  refugee ( not asylum seekers ) typically have a package consists of : 1 . ), 
  suitable housing in the state you 're assigned to ( usually far from cities ) 2 . ), 
  one off payment for furniture ( not a lot ) 3 . ), 
  integration course paid by jobcentre . 
  approx 300 p.euro monthly allowance for single male until job is found . 
  i think it 's troublesome for then to change job since you need permission from the jobcentre . 
  but often these requests are accepted . 
  so let 's talk about refugees with intention of becoming german ( ie not intention of returning ) personally , i think it 's good to spread the mass refugee sparsely around the countryside is a decent method to get them integrated in the society . 
  however , very often most refugees will move to the cities where they live with someone from the same background . 
  this normally will lead turning the part of the city into a ghetto and that social segregation will start to arise . 
  things will become worst , if these segregated group decided to bring their old sectarian conflicts among themselves . 
  in conclusion , the worries from the anti refugees are not unwarranted . 
  however , these problem can be fixed if the government takes a hard stance in spreading out the refugees all over germany ( and possibly more in east germany as the population is drastically decreasing ) and discourage , by carrot and sticks , congregations among themselves . 
  but this is highly unpopular because due to human rights of free mobility . 
  in my opinion , we should take as much as we can from the war torn country but at the same time we should start having a hardline programme to integrate them . 
  germany can not be the next france . 
  problem is sending them home . 
  yes they would have been sent home by paper . 
  but it 's extremely difficult in enforcing it . 
  with this much supply , there bound to be black market for these labour and will put the so called invincible `` german id checking system efficiently for everything '' to be a thing of a past . 
  just like torrenting , people still do it despite efficient clampdown , but unlike torrenting , these seekers had spent too much sunk cost in traveling here . 
  i doubt most of them will budge to a deportation notice . 
  i do n't agree your ` sit here and does nothing until citizenship woohoo ' argument . 
  in germany for example , the common path is : 5 years work residency plus b1 german to apply for permanent residency . 
  and further 7 years permanent residency plus social test for citizenship . 
  total of 12 years . 
  so most legal migrant workers ( except refugees i guess ) would have stayed in germany for at least 10 years and would have at least paid 5 years worth of taxes . 
  note : work permits usually do n't allow you to claim social benefits . 
  first of all , flair up . 
  then i will find one anti-immigrant incidence in your country . 
   he acknowledged that he had not told the truth during his internship interview when asked whether he would be able to support himself during his stay . 
  he said , however , that when he had previously answered that question truthfully he had found all doors closed to him . 
  seems like it 's an involuntary resignation . 
  possibly being forced by the employer under `` you did not tell us the truth during interview '' . 
  on one hand , this is true . 
  on the other hand , this is utterly ridiculous . 
  if this status quo goes on , the inernship will only attracts those who either are rich or have fundings from developing countries . 
  this is an unhealthy practice and un ( also looking at you , ecb ) being the forefront of human societal organisation , should at least treat their interns humanly . 
  although i can speak several languages , but wish i could experience these kind of moments :( i 'm chinese by ethnicity and able to speak mandarin and cantonese ... 
  so most chinese will be aware that i understood them ( and they 're right ), 
  the toll thing is more like an appeasement to the bavarians for being in the coalition ... 
  i 'm pretty much sure that the rest of the bundestag knew it would be rejected by eu eventually . 
  i 'm not too sure on the external costs being extraordinarily high . . the royal family have been doing this in every parliament opening for years , so there 's some ` positive economic of scale ' there . 
  plus some tourists such as the canadians are pouring money in to see the queen . 
  so that should contribute a bit to the cost . 
  ( getting a bit slippery slope here ) again , by your line of argument , i suppose you would also advocate proportion of personal vote counts to personal wealth . 
  with vote of , say , the queen counts 300.000 while the a working class university student vote counts 0.2 ( you know , because he does n't pay tax and basically leeching off the student loan and all . 
  the only tax he pays is the vat tax from eating-in sandwiches ) . 
  and what will you have the polish minister say ? 
  `` do n't quit the eu because we do n't wan na stop cleaning your toilet ? '', 
  would that be more satisfactory to you ? 
  by your argument , then the poors are forbidden to lecture the rich about taxes . 
  while you 're at it , why not forbid the poor to say anything at all since they do n't or can not ( due to their wealth status ) contribute to the community . 
  no body is commenting that the list of av ( adult videos ) actresses made into japanese and chinese list ? 
  you does n't seem to know what a hijab is . 
  what u meant was a burka . 
  goes to show how much you know . 
  do n't even pull the `` oh it 's their culture !, 
  why should i even care ! '', 
  on me . 
  if uninformed pricks like you are on the electoral , it worries me the direction europe is heading . 
  for anyone that votes ` nein ! ', 
  on inheritance tax by the sole reasoning of ` not letting the fat cat win !, 
  ' , is n't expected to be reading anything serious . 
  sure you can ignore international law . . 
  but the consequence is : if you ca n't even adhere to international laws , what gives you the position to comment on other international dispute ( eg crimea-ukraine , china island grabbing . ), 
  thus making uk more irrelevant on the international stage than it already is . 
   economy minister sigmar gabriel said it was `` dumb '' to link greece 's bailout with the question of war reparations . 
  from the bbc i would generally avoid any other clowns news resources really . 
  and 0.7 billion ... you know . . to make it seems like we did n't pluck the figures from the sky . 
  and britain has dragons in [ wale ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/flag_of_wales_2.svg/1280px-flag_of_wales_2.svg.png ) s and [ the city ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4003/4190796095_ea4fa41657.jpg ) * heh *, 
  it 's ok though . . we already have ` heresy ', 
   g\u00fcnther oettinger , the commissioner in charge of the digital economy and society in the eu , said the vote would `` deliver tangible results to improve the daily lives of europeans '' ... . . `` we will get for the first time ever net neutrality rules in eu law , '' he said . 
  `` these rules protect the right of every european to access the content of their choice , without interference or discrimination . '', 
  may i know what does he means by `` tangible results '' and `` right of every european to access the content of their choice , without interference or discrimination '' . 
  what was his argument ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2015-10/27/net-neutrality-european-union-vote ), 
  while it may or may not be true that , on average , a single refugee is generating a negative in a unforeseeable term , your ` math ' in calculating the return is so oversimplified it qualifies for / r/badeconomics ( or / r/badmath if it existed ) . 
  if it was so easy , econometricians would be mostly be out of job . 
  on the other hand , although i 'm against for unchecked immigrations ... 
  i strongly oppose the idea of those who were granted refugees as some sort of investments that generate ` returns ' . 
  it is inhumane . 
  the only reason anyone such as merkel would briefly mention this is to only tame the rightists . 
  i 've exhausted my free daily limit so it is now paywalled . 
  can someone paste the article here ? 
  brexit should not means an immediate expulsion of foreign residents who have valid reason ( working ) to reside in the uk . 
  if that happens , uk will have a massive labour hole and no appropriate trained labour to fulfilled . 
  that will hurt the economy in short to medium term for sure . 
  what you talking about . . 
  the us make loads of unhealthy and fatty foods and that seems to be british diet now seeing how the island is sinking by its own weight , figuratively . 
  it was neither holy , romanique nor an empire, 
  decent folks do n't have an influence to the economy . 
  goldman has some . . not all , but enough for an ib . 
  wales voted eargerly for brexit ... the \u2665 has been long gone, 
  next thing is finding a way of thwart the eu army . 
  it 's still in infancy , we will see how things fare and if i 'm right, 
  does anyone realised recently mass democratic process like this seem to be favouring russia against the odds ? 
  first it was brexit . . and then there 's this . 
  i came from asia ... to take over all yer juubbs, 
  please tell me he got arrested .
