  buddhism is quite major from where i come from . . 
  so what 's your point really ? 
  face it , the abrahamic religions are relatively more violent in history than any other religions , major or otherwise . 
  i 'm philosophically buddhist ( in the chan branch ) . 
  i do n't think any of our ` prophets ' wanted to conquer other religion and dictate one 's way of life . 
  they just typical philosophers sitting in temples trying to achieve enlightenment . 
  so no , there do exists at least one ` religion ' that does not forcibly submit others into their teachings . 
  which is why we are not popular . 
  another branch of chinese religion is tao ( or dao ) . 
  sure they have been prosecuted before in ancient chinese history . 
  but they never did try , forcibly , to enforce their teachings to anyone . 
  wrong link ( sorry ) . 
  general applicants ( 5 years , 60 months of tax contribution and stable job ) 2 . ), 
  eu blue card - high skills worker ( 33/21 months of residency and tax contribution and stable job ) 3 . ), 
  foreigners graduated from german universities ( 2 years , 24 months of tax contributions and stable job ) and all require some level of german knowledge and certificate . 
  if i 'm a small business owner who cover both eu and british ( be it that i 'm from britain or european businessman ) . . 
  i would be really annoyed with the uncertainty . 
  it 's bad business . 
  you wo n't know what to plan . 
  at first may says art 50 by april . . now if the govt is appealing , and they are , this is going to drag until supreme court ( because it involves constitutional change ) ... all because 51.9 % decided to buy all the bullshits boris and goons sold . 
  good job . 
  thanks for dragging us along . 
  truth be told . 
  the invisible hand obviously wants the referendum to be gone judging by the immediate soar in some stock prices and sterlings . 
  i 'm curious see who wins : the invisible hand or the egos of brexiteers . . 
  just like the financial crisis : if the subprime voters bought all that toxic lies , then it should be them that bear the fall out . 
  stop dragging our economies along ... 
  the world can not and does not revolve around uk . 
  uk is largest export of the eu ? 
  where did you get this data from ? 
  sure uk export is not small , but it is certainly not the largest ... by a long way eu , however , is the largest export of uk . 
  and uk would shoot their own foot by leaving single market . 
  means we still do n't know if you guys want to leave or not . 
  making the divorce more painful than it is . 
  and the kgb is n't ? 
  the blackhole of middle east grows larger and larger . 
  however , it seems to be sucking the west ( europe ) with their export of ideologies and migrants rather than the east . 
  i think europe countries are too soft in this clash of civilisation . 
  depends what kind of friends you have . 
  if you live on the higher social bubble then the turkish you met are , naturally , well educated . 
  try living in cities like ludwigshafen or some really ghetto regions . 
  then you will start to see enclaves of turkish german who strongly identified themselves as turkey and not german despite holding german passports . 
  it 's ironic really . 
  because at the end of the day , these ( ( ( elites ) ) ) have enough resource and know-hows to weather against whatever storms coming to them . 
  the blue-collars ? 
  they are still at the might of these ( ( ( elites ) ) ) whether they like it or not . 
  you forgot free housing , insurance and what no . 
  those cash is allowance . 
  while you 're at it , please visit the shin-to temple in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  otherwise i 'm going to sue all of you lots for being intolerant . 
  i 'm sure there 's some thai temples that need visiting too, 
  that 's a blatant assumption . 
  i was a non eu student in germany . 
  and i had saved up only barely enough to study here . 
  on top of that i had to find ra or ta job to sustain myself . 
  so do n't assume i have access to any family resources . 
  sure i had a scholarship to fund my undergrad study in the uk . 
  but it did not provide further funding to study master, 
  enough have stayed to contribute to the system . 
  for example , me . 
  and most of us get higher than average wage so our tax contribution is also naturally higher . 
  well . . 
  i 'm currently in mannheim . 
  i would have gone to humboldt or bonn if i was required to pay 1500 euro per semester . 
  note that this is only the state of baw\u00fc . 
  students will flow into other german universities in other state . 
  therefore , foreign talents will flow out from the state . 
  i do n't see how this move is smart . 
  the black-green government of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg decided to introduce fees for all students who do not come from eu countries . 
  thus it confirmed a plan of science minister bauer , who had recently become known . 
  the new tuition fees are part of the budget for 2017 to the cabinet has approved on tuesday . 
  consequently , all departments should contribute more to reduce the budget deficit - and the science section . 
  as a ministry spokesman spiegel online announced that the fees would apply as from the winter semester 2017/18 . 
  in addition therefore to pay an administration fee of 10 euros per semester , each student in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  as the details are designed , is still open . 
  first , a bill must be drawn up , and which must be approved by the parliament . 
  the proposal of minister bauer provides to provide non-eu students per semester a four-digit amount . 
  of which is a part flow directly into the coffers of each university , which is to support and encourage international students better with the money . 
  under discussion are currently 1,500 euros per semester . 
  but the ministry stressed you that this number was at first only a mathematical parameter to assess whether you actually could thus stop the budget gap . 
  the scheme will not apply to students from eu countries and participants in the erasmus programs . 
  even for refugees and other needy students there should be exceptions . 
  however , as this look like in practice , is not yet known . 
  foreign students at universities and colleges in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg click on the chart to see the breakdown by country eu-l\u00e4nder nicht-eu-l\u00e4nder nicht-eu-l\u00e4nder \u25cf studenten : 24.173 source : german academic exchange service ( daad ) ; figures for the winter semester 2014/2015 tuition for individual groups of students are considered taboo . 
  you should also in many non-affected students are prepared to accept . 
  criticized the student action against tuition fees `` the economic logic of exploitation , according to the people who come here , are judged '' , and sees in the proposed scheme a breach of equal treatment principles . 
  the group also supports the action of a foreign student from the academy of music and theatre `` felix mendelssohn bartholdy '' in leipzig , which is currently before the local administrative court . 
  the student feels unfairly treated because they - must pay fees - unlike their german counterparts . 
  but they still did n't apologise . . also . . do n't abuse the word ` massively ' . . that 's debatable . 
  lastly , i 'm not german by nationality . 
  i just stayed in baden long enough to have attachment with the land . 
  so bring your shitty generalisation up your ass where it belongs . 
  in which part of this highly opinionated article that stated ( or even slightly indicated ) that imf `` apologise '' to the uk or brexiteers ? 
  learn how to source better , you dimwit . 
   imf apologised the other week for making wrong predictions . 
  they what ? 
  did they ? 
  the only news source that comes close to that statement is  `` imf ` clowns ' admit they got it wrong with brexit doom and gloom warnings after saying the british economy will grow faster than germany and france '' guess where is it from ? 
  why your beloved dailymail ofcourse ... now fuck off from reddit and troll on rt or dm 's comment section or something . 
  tories said goodbye to that two elections ago .
