  which paper is this ? 
  i 'm starting to see arabic on the public transport signage . 
  did n't know newspapers are beginning to do that too . 
  also ... 17 years old ?!, 
  really ?!, 
  and our authorities bought that story ? 
   if you 're not supporting middle east immigrants then you 're literally a nazi !!!, 
  i 'm a centrist , and in my view , you are as retarded as your right wing counterparts . 
  rubbish sensationalist article . 
  author sounds like a business ( not economic ) undergraduate with little or no knowledge of how comparative econometric works . 
  i think / r/europe should ban business insider . 
  it 's on the same level as daily mail except trying to sound like they are about business . 
  what the hell is bangladesh and nigerians doing there except for economic reasons ? 
  why are there even been granted for any sort of protection at all ? 
  you forgot they broke the law in foreign soil . 
  you want to trial these convicts as they are in european soil ? 
  how imperialistic can you get ? 
   our embassy will even get them from irak why should the embassy get them home ? 
  they broke the law in the host country , they get the heat . 
  it 's extremely disrespectful and disgusting to even ask iraqi government to return these teenagers without iraqi trial . 
  would you be happy if a tunisian who drove through berlin christmas market get requested to be returned to tunisia without trial in germany ? 
   nobody asked me if i wanted to see my hometown become infested with tourists your local government and local businesses did . 
  your view matter as much as your one vote every few years or so . 
   south east asians south asian . 
  south east asians are thais , cambodian , singaporean and indonesians . 
   stuttgart has over 40 % of its population with a migrant descent . 
  over 12000 of them are from croatia . 
  i hate it when people try to play statistics . 
  if you start with % and like to compare its subgroup , please also use % in your latter comparison . 
  because your statement sounds like you 've some agenda for being to obscured . 
  people who uses `` lol u mad bro ? '', 
  in subreddits such as / r/europe are usually some retards who ca n't handle anything thrown at them . 
  perhaps you ought to get yourself tested for such a disease . 
  my last post still stands ; because you 're still arguing with the same point . 
  first you said there is n't any german loan words in english  provides several examples then you said that those examples are all the counterexamples to your first statement . 
   gives a broader list of german loan words in english . 
  you complained that it 's ridiculous to compare the amount of loan words from german with french . 
  completely ignoring the utterly falsification of your first statement . 
  dude , what the hell is wrong with your logic ? 
  is there too much dust behind that brain of yours ? 
  it 's been said air mattresses are for sleeping , not for floating . 
  floating ones are called lilo, 
  unrelated : msn still lives ? 
  you want me to list the things your democratically elected president has said to eu , european leaders , and its politicians ? 
  or you want me to list out the unclassy things your democratically elected president as said ? 
  also , how is shitting on american be labeled as `` chasing one with a knife '' ? 
  why ? 
  why the extra work !, 
  the man just want to shit !, 
  * something about money ... something about weapon sales ... something about being racist ... 
  jokes on them , i 'm a non eu non white foreigner . 
  does it really need to take a third eye to be able to see what 's really going on ? 
  honestly , do europeans not able to see most of these refugees are genuinely opportunistic quasi-economic migrants ? 
  you ca n't expect culture that destroy to build or to maintain something . 
  the best they can do is to throw gold at it and see how it goes . 
  he 's american . 
  if you have n't noticed , a lot of american redditors tend to share their own uninvited experience/stories whenever they get the chance . 
   than our european `` friends '' . 
  and that 's europeans ' fault because ? 
  please remember that you decided to leave us , suddenly we 're the bad guys trying to guard our self-interests . 
  and also putin, 
  what the fuck is `` post-academic '' ? 
  not all of the items will go zero tariffs . 
  which is fine ? 
  do you actually want these migrants ? 
   we 're hypocrites but we 're a better hypocrites than sweden . . and that 's all fine with me . 
  i do n't you do n't get what i meant . 
  i have read the thread you opened on `` whether merkel did invite them or not '' sometime ago . 
  however , the term `` invitation '' being discussed here is not longer confined to the mere media gestures ; it is how the asylum system is structured . 
  therefore whether the government did or did not clarify if they did invite , orally , these migrants is irrelevant . 
  what is relevant is what policy is in place for the asylum system . 
  as of now it is opened for abused and this ... this is the ` invitation ' . 
  our asylum system is so lenient it basically invites irregular migrants into the country . 
  and no effort was made to correct it ( rejecting obvious economic migrants at the gate for example * ) , so we might as well appeared as we did invite them . 
  it wo n't matter whether it is genuinely an invitation or not ; what matters is how the prospective migrants perceive it . 
  and now they think there 's a big buffet in germany and there 's a seat with his name on it . 
  * because if a migrant knows that he has little chance for asylum status , all he needs is to make it on germany soil and then abscond . 
  also , the existence of `` duldung '' ( tolerated failed asylum seeker ) is yet another factor . 
  many of them will think they might get duldung ; and many actually do such as our dear late [ anis amri ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/world/europe/anis-amri-berlin-market-crash.html ) :  the police noted his deportation papers and detained him that weekend , but he was ordered released after 48 hours . 
  his lack of tunisian identity papers meant the german authorities could neither deport nor detain him . 
  so all you need to do is to throwaway all your papers , how is this not an ` invitation ' ?!, 
  this might not be an express invitation , but the door is no doubt flung opened with no guards in sight . 
   `` he was fed up with germany , '' another sister , hafida , 35 , said . 
  `` he could not get a job , and the language was difficult , and he could not get papers . '' i wonder then how many anis amri will we get in the future . 
  did you read the comments from the muslims ? 
  spiegel ran this news piece and its facebook comments , mostly made by mena immigrants speaking in german , were all borderline death threats . 
  i honestly have no hopes for these groups of people to progress . 
  if anything they seem to be slipping backwards . 
  edit : yes , i categorize a group of people because i agree to an ancient chinese saying : when we were born , we were all equal ; but as we grow up , we begin to diverge . 
  \u4eba\u4e4b\u521d \u6027\u672c\u5584 \uff1b \u6027\u76f8\u8fdb \u4e60\u76f8\u8fdc \u3002 the poem goes to say education is important for human characters and so on, 
  does the data includes also the muslim migrants you so love to invite ? 
  oh stop it with your unhelpful sacarsm . 
  taking away passports of foreign workers and irresponsible for their these workers work place ( modern day enslavement ) . 
  hanging inmates in the public . 
  stoning women in the public . 
  hanging gays in the public or throw them over the building . 
  executing people over blasphemy . 
  and today in the news : collecting leaking petrol when a tanker was leaking . 
  ( and then someone decided to smoke and engulf 200 people alive ) yes , as a non european who have lived in muslim country . 
  i 'm pretty sure european way of life is much more better than the islamic way of life .
