   the earth has a surface area of 510,072,000,000,000,000 meter squared . 
  off by [ three orders of magnitude ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/earth ) . 
   ... since the layer has to be at least 1 voxel thick . 
  youknow , if you only want a completely flat earth with no mountains or occeans . 
  you could store the z-height in each voxel , but the world would be a 1-block carpet . 
  you 'd need about 20000 blocks to simulate the full distance from mount everest to the mariana trench . 
  you could reduce to a few thousand and still have a reasonably good world , just without the tallest mountains and deepest occeans . 
  with a world height of 5000 blocks , that 's 510,072 * 10 ^ 9 * 5000 * 6 = 1,912,770 terabytes . 
  * however * , we are not done yet , because this data would be extremely compressable . 
  in this data format , a square kilometer if water , air or solid rock ( which is nearly the entire world ! ), 
  would take nearly a gigabyte of storage , while in reality it is very simple to describe . 
  i could do much more precise calculations of this , but 3 orders of magnitude of compression is not at all unreasonable . 
  suddenly we 're at 1912 terabytes , possible less . 
  not quite within reach yet , but might be something a rich guy could rent a server for in not too many years . 
  this is so awesome . 
  this is going to bring more players back to minecraft than any content update ever could . 
  in case anyone is wondering , it 's actually only 4x . 
  from 32x32 loaded chunks to 64x64 . 
  why does twitter do that ? 
  they make ridiculous amounts of money , how hard can it be ? 
  that 's possible . 
  in either case , i 'm sure they have no shortage of investors . 
  you mean by exiting the car ? 
  you could literally save thousands of dollars just by installing your own ram sticks . 
  i guess it had to end . 
  also , it does n't make it deplete faster . 
  so once you start using energy potions it is literally useless except for shortcuts and quests . 
  that was just a useless microoptimization , [ less than 4 microseconds per chunk on his computer ] ( https://twitter.com/seargedp/status/488715162086813696 ) . 
  it wo n't make any difference in practice . 
  sort comments by controversial for slightly less circlejerk . 
  well , the current top post was 7 hours late , so it 's certainly possible . 
  then again , i am probably too late pointing it out ... 
  i still ca n't increase render distance [ past 16 chunks . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gvh2mvd.png ) i have 64-bit java and 8 gb of memory , so i do n't think it 's been artificially disabled on some systems . 
  edit : worked when i allocated 2 gb of ram to minecraft . 
  have a sympathy upvote then . 
  it came out a full year after the xbox 360 , it 's not a fair comparison . 
  there 's a difference between being capable of outputting and actually running a game at that resolution . 
   aim for 0 adverbs or less . 
  what the hell ? 
  adverbs are my favourite part of the english language . 
  the southern part of forochel is easily the most beautiful place in the whole game imo . 
  lake evendim and weathertop come close , but nothing can beat forochel at night . 
  that 's enough to make it my favourite region . 
  not really . 
  i do n't have exact data , but it 's probably smaller than a sandy bridge 6c . 
  cadel evans finished 8th and has never had serious , realiable accusations against him for doping . 
  he also won the tour de france in 2011 , when doping was much , much harder to get away with . 
  that is still really bad ofc , however , the sport is a lot cleaner now , and this cycling year has gone without major drug busts . 
  there are also other things that suggest the sport is generally cleaner , such as the fact that riders are a lot more even now , and that they ride the famous mountains much slower ( often by several minutes ) than was done 10-20 years ago . 
  til lots of people ca n't actually tell the difference between medicine and alternative medicine . 
   but for most people that $ 1500 mac book has the functionality of a $ 400 hp notebook . 
  dude , wtf . 
  check your facts . 
  macbooks may be a bit overpriced , but i challenge you to find a $ 400 pc with even remotely similar hardware to a $ 1500 macbook . 
  because you wo n't . 
  full post text :, 
   i hope this update finds you all well . 
  we are getting incredibly close to launching the course in beta and we are working hard to ensure that we produce a course that conforms to the standards expected of a duolingo course . 
  this can not be achieved without providing a course complete with audio to facilitate multimodal learning . 
  we are trying hard to ensure that the text to speech ( tts ) technology which will be incorporated into the course will accurately portray the language and allow for the development of the listening skill . 
  we are nearly there . 
  please bear with us . 
  sure yee have waited this long  . 
   odoinn and team irish, 
  have you considered going for a smaller case ? 
  unless you are planning to go crossfire or install fancy water cooling , an mitx case will have more than enough space , and be much lighter , smaller and nicer . 
  [ here is a great info thread . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/1tvwqb/choosing_a_case_pt_4_small_form_factor_mitx_and/ ), 
  40 gp per alch is n't really that cheap though . 
  cosmetic rewards are definitely the way to go . 
  they 're just so much more exciting than a generic exp lamp . 
  til you can get a long and detailed wikipedia article about yourself by posting random shit on the internet . 
  there are literally constant advances , and have been for years . 
  the most ones happened 5-6 years ago . 
  they 're extremely mature at this point . 
  question , how do you all get games to last so long ? 
  do n't you run out of gold and wood ? 
  does n't firefox use that too ? 
  works fine to keep that open . 
  they just runescript to program the simple gameplay mechanics , the engine is written in java . 
  no one would write a game engine in a little language they made themselves . 
  lucky ... 
  i once killed over 10k of those to get mine . 
  and that was just to get the damn champion 's challenge song . 
  maybe with lower power consumption as well . 
  where the heck did you read that ? 
  i mean , sure , if your motherboard has 64 memory channels ... 
  pretty much this . 
  when they added it i was like , cool , less luring , but then i saw how hideously ugly it was ... 
  still pretty stupid . 
  all the other items are noted . 
  the regular 4-core haswell already has 1.4 billion transistors iirc . 
  i somehow doubt that , nvidia rarely ( if ever ! ), 
  does paper launches , especially several months ahead . 
  paper launches are also usually done on new nodes , because of low yields etc , but this node is probably the most mature they have ever launched on . 
  yep ... that was pretty stupid . 
  cost per con exp is generally the same from a very low level all the way to 99 . 
  and lv 50 is less than 1 % of the exp required for level 99 , so it 's not that expensive !, 
  you also only need level 42 with crystal saw + tea , which only costs half that !,
