  even integrated gpus work fine nowadays . 
  my laptop has hd 4400 and it maintains a good 40-50 fps in 1920x1080 . 
  any new computer will do , really . 
  and the whole ordeal would result in a two-minute penalty for both . 
  i do n't think anybody really needs to `` learn '' from nhl 's culture of dispute settling . 
  this seems to have a made a lot of people angry , but pointing out the exact nature of the penalty was n't really where i was going . 
  my point was that being suspended for 9 games hurts a player a heck of a lot more than a small fight that just gets him attention and an excited crowd . 
  he is going to miss the rest of the world championship for christ 's sake . 
  you might also agree that an official punishment from fifa is slightly more civilized than a fist fight . 
   the ark listings for the 4690k and 4790k say these cpus support haswell 's new tsx instructions for transactional memory and vt-d for virtualized i/o . 
  this is actually really nice , i never understood why they would cripple their most high-end cpus in this way . 
  it 's there for all the other i5s and i7s though . 
  it forces people to choose between features and overclockabilty , instead of k-cpus being simply better . 
  link ? 
  do you know when he announced that he had changed his mind ? 
  that article was 4 years before his election , while we 're now two and a half years away from the next one . 
  looks like we 're pretty much back to `` every year is a great year '' . 
  he is probably referring to everyone jumping on the bandwagon to criticize their use of loc to describe the project , instead of writing something useful about the project itself . 
  as other people have pointed out , it is great for a rough estimate of the size of a project , and something that people can relate to . 
  10 million loc is usually a bigger project then 1 million loc , etc. 
  i once had an old game that * literally would n't start * because it complained that 4gb was too little memory . 
  dem integer overflows . 
  it was a long time ago , i do n't remember if i ever managed to get it running . 
  wow , someone in this thread really ca n't be happy for other people 's achievements . 
  downvotes everywhere . 
  relevant steve yegge quote ( 2004 ) :, 
   we have 50 million lines of c++ code . 
  [ ... ] stuff takes forever to do around here . 
  an amazon engineer once described our code base as `` a huge mountain of poop , the biggest mountain you 've ever seen , and your job is to crawl into the very center of it , every time you need to fix something . '', 
  [ source and full blog post . 
  ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/steveyegge2/tour-de-babel ) a very interesting and humorous read , and a great look at the state of the mainstream langauges back in 2004 , viewed from amazon . 
  although some of his points are not really valid anymore , it 's worth reading for his hilarious description of perl alone . 
  they ditched lisp for python because of performance ? 
  might as well sell their cpus and start hosting the servers by moving stones around . 
  [ according to the wikipedia article , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reddit#technology ) `` the reasons given for the switch were wider access to code libraries and greater development flexibility . '', 
  so i guess it was mostly the libraries thing . 
  soo ... either of you got a source for the uninitiated ? 
  that post never actually says that they wrote the web engine in lisp , it just says that they used lisp at the company . 
  in fact , his little anecdote ( and earlier mention of c ) seems to strongly suggest that they used c for their web engine , because really , who in their right mind would write an app for costumer service in c while keeping their web backend in lisp ? 
  your typical java code :, 
  if ( n1.compareto ( n2.multiply ( biginteger.valueof ( 100 ) ) = = 1 ) {, 
  / / stuff, 
  also known as, 
  if n1  n2 * 100, 
  with operator overloading ; slightly longer if you ca n't mix small and big ints . 
  and this is for pretty much the simplest arithmetic you can get . 
  * shudder . 
  never again . 
  minecraft is usually not cpu-bound whatsoever , unless you are generating new terrain or playing with cpu-intensive mods . 
  on my friend 's laptop with a 4500u ( two cores @ 1.8 ghz ) , the cpu clocks down to 800mhz while playing just because it does n't need more . 
  maintains 30-60fps depending on the surroundings . 
  however , afaik vanilla minecraft does n't use the shader hardware of modern gpus at all , so mods can take advantage of that with little performance penalty , as long as they do n't overdo it . 
  also , many graphics mods try to optimize other parts of the rendering pipeline , with impressive results on certain configurations . 
  it does n't really . 
  afaik it only makes terrain generation multithreaded ( at least it used to ) , which does help a bit when you are exploring , but not really otherwise . 
  you know it 's going to require bloaty code when even the hype post is 50 % useless bloat paragraphs . 
  what episode is that from ? 
  it 's tree gnome village actually . 
  the grand tree only lets you use the tree inside gnome stronghold , and only to the other trees , not from . 
  still no multithreading ? 
  nothing , it will just increase or decrease ( mostly the latter ) performance . 
  or in your case , break things . 
  perhaps they lay easter eggs . 
  this is exactly the problem that turbo mode solved . 
  look at every single one of intel 's 4 and 6-core cpus , they all have higher turbo frequencies than the models with less cores . 
  this is not nearly as much of an issue as you make it out to be . 
  same but with better quality . 
  you have to admit , 2013 was a bit late to the party though . 
  the potions themselves are tradeable . 
  hopefully jagex wo n't ruin herblore with untradeable potions like in eoc-rs . 
  both are worse than a defender . 
  obviously natural selection occurs for intelligence too , i think it 's fair to say that we are more intelligent than most other species in the world . 
  apart from racism issues , the selective pressure of living in high altitudes is far , far greater than the selective pressure on intelligence has ever been for the individual . 
  a large brain also costs a lot of calories , and it is also immensely complex ; getting better at one kind of `` thinking '' often leads to disavantages in other areas . 
  which in turn makes the term `` intelligence '' meaningless as a quantitative measure of `` brain capacity '' . 
  not to mention that environmental factors clearly play a much larger role in brain development than genes . 
  generally , it 's extremely hard to do meaningful research on the topic . 
  the lighter-than-air aircraft in the article is built for surveillance , not for fast long-distance travel like 99 % of aircrafts today . 
  lighter-than-air flight for transport is still completely unfeasable for the forseeable future because of their huge size , and consequently massive air resistance . 
  which is a problem that will never go away , no matter how good technology gets . 
  you could always just make them absurdly large , think dozens of kilometres long , but i do n't see how that would ever be economically viable compared to the other solutions posted here . 
  accidentally resurrect an enemy ? 
  this is life expectancy at birth , which looked pretty optimistic in 1950 . 
  i 'd say he wo n't get an effect whatsoever . 
  video editing tends to be bandwidth limited , not latency limited, 
  i know . 
  that 's one fast ssd . 
  firefox only actually loads them when you open though . 
  that 's like bragging about windows being able to have 3000 files on the hard drive . 
  there 's no way it could handle 3000 tabs loaded , that 's like 1mb per tab . 
  and a couple of fast ssds . 
  an i3 is probably enough though . 
  safely disable the windows pagefile . 
  nice touch with the extra toolbar outside the browser . 
  reminds me of my old maths teacher . 
  [ longer discussion of the leak ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/29nuiq/gtx_880_pictured/ ) over at / r/hardware . 
  problem is , the hare is as slow as the turtle now . 
  the hare just has a two-year lead . 
  there really is so need for these comments every time a rumour is posted . 
  yes , it 's just a rumour .
