  this does n't seem to benefit any large corporations , so hopefully the politicians will be reasonable here . 
  the interview ( in norwegian ) can be watched [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.nrk.no/sport/carlsen-raste-etter-at-han-mistet-vm-gullet_-_-det-dummeste-jeg-har-sett-1.13298064 ) poor wojtaszek , magnus seemed downright angry with him for giving away the point to karjakin in the penultimate round . 
   another question i have about them is why after they 've earned the gm titles have n't we seen them play the top 10 players like judit polgar used to do ? 
  there are thousands of grandmasters , the title is not that special anymore . 
  there is a huge skill gap between `` average '' gms like the muzychuk sisters and top 10 players . 
   one question is are they jewish ? 
  this would fit well in / r/shitamericanssay /, 
  carlsen should start playing in some local tournaments and lose all the games before each rapid/blitz championship . 
  a few hundred points lower and he would have won both titles . 
  a system where your tiebreak score is the average of the tournament score of your opponents would be much better imo . 
  rating is so arbitrary . 
  * punctuation . 
  thank you for this , i was wondering if such a tiebreak system exists . 
  to me it 's so obviously better than the current system . 
  another alternative is ranking players by number of wins first . 
  carlsen and karjakin both drew games extremely early ( before move 15 ) , which should be discouraged . 
   happened in the candidates, 
  no it did n't , karjakin won that outright . 
  pretty sure you 've arrived back at exactly the rating system we have now . 
  looks like a case of [ regression to the mean ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regression_toward_the_mean ) . 
  you will occasionally play some unusually good games , and your rating increases above your `` true '' rating . 
  when you play normally again ( against stronger opponents ) , your rating drops back down . 
  it 's just statistical effects . 
  it could also get magnified because you feel bad when your rating drops , and play slightly worse as a result . 
  i would n't worry too much about it . 
  just keep having fun and playing games . 
   i 'm talking about using the progressive performance rating of opponents ( ie . 
  the performance rating of each opponent after the conclusion of each game ), 
  okay it 's slightly different , but very similar . 
  the current tiebreak rule ranks players by their performance rating in the tournament , which is determined by your opponents ' ratings * before * the tournament . 
  you ca n't really use your opponents ' perf rating * at that point * in the tournament , since a player 's perf rating is n't well defined until they 've had two different results . 
  i guess you could determine tiebreak by your opponents ' perf rating * after * the tornament is finished , which would be similar to your suggestion , but that seems awfully complicated . 
  [ looks like we 're both wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_chess_grandmasters ), 
   the november 2016 fide rating list includes 1541 grandmasters, 
  link is broken . 
  how exactly do i set a stockpile to only accept items of a certain quality level ? 
  i see people referencing this setting everywhere , so it 's probably somewhere really obvious , but i ca n't find it . 
  a new i3-6300 or just the ancient e6300 ? 
  i 'm definitely in the last category . 
  where is this ? 
  really ? 
  i use it on a weekly basis . 
  it 's not very flexible though , it really needs to match the * exact * quote . 
  around 6:40 if anyone is wondering . 
  the dog probably got the ball though, 
   well , it 's not a good question . 
  wtf ? 
  which update was that ? 
   it just does n't make sense . 
  it 's marketing material though , it does n't need to make sense . 
  on the other hand , it sounds pretty small since , well , 2.7 ms is a very short time . 
   oled tv prices are dropping fast . 
  can anyone update me on this statement ? 
  i have n't followed oleds , i 've just been hearing this for years , but here we are in 2017 and they 're still not consumer products . 
   you would need to swim 8000 blocks just to run out of saturation and start losing hunger , and another 8000 to run out of hunger ;, 
  you lose one point of hunger for every 100 blocks you swim , so this number is actually 2000 . 
  if you arrived at a desert after swimming for 2000 blocks you * would * actually be a serious risk of starving , but that 's a very unlucky spawn i guess . 
   is the lack of avx2 really going to make much difference in gaming ? 
  i 've never heard of a game that uses them , although they could be used for physics simulation etc. 
  if a game used avx2 , that code would almost certainly be multi-threaded , and you 'd want a quad-core anyway . 
  they might also help with streaming , but then again you 'd really want a quad core . 
  elections too , unfortunately . 
   the demise of the republican party, 
  people said the same thing during/after the bush presidency , but here we are again . 
   it 's a real shame steve jobs killed himself, 
  wtf ? 
  parties evolve , it did n't survive for 160 years without adapting to new voters and opportunities . 
  just because the party changes , it does n't stop being the republican party . 
  in that sense , the party really is just the name , but so are the democrats and all other long-lived parties . 
   voluntary homelessness, 
  how can someone be voluntarily homeless ? 
  somewhat ironic that / r/enoughtrumpspam consists mostly of donald trump tweets nowadays . 
  in theory i guess . 
  the `` planet nine '' hypothesis only predicts that there is * something * in planet 's nine orbit that has around 10 times earth 's mass , because that something has been causing weird gravitational effects in the solar system . 
  so it could be anything with that mass , in theory . 
  however , in our current understanding of cosmology , planets ( and rogue planets ) are really the only things that can exist at 10 earth masses . 
  more exotic objects like neutron stars and black holes form from stars , and should be much heavier . 
  your only hope would be a [ primordial black hole ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primordial_black_hole ) , a black hole that was created not from a star , but shortly after the big bang . 
  they probably do n't exist , and it would be pretty spectacular if one of them somehow ended up in our solar system . 
  but it might be theoretically possible . 
  disclaimer : i 'm also not a cosmologist , so it might be impossible due to some factor i 've overlooked . 
  a black hole of 10 earth masses has * exactly * the same gravitational effect as a 10 earth-mass planet . 
  without an accretion disk it also essentially invisible , and would actually be extremely challenging to detect . 
  the planet being a black hole is improbable for a bunch of other reasons though , see my reply . 
  sli problem i guess ? 
  i have a returned asteroid floating uselessly in the sea halfway across kerbin . 
  screw those lawyers . 
  mirror , anyone ? 
   you 're mind, 
   the details were discussed for literally months on the sanders for president sub . 
  saying `` everyone said it on reddit '' is * not * a source . 
  i do n't mean to be harsh but why the fuck are people upvoting this . 
  sure , the statements are probably all correct , but that does n't mean you do n't have to find a proper source . 
  or they just want to be a good citizen and make sure their opinions are based on fact , and not just things people are saying on reddit . 
  again , the statements are probably all correct , so why this siege mentality ? 
  you 're free to close reddit and go do other things at any time , but you seem to care about promoting sanders . 
  i felt like pointing out that your comment really did the opposite . 
  imagine the following chain of event :, 
  * a trump supporter presents a story about something bad that ted cruz did or whatever .
