   there is still no mandatory cs education until mid teens for example even though it should be common sense by now that it 's the best chance to prepare children for highly demanded high skill labor in the cs sector . 
  norwegian here . 
  you basically can not get cs education * at all * until university level here . 
  you have no idea how much i envy you . 
  ` murica . 
  has anyone ever made a compiler that * actually * sings sea shanties in spanish whenever it encounters undefined behaviour ? 
  it would be interesting to see how many microseconds of execution most software would last . 
  with large numbers you generally do n't need unsigned numbers anymore though , certainly not for code that trivial . 
  try using a hard drive again . 
  you 'll appreciate it then . 
  a little outdated , but otherwise fantastic map :, 
  do you have a bank pin ? 
  my friends and i once built a 1200 block rail just to get villagers to our remote island . 
  if you need them , you need them . 
  for those curious , there are actually 6 penguins , all in the south wall . 
  they are :, 
  * barrel ( 1 point ) , from port khazard, 
  * rock ( 1 point ) , from rellekka, 
  * rock ( 1 point ) , from witchhaven, 
  * rock ( 2 points ) , from castle wars, 
  * bush ( 1 point ) , from castle wars, 
  * bush ( 2 points ) , from feldip hills, 
  in total , they are worth 14k exp for a lv 70 skill , well worth the trip !, 
  also , kudos to the person who managed to lead one all the way from rellekka !, 
  funny examine texts was one of the things that made me fall in love with runescape in the first place , it makes me so sad to see new areas where half the objects do n't even have an examine option . 
  come on jagex , do n't get lazy with this !, 
  huh ? 
  the 750ti is far better at both performance/mm ^ 2 and watt/mm ^ 2 than the kepler cards , there is absolutly no technical reason why they could n't make a great titan-sized gpu from it . 
  if they do , they would pretty much have to make a whole series of 28nm maxwell cards though , but that 's not all too unlikely given that tsmc 20nm still seems to be far out . 
  thank you for bringing this up . 
  as a casual ftb player who just likes to play with friends once in a while , finding documentation can be an absolute nightmare . 
  if your mod has no in-game documentation , and i have to go through a couple of forums posts and youtube videos ( i hate those ) before i find something useful , * i will most likely never play your mod . 
  * the mod developers do an amazing job creating all these fantastic mods , but it 's really sad when you just end up giving up because you ca n't get an overview of how everything works . 
  that was a great read , thank you . 
  you should make it a separate post . 
  dx and the engines can scale to 4k just fine ; if you look at how single gpus perform , their performance decreases pretty much linearly as you increase resolution towards 4k . 
  i.e. , 1080p runs with 4 times the framerate of 4k . 
  it seems to be mostly down to multi-gpu scaling at this point , making all those 25 billion transistors work together efficiently is just an absolutely massive engineering challenge , made more complicated by the latency and bandwidth constraints between the gpus . 
  hopefully it will keep getting better with time , but good 4-way cf/sli scaling is still far out . 
  given that getting a new account costs them $ 75 , i do n't think it takes much to seriously discourage it . 
  hell , if the botters buy new accounts , it might even be profitable to ban them . 
  when you are learning norwegian , you 'll be learning bokm\u00e5l unless otherwise specified . 
  it 's the variant used by around 85-90 % of the population , and it 's the closest to the dialect spoken around oslo , which is the one usually taught to foreign students . 
  there 's no server in europe ? 
  wow . 
  yeah , i 'm not buying this game , fuck 200 + ping . 
  that 's what the presets are for . 
  or just do n't go into the customization menu at all . 
  nvidia could release a maxwell series on the same node , it has significant improvements on power efficiency , and also improves performance/mm ^ 2 . 
  if you look at how well the 750ti performed , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to imagine a 780ti-sized gpu with 10-20 % more performance and 20 % lower power . 
  alternatively go even larger ( 28nm is very , very mature by now !, 
  ) , and keep power constant . 
  it wo n't make 4k playable , but i think we could still see significant improvements on 28nm . 
  i do n't think ssds really count , not because they 're not processors , but the ssd revolution did n't really happen in one generation . 
  besides the cost , they had huge problems for a long time , like horrible random write speeds and significant performance degradation . 
  sure , if you went from a high-end ( 10k rpm ) 2006 hard drive to a 2011 ssd , your world would be rocked , but the same could be said for 1996-2001 for cpus and many other things . 
  [ poe 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ), 
  sooo ... no snapshot today then ? 
  although it 's getting late , i was really just asking the question . 
  still hopeful though . 
  which option is it that actually makes floating islands so common ? 
  they look awesome here , but in mountain worlds they can be very immersion-breaking . 
  i wonder if it 's possible to make them less common . 
  not sure why you getting downvoted , i do n't buy it either . 
  you 'd have to be pretty incompetent to not discover and fix a `` bug '' that aoe can hit unlimited targets , given what a huge impact it has for every aspect of gameplay . 
  which setting is it that makes those floating chunks of land ? 
  you mean like java ? 
  looks like jagex is finally thinking about keeping players in the long term !, 
  failed exams = unemployment = more rs-playing . 
  not after bonds . 
  how do you get this title ? 
  i could n't find it on the wiki . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  no tears of guthix ? 
  that 's 50k exp per week if you 've done a lot of quests . 
  1m free exp after 4 months is pretty sweet . 
  and then one day , scenes like this will be posted sarcastically like the gta v post . 
  1 petabyte of writes ( the 960gb model in the article is only rated for 665tb ) is not much at all in a write-heavy database scenario . 
  if the drive is writing 500mb/s 24/7 , which is actually the case for many applications , it will reach 1pb after only three weeks . 
  even if it only writes data 1/10 of the time , it will hit that mark after 7 months . 
  this will only be useful for applications that need very fast reads but do n't write much . 
  web apps storing pictures and thumbnails perhaps ? 
  i 'm sure someone will buy them , anyway . 
  i 've used around 20 . 
  it 's a miracle i still have my streak . 
  would n't it be worth it though ? 
  is he even in the chart ? 
  i ca n't find him . 
  also , how about driving his hands through the blade ? 
  that line is a hazy one ... 
  umm , pretty sure more than 8 % of steam users have a sandy bridge/ivy bridge cpu . 
  lots of people probably have steam on their non-gaming laptops with integrated graphics , just to play non-intensive games once in a while . 
   it is now possible to collect all grand exchange offers at once , either to the bank or the inventory . 
  thank you , this is going to make my life a lot easier . 
  it would be nicer to have the button in the grand exchange interface itself though , since now we still have to suffer through the two-tick delay of closing ge and opening the bank interface . 
  every game-engine , especially ones that are that old , is full of performance hacks like that . 
  there always comes a point where the good-looking , clear code solution does n't perform as well as the ugly hack . 
  it 's more about assessing where those hacks are really neccessary , and of course , hacks have different levels of ugly . 
  if only moore 's law applied to software too ... 
  not a single frame of gameplay , and this still made me more excited than any trailer has made me in a long time .
