  yes , it lays out several possible scenarios so that they 'll be right at least with one . 
  but the discussions and theories are still interesting , and we just plain like to get excited about the hardware we will/might have in the future . 
  if you 're just interested in the actual releases , then move along , nothing to see here . 
  wrong . 
  amd has been at 28nm since early 2012 , [ and in fact got it to market before nvidia ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/show/5261/amd-radeon-hd-7970-review ) . 
  the differences in die size discussed here are due to differences in the architecture , not manufacturing process . 
  they did n't really need to cut the prices , since they were generally considered to be ahead on performance / $ already . 
  but they went ahead and did it anyway . 
  thanks , amd !, 
  out of curiousity , how many duolingo points have you gathered ? 
  it 's a lot like the word `` terrorist '' in the us , really . 
  i guess it 's always a bit optimistic to think that such a big corporation lowers prices just to be nice . 
  but it 's always great when the industry moves forward . 
  well , it 's max detail in 4k with 4xmsaa enabled . 
  not sure why they think anything beyond basic aa could ever be a good idea in 4k . 
  without that they would probably get very close to 60hz , which is pretty damn good imo . 
  disregarding the fact that you never answered op 's question ... 
   a black hole with the mass of the sun could n't exist . 
  this is completely incorrect and extremely narrow-minded . 
  a black hole of this size could absolutely exist and be completely stable . 
  a black hole with the mass of the sun just could n't * form through the collapse of a star under current models . 
  however , there are many hypotheses that postulate much smaller [ primodrial black holes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primordial_black_hole ) , black holes holes formed during the early stages of the big bang . 
  some have even proposed that dark matter is really just many small black holes gathered in our galaxy . 
  black holes are by definition extremely hard to detect , which would explain why we have n't observed them yet . 
  regardless , ops question was hypothetical , so whether such a black hole could form naturally is really not that relelvant . 
  but learning words like `` shark '' and `` whale '' is obviously essential when starting a language . 
  he was just pointing out that this was the same price cut , so people woul n't think the price had been lowered twice . 
  no need to get all aggressive . 
   tsmc 's 20nm process has been a strange one , at present only one version of this process is available which can be used to make low cost mobile chips . 
  tsmc has a 20nm process ? 
  can anyone confirm this ? 
  does this happen in a separate thread ? 
  good to know . 
  hopefully that means no performance loss when running on a quad core , since minecraft rarely uses more than a core or two . 
  it 's actually not really an analogy , it 's exactly how ( very basic ) compression works . 
  i 'd call it a simplified explanation . 
  that 's not what a quantum computer is . 
  a quantum computer is a whole new way of doing massive , parallel computing , a classical computer is still a classical computer even if it operates on individual atoms . 
  i often prefer the default look too , but this post doesnt even highlight the greatest difference on consoles . 
  render distance is far more important imo , and last-gen consoles are stuck with `` short '' ( 8 chunks ) of rendering , while any shitty laptop bought in the last three years can handle `` far '' ( 16 chunks ) , at least with 30 fps . 
  8 chunks of render distance just completely ruins the immersion . 
  ranged is quite a different beast ... 
  hyperthreading has been around for well over a decade , no modern os would ever fuck up something so fundamental . 
  i was just asking since i am curious about how much points it takes to reach higher levels . 
  could you look at how many points it took to reach your curret level , and how many is it for next level ? 
  thanks !, 
  i am just curious about the progression really . 
   not that it is n't a nice gamificaion feature . 
  you get 60hz cable ? 
  what are the system reqs for that ? 
  sounds pretty massive for my aging rig . 
  it 's a shame that most servers still use punkbuster . 
  i can barely remember the last time i saw a cheater , and pb does n't really work against them anyway . 
  it just causes a ton of headache for legitime players , in addition to the etlegacy players . 
  ahh , one small favour . 
  never again . 
  report it , a lot of those do get fixed . 
  you should x-post this to / r/dataisbeautiful , i think they would appreciate it . 
  you really need to post the exact gpu model and driver version for it to be helpful . 
  in general , upgrade your drivers people !, 
  dude , it 's 0.5-1 .5 ms. 
  that 's 1/1000 of a second . 
  like 1/15 of a frame at 60fps . 
  your tv probably adds over 50ms alone . 
  i think it 'll be fine . 
  his tearing issues also sound like they are caused by a slow host pc , i ofc ca n't know for sure . 
  but there 's no reason why the wifi would slow down while in fullscreen games . 
  huh ? 
  they 're essentially the same thing . 
  what matters is the time it takes from your fingers press a button till the pixels light up on the screen . 
  yes , compression may add a lot of latency , but it can be anywhere from 10ms and upwards . 
  it also takes a lot of cpu and gpu power . 
  are you sure you are doing compression at all though ? 
  uncompressed 1080@30hz is `` only '' 62mb per second , which seems just within what your wifi could handle , minus any protocol overhead . 
  you also do n't have to spend all the extra processing power . 
  i do n't know how it 's implemented though , i never tried it myself since my router is crap anyway . 
  i think it was just a general complaint about its community . 
  which be jokingly says was probably because they all were tired from arguing about its whitespace policy . 
  to be fair , the expected release date in the incubator has been `` tomorrow '' every day for two weeks . 
  but hey , one day it 's gon na be true . 
  enchanting tables can enchant at max level with only 15 nearby bookcases now . 
  god i wish jagex were still making as clever examine texts . 
  most new things addes in eoc are n't even examineable . 
  if any sizeable server did this it would be discovered right away . 
  not everyone checks the checksums , but once one person does , the cat is out of the bag . 
  i really hope they will add it . 
  they call it a functional langyage , which is probably justifiable , but it wo n't really feel that way until you can write the classic recursive factorial function , and have it run well . 
  when you have to carefully consider whether every single function will blow the stack with a certain input if written recursively , it 's very easy to just go for the typical imperative style . 
  lots of sexy persian girls though . 
   we have a special term for them, 
  of course you do . 
  intel stopped making single cores for the desktop a long time ago , celerons have two cores now . 
  the table still only applies to desktop , you should specify that . 
  wow . 
  it had +20 last time i checked . 
  well done reddit . 
  a pun that 's also true . 
  well played . 
  i feel like i 'm missing something here ... what exactly is this ? 
  except a pixelated world map .
