  wo n't this potentially impact the quality of the standard library ? 
  the java standard library ( and i 'm sure every other ) is filled with ugly code from before enums , generics , option types , etc , that could clearly have been much nicer with these newer language features . 
  some of it has been sorta kinda patched over , but all the old stuff is left behind for backwards compatibility . 
  it 's a bit of a mess in some places , and certainly inconsistent and inelegant . 
  i 'm worried the same will happen to rust , inheritence being a pretty big language feature after all . 
  this an amazing picture , but icelandic scenary just is n't the same without a name in the title . 
  i looked up your comment , and it only had a single upvote . 
  the lack of brigading disappoints me . 
  is this post satirical ? 
  it looks nice and all , but certainly not `` vast '' . 
  i really wish he had done some objective testing on frame time consistency , input lag , etc , instead of just vaguely commenting on it . 
  they are the biggest caveats of sli ( especially three-way sli ) for me , but i ca n't really decide on my opinion without good data to quantify it . 
   the risk of birth defects between cousins is about the same as the risk of birth defects having children when you 're 40 or older . 
  it 's a very small increase in risk . 
  small increase ? 
  the risk of having severe birth defects * skyrockets * after 40 . 
  one noteworthy example is down 's syndrome , where the risk increases by over an order of magnitude between 30 and 40 , and keeps increasing afterwards . 
  i remember always having to go for the 76 sweet-spot , because that was the most my computer could reliably handle . 
  i should go play those again . 
  8k @ 2 * 10 ^ 43 is the next frontier . 
  youtube was already pretty big in 2006 . 
  it was probably there . 
  i know this is satirical , but english would be so much more consistent and easy to learn with the changes up until to the third year . 
  seriously , when reading it it just makes so much more sense . 
  the changes from the fourth year onwards , however , are pretty dumb . 
  `` th '' and `` z '' represent different phonomes ( `` th '' actually represents two ) , so having separate letters for them is very useful . 
  same with `` w '' and `` v '' . 
  the same can be said for replacing `` ou '' with `` o '' , because `` ou '' usually represents a different phoneme from `` o '' . 
  this due to a bunch of reasons , many historical ones , but fundamentally , english actually has way too few vowels in its written language : only 6 ( if counting y ) compared to the around 20 phonemes in the spoken langauge . 
  so people need to use all the weird vowel groups and other rules to make up for it . 
  imo , using diacritics ( like , for instance , german ) or introducing new letters entirely ( scandinavian languages ) is a much better solution . 
  that said , no language has perfect orthography , but of the languages i 'm familiar with , english comes high on the list of those who could use some modernization in the orthography . 
  especially since most of its speakers are learning it as a second language , and have limited time for studying it . 
  yes . 
  it 's shorter and not as varied , but a lot of people still think it 's better than the sequel . 
  i prefer portal 2 personally , but portal 1 is still one of the best story/linear gaming experiences i 've ever had . 
  it does boot though , at least for me . 
  the abysmal performance still makes it unplayable though . 
  site seems to be down , anyone got a mirror ? 
  why did n't you just demolish the stairs and break the bed ? 
  not really , not if you get the other three right !, 
  how is this war of mine on linux ? 
  is it a native port with good performance ? 
  i heard it had some problems on launch . 
  if he only had one floor , he 'd be raided by glitchers clipping through foundations in a heartbeat . 
  go high or go home . 
  where did you get 150w from ? 
  i have 1080p on my 13 '' laptop , which is * okay , * but it 's still very easy to see the aliasing , especially compared to 300 + ppi phones and tablets . 
  1440p would certainly be a lot better , but i wo n't be happy until we reach 4k tbh . 
  running windows with 2x scaling will be glorious . 
  i have used windows scaling for 6 months , and i 've had nearly no trouble . 
  even eclipse supports it now . 
  firefox ( except flash ) has supported it perfectly for almost two years . 
  it 's come a long , long way . 
  still wrong . 
  the definition of `` fit '' is just changing . 
  are you sure your ssd is functioning correctly ? 
  since i came here half an hour too late , how do i fix this ? 
  flax picking : runescape 's mcdonald 's jobs . 
  protip : in rs chat , the letters have a one-pixel black bar underneath them . 
  add that , and it looks exactly like real rs chat . 
  thank you . 
  as someone who recently started playing rust , the interface hotkeys are really awful and counterintuitive . 
  does escape close it ? 
  does tab do it ? 
  same key as i used to open it ? 
  it seems completely arbitrary to me , and having to learn all the quirks is surprisingly annoying . 
  on a similar note , please fix inventory and chest management . 
  drag-and-drop may seem fine when you are testing the game with 120 fps , 0 ms ping and absolutely no server lag , but if you are not so fortunate it does * not * work well . 
  a simple deposit-stack hotkey would bring the game so much closer to playability . 
  you can do that much more easily if you try to drag 9800 off your 10k stack instead . 
  you 'll be left with around 200 wood , which is easy to split into 60 . 
  worst case , you need one more split . 
  my main gripe about the inventory/item container system is that it needs to pause and check with the server every time you drag/drop something , meaning it 's incredibly frustrating when you really just want to move some stuff around quickly . 
  dragging/dropping being the only way to deposit to/withdraw from item containers is just retarded , because it could be fixed so easily with a hotkey . 
  now if only we could have a cable under the north sea ... 
  dammit ... 
  i 've been running linux for three months now , trying my best to avoid flash . 
  looks like i might finally cave . 
  with 0 tabs ? 
  64-bit apps generally use * more * memory , so forgive me for being sceptical . 
  sure they 're funny , but boy are they annoying when you 're looking for actually useful information about the sentence . 
  except the main purpose of reddit * is * funny comments . 
  you go to duolingo when you want to learn stuff . 
  he also mentions him again around 41:50 , when talking about chess computers and databases in the q&a . 
  those still do n't have decimal points . 
  they would be very useful to see . 
  i actually do n't mind deers and boars being difficult to kill , it encourages corporation , and is certainly more realistic than being able to run up to them with a stone and bash them to death . 
  the problem is right now is that killing deer or boar in melee is an absolute requirement to get anywhere in the game . 
  i 'd rather see it fixed by moving hunting to slightly later in the game , by either adding a secondary source of cloth , allowing furnaces to be made without cloth , or ( my favorite ) making bows not require cloth . 
  the grind to find cloth in the beginning is by far the most annoying part of the game imo , and often just makes me give up when entering a server that is not freshly wiped , even when playing with other people . 
  as an added touch , make arrows craftable with bone fragments instead of stone . 
  this is very realistic , and with the added advantage that you need to kill * something * to fire a bow , not just go into the desert and get everything you need . 
  type `` fps.graph true '' in console . 
  or even worse ... 
  * knockback !, 
  he has one already , it 's a rare drop from tribesmen . 
  you 're still playing players who are rated around and below you , are n't you ? 
  check out how many games they 've played , i bet most of them have still played more games than you . 
  gta iv on pc was also very late , although the game was * fine * , it was n't exactly a spectacular pc port .
