  yes , yes , ie6 was near-ubiquitous at the time , but no one in their right mind thought that would last forever . 
  ctrl + shift + r does the same in firefox and chrome , but without having to stretch your hand so far . 
  -359 comment karma . 
  checks outs . 
  raid 0 sata 3 ssd maxes out at just around 9-10 gbps . 
  you 'd need quite a few of those to fill that 1tbps . 
  yes , your sata 3 connector is definitely the problem . 
  not really a problem in `` normal '' gameplay , since magma cubes only exist in the nether and water only exists in the overworld . 
  sometimes . 
  i 've been looking for a light laptop around the $ 800 range lately , and it has really made me realize just how much laptops suck these days . 
  my last laptop had the usual shitty 1366x768 tn screen , and i refuse to live with that for another 4 years . 
  but for some reason , 1600x900 or higher on an ips screen seems nearly impossible to come by , at least where i live . 
  the pixel density race can not come to laptops fast enough . 
  i 've been considering a zenbook , but a buy is made more complicated by the fact that norwegian resellers like to put new screens in the laptops without documenting the specs anywhere . 
  samsung 9 series might me a little out of my budget , and rmbp cerainly is , although i can stretch my budget if i can get a good deal . 
   price at intro :  $ 5000 ? 
  gives me hope that intel might still put some money into improving the core microarchitecture . 
  edit : i was referring to improvements for desktops and other high-tdp models ; on the mobile fronts intel is indeed making huge advances . 
  i should have clarified , i was talking about high-powered models like desktops and servers , and not mobile . 
  intel 's ulv processors have indeed improved immensely in the last three years , especially with haswell . 
  desktops have definitely taken the back seat though , 21 % improvement from sandy bridge is a very optimistic figure , and even 21 % in three years is n't rocking anyone 's world . 
  it 's a lot less than what they could have gotten if all their efforts were n't focused on reducing power comsumption around the 1.5 ghz area . 
  you are still comparing apples to oranges , and there are a lot of technical reasons why cpus are more expensive per transistor across the board . 
  ( and price/transistor is still a fundamentally flawed comparison ), 
  this particularly large discrepancy in this case though , has a lot to do with simple economics of scale . 
  in the semiconductor industry , volume is everything , because once you have everything ready , manufacturing a single chip does n't really cost very much . 
  it 's the r&d , it 's the building of new fabs every two years , and also patterning cost which you touched on , that makes computer chips expensive . 
  now , amd is going to hundreds of thousand of that card , while intel needs to get its r&d money back from a much smaller costumer base . 
  hence they need more money from each costumer . 
  oh , and there 's also a simpler reason . 
  intel charges $ 5000 because they can . 
  companies that need the very best , will be willing to pay for the very best . 
  intel can then use this profit to lower prices in the more competitive markets , such as ultrabooks and tablets . 
  amd is already in a very competitive market , and does n't have that luxery . 
  i had actually hoped they had abandoned that . 
  firefox is now the only browser that handles 50 + well ( or at all ) , it would be sad to see that when it needs 50 processes that each have 30 threads and 50mb memory overhead . 
  dpi scaling actually works fairly well now . 
  all the default apps work well with it , and so does firefox . 
  some programs might be blurry but it 's not any worse than it would be with 1366x768 . 
  irrelevant username ? 
  anyone got a tl ; dw of how the display actually works ? 
  thanks for the quick reply , it looks like i 'll have to look more closely into this . 
  this mechanism was far more complex than i had hoped for though , does this mean that the duration of a redstone pulse from a torch must be regarded as essentially undefined for large circuits ? 
  it seems pretty hopeless to try to build a computer from something that unreliable . 
  everything i 've built so far is based on redstone torch nand gates , so i guess it 'll mostly have to be scrapped . 
  i have n't learned much of the new 1.5 redstone stuff though , is there a new magic way to build fast-switching logic gates now ? 
  one minute ? 
  i have my game on an old 500gb hard drive , and except when first starting the game , it never takes more than a few seconds . 
  my friend 's xbox , on the other hand ... 
  it 's more the fact that it gave them an excuse to up the prices further . 
  perhaps the fire also gave the investors a bit of a scare , and they needed some profits to make them happy . 
  but minor fire damage at a single fab to a single company should n't cause long-lasting price increases like this . 
  well , redstone and coal blocks pretty much obsoleted that argument . 
  better than having to re-mine those three stacks of redstone ores . 
  upvote for the tutorial island reference . 
  i do n't have a primary source , but the $ 29k figure is probably a bit misleading . 
  it just said the average among `` students who owed '' , not `` students at the moment they graduate '' . 
  i 'm guessing that number would be somewhat higher . 
  also a lot of people get partial support from their parents . 
  i feel the pain . 
  those mistakes are already common in norwegian , often with ambiguous or just plain comical results . 
  i do n't get why it 's so hard , usually the words are clearly spoken as one word ; why even think about adding that extra keystroke . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , how can the backend even be a significant problem on a site that is pretty much only static content ? 
  i could expect it to break down from bandwidth overload , but that would be the same whether it 's written in ruby or c. 
  do most ides support dpi scaling as well ? 
  150 % scaling on a 4k screen would be amazing . 
  it had something even worse though - a non-animated gif . 
  dithering artifacts , we meet again . 
  feels like it 's being reddit hugged already , it took 10 seconds to, 
  parse my `` int i = 0 ; '', 
  am i the only one who thought that was a really cool effect ? 
  the best thing is , you can do it to any pictures you upload anywhere and the effect would stay , no need for any javascript tinkering . 
  i could so see this becoming a social media trend . 
  thanks for the response . 
  the 3ms number was really just a random one that i took , i 've never looked into input lag beyond manufacturing specs . 
  i do n't play that many fast-paced games , and 5ms here and there just did n't seem so important anyway . 
  i tried not to bring v-sync into the discussion fearing that it would make everyone would forget the rest of my question , but it 's certainly really relevant . 
  but would it possible to run vsync , but render two frames per screen refresh instead of one ? 
  it appears to me to offer the best of both worlds , reducing input lag while also avoiding tear lines . 
  for the low-end ones , usb2 is certainly a bottleneck . 
  for webcams without any internal video compression , which includes all cheap ones , you have to send uncompressed video across the usb cable , which is already 27mb/s if running at 720p@10hz . 
  proper compression on the cpu/gpu can cut nearly two orders of magnitude off that , which is a perfectly reasonable amount to stream for a lot of people . 
  sadly , usb3 webcams do n't really exist yet , as all good webcams compress their video internally instead . 
  i do n't know if that includes the cameras you were looking at , since you did n't really specify a price range . 
  but even fairly trivial compression can divide the size by 10 without losing too much quality , and suddenly usb2 works fine . 
  maybe widespread usb3 support will arrive when usb3 is ubiquitous . 
  this literally made me laugh out loud . 
  europe is larger , and i 'd argue far more diverse . 
  nearly no non-politicians identify as europeans , they all identify themselves with smaller cultures and with other languages , sometimes with accompanying distrust for others . 
  not 70 years ago the whole continent was at war with itself , and the major countries have been in and out of wars with each other for a millenium before that . 
  i have faith that a single european community will slowly grow forth , much like it did in the us after its creation , but the us is still 150 years ahead . 
  unless you are willing to drop $ 400 or more on haswell-e processors , ddr4 is still far away . 
  mainstream support wo n't arrive until skylake in q2 2015 at the earliest , and probably not until much later in 2015 . 
  besides , the performance upgrade is n't going to be very big , as it 's mostly for servers . 
  gpus are far more interesting , as both amd and nvidia are expected to launch new 20nm gpus this year , which will be a huge performance boost . 
  it 's been well over two years since amd launched on 28nm , so we 're already late . 
  however , no official announcement has been made , and the rumour mill has been uncannily silent , so i 'd be very surprised if anything gets released in the next three months , and it will probably be more . 
  overall , i 'd say buy now , there is nothing waiting just around the corner . 
  ddr3 prices may or may not come down a bit due to market fluctuations , but that 's very unpredictable . 
  advances in process technology always bring costs in the long run , but when it comes to memory , random market fluctuations usually overshadow the effect in the short term .
