  doing proper text scaling is * not * that hard . 
  after all these years , skill/item icons still look like crap with ui zoom , which you need to do on any modern screen resolution . 
  how did they not include higher res versions of all the icons ? 
  dude , this has always been possible ... like , since boats were first released . 
   the 10 gaming servers are split ( or will be soon ) five in the usa and five in europe :, 
  has turbine confirmed that the eu servers will be physically located in europe ? 
  i ca n't find this information anywhere , but it 's really important to me for deciding where to play . 
  i like low pings . 
  not sure what he 's talking about tbh , both have tons of content around that level and are great leveling zones . 
  this . 
  to add insult to injury , if you regain your connection not-quite-fast-enough , you will reconnect to the chat server and be able to chat , but the game will * still * kick you out shortly afterwards . 
  terrible programming . 
  source ? 
  a nvidia linux driver crashing because of a hardware bug seems so , so much less likely than a software bug . 
  nope , that one does n't work either . 
   g2a, 
  not really , actually . 
  dale and dell are you * cognates * ( cousin-words , if you will ) with old norse dalr , but it 's incorrect to say they are of norse * origin * . 
  the words developed independently from proto-germanic . 
  you forgot to mention how hard skeletons are to kill now . 
  it really makes hardcore mode significantly more difficult . 
  are these kinds of optimizations something we basically need to rely on llvm to do , or is it reasonable for the rust compiler to do them ? 
  wow , that was actually an extremely interesting post . 
  made me instantly respect the hell out of the developers . 
  wow , people sell them for 30s ? 
  not even worth the effort of putting it on the ah . 
  at this point , i do n't think they had any plans for a eu datacenter in the first place . 
  i came back to the game two months ago and have put over 100 hours in it since , but now i just feel sick with the whole game . 
  when your main is a warden , you need low latency , and now i 'll simply never get it . 
   comparatively , the minimum fiber speed between new jersey and amsterdam is about 32ms, 
  that 's probably just one way , but you generally measure latency both ways . 
  * light * takes 39.1 ms to go both ways , and the upper limit with current fiber layout is presumably well below that , so the best-case ping to amsterdam is certainly not 32ms . 
   i don \u00b4 t think any warden out there requires a 50ms or even better , to be good at it . 
  it 's 50ms ( or more ) on top of normal latency . 
  that 's 50ms slower for each gambit builder , and also higher risk of a packet being delayed/lost , which can throw out my entire gambit line . 
  it means i simply ca n't ever be as good as someone who lives in the us , no matter how much i develop my character . 
  you can see how that makes the whole game less tempting to play . 
  not this again . 
  hard drives may not seem as exciting to you , but it 's still a market worth billions of dollars , and it will continue to be for many years . 
  as long as they get good return on investment , they will and should keep putting resources into it . 
  ssds are great , but they 're far away from matching hard drives in price/gb . 
  people keep forgetting that for some reason . 
  also keep in mind that the top engine move is not necessarily * the * best move . 
  engines are really good , but certainly not perfect . 
  you can see this easily from how much an engine evaluation can change if you let it run for a while . 
  why would you put a spoiler tag * after * giving the spoiler ? 
  does n't seem like a very reliable rumour to be honest . 
  not using hbm for a flagship card a year after amd launched theirs seems unlikely by itself , but nvidia instead having gddr5x * before * volume production has even started just seems ridiculous to me . 
  there 's lots of complete beginners on www.online-go.com nowadays . 
  if you look through your games afterwards to try to find your mistakes , you 'll be winning games within an hour or two . 
   i 'm pretty sure the rules and scoring are just made up, 
  well , they are . 
  yep it 's a good time to be a beginner at go . 
  alphago uses an algorithm called monte carlo tree search , which is based on trying out literally random moves , then trying out random responses , and seeing which move sequences lead to good results . 
  alphago uses machine learning and other tricks to improve this search , but it 's still all monte carlo randomness underneath . 
  if you give it a position where there are no clear candidate moves to play ( very often the case in go ) and run it 5 times , it might perfectly well play 5 different moves . 
  i ca n't really comment on go , but in chess this is absolutely not the case . 
  ais can calculate deeper with more time , but humans use the extra time, 
  so so much better . 
  i think it mostly boils down to humans making much less obvious or less-obvious mistakes when they get more time to think . 
  with a few minutes per move , humans always slip once or twice a game , even if they are not significant to the result . 
  haswell also had 8 execution units , if that 's what you are referring to . 
  also clock-for-clock performance improvements were generally very small . 
  africa is actually 14 times bigger . 
  people who have non-dx11 gpus ca n't play the game for performance reasons anyway , no need to pretend the game is playable on older gpus . 
  this comment is 10 years too early to be popular . 
   ever since 28nm , cost per gate has been increasing . 
  does this mean that 16/14nm chips are not actually cheaper to produce than equivalent 28nm chips ? 
  this thread has become a great overview of all the little fixes the game needs . 
  squad should be taking notes . 
   to me this behavior is what encourages companies to push out small , incremental upgrades year after year . 
  what would you rather have them do ? 
  in many places , it goes deeper than that . 
  think about the syntax for calling methods in most oop languages , like string.startswith ( foo ) , or anything else . 
  this reads extremely well for english speakers , because it uses the same subject-verb-object word order . 
  what if your native language uses object-subject-verb ? 
  subject-object-verb ? 
  at least if you speak in verb-subject-object , lisp will make sense to you . 
  you can make similar arguments for many other language constructs . 
  what if your native language does n't even have a word for `` if '' ? 
  what if you have no word for `` to be '' ? 
  switching language is so much more than just switching words . 
   modern widely used languages, 
  the thing is , it does n't really make sense to talk about some natural languages as being `` modern '' . 
  languages around the world are evolving in all kinds of weird directions , like they always have . 
  i suspect you really mean `` western langauges '' like english , spanish , german , etc , which are closely related and quite similar to each other . 
  but native speakers of these languages only comprise a small fraction of the world population , and labeling them as the `` modern '' languages is pretty arrogant . 
  haskell noob here , what 's wrong with foldl ? 
  so , does that mean you got vac ` ed or not ? 
  answering a negative question with just yes/no is always a bit ambiguous . 
  as long as the title correctly says `` according to nvidia '' , there is nothing wrong with the news tag . 
  least secure according to whom ? 
  [ original video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3418sewzfq ) not sure why you posted a pure re-upload with much lower quality . 
  they make the operating system , which is what counts . 
  the reverse is unfortunately not always true . 
  regular caves and ravines get filled with lava below level 11 , yes , but special structures such as mineshafts and dungeons still spawn normally . 
  so , umm , source ? 
   you ca n't compare the ram from then to the ram from now . 
  actually , for practical purposes , they 're almost identical .
