  tbh i 'm already really confused by the `` gold ingot as reddit gold '' - thingie, 
  as cool as biome-dependant creepers may seem , the thought of having two-legged kamikaze-chameleons wandering around my world is truly horrifying . 
  i 'll never play on hardcore again . 
  for the curious : [ rube goldberg machine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rube_goldberg_machine ), 
  this is basicly all of / r/minecraft captured in one thread . 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1932156-152-162-atg-alternate-terrain-generation/ ), 
  it looks incredible , i think i 'm gon na try this out, 
  refactor does n't mean that . 
  it just means that you are reorganizing/rewriting old code to make it more readable , efficient and expandable . 
  of course , you usually refactor because you need to do something new with the code , so it 's a good sign . 
  but the size of the refactor does n't have to mean anything . 
  you need to provide the actual link , dear . 
  i just walk in a directon , and maybe circle a bit so i do n't get too far from my home . 
  nothing fancy . 
  if you have a poor sense of direction , write down the coordinates of your house . 
  if you get lost , just follow them to get back . 
  or if you consider that cheating , get a [ compass ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/compass ) . 
  also , get a horse  make exploration a breeze . 
  pretty much this . 
  a minecraft world never gets finished , the terrain generator just makes it outdated . 
  so if you like modpacks like me , that 's about every week . 
  do n't do this . 
  unless your computer is bogged down by other processes , it will not help , and it will prevent anything else from simultaniously running on your computer . 
  at best , this prevents you frem redditing etc while playing , and it can easily cause instability and just problems . 
  try starting minecraft with more memory ( like 4 gb ) , and maybe reduce the render distance if you are okay with that . 
  if nothing works , then you 'll have to suffer through those horrible 256x256 packs , 
  as far as i can see , all the rivers still float into an occean ? 
  i really hope they wo n't remove this , i liked that you could just follow a river and always end up in an occean . 
  did you not find anything that looked like completely new biomes though ? 
  that 's really what we are all wanting to see . 
  great post though . 
  i ca n't wait for this update . 
  muted rain < 3 now i can finally move out of my deserts and taigas . 
  this is a fantastic initiative . 
  the world needs to see that the alternative to fossil fuels is n't nuclear meltdowns , skyrocketing energy prices or frequent power outages . 
  with the right technology , safe , renewable energy can be just as good or better . 
  edit : i did not mean to say that nuclear power in unsafe , i am a big proponent of it myself . 
  however , a lot of people are just plain scared of it , especially after the fukushima disaster - it 's going to take a while to erease the images of the burning plant from people 's minds . 
  therefore , i think we need to mostly look at other renewable energy sources if we want to completely replace fossil fuels , at least for the next 10-20 years until people start forgetting all the shit fission plants have caused over the years . 
  aaaand prepare to get downvoted to oblivion, 
  i agree that nuclear is a fantastic energy source , that is safe when used correctly . 
  however , a lot of * people * do n't view it that way , and that is a huge obstacle if we want nuclear to succeed . 
  i have updated my post to reflect this . 
  fuck , i think i 'd rather live there than in the irl versions . 
  maybe you should try using less memory ( 4-6 gb ) , letting it use too much memory can cause trouble on its own . 
  also , update your video card 's drivers if you have n't already . 
  nvidia drivers can be found [ here ] ( http://www.nvidia.com/download/index.aspx?lang=en-us ) . 
  chunk errors are always fun . 
  the opposite happened to me , one day my y = ~ 80 forest had a deep water-filled pit in it . 
  turns out a single chunk of occean biome had somehow made its way into my save . 
  pretty much all console games nowadays run on 30 fps . 
  so unless rockstar has suddenly invented a way for the consoles to run twice as fast , we 'll have to settle for 30 fps here too . 
  or wait for the pc version . 
  `` moses ' tablets had better graphics then this ! '', 
  i died . 
  i was reeeally hoping one of those sliders would be chests and doors . 
  ah , the noise !, 
  i still want the audio feedback when i place/break blocks though . 
  for some reason chest/door sounds are much louder than these . 
  because there are so many more current gens consoles in the world . 
  it was a purely economical decicion , the game ( at least the graphics and load times ) could have been made much better on next-gen . 
  with a little work you could turn the whole chunk into a magnificent castle, 
  wow . . that is some profound shit, 
  yes , it is expected to be the first consumer platform to support ddr4 , launching in h2 2014 . 
  mainstream support is expected with skylake in h2 2015 . 
  sources :, 
  [ haswell-e ] ( http://www.extremetech.com/computing/158824-haswell-e-to-offer-ddr4-support-up-to-eight-cores-in-2014 ), 
  [ skylake ] ( http://www.techpowerup.com/186615/intel-14-nanometer-skylake-platform-to-support-ddr4-pcie-4-0-sata-express.html ), 
  i 'm not sure when amd will change to ddr4 on its chipsets , but probably not long after . 
  for consumer desktops , i agree with you that ddr4 is n't very important , since memory bandwidth is not really a problem , and the minute power savings are irrelevant . 
  for ultrabooks running on intergrated graphics , memory bandwidth is a very real concern , since the gpu does n't ( usually ) have any dedicated memory . 
  with some power savings as an extra bonus , i can definitely see ddr4 as a welcome change in the ultrabook market . 
  i 'm not trying to hide the fact that servers , which is where intel gets most of its revenue , is what really benefits from ddr4 . 
  but consumers will get it whether we want it or not , so let 's look at the bright sides . 
  300mb/s is for each of the 4gb ( 500 mb ) * chips * . 
  each memory * module * , which is what you put in your computer , consists of many chips , and they can all be read from in parallel . 
  the 32gb modules in the article would consist of 64 chips , which would yield around 20 gb/s in a best-case scenario , a fair step over sata ssds . 
  looks amazing , i am definitely going to try this mod !, 
  one comment though , i think you should make the leaves in the trollshaws autumn-coloured , red and orange and stuff . 
  that 's how it was done in lotro , and for that sole reason it 's one of my favourite zones in the game . 
  absolutly . 
  if nothing else , play it for inspiration of how middle-earth can be designed . 
  that 's what kept me in the game too , just how * well * they built the world . 
  you can play it for free at first , and with some effort you can through moria and beyond without spending a dime . 
  i clicked the link , and then clicked straight back out . 
  there 's just no way that site can be a reliable source . 
  i came into this thread hoping to see some forgotten , quirky feature from the alpha days . 
  nope , it was just the weighed pressure plates from a few months ago . 
  love the casual , normal woods surrounding it . 
  good job not spilling lava on it during the build process . 
  and then a zombie siege spawns inside the village and kills all the villagers anyway, 
  the 4770k is built on the new haswell architecture , while the 4820k is built on the older and slower ivy bridge architecture . 
  in legacy single-threaded code , haswell is around 6-10 % faster per clock , so the 4770k will actually be marginally faster on most workloads . 
  in addition , buying haswell gives you all the advantages of having the latest and the greatest . 
  you get all the new instructions , like tsx , avx2 and fma3 , which can all yield huge performance improvements when taken advantage of . 
  you also get the new platform , whose advantages have been covered by the other comments . 
  and as you mentioned , the haswell part has a couple of extra bonuses , like much lower load & idle power consumption , and also a small graphics core in case your gpu dies and you have to wait a week for a new one . 
  do n't worry . 
  people sink hundreds of hours into making free mods , i am sure someone will spend the one hour it takes to set up that webpage , and then get rich from ads . 
  zombies have done that for a while now , both in villages and elsewhere .
