  we still do n't know if gta v will be any better . 
  just because you are used to much worse , does n't suddenly make a * one and a half year * delay acceptable . 
  i 'm not sure how you could do that , given that the 9800 gt 1 gb was released in july 2008 , only 6 1/2 years ago . 
  if you have a 8800 gtx , that 8 1/2 - year old card would have around the same compute performance i imagine , but having less vram tends to * really * hurt in new games . 
  i would n't get overexcited . 
  render distance 6-8 ? 
  lowest settings ? 
  your problem is clearly gpu performance , and these tips will do nothing for you . 
  if you have a dedicated graphics card , minecraft is probably not using it . 
  check the f3 screen in-game . 
  you might want to wait for the 960 to see how that does , all rumours point to a release later this month , and it will hopefully be around this price point . 
  otherwise , the r9 280 is probably faster , and buying into the 760 's three-year old architecture and feature set might also be something you regret one day . 
  does your laptop have a dedicated graphics card though ? 
  it 's not completely clear from those specs . 
  if you are running windows , enter the device manager ( just search for it in windows ) and look under `` display adapters '' . 
  if it just says intel hd 4000 , there 's not much you can do in terms of jvm arguments , your gpu is just not very fast . 
  make sure you have the latest drivers , are running 64-bit java , and that all power savings on your laptop are disabled . 
   the gtx 980 will blow past 250w in games . 
  you mean in non-games . 
  the gaming test shows the reference card consuming 185w , with the non-reference cards consuming even less . 
  deserts and ice deserts always look like this after a wipe . 
  they disappear afterwards quickly though . 
  [ non-potato quality . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qawrboziilo ), 
  skip to 0:42 for the exact same clip as op , i recommend watching the whole thing though . 
  great to hear , that bug has been keeping me off rust for a few weeks now . 
  the pirate bay would never have reached its current fame and popularity if its name had n't been constantly mentioned in the media . 
  for a site whose reason for existing pretty much * is * doing illegal stuff , all pr is great pr . 
  footnote : yes , a lot of people use the pirate bay for legitimate purposes , but out of all the downloads you 've done , how many do you * really * think the content creators were okay with ? 
  okay so i did n't really understand all of that , but maybe they jumped in through a window ? 
  rad town loot is simply not implemented yet . 
  lootable barrels sometimes spawn inside them , but it 's the same barrels with the same loot as everywhere else . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( http://www.rustafied.com/updates/2015/1/16/its-happening ), 
  they may have jumped onto your roof and then through your window from there . 
  it has happened to me before . 
  sigh ... will the prices ever go back to what they were ? 
   with 3-5 ppl you can take down 1 person with ak . 
  not really , it 's ridiculously easy to kill nakeds with a gun . 
  it 's not like they only need one stab either ; if the gunman has some armor and syringes they 're gon na need a lot of punches . 
  maybe 5 people could have a small chance in a dense forest , but in open terrain ( which is most terrain ) you would need an army to take him down . 
  only works if you 're online and at your base though , which probably is n't true most of the time . 
  if you 're offline your base is as easy to raid as any , but much more appealing . 
  hopefully those things will be sorted out once the rust code matures a bit more . 
  i did this . 
  they demolished my whole house instead . 
  yes !, 
  because of my less-than-ideal computer , i have to play rust in 768p , which makes things really hard/impossible to see from afar . 
  having anything less than 1440p is a huge gameplay disadvantage overall in this game , and this would go a long way towards remedying this . 
  ( apart from actually fixing the performance ! ), 
  you should n't need a beefy desktop just to able to play rust on roughly equal terms with everyone else . 
  this is a great idea and really in the spirit of rust . 
  people would probably just abuse it in the same way as rotating stairs though , by rotating the door so that the wooden bar faces outwards when they want to enter the house . 
  could be fixed by making barred doors un-rotatable i guess . 
  i think the clientside performance is still holding thousands of people from being regular rust players . 
  in a game like rust , having anything less than 1080p@60fps with decent render distance is a massive gameplay disadvantage . 
  for all those running 970 and 980 cards ; yes , i know this does n't concern you , but the average pc gamer does n't have that . 
  i meet lots of people who play from laptops , and they can barely do combat at all because of lag . 
  if performance could be brought even close to that of legacy , i think the 30k milestone would be hit within a few weeks . 
  although magnus was a common royal name in scandinavia in the middle ages , [ it 's actually of latin origin !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnus ) so if you want to go all-out scandinavian , the other suggestions here are what you want . 
  the majority of the servers are us based . 
  the pings in the server list are elevated because they are done while the server info is loading . 
  manually ping the servers , or connect to them and check the f1 screen , to see your actual ping . 
  your ping might also suck for another reason , like torrent downloads . 
  even if there are none at the moment , given that the new consoles have 8 gb of unified memory , it wo n't take long before it 's needed for console ports . 
  especially for higher resolutions , since the console games themselves will only ever run at 1080p and below . 
  you are right about the consoles . 
  however , console games run at  1080p , when running them at 1440p or 4k on pc they will need much more ram . 
  most recent rumors point to it being 20nm , which is even more likely now after all the delays . 
  28nm is extremely mature by now , so being almost a year behind nvidia in getting the new architecture out the door would just be too massive of a fuck-up by amd . 
  i find it far more likely that they 're waiting for tsmc to get 20nm in order . 
  the broadwell architecture 's performance is going to be within 5 % of haswell for the same clock speed in nearly all applications , so when comparing performance to surface pro 3 , which has a haswell processor , clock speed is actually * extremely * relevant . 
  turbo boost with its varying clock rates makes this a bit more complicated , but if the new surface pro has a 1.2 ghz processor it will almost certainly be slower at nearly everything . 
  but yeah , stock clock speeds can be deceiving due to turbo boost , so the only way to really know is to look at benchmarks . 
  which you should always do anyway . 
  do go for lots of ram though . 
  that tends to not show up in benchmarks as well , but programs get more memory hungry all the time , and being able to run many things simultaneously makes life a lot easier . 
  8 gb is nearly always worth it . 
  video stops 10 seconds in for me . 
  a youtube mirror would be great !, 
  this is [ chess960 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chess960 ) , where the starting position is random . 
  the game does not automatically draw though , it only provides both players with the * opportunity * to claim a draw . 
  it 's the same with the 50-move rule . 
  in most cases , one of the players will of course claim that draw , but technically , it could go on forever . 
  i think this is definitely worth considering . 
  now that wipes are becoming much rarer on most servers due to better server stability , overpopulation is a significant problem . 
  it 's very easy to build a tool cupboard shack , and very hard for anyone to remove it , and buildings become very dense . 
  it also does a lot for the * feel * of the game . 
  firstly , it 's very realistic ( at least if you 're willing to overlook the short timescales ) , and if the decay system is created well , it would make the game world look very interesting after a while . 
  lots of buildings everywhere with collapsed roofs , broken windows ( or window bars ) , or maybe just a stone skeleton remaining . 
  it would be almost like rad-towns , except player-created !, 
  or maybe i 'm just imagining things , and everyone will plant a tool cupboard and go demolish the whole thing for fun as soon as they can get in . 
  it still feels like this could be integrated very well into rust though . 
  how can you be sure ? 
   or what if someone builds 500 stairs/blocks all over you house ? 
  yeah , i do n't a lot of people will find that to be a good use of 100k wood . 
  and as long as you bar your windows and build a roof , this would still be fairly easy to defend against . 
  maybe make it a little bit harder during the building phase . 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` bxe4 is winning , although it 's not an immediate mate .
