  the only reference i could find in that thread was to 100 million , and the source link was dead . 
  also , some of those posts sounded like pure fiction ( one post started dragging in mesoamerica when talking about the 6th century europe , wtf ? 
  ) , so i 'm inclined to pretty much disregard everything there except links to other sources . 
  i 'm really not sure if this is bullshit or not . 
  i 'm okay with it either way . 
  do you have any links to historical information about these ruins ? 
  i could n't really find any on google . 
  the kernwaffe server still gets 40 players every night , with active moderators . 
  have n't seen a single cheater there , ever . 
  still runs pb though , which is pretty annoying . 
  exactly where is 100m `` common '' ? 
  i 'm not sure exactly which model you are talking about , but the cpus they sell for the tablet markets are all atom processors , which use a different architecture that is a lot slower at a given clock rate . 
  additionally , in the ultra-mobile space , the frequencies reported are max turbo speeds , while laptop cpus have their base frequency listed . 
  many 17w `` u '' cpus can get over 3ghz on turbo , and will be much , much faster than any atom processor in single-threaded workloads , which is what people usually encounter . 
  only if two people have exactly the same grade average . 
  in norway at least , you have 20-30 different grades coming out of high school , so it does n't happen very often . 
  still happened to me though . 
  :( it has its flaws , but at least it 's not about having rich parents . 
  scandinavian med schools are * really * hard to get into . 
  like , really really hard . 
  if you have to ask , you wo n't get in . 
  that depends completely on which scandinavian country . 
  sweden is one of the most immigrant-friendly countries in europe , while norway and danmark in particular are more conservative . 
  i could n't find exact statistics , but i 'm sure they 're there if anybody knows where to look . 
   yes . 
  the united states ' universities are way better than sweden 's . 
  that 's an awfully general statement . 
  the best ones are , sure , the us attracts a lot of talent . 
  but what about the average ones ? 
   the most obvious examples of this are in the telecom and tech sectors in europe . 
  yes , the telecom industry is just excellent in the us . 
   all new cpus are slated for a q4 launch , which would mean that they might become available for end users in products on the shelf sometime in q1 2015 . 
  what happened to `` being in real products well in time for the holiday season '' ? 
  [ configurable tdp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thermal_design_power#configurable_tdp ) . 
  it means the oems can buy the same cpu sku and clock them to two or more different frequencies , depending on how much power consumption they can have in their products . 
  all that lost tears of guthix exp though ... 
  you 're complaining that your two high-end gpus get utilized when you play a game at 144fps ? 
   they are n't just being `` utilized '' that 's way too much fucking usage for a game like rust . 
  huh ? 
  he talks a lot about power consumption when loading a page , but how much power does it use while * not * loading a page ? 
  this is arguably much more important , and an area where desktop firefox does n't do very well today . 
  no amount of page-load power savings will save you if you 're always keeping the cpu awake while you 're running in the background . 
  * screen resolution  screen size . 
  screen real estate/crispy fonts is way more important , especially since you have a big screen at home . 
  you 're also going to carry the damn thing . 
  * make sure the screen is ips . 
  it 's a gamechanger , more important than ssd imo . 
  * get 8 gb of memory at least . 
  do * not * settle for 4 . 
  modern programming environments ( modern everything , really ) are resource hogs , and memory is cheap . 
  * an ssd is a given unless you need space for media or dual booting . 
  linux takes so little space ; it 's a gift from the gods . 
  64gb is probably enough then . 
  * a fast cpu is always nice , but we aware of steep price increases for comparably little speed gain . 
   plus of course windows scaling is already terrible for 4k . 
  why is it particularly bad for 4k ? 
  i use windows dpi scaling on my laptop and it nearly always just works . 
  sometimes games have small meny texts , but that 's pretty much the only problem i 've encountered . 
  the extra pixel density is absolutely glorious , too . 
  and that kids , is why medival kings never listened to their citizens . 
  they knew better . 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sally_port ) does n't really agree with your definition . 
  to be fair , windows ' shortcuts really are a lot easier on the hand . 
  c-y is just annoying in comparison . 
  wow . 
  do you always have that much snow in the beginning of november ? 
  why is the article placed under the category `` bad linguistics '' ? 
  so hackertyper-y . 
  why would a non-developer want firefox : development edition ? 
  wait , is that cat lying on its front or back ? 
  seriously . 
  it works both ways . 
  he 's learned from the best, 
  karmaville , population 0 , founded 13/11/14 by / u/nikkurydell . 
  you know , i actually considered making it 11/11/14 just to make it completely unambiguous . 
  redpower died years ago . 
  something tells me your information is not completely up-to-date . 
  if nvidia is able to compete in absolute performance despite being a whole process node behind , that really says a lot about the problems the semiconductor industry is facing . 
  it should be pointed out that their stockfish evaluation is often somewhat inaccurate for quick moves , because it stops evaluating the last move after the next move is played . 
  the interesting part is of course the blunders , which are still pretty much where you 'd expect . 
  the graph is also missing the last ten moves , which would see the evaluation rising sharply and eventually going off the chart . 
  edit : i uploaded the final graph [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tdgzrqy.png ) . 
  not op , but found it on google . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://tharn.pp.fi/kuvat/games/skyrim_hq/gallery/photos/tesv_hq_195.jpg ), 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://galleryhip.com/skyrim-blackreach-wallpaper.html ), 
  google would figure it out . 
  you got ta admire his dedication . 
  that must have taken some time to set up . 
   that 's like , beyond cheating . 
  so , cheating ? 
  2010 was the last truly bad year for integrated intel graphics . 
  sandy bridge , released january 2011 , improved massively on the graphics , being several times more powerful than anything released before that . 
  after that we 've had nice incremental improvements ; haswell ( 2013 ) is around twice as powerful as sandy bridge , or at least in that ballpark . 
  how will you get hold of rune essence ? 
   i was n't comfortable with only 450w gold because the gpu alone has a max draw of 301w on full load on crysis 3, 
  a 970 does n't have anywhere near enough power connectors to draw 301w . 
  hell , its max tpd is only 140w . 
  whereever you read that , 301w was probably for the whole system .
