  they 're * technically * correct . 
  is that the driver though ? 
  i googled around a bit and found [ a download ] ( https://packages.debian.org/sid/all/firmware-iwlwifi/download ) ( i understand debian packages work with ubuntu ? 
  ) , but it seems to be firmwire only , not a driver . 
  especially since the files for the individual models are 600-700kb uncompressed instead of the 100mb i expected . 
  i ran the commands , and they both returned a bunch of information about themselves , and seem to be installed correctly . 
  the wifi works fine in windows , so presumably the firmware is fine . 
  is it possible that it 's not a driver issue at all ? 
  i assumed it had to be because i had to install drivers manually in windows , and the wifi button in the taskbar says `` no network devices available '' . 
  the lshw command does show the network adapter though , with this output :, 
  * - network unclaimed, 
  description : network controller, 
  product : wireless 7260, 
  vendor : intel corporation, 
  physical id : 0, 
  bus info : pci@0000:02:00.0, 
  version : cb, 
  clock : 33mhz, 
  capabilities : pm msi pciexpress bus_master cap_list, 
  configuration : latency = 0, 
  resources : memory : f7c00000-f7c01fff, 
  i 'm not sure how helpful that is , but i feel like i 've spent my whole week on google reading things i kinda sorta vaguely understand to try to get ubuntu into a workable state . 
  it would be really nice if someone just knew how to fix this . 
  iwlwifi-7260-9 . ucode was present in the folder , i even had iwlwifi-7260-8 and iwlwifi-7260-7 too . 
  seems to be in order . 
  just asked for my password and returned nothing , not sure what that was about . 
  returns, 
  seems about right to me . 
  i have no idea what program is managing my network connections . 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
  whatever ubuntu 14.04 uses by default . 
  sudo iwlist scan, 
  simply returned, 
  lo interface does n't support scanning . 
  pretty weird . 
  sudo rfkill list, 
  returned, 
  1 : asus-wlan : wireless lan, 
  soft blocked : no, 
  hard blocked : no, 
  2 : asus-bluetooth : bluetooth, 
  soft blocked : no, 
  hard blocked : no, 
  3 : hci0 : bluetooth, 
  soft blocked : no, 
  hard blocked : no, 
  i 've actually tried this already , because my keyboard has a function key ( fn + f2 ) to enable airplane mode . 
  nothing happens when i press it in linux , and its led indicator is always off , so i kinda forgot about it . 
  hopefully it 's nothing that banal . 
  still nothing . 
  not even a line break . 
  ok , looks like progress has been made : when i first tried the grep command , it returned nothing . 
  after i loaded it with modprobe , however , it returned :, 
  the two dmesg | grep commands from your previous posts still return nothing though . 
  dmesg worked as you said , it printed a bunch of stuff about me plugging in a usb drive . 
  after loading iwlmvm , grep iwl printed information about it too . 
  iwlmvm 189774 0, 
  mac80211 630653 1 iwlmvm, 
  cfg80211 484040 3 iwlwifi , mac80211 , iwlmvm, 
  sudo ifconfig wlan0 up, 
  wlan0 : error while getting interface flags : no such device, 
  same for wlan1 , wlan2 etc. 
  yep . 
  although the airplane mode led on my f2 button is suspiciously being powered again . 
  i still do n't think that 's it though , it 's supposed to disable bluetooth too and that 's still working . 
  in windows 8.1 , the airplane mode button interracts correctly with the software too , and flicks the `` airplane mode '' switch in the metro interface . 
  in linux it just seems to do nothing . 
  is messages supposed to be a directory ? 
  it does n't seem to exist there . 
  if i run grep with just / var/log , it returns :, 
  grep : / var/log : is a directory, 
  i 'm not very familiar with grep , as you can see . 
  upgrade to java 8 64-bit . 
  seriously . 
  do it now , right now . 
  your performance will improve massively . 
  what ? 
  java 8 is out for all platforms . 
  not only did they use the maximum estimate , they quadrupled it . 
  at least make sure you 're running java 8 . 
  it 's a shame no one at mojang tries running minecraft in 32-bit anymore , the performance issues there have gotten pretty awful . 
  is there any way you can install a 64-bit operating system ? 
  i upgraded two years ago , the minecraft experience was much much better even then . 
  wow ... this actually tooks my breath away . 
  so ... beautiful ... 
  i need to get a new computer . 
  yep . 
  / r/dataisbeautiful could really use some moderation sometimes . 
  my downvote does n't really do much . 
  the 6th century in the mediterranean is not pre-history by any definition . 
  `` prehistory '' usually means `` before significant written record '' , which certainly can not be said for the byzantine empire . 
  not for the roman empire either . 
  nor classical greece . 
  nor ancient egypt . 
  prehistory is much farther back . 
  from your justinian plage source :, 
   a maximum figure of 25 million dead for the plague of justinian is considered a fairly reasonable estimate . 
   the plague of justinian ( 6th century a.d. ) , the black death ( 14th century a.d. ) , and the bubonic plague ( 1665-1666 , which coincided with the great fire of london ) caused an estimated 137 million dead in a world much more sparsely populated than it is today ... 
  and that 's for all three together . 
  where exactly did you find that 150m estimate ?
