  that 's a very interesting observation actually , maybe they are making a 16nm version of the console chips ? 
  woosh, 
  literally liters !, 
  yes but then the rendering occurs every 1.5 shot and things get harder . 
  so how do people escape eve nowadays ? 
  serious question . 
  i once met a guy on chess.com with 5k bullet games and 500 in rating . 
  at risk of sounding condescending , he 'll always stand as an example to me that if you want to get better , you need actively try to improve , not just play a lot . 
  especially in faster time controls . 
  tbh , something about the tone in his post makes me think that java and c are the only languages he knows well . 
  '' [ other languages ] have not brought anything significantly better to the table '' ? 
  `` new fancy languages '' ? 
  `` hip and fashionable languages like python , ruby '' ? 
  the whole post smells of someone who has a nice , safe java job , and wants to tell themselves that these `` new '' languages are just a fad and that he will never have to learn them . 
  for a 6-core , not really . 
  skylake cores are not that much larger or more power efficient , and they run at 4ghz stock . 
  the broadwell-c line was deliberately underclocked to fit smaller form factors , in addition to extra graphics units eating into the power budget . 
  they could easily have clocked them higher if they wanted . 
  this is the 6-core , the 10-core is clocked at 3.0 ghz in the picture . 
  that 's like saying skylake should n't have a 4 ghz stock clock , because it struggles to reach 4.5 ghz overclocks . 
  comfirmed chessbrahs alt account . 
  that world 's gorgeous , what settings was it created with ? 
  there 's an ios app called funcdoodle that does this . 
  it only does parametric equations fairly rudimentarily , so you ca n't draw mickey mouse and expect to get an answer back , but it 's fun for playing around with polynomials and circle equations . 
  he seems to be on the way to the land of / r/thathappened, 
  upvote for gnome child !, 
  it would be interesting to see performance ratings for all of 2015 . 
  i doubt he 'd even be top three on that list . 
  c++ does this just fine, 
  you really should edit your post . 
  soo ... source ? 
  in norway the wages are even higher , but ketchup and ice are free and i 've always had a great experience in every restaurant . 
  it 's not like competition and pressure for worker efficiency is any less in the us . 
  he does n't mean it as a fraction of the total playerbase , he 's ( sarcastically ) saying he 's one of the 17 players playing on linux total . 
  pretty sure this is n't the kind of mobile stuff people were complaining about . 
  i would strongly recommend that you take a break after each game and spend a few minutes analysing it with stockfish . 
  it 'll improve your skills more than the game itself . 
  seriously , this . 
  you have to download the games 50 at a time , which takes a bunch of clicks , and then have them * e-mailed * to you . 
  what the fuck ? 
  chess.com has so many weird corners where it feels like the designers just built something that worked , and never actually tried to * use * the site . 
  it 's so inconvenient . 
  this really annoys me , too . 
  i got 23/25 correct today yet lost 15 ratings points . 
  spending a lot of time on each puzzle is what actually teaches you the patterns , not blitzing out the first `` tacticy '' move , which is what the trainer encourages . 
  he was probably looking for exactly that answer . 
  thank you all for these mirrors . 
  the chess24 livestream player is a piece of crap in so many ways . 
  modding is a dangerous game . 
  i would get into the habit of only doing `` shallow '' calculations for all the interesting lines at first , and just get a feel for what is going on in the position . 
  if you do n't find a winning move in the first pass , go through the lines again , but this time make absolutely sure that the refutation you found for your opponent is sound . 
  use ideas from different variations , and find out where they are applicable . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  sure , some of questions were terrible , but many were great for interviews , and could absolutely not be answered adequately in 5 minutes of googling . 
  some bad questions are to be expected when there are 120 of them . 
  that 's not how you use whom . 
   is starting to become a bottleneck, 
  2010 called and wanted its problems back . 
  yes but now you can have them in rust !, 
  come on guys , no spoilers in the title . 
  you can play on max settings in 4k ? 
  good job , you just fulfilled your own prophecy, 
  so , umm , which applications exactly ? 
  anyone got a mirror ? 
  -49 for correcting a factual error , what the fuck ? 
  on mobile , what 's the alt text ? 
  there 's nothing odd about this infuriation . 
  overall great post , but i feel like correcting the basis for some of your predictions :, 
   moore 's law says that transistor count will double every two years , and way back then another intel exec said that including other improvements performance should double every 18 months . 
  if the time for performance to double is between those [ ... ], 
  this oft-repeated 18-months figure stopped being true after the breakdown of dennard scaling around 2005 , unfortunately . 
  for parallel chips like gpus , the doubling in performance still happens around every 3 years , but every 21 months is just not realistic at all . 
  came for insightful comments about the data , found dumb jokes . 
  found the microsoft employee . 
   worst of the worst, 
  not disputing that the copper networks in australia are bad , but `` worst of the worst '' is by definition not representative for the overall quality . 
  where do you get 2018 from ? 
  2018 would be an even bigger delay . 
  intel 's plan is :, 
  * 2015 : skylake wide release ( tock # 1 ), 
  * 2016 : kaby lake wide release ( tock # 2 ), 
  * 2017 : cannonlake . 
  there 's no indications that 10nm wo n't be here in 2017 ( yet ) . 
  basically , he breathes it out . 
  his body turns the fat into sugar and transports it to his muscles as needed , and there it reacts with oxygen from his lungs and turns into co2 and water . 
  co2 is exhaled when breathing out , and the water goes away in normal ways ( sweat , urine , breathing , etc ) . 
  this is very eli5 though , you could post in / r/askscience and get a much more detailed answer from someone more knowledgeable . 
  i 'd go for forochel , just because it 's so damn beautiful . 
  it also helps that angmar is probably the ugliest zone in the entire game . 
  which is by design , in a way , but i still find it a depressing place . 
  at least they 're confident in the card 's performance . 
  not even close . 
  the functional units are getting there , but the memory bandwidth deficit is too big for integrated gpus to get close to console performance anytime soon . 
   with the enormous advance in computing powers, 
  chess player here . 
  just like in computer go , software advances have been far , far more significant than hardware advances . 
  put komodo 9 ( probably the strongest chess engine today ) against any engine from 10 years ago on the same hardware , and it will completely obliterate it . 
  it would probably score over 75 % against the best engines from only 5 years ago , too . 
  there 's still tremendous innovation going on in chess programming , and gains from hardware advances pale in comparison . 
  it 's not that the game is old , lots of games did ui scaling way before 2007 , it 's just that lotro 's ui engine was crap to begin with .
