  black is threatening mate on the spot with qxb2 # , so white has to play either bb3 or b3 to block that threat . 
  black then simply captures the queen with bxd3 . '' ), 
  it 's not that easy , you 'd have to take a lot of radiation for several minutes in order to break it . 
  you could build over it , but you 'd take a lot of damage from the fall and might not get out . 
  wait , are these in-game screenshots ? 
  not sure what you 're trying to say here . 
  watt is just a unit for rate of energy transfer , the time is irrelevant . 
  it measures exactly the same thing as kwh/day . 
  however , most people have a pretty good idea how much 1w is , much less so for 1kwh/day . 
  sounds like it 's time to find a new server , to be honest . 
  once an admin abuser , always an admin abuser . 
  as someone who usually plays on fast graphics in 1366x768 ; oh boy can this game look beautiful . 
  sounds like you just learned a valuable lesson about sleeping bag placement . 
  always have a hammer or an emergency exit in your house . 
  you 'll have to respawn normally and find your way back to your house . 
  they have the same drop rate , and carrots are also faster to grow than wheat . 
  they 're just as useful as cows , just different in that they do n't drop leather . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  he meant qxg3 with all those captures . 
   the downside to the user is that the number of modules in the system effects the boot time of the device . 
  a fully laden quad-channel haswell-e system adds another 5-8 seconds to perform this procedure [ ... ], 
  it 's not `` interesting '' as much as it 's plain sad . 
  poor guy . 
  that was an awfully harsh way to make fun of someone though . 
  that only helps if you are home to defend you base though . 
  that is rarely the case , most raiders will just go to your neighbour if you 're home . 
  much less risk . 
  not everyone has the same budget as you . 
  you ca n't help but be deeply impressed by anand . 
  he has been one of the world 's top players for 25 years , and is still increasing his rating . 
  some serious dedication there . 
   think e4 e6 d4 d5 e5 f5 for example . 
  so white is supposed to play 4 . exf6 ? 
  i do n't know the french advance variation well enough to make up my own mind , * but * stockfish 6 gives that move -0.25 ( 26 ply ) , compared to 0.59 for 4 . c4 . 
  ( 26 ply ), 
  yes , i know stockfish is not too good at openings without a book , but it 's not going to be completely wrong about a position after calculating 26 half-moves deep . 
  i hope so , that 's pretty clever . 
  maybe op is a ragequitter himself . 
  you 'll probably have to play with mods whether you like it or not . 
  every server runs them nowadays , they just fix too many issues . 
  etpro feels very much like the original game though , and is still very popular . 
  the same reasons it costs hundreds of dollars extra to get a phone with 128gb of storage . 
  market segmentation and the feeling that extra storage costs `` just a bit more '' . 
  people are also just used to it from the phone business , so they accept it . 
  anyone got the full pgn ? 
  obsidian could never realistically be used as a building material , it 's way too brittle . 
  sadly , minecraft is a little unrealistic in that regard . 
  using them for tools or arrowheads/spearheads would be really cool though . 
  they would be rare and valuable a while after the eruption as well , maybe encouraging more ~ ~ trading ~ ~ raiding . 
  did you even read his post ? 
  you do realize that with a little bit of overclocking , the 2600k is only around 10 % slower than the 4970k ? 
  make sure you 're * really * cpu bottlenecked before you spend $ 500 on a new cpu and motherboard . 
  why on earth would a slightly faster cpu magically fix your low minimum framerates ? 
  it 's 10 % faster in * cpu-bound scenarios * , in a gpu-bound game ( which is almost all games on a 2600k@4.4ghz ) your average framerate will be close to identical . 
  it might make that 10 fps minimum increase to 11 fps , but it wo n't really do much else . 
  frame drops like that are a result of a poorly coded game , and a better cpu just wo n't help much . 
  make sure you do objective testing in the same area of the game etc , the placebo effect can be very deceptive when looking for subtle things like frame drops . 
  if there 's still a difference , it 's probably a software issue . 
  were you using the exact same version of the game ? 
  the same drivers ? 
  anything running in the background ? 
  or maybe your computer has some thermal issue that cause your gpu to throttle ? 
  frame drops can be caused by many things , and can be really hard to get to the bottom of . 
   i know they 're kids , but i 'd rather have a solid , non-buggy ( or as close to non-buggy ) snapshots than just have a bunch of features that might look cool , but do n't have implementation . 
  you literally just described the point of giving out snapshots . 
  if you want solid and non-buggy , do n't play snapshots . 
   i 'm convinced intel is ready to go to 7nm or smaller but since samsung and gf havent caught up they 've been waiting . 
  it does n't make sense to crush your competitors then get slapped with monopoly lawsuits . 
  you do realize having a monopoly is by itself in not illegal in any way ? 
  holding back superior technology just makes absolutely no business sense , or any kind of sense of that matter . 
  image how demotivating it would be for the employees to have their brilliant pieces of engineering delayed 5 years for no reason . 
  it 's just a matter of production volume . 
  once ddr4 goes mainstream it 'll become equivalently priced in no time . 
  which is why intel needs to make them switch . 
  ddr4 and ddr3 co-existing for many years is just bad for everyone , it makes them both more expensive . 
  / rust, 
  now to wait for a better game engine , so we can crank up the render distance for enough to enjoy this terrain properly . 
  happened to me too . 
  once it starts happening , you 're basically fucked , because it happens again as soon as you reconnect in the same area . 
  to make matters worse , the error causes the client to become unresponsive so you need to restart it , and there is no way to copy the message to the clipboard for googling . 
  i hope i wo n't have to wait a whole week to play rust again . 
  your first link is dead , this should be the article :, 
  no one has posted it , i checked the `` new '' stream . 
  if somebody has , it 's been removed . 
  so i checked with stockfish , and i still do n't know what the beautiful tactic is . 
  dxe5 is the only reasonable next move according to the engine , and afterwards black can play either d4 , rc4 or qc5 , all of which score between +1.7 and +1.9 ( stockfish 6 , depth 32 ) . 
  i scanned through the lines and they all seemed fairly ordinary . 
  did i enter the board wrong or something ? 
  edit : the point of this puzzle seems to be that after 1 . dxe5 d4 , white 's knight is under attack and pinned to the queen . 
  the trick is for white to play 2 . qg1 to break the pin , and simultaneously pin the pawn on d4 to avoid the knight capture . 
  a bit weird to have a puzzle that requires black to play a trap ( a theoretically inaccurate one , too ) halfway through though . 
  white is the winning side here . 
  they can simply take the knight , and get out of the ensuing complications a minor piece up . 
   we 've started adding lods to the building parts -- which is having a hugely positive impact on performance . 
  this make me so happy . 
  yep , you can only remove it if it 's unlocked . 
  leaving the house with the door unlocked defeats its purpose somewhat . 
  one easy way to do it is to check whether a floor tile is open towards the sky , and put snow there . 
  doing anything more complicated would probably be more trouble than it 's worth , although since rust buildings are usually fairly small , i 'm sure you could write some quick and clever algorithms for deciding how much snow should go where . 
  it would certainly add a lot of immersion to the game .
