  thank you !, 
  that 's exactly what i was looking for . 
  if the rumoured tdp of 95w is correct , overall power is actually going up this time . 
  the same rumour said 4.0 ghz ( 4.2 ghz turbo ) for the top skylake model , but that 's all unconfirmed of course . 
  also , power only increases linearly with the clock speed and quadratically with voltage . 
  if it increased exponentially with clocks ( or anything , really ) , we 'd be in * big * trouble . 
  wow , some people actually thought you were serious . 
  30 years is n't even that old . 
  he was already 62 then . 
   and was a natural born ruler . 
  or he just learned to be a ruler in the 60 years before we first saw him on the show . 
  do n't forget you need to pay for windows ... 
  depth of field , motion blur ... of all the great innovations in crysis 1 , * that 's * what they advertised ? 
  365 weeks a year ? 
  so no more floor roofs ? 
  so ... no more floor roofs , then ? 
  if it 's easy to ladder up and hack through them . 
   and amazingly 1.9 might shatter the record for longest update to be released which was previously set by version 1.3 . 
  what ? 
  the gap between 1.7 and 1.8 ( discounting bug fix versions ) was by * far * the longest , more than twice the gap between 1.2 and 1.3 . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/version_history ), 
  the sacrifice was indeed very accurate , and he probably would n't have won the game without it . 
  here 's stockfish 6 ' evaluation of the position after 18 ... ba6 :, 
  * 33 [ -0.15 ] 19 . bb1 bxc4 20 . qxe6 ne5 21 . rxcd5 bxf1 ... 
  +0.59 is not winning by any means - but in a game between humans , especially one involving tal , getting the initiative like that is almost as important , since it often leads to mistakes for the defending side . 
  nobody opens a youtube video though . 
  link ? 
  objective-c is not really a language you want to use though , not for the language itself . 
  swift is actually pretty nice . 
  12 months is way more specific in casual speech though . 
  demand is much higher now , just not necessarily from the consumer market . 
  servers need ever more storage . 
  then you get to 2600 and remember that magnus carlsen exists . 
  skylake is expected between august and october this year actually . 
  the first page of the article discusses it . 
  in practice , yes . 
  they 're the exact same chip , with no graphics eus disabled , and have the same amount of edram . 
  the i7 does have a slightly higher max boost clock , but they 'll probably be indistinguishable in real-world gaming . 
  it 's a deliberatively vague statement which carries a certain shock value , without actually saying much . 
  which `` third world countries '' ? 
  what exactly does `` compete '' entail , that they are equally good or just competing in the same market ? 
  `` regularly '' ? 
  are we competing with graduates from countries where only the top 1 % of the population is able to complete university education ? 
  there 's brilliant people everywhere in the world , and many succeed despite a more difficult road to success . 
  not saying the us education system is great , but these kinds of general statements are very easy to construct from a much more nuanced reality . 
  oh boy , two full process nodes and a new architecture ( for nvidia at least ) all at once ... 2016 is gon na be good . 
  you 've gone two years of game design without understanding memory leaks ? 
  `` fairy simple '', 
  because that 's the meaningful way to display the data ? 
  why the fuck do i need flash to view a couple of charts ? 
  they literally could have done this in a static html document for christ 's sake . 
  what are they gon na do , stop supporting javascript ? 
  the next tock is not out for a looong time . 
  by intel 's schedule it will be out in h2 2017 , but with the recent delays in their 10nm process , it might be even later . 
  zen is scheduled for q4 2016 , giving it 6-12 months together with skylake if both companies ' plans go as intended . 
  ( that 's a big if on both sides , of course ), 
  `` europe '' is not banning them , the eu is . 
  huge difference . 
  fun fact : after 21 . n4 , stockfish 6 ( calculating one variation on an i5-4690k ) recommends 21 ... nxd4 for almost two minutes before it realizes that it 's a completely losing move . 
  incredible calculation by wei yi , and incredible courage for actually playing it . 
  the difference is going to be mostly unnoticable . 
  the 5600u might be able to calculate 10 % faster , but even that will very seldom be the difference between finding the winning line and not doing it . 
  stockfish really just wants lots of cores , and since intel refuses to release quad cores or higher within that kind of power budget , you ca n't really get anything much faster than the 5200u . 
  the only thing you can really do is to somehow get analyses over the internet from stronger computers . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** i 'd keep the $ 200 , or get a bigger laptop with a true quad-core . 
  i was really hoping `` performance fixes '' would be in one of the slides . 
  only if you insist on having the highest settings . 
  a catastrophe of that scale has only happened once though , and modern nuclear reactors are much safer . 
  also , the exclusion zone wo n't be 30km for the entirety of those 20000 years , as the most dangerous isotopes quickly decay into insignificant amounts . 
   if you hate the game so much , why do you spend so much time making shit up and shitposting about it ? 
  because they played and loved it for 3 years ? 
  there 's really no need to point them out in another top-level comment , that just gets them more attention and removes any hope of an on-topic discussion in the comments . 
  they get downvoted and forgotten about within an hour , best course of action is just to ignore them and wait for the comment section to be filled by better comments . 
  ssd prices wo n't `` stabilize '' any time in the foreseeable future . 
  they 'll keep steadily decreasing like they have for the last 5 years , and like hard drives and memory have done for the last 50 . 
  and 30 levels . 
  times the number of shovels you need to enchant to actually get a good one . 
  does anyone use books ? 
  ca n't wait till building parts can get snow on them . 
  maybe he just knows mojang . 
  i feel like they 've been talking about snapshots for 8 months now . 
  that sounds awfully harsh . 
  does anyone have a mirror for the full interview ? 
  does anyone have a mirror ? 
  they love blocking those videos abroad for no reason . 
  the nano is not supposed to be competitive on price/performance at all . 
  it 's a premium product for those who need a quiet , lower-power gpu at all costs . 
  when did they increase the draw distance ? 
  have they talked about that in any patch notes ? 
  maybe one day , minecraft 's engine will support actually tall mountains . 
  wow , i must have leveled some 6 or 7 characters through the barrow downs , and i 've never seen him before . 
  really ? 
  i feel like they pop up all the time when moving around at night . 
  3 years is a long time in graphics years . 
  be careful with those predictions , we might even have 10nm cards by then . 
  how can this be so high up , it 's just not supported by data at all . 
  sweden is the country in the eu * by far * most friendly to non-eu immigration [ ( source ] ( http://www.dailystormer.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/population-positive-toward-non-european-immigration.jpg ) , [ raw data ) , ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb82/eb82_anx_en.pdf ) and they have a huge immigrant population . 
  denmark and finland are lower , but both higher than britain and germany , and i would expect norway to be above or around the two . 
  where i live , ssd prices are actually higher than 12 months ago .
