  [ endgame tablebases ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/endgame_tablebase ) do this , and people have made databases containing every chess position with 7 or less pieces on the board , along with who wins that position . 
  endgame tablebases for 6 pieces or less are available freely online , and take up about 130gb iirc . 
  as memory continues to get cheaper , somebody will probably make a 8-man tablebase someday , but i think it 's unlikely that we will go beyond that . 
  certainly not the full 32-man tablebase required to cover * all * positions . 
  or two or three days ( after taxes ) for a lot of people . 
  maybe a week or more if you do n't live in the us/western europe . 
  what makes it better than a vaperon in any way ? 
  it has worse stats , worse moves , and its fighting type is n't really useful for anything and makes it weak to psychic , flying and fairy . 
  that 's good to know , thanks !, 
  that 's not really a counterexample . 
  because java has late binding and reflection , and object is a supertype of every type , you can write entire programs where all your static types are object . 
  you 'd essentially be writing a dynamically typed program , with extra syntax to make the static type system go away . 
  java happens to allow this because of the features i mentioned above , but you could n't write your example in haskell or rust . 
  i 'd be genuinely interested in seeing this example in a language without reflection . 
   would n't be hard, 
  hard is all relative of course , buuut it would be pretty hard . 
  for the idiots , what is cr+lf and lsp ? 
  that 's a lot of storage . 
  209 dpi then , not great but not terrible either . 
  which is what the graphics on recent nintendo consoles have usually been like . 
  one day , we 'll be able to render all those chunks with a super-computer . 
   they are legit 128gb category . 
  i ca n't tell you exactly how , but i will bet you literally anything that they are not legit . 
  flash memory is cheap , but you wo n't get 128gb for $ 1 anytime in the next decade . 
  i guess we * could * get 128gb / $ in 10 years , if the prices continue to halve every two years for another decade . 
  it 's very optimistic , but not unreasonable . 
  i 'm so confused by your random switching from celsius to fahrenheit . 
  is it just me , or are a bunch of move combinations missing ? 
  where is the frost breath/blizzard lapras ? 
  and any solar beam exeggutor ? 
  is n't it also a bit unrealistic to assume the attacker does neutral damage ? 
  most people will try to get a type advantage when attacking , and one of snorlax ' great strengths is the lacker of a good counter to it . 
  thank you for the thorough response . 
  i still feel like something is off with the rankings of the moves . 
  i thought frost breath would be the better fast move for lapras because it builds charge faster . 
  it also seems bizarre that twister is somehow gyrados ' best charge move for defending . 
  i might be overlooking something though . 
  people who play at 720p are n't cpu-bottlenecked though . 
  that 's only true if you are overclocking , i7s are clocked quite a bit higher . 
  well , you could have just skipped the `` lol '' part . 
   basically the whole point of c/c + + is n't safety it never was . 
  safety probably was n't the goal of c++ when it was originally conceived , but it certainly is now . 
  so much of the work put into c++ the last 15 years has been about safety . 
   it 's the first internet election, 
  people have been saying that about the last 4 elections . 
  especially in 2008 , since that was the first election after social media went mainstream . 
  the internet is old news now . 
  at this point , i 'm guessing never . 
  a lot of mods seem to be stuck at 1.7 , and because there is no cross-compatibility , other mod authors are reluctant to migrate to 1.8 + because people will just keep playing the 1.7 version . 
   ca n't trust marketing these days . 
  you never could , you 've just recently learned it . 
  at that rate , we 'll reach 10 % market share in only 40 years !, 
   the pound has been steadily increasing recently ,, 
  not sure what you 're comparing it to . 
  against the usd , it has been steadily decreasing ever since the brexit . 
  check it out : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/currency, 
  it happened to increase today because of these news , otherwise it 's only been going downwards . 
  jynx is assosciated with drowzee spawns i think . 
  or maybe both . 
  after lv 30 , wild pokemon do n't become higher level anymore . 
  so you too could catch a 212 cp magicarp . 
  i have 131 pok\u00e9mon caught and pinsir is one of the ones i 'm missing . 
  do you have any data on that ? 
  i 've heard the size reductions were supposed to be rather significant (  40 % ) . 
  old school runescape * is * runescape 2 though . 
  ... but not the 2nd half . 
  also known as a [ cut-and-cover ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tunnel#cut-and-cover ) tunnel construction . 
   it was the first time that turbine openly discussed the licence . 
  and they wonder why people have been speculating about the license for 6 years . 
  does this work in ubuntu now ? 
  yep . 
  they 're all grass/poison and have similar stats/movesets , so they 're often grouped together . 
  rattatas are okay exp-wise though . 
  if you use a lucky egg to evolve them , you get 280 exp from each catch + throw bonuses . 
  much better than that tentacool , for instance . 
  thank you for writing this . 
  i do n't like telling people how to play a game , but rust was n't supposed to be yet another game where the objective is to grind out better and better gear/base until you reach max . 
  that 's when rust * starts * . 
  if you need to satisy your inner completionist , there 's tons of mmos out there to cater to that . 
   the original ps4 capped the read rate at 20 mb/s, 
  what ? 
  that 's insane , do you have an exact source ? 
  they 're great as backup or media drives . 
  small , reliable , and extremely quiet . 
  mrw reading this thread : does n't anybody play the game while actually walking ? 
  your data on a clefairy-spawning mountain biome is interesting to me . 
  i had over 130 caught before the update , and they 're extremely common in my area . 
  i had only caught around 35 eevees though , which are supposedly more common in that biome . 
  maybe there is another biome that spawns lots of clefairy . 
  it 's been pushed back to java 10 or later now . 
  looks like you 've just learned to always post direct image links on reddit . 
  nobody is going to actually click on a link . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  it took a while before i even realized you were speaking english . 
   `` not getting anything '' in the opening against carlsen is n't exactly a failure, 
  i 'd have to disagree . 
  carlsen is just so good in the middlegame and endgame , your game-plan ca n't be to simply play an unremarkable opening and try to outplay him from there . 
  maybe 9/10 games do end up like that , but if you do what everyone else is doing against carlsen , you wo n't win very often . 
  i hope it reduces/disables function inlining , getting a stack trace that is n't completely mangled by inlining would make them a lot more useful . 
  i had a codebase with a bunch of helper functions that were only used once , and i really struggled to get llvm to stop inlining them all into a single god function .
