  next sentence :, 
   ( ok , these computers only had a fraction of the power of today 's smartphones . ), 
  might have been edited in afterwards ( his claim is obviously ridiculous ) , but idk , it 's there now . 
   almost the same amount, 
  this is the one that made it to the top of / r/minecraft :, 
  wise choice , imo . 
  unless you want to pay out for the haswell enthusiast platform , there wo n't be motherboard support for ddr4 until at least late 2015 . 
  it wo n't even be that much of a performance difference . 
  wow ... how long is that comment chain ? 
  something he named after himself probably . 
  minecraft does support mipmapping now , so i guess they have improved it a little . 
  i otherwise agree with you though , there 's still a lot of low-hanging performance fruit they could pick if they wanted to . 
  to be fair , their cpus and gpus are still getting massive improvements every year . 
  do warbands . 
  the exp is absolutely incredible , and as long as you do n't die , it 's free . 
  you 'll get 90 smithing it in a few weeks , or less depending on your current level . 
  that 's not what he said though . 
  would it help though ? 
  i mean , they would still need to pause the thread , unless the addon dev is willing to throw himself into all the crazy issues that may or may not arise in truly multithreaded code . 
  thanks , loading the site from scratch for each slide was painful . 
  also , why are n't they using pngs ? 
  i bet they could halve the file sizes . 
  not that more cores would really help most average desktop users . 
  go look at the gaming benchmarks of intel 's 6-core processors , they 're usully not very impressive . 
  better single-threaded performance ( whether through higher clock speeds or higher ipc ) is what we need . 
   c2q, 
  well there 's your problem . 
  depending on your particular model , you could probably double your performance by using a modern cpu . 
  going to ddr3 alone would be a huge performance boost . 
  you can see how this makes it hard to take your opinion on modern cpus seriously . 
  first off , the point cpuboss makes about cache is just completely ridiculous . 
  the newer i3 has three levels of cache ( l1 , l2 and l3 ) while the core 2 has only two . 
  so the site is comparing the core 2 duo 's biggest cache to the i3 's next biggest cache . 
  the i3 has a bigger l3 cache ( 3 mb ) , and a much better overall cache architecture . 
  so as someone else said , do n't use cpuboss ; the only way to compare cpus in any meaningful way is through benchmarks . 
  to answers your question , the i3 is probably a little bit better in raw performance , because of large architectural improvements both in cache and other areas . 
  a much more important point is that the i3 consumes less than half the power under load , and even less when idle , which is what most laptops spend most of their time doing . 
  it 's an unfair comparison , really . 
  but it means that a new laptop with the i3 is going to be cooler , quieter , have far better battery life , and , if built properly , be much thinner and lighter . 
  how far are you willing to go ? 
  to be fair , any new game trailer contains a level of detail that this gen will never reach . 
  it 's already happened before . 
  if you got unlucky in the haswell lottery , you could easily end up with one that overclocked worse than your old sandy bridge . 
  if your haswell new cpu can only hit 4.3 ghz , sandy bridge @ 5ghz suddenly looks pretty good . 
  only on the ones with an x86 cpu . 
  make sure you do n't get one with an arm cpu , losing out on all the software for x86 is going to hurt badly when getting a cs degree . 
  to be honest , i would recommend getting a proper windows laptop/mac unless you absolutly can not afford it . 
  `` mobile '' ides really are n't there yet , especially if you want something besides the most mainstream languages . 
  although these problems kinda go away with a chromebook , having 16gb of storage is not an optimal for development either . 
  there 's always runescape classic ; runescape as it was in 2003 . 
  it does n't have more than a few hundred players online at peak though . 
  not this circlejerk again . 
  there are many legitimate complaints that can be made about the 2014 version of rs , and they ca n't all be simply dismissed as nostalgia and unwillingness to change . 
  to mention one thing , a lot of people feel that `` real '' skill training has been too devalued compared to the half a dozen ned d & ds that get released every year . 
  ( warbands anyone ? ), 
  the squeel of fortune ( or whatever they replsced it with ) shoved in your face is ofc also an unpleasant surprise for returning players . 
  i could go on , but something tells me it 's futile . 
  i think that 's the one he was talking about , given that the guy he was replying to mentioned shine on you crazy diamond . 
  boy do i wish they would let us push render distance further ... 
   i had one problem , and i tried to solve it with threading . 
  now i have one problem that 's susceptible to race conditions and incredibly unstable , but runs three times as fast on my quad-core . 
  ftfy, 
  the modding api can not come soon enough . 
  the time until widespread mod support for new versions just seems to increase , it can easily take 9 months nowadays . 
  i do n't live in the us , but it 's generally up to the indivual landlord/lady . 
  there 's a possibility that there will be a lot of openings during the summer , but again , depends on where you live . 
  this only goes for crts . 
  for lcds ( every display nowadays ) , the pixels are always illuminated , and 24fps video looks the same for any refresh rate that 's a multiple of 24 . 
  a 240hz may have less ghosting , but that 's all . 
  yep , this only applies to crts . 
  wow , those edits escalated pretty quickly . 
  dat integer overflow . 
  also , the us was still executing people with the electric chair when the hobbit films came out . 
  i really hope it will make it into 1.8 , it would be great for servers to finally enable ( or fully enable ) the nether without causing a lagfest . 
  better multithreading will probably have to happen someday anyway , and the longer you wait , the harder it gets . 
  inb4 karma train . 
  why are vacuum cleaners different from compressed air cans though ? 
  only two and a half . 
  on the other hand , that means we 're halfway to another elder scrolls game !, 
  nobody really uses w32 either . 
  thank you !, 
  worked like a charm . 
  it 's a completely new microarchitecture , so it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  but they 've already launched the 750ti , so hopefully it wo n't cause them too much problems . 
  i love how it got posted but downvoted away only three months ago . 
  hey , at least this implies there will still be an sku that is n't semi-locked to bing . 
  for starters , it does n't start a new process for every tab , which despite its advantages has a huge memory overhead . 
  with 120 tabs the os kernel might even start sweating from managing all the threads . 
  it also has tab groups to organize your tabs , and the default ui settings work much better with large tab counts imo . 
  i suggest leaving the settings and installers stuff to the people who have played it before , they will probably have an opinion about it . 
  if not , make sure you play the 2.60 b version of the base game , and with an up-to-date mod . 
  etpro is the one generally used in competitive play , as it 's closest to the original game while still fixing everything that was wrong with it . 
  no quarter is probably the most popular mod now , it makes the game extremely configurable , and adds many new small-ish gameplay features , such as shotguns and kicking , off the top of my head . 
  it 's my personal favourite . 
  oh , and disable punkbuster , the anti-cheating thing . 
  it 'll cause nothing but trouble . 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  gaming is an international business . 
  except warbands . 
  you might want to look into faster methods .
