  good thing alpha had villages in it !, 
   before you update , visit every location where you do n't want a temple to appear , and wait around there for about a minute or so . 
  dude , do you have any idea how large some of my old worlds are ? 
  randomly wandering around and waiting everywhere , while having no way to tell if you 've actually waited long enough , is just not a good solution . 
  would it really kill them to add a flag in a settings file somewhere to disable it ? 
  minecraft has a long history of perfect backwards compability regarding worlds , stretching back to before alpha . 
  people have the right to be pissed when this suddenly changes , and you can no longer update minecraft without worrying about your world being molested by large temples and worse . 
  hell , most people wo n't even know about this change before upgrading . 
  minecraft only started logging time spent in a chunk in 1.7 , so worlds that have n't been played since 1.6 , or indeed areas you have n't spent much time in since 1.6 , are at risk for being damaged by the new structures . 
  in particular , in worlds from before 1.2 , biomes have been moved around , so the monuments can spawn pretty much anywhere . 
  including in a base miles from the occean . 
  i just really wished there would be a simple flag to disable retro-generation , so i would n't have to worry about this at all . 
  my friends and i have many old worlds , and having to go through the whole ordeal of visiting all the chunks we care about before we open them in 1.8 is such a hassle . 
  i once had over 250 mods from some mega pack in the atlauncher . 
  minecraft already used 2.5 gb of ram at the start screen . 
  it actually worked reasonably well though . 
  i do n't know how to do that though . 
  somehow i feel like i should n't have to either , just to play my old worlds . 
  or just the in-game music . 
  it 's spectacular in many areas , and very much in the lotr style . 
  this is pretty much what the original lotro was . 
  it 's been going steadily downhill for years though , and is now pretty much pay-to-win . 
  you can access the whole world and do pretty much the whole main storyline without spending a dime . 
  you wo n't have access to other quests after ~ lv 30 though , which makes levelling hard . 
  you can access those quests in other ways though . 
   edit : i do n't really have evidence , just had a few in the past with no issues, 
  neither did he , so i think you 're good . 
  750ti has been out for well over 6 months , it 's quite possible that they 've made signficant changes to the architecture , especially considering directx12 support etc. 
  add driver and process optimizations as well as non-perfect scaling , and it becomes very hard to accurately predict how well it will perform . 
  i think it 's a fairly safe bet that the gtx 980 will mop the floor with the amd cards in terms of power efficiency though , which is always important to consider with multiple gpus . 
  that might just give nvidia an excuse to bump the prices that extra little bit though . 
  version with uninterrupted audio :, 
  this is only true when generating new terrain or hosting a server for many people - games that can run at 300fps are not cpu-limited . 
  it 's mostly gpu-limited , really , but having 8gb of ram does help if you want to go beyond 16 chunks of render distance . 
  my laptop powered by a i5-4200u ( dual core , 1.6 ghz ) with intel hd 4400 has no problem keeping 30 fps on medium render distance , often hitting 40 as well . 
  and that was on 1.7 . 
  your computer must be very barely decent . 
  i never said they actually did the changes in the last 6 months . 
  just like the 750ti did n't change much in the 6 months before its release either . 
  either way , the designers at nvidia still had a delta of 6 months ( and counting , it 's not out yet ) between the finalization of the designs . 
  200 % dpi scaling in windows works pretty damn well now though . 
  the pixel density is gorgeous . 
  how do i activate the code ? 
  i put the starter pack in my shopping cart in the lotro market and entered the promo code , but it says `` invalid promo code '' . 
  any idea why this is ? 
  nearly no console games run at 60 fps . 
  especially not the well-optimized ones . 
  they throw the extra resources into prettier graphics instead . 
  if the 750ti is anything to go by , the gtx 980 will have much lower power consumption . 
  which is certainly worthy of consideration in a noisy dual-card build . 
   created by nikvaa, 
   community for 38 minutes, 
  checks out !, 
  i really have no idea how that can work . 
  the 4770k has [ 1.6 billion transistors ( layout ) ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/show/7003/the-haswell-review-intel-core-i74770k-i54560k-tested/5 ) , is built on 22nm and measures 177mm ^ 2 while the new a8 is built on 20nm , but is half the size . 
  maybe the famous apple magic is shifting from enchanting consumers to enchanting cpus instead . 
  just any site ever , really . 
  i 've heard this so many times . 
  the slc cash is pretty small , and the performance hit from reading/writing directly to the tlc memory was pretty thoroughly benchmarked by several sites at launch . 
  benchmarking across the whole drive is well-known territory for reviewers , because many mlc drives will actually run their nand in slc mode until the drive is over 50 % full , and thus show much better performance if they have little data on them . 
  at least op has delivered so far . 
   my guess is if you 're truly seeing a lot of repeats with a decent range ( ~ 100 ) then you 're coding something wrong . 
  yeeeeah ... that 's not how you determine if something is random or not . 
  the modders will surely deliver ... 
  * two months ? 
  it 's an indie game with only a single developer afaik , so i guess it boils down to lack of time/motivation . 
  he does n't really comment on it though . 
  do n't get me wrong , large overhangs and floating islands are cool and nostalgic and all , but i really wish it would be possible to have large , mountainous areas without them . 
  the mountains look like they are just stacked on top of each other with spaces in between . 
  it 's just not very realistic , and the fact the [ lightning algorithm does n't play well with them ] ( http://imgur.com/a/q9mav#6 ) just makes it worse . 
  people have been posting pictures of long , rolling hills and coherent mountain ranges in modded and/or worldpainted worlds since forever . 
  i just really wish i could see something like that in vanilla one day . 
  decade ? 
  if they 're gon na charge for a new minecraft version , they wo n't wait another five years . 
  i agree with your sentiment though . 
  i 've gotten so much for free after buying minecraft , having to buy minecraft 2 would n't be a problem if it had content to make it worth it . 
  i just do n't think that makes financial sense . 
  they would make more money from selling minecraft than from giving it away with their platforms . 
  minecraft is big , but not that big . 
  they probably will , just like with ms word . 
  macs are a huge market , and shutting them out would be a big profit loss just to try to hurt the mac platform . 
  do n't worry , they 'll be available for download somewhere until the downfall of the internet . 
  10 % of [ 16 million sold units ] ( https://minecraft.net/stats ) is what i would classify as a huge market . 
   in the past you got bigger chips for less money . 
  huh ? 
   the biggest news here is that gtx 980 has only a tdp of 165w . 
  as someone who is planning a quiet mitx build , these cards are very compelling . 
  he 's not talking about the action buttons , he 's talking about the other interfaces . 
  lots of people like to have literally every single one of the game interfaces on the screen at the same time . 
  inventory , equipped items , prayer book , spell book , stats , summoning screen , friends chat , clan chat , and probably some more too . 
  the picture is pretty accurate . 
  [ thread with 400 + comments ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/2g1jfi/seems_that_the_samsung_840_evo_is_notorious_for ) on / r/buildapc . 
  i read the first 10 comments thinking it was all crystal clear ice . 
  then i wondered how moving water could freeze like that . 
  then i realized ... 
  to my defence , freezing is pretty much always the reason for broken pipes where i live . 
  except nobody wants an ssd with double-digit sequential read speeds . 
  some people have gotten even worse results . 
  hdd-like performance should be the baseline . 
  and you 'd still trade it in a heartbeat for a new , hot system with 4x the power .
