  so as long as you are online 30 minutes before , you 're okay . 
  welcome to europe . 
  i have no idea why people are downvoting , it 's an excellent question . 
  however , the signal line is built in a way that makes the signal travel instantaneously , so the signal would be instant even for 1 million blocks . 
  really wish turbine would let us bump up render distance on beefier computers, 
  it 's mostly market factors like undersupply , and also the fact that memory prices were unusually ( perhaps artificially ) low in the past . 
  the recent fire at one of hynix 's memory fabs did n't help . 
  afaik there are n't really any technical reasons for the price jump , the memory market is just particularly vulnerable to market fluctuations because there are many more competing vendors . 
  also , ddr4 wo n't hit mainstream until 2015 , and even then , it may not see significant price drops . 
  since christmas is incoming , memory prices may drop a little , but if i were you , i 'd just buy now . 
  if you sit on the fence , you 'll keep sitting . 
  ... you should be a poet . 
  i really hope books have brought greater change to the world than increasing membership in an archery club . 
  one day ... 
  what happened to industrialcraft anyway ? 
  i ca n't find any info on new releases anywhere . 
  albert einstein . 
  pretty sure you 're being sarcastic but ima downvote you anyway since there 's no way to know , also no need to give the misconceptions breeding ground . 
  delivering packages in flying drones is cool and all , but delivering in 720p would be cool too . 
  this is extremely interesting , do you have a source ? 
  could you elaborate for those less familiar with shakespeare ? 
  at least bane of arthropods is an overall improvement , and it 's a godsend in mineshafts . 
  knockback is just plain awful , suddenly fighting a simple skeleton becomes a major challenge . 
  whenever i get knockback on a sword , i just put it in a chest and go back to my sharpness 1 iron sword . 
   the uploader has not made this video available in your country . 
  sigh . 
   no government has actually used that ~ ~ little ~ ~ * much * since it was introduced . 
  ftfy . 
  last year it was 2.9 % . 
  how exactly do you rank the `` best '' school in an area ? 
  just word of mouth , or are there more objective measures ? 
  for instance , i 'm considering studying in london next year , but not being familiar with the schools there it is quite overwhelming to get an overall impression . 
  you got your tuition paid just like that ? 
  congratulations man , that 's amazing !, 
  student loans are scary stuff . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i 'll probably be studying computer science , or something related . 
  do n't either of the new modpacks have industrialcraft or buildcraft ? 
  i 'm gon na miss those . 
  you can , and it 's quite common , but saying you 're allergic to `` snake venom '' is about as useful as saying you 're allergic to flowers . 
  you 're not allergic to flowers , you 're allergic to * some kinds * of flowers . 
  you spelled hypothesis wrong . 
  yeah ... no . 
  the first two graphs are misleading and useless , as they are on a linear scale , instead of a logarithmic like they should be . 
  as the final graph correctly points out , the cheapest ssds were $ 0.62 / gb in march , while the cheapest hdds were $ 0.10 / gb . 
  which , assuming the price continues to halve every two years , means an intersection will only happen around 2018 . 
  however , this assumes hdd prices wo n't drop at all ( unlikely ) , and that ssd prices will continue to halve every two years , which is optimistic at best . 
  and again , this is only for 2.5 '' disks , for desktop drives , hard drives will be ahead for at least a decade . 
  do n't forget vanilla : horses , leads , the new clay blocks , etc. 
  that 's for desktop drives though , we 're discussing laptop drives , where hdds are significantly more expensive . 
  never underestimate spiders . 
  those fuckers are determined . 
  this is fantastic , thank you !, 
  but what does it mean that a type of repeater may or may not have `` pulse duration '' ? 
  i see , thanks . 
  how significant are these duration changes then , like + / - 1 tick or can it be much more ? 
  where 's this reference from ? 
  i 've heard it somewhere . 
  the lectures are simply uploaded , and you can watch ( and usually download ) them whenever you want , along with code samples and other useful stuff . 
  also the fact that it 's called the pirate bay . 
  i hear this a lot , but what exactly about this way of thinking is wrong ? 
  tbh i quite like the sound of that . 
  the devil is always in the details . 
  how do you remember your username ? 
  also , nelson mandela was born 11 yeare before both of them . 
  let that sink in for a bit . 
  well , the new graphics architectures are by far the most exciting things to happen to the gaming market in the last two years , so it might be worth waiting an extra month for . 
  even if you do n't care for the new architectures , it will lead to a sizable drop the in the price of the 700s . 
  god forbid high school students ever get access to information about sex . 
  is this backwards compitable with old worlds ? 
  it 's tempting to put this on my ftb world . 
  560 se just to get 60 fps ? 
  i 'm rocking an old geforce 8800 gt and i rarely drop below 100 on vanilla . 
  even that 630 would probably run 60 fps , even with some nice shader mods . 
  no need to spend more . 
  some of the translations i tried were completely inaccurate , so i think there 's still hope for them . 
  it also does n't take dialectical variations into account . 
  is it decent if you 're hot ? 
  then you build a redstone computer in minecraft . 
  that 's a pretty badass cooler , how far could you oc ? 
  any specific answers you had in mind ? 
  for comparison , the render distance on far is between 256 and 272 blocks ( meters ) . 
  i do n't know , booster rails were a better solution imo . 
  less quirky perhaps , but they are smaller and easier to deal with , they gave gold a much-needed use , and they just make more * sense . 
  * or maybe that 's just me . 
  i do this even when i only have two offers to collect . 
  it 's probably slower , but it just feels so much * better * when i have the interface open and can collect them in a non-retarded way . 
  maybe i 'm blind for not seeing it , but is there someplace where i can read the whole thesis ? 
  it sounds really interesting . 
  get that filthy logic out of here !, 
  yes , they are unlocked while you are subscribed , although no longer . 
  [ it 's apparently an idiom that roughly translates to `` like father like son '' ] ( http://italianowithjodina.com/2010/08/il-detto-della-domenica-buon-sangue/ ) , i suspect that 's the translation duolingo really wanted . 
  does n't make the dictionary hint any more sensible though . 
  mathematically , the answer would be undefined - if you try to solve the equation , you end up trying to divide by zero , and the answer could be anything and everything . 
  this is actually the very reason why physicists designed the kelvin temparature scale , because multiplying temparature is something you 'll quite often want to do in physics . 
  on the kelvin scale , 0 \u00b0 c is around 273 \u00b0 k , while 0 \u00b0 k is the absolute zero , which is impossible to reach . 
  so the divide-by-zero issue never arises . 
  except party hats are worth way , waaay more then their ge price on rs3 . 
  they 're not traded often enough for the price to keep up . 
  if they were stupid enough to have their $ 250k mission-critical software depend on a single version of a single browser on a single platform , then i do n't feel bad about them having to sweat .
