  i agree , several games have had success with updated `` hd '' releases recently . 
  i would personally be glad to pay a bit for one , but i suspect a lot of people will not , since the original game was free . 
  regarding your resolution issues , try :, 
  * / r_mode -1, 
  * / r_customheight 1080, 
  kudos for taking the time to document them in a google doc !, 
  could you add a column for drop rate too ? 
  personally , i really hope to be able to play fully modded 1.8 by christmas . 
  i would n't hold my breath , it 's been almost 10 months since 1.7 and many mods are still not updated . 
  1.8 is also bringing even more internal and mod-unfriendly changes . 
  the amount of mods people are running these days , it also does n't take many bad apples to spoil the bunch , with all due respect to the great job the mod devs are doing . 
  dem null subjects . 
  this is n't spanish , people !, 
  yeah ... economics are n't that simple . 
  more workers ! = more profit . 
  i was n't going to ... but now i have to !, 
  yep . 
  would be just over 50 . 
  i like when people have private on though . 
  it was always so annoying when i tried to contact someone who was no longer within chat-radius , just to discover their private chat was off . 
  hey you , the guy who just died at dharok , would you perhaps like your stuff back ? 
  oh wait , your private 's off , so i have no way to contact you . 
  free stuff for me i guess . 
  edit : spelling . 
  how about if the messages were automatically hidden when you ignored them . 
  50 is with the old , pre-eoc formula . 
  67 is eoc i guess . 
   iirc , norwegian citizens even get tax-free years because they make so much money from oil . 
  norwegian here . 
  not sure where you got that from , it 's pretty damn far from the truth . 
  get out of here with your logical quest requirements . 
  and then you do find it when you 're actually looking for something else . 
  although it does n't seem to have been the case here , that 's actually how a lot of scientific discoveries are made !, 
  give me one remotely reliable source . 
  i unfortunately ca n't provide a counter-source , since the claim is so utterly ridiculous that it 's hard a find a source expliticly saying it 's wrong . 
  wow , what the fuck is wrong with those comments ? 
  it 's an utterly ridiculous and completely unsourced claim ( except `` the guardian '' ) , and everyone who called out the bullshit got downvoted to oblivion . 
  the sad thing is , the claim is so ridiculous it 's not really possible to find a counter-source . 
  * sigh . 
  you mean like all the sweet sweet karma they 've reaped here ? 
  well , someone 's got ta point it out . 
  anyone who 's actually read anything about nuclear energy just wants to cry over this comment thread . 
  no , it 's like turning that into `` a man who spent ten years in jail for a murder he did n't commit protects whole kindergarden of disabled children from a drunk police officer '' . 
  i mean , ten times the hiroshima explosion ? 
  * ten times ? 
  * it 's not even wrong , just completely ludicrous . 
  the fact that nuclear energy is such a hot political nowadays , with tons of misinformation around , just makes it so much worse . 
   i have near 20tb of media [ ... ], 
   my server is an 8-core box that 's pretty much encoding at 100 % cpu 24/7 heh . 
  sounds like you 're pretty much the exact opposite of the quicksync target audience . 
  and it 's not even zombie-safe . 
  by people with a ranged level in the 50s ? 
  sure he 'll die quickly , but he wo n't get one-shot . 
  if he gets to around 20 hp , it could get really interesting though . 
  i hate when people do this ... `` i know this , therefore i will downvote and not answer you ! '', 
  bind on account gear is probably one of the worst things you can do to new players . 
  imagine being a new player in wow . 
  for the first 50 levels , unless you actively seek out the best gear constantly , you will be horribly underpowered compared to your peers . 
  pvp is essentially a no-go , which is a shame , because it is really fun . 
  i recently gave wow a new start on a new account , and the advice i constantly got was `` just rush ( grind ) to cap so can start playing the game how you want ! '', 
  i quit after a week at around level 40 . 
  i think ( modest ) exp boosts available at max level is a good solution . 
  i do n't think it 's really a good idea for new players though , for me , the biggest appeal of an old mmo is just the massive amount of polished , original content you can find . 
  i would say the sheer amount of * content * in a `` more than five '' mmo is unmathced in any games of any genre , and their biggest selling point . 
  it 's bliss for someone who enjoys the rpg style of gaming , and while the content is still there , it 's not the same if you need to level four characters to experience it all . 
  along with no word of how they were sampled , etc. 
  this is pretty much the definition of a worse-than-useless study . 
  from a pure size perspective , they have already caught up with hdds . 
  sandisk released a 4tb 2.5 '' ssd just this spring , which is twice as much as any similarly ( physically ) sized hdd on the market . 
  those ssds are of course hideously expensive , but they are there . 
  regarding price/gigabyte , hdds are currently just over 10 times better than ssds , if comparing the cheapest models of each . 
  as you have observed , however , ssds are going down in price faster than hdds . 
  to throw some semi-arbitrary numbers out there , if ssds halve in price every two years , while hdds halve every four years , ssds will be cheaper in about 13 years . 
  recently , ssd prices have actually been going down faster than that , but as the memory cells shrink and become cheaper to manufacture , wear levelling becomes a bigger and bigger problem , thereby slowing development . 
  if 3d nand turns out to be successful , the cost revolution could continue for many more years or even accelerate , meaning they could surpass hdds even faster . 
  of course , it 's always possible that the whole industry suddenly stagnates like with ram . 
  or something else entirely might come along ( memristors anyone ? ), 
  that just blows them both out of the water . 
  as with anything in memory technology , predicting more than a few years into the future is n't really anything other than educated guesswork . 
  pretty much , and i also said so . 
  but it 's a reasonable approximation of how it 's been going the last couple of years . 
  yes , sorry . 
  i 've edited the post . 
  yeah ... this is not something you do in two days . 
  hell , doing it in two months would by a feat of mastery . 
  so ... can i try programming it ? 
  i would love to see this map posted with the instruction set documented . 
  movies shot in 8k ? 
  4k movies barely exist yet , except for high-budget action movies . 
  further info : estimates suggest that the radius of the black hole at the centre of the milky way has a radius of [ around 12 million kilometres ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sagittarius_a* ) , compared to the sun 's [ roughly 0.7 million ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sun ) . 
  so it could quite easily cover a whole star . 
  however , 12 million kilometres is still * very * small on galactic scales , and it is surrounded by a lot of very bright objects , making it extremely hard to detect directly . 
  in fact , there are no direct observational evidence for black holes ' existence , only overwhelming theoretical evidence along with no obervations indicating that they do not exist . 
  the headline specifically said players and supporters . 
  the horrible conditions for the construction workers is a whole different story ... 
  this is awesome news !, 
  / r/hardware has really stepped up its game in the last year , with the removal of tech support questions and a steady increase in users . 
  it 's too general to make it into a rule though . 
  a week without shelter is n't really a problem ( assuming access to food and water ) during a nice summer . 
  three hours in a blizzard also depends completely on temperature , how well you are dressed , etc.
