  if anything , having more semiconductor talent under one roof should be a benefit to amd , if managed properly . 
  the * area * of a circle has two dimensions . 
  but we are measuring length of the perimeter , which is one-dimensional , so 35km is correct . 
  he means `` young '' as in under 30 it seems . 
  not to discredit the achievements of those still-young prodigies , but this is honestly more interesting than comparing skilled children who may or may not blossom into world class players one day . 
  faroese before chinese ? 
  i actually did this not so long ago , i left stockfish 6 running for a week on a 4690k . 
  iirc it slightly preferred 1 . e4 at +0.20 , followed by 1 . d4 at +0.18 . 
  blame a bear attack , abduction by aliens , or any other event that is more likely than getting hit by rocket debris . 
  i do n't see how what you said actually makes the other guy incorrect . 
  because an overgrown world has much more polygons to render , severely reducing performance . 
  it 's a bit sad to have something as boring as performance control gameplay elements , but it 's the reality of game development . 
  i was referring to client rendering performance because that 's what people have complained about the most , but yeah , collider count is certainly something they worry about too . 
  the whole native range thing is a bit weird , one of the great things about software engineering is that you can practice it almost anywhere . 
  just get electricity and a satellite link and you 're good to go . 
  you make it sound like amd is * losing * money because their cards are bought for non-gaming purposes . 
  that 's not really how it works . 
  they could take some steps to make simple mods less likely to break , but the problem ca n't really be fixed . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  nothing obvious seems wrong with these articles . 
  not if they have similar mass . 
  in theory , two planets of exactly equal mass and density could orbit around each other with 1m between them and not fall apart . 
  i thought i knew which video it was . 
  i was pleasantly surprised . 
  just the regular , un-remixed one . 
   well , as it 's 1080p , you will probably need about the same performance as 4k/60fps . 
  probably a bit more , if you double the resolution in a modern game , it usually does n't halve your framerate . 
  keep in mind the long exposure time of the camera . 
  just like the sky , the beam would look fainter in real life . 
   improved performance reliability when a device switches networks to no longer cause the application to hang or stop updating . 
  this is great news . 
  hopefully this means no more restarting the app 10 times a day . 
   parametric polymorphism allows for `` functions '' from types to values . 
  this did n't really click for me . 
  the function still needs values to produce a new value , why is it `` from '' types to values ? 
  it would be really annoying if people kept picking up pieces and then changing their mind . 
  you 're just not supposed to touch the pieces until you 've decided on your move , and the rules reflect that . 
  kaby lake desktop has been delayed until q1 2017 though . 
  freesync a good reason . 
  partially open-source linux drivers , and generally a better history of not fucking consumers over , is also a big deal to some people . 
  are there any with freesync though ? 
   would you rather play at 1440p 60 + hz or 1080p 144hz ? 
  if you can hit 144hz at 1080p , you 'll get at least 80-90 fps at 1440p . 
  i 'd take 1440p in almost any situation , remember , higher resolution is also an big advantage in many games . 
  is there an indendation mode in ` haskell-mode ` ? 
  i always had to install an extra package to get indentation at all . 
  as a fellow emacs user , what haskell packages do you use ? 
  separating the good packages from all the bad/old/unmaintained ones has proven hard . 
  well , it 's also a 78 % increase in fps from 81 to 144 . 
  in addition , rendering twice as many pixels usually takes slightly less than twice as much time , unless the game is badly short on vram at the higher resolution . 
  why would their seasons and day/night cycles necessarily be so different from earths ' ? 
  the basic rule is : if you go twice as far away from the sun , you receive 1/4 as much sunlight . 
  jupiter is 5.2 timer further away from the sun than earth , so the sunlight is actually 27 times dimmer on jupiter . 
  however , the cameras can adjust their shutter speed , essentially `` taking in '' light longer to compensate for the low brightness . 
  it probably would n't look this bright in real life , but your eyes would be able to adjust very well . 
  honest question , how does everyone hold on to gyms for so long ? 
  i live in a city with dozens of gyms , but 2500 + cp defenders are very rare , and nearly all gyms are lv 3-5 and change hands 20 times a day . 
  it 's just soo easy to attack gyms with the current mechanics , that nobody bothers trying to hold them for long . 
  this truck me too . 
  he looks like he 's 20 in that picture . 
  well , chess is pretty fun . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking or not . 
  especially since the same divide is not present on the 25-64 map . 
  it actually looks worse for west germany there . 
   i do a lot of strategic uninstalls of games to manage , and do n't really have any space for media content whatsoever . 
  sounds like a lot of work to avoid buying a cheap 1 tb drive . 
  that 's not the same people . 
  they just happen to be part of same political alliance in the us :, 
  no way . 
  you 're not going to lose with an extra queen unless you flat-out hang it , and a 1800 player should n't do that very often . 
  good riddance , the gif does n't actually show the astroid belt at all . 
  i can almost certainly confirm this . 
  i caught two pikachus outside my school today , and i 've never ever seen one on the radar before . 
  i keep an eye on the tracker while studying , so i know what usually spawns there . 
  have n't seen anything unusual besides those two pikachus though . 
  from the article :, 
   unfortunately for hdds , there is roughly a $ 40 price floor that they simply can not get under . 
  that 's the minimum dollar amount needed to provide the hdd casing , motors , heads , and other components -- regardless of how low the capacity is . 
  so if you want to accurately compare ssds and hdds as technologies , you need to compare the lowest $ / gb units of each , not what they cost at a certain capacity point . 
  if you specifically need a 1tb drive , then by all means , compare those drives . 
  to be fair , deciding what to eat does have a lot more variables . 
  there are hard problems , and then there are * really * hard problems . 
  what does 11m .90 mean ? 
  i upgraded to an ssd on an old sata ii pc two years ago . 
  the change was just as transformative as on a sata iii computer . 
  latency is everything . 
   who determines correctly ? 
  in the end , historians . 
  history is full of products of democracy , whose quality is widely agreed on . 
  for things happening now , we can only make educated guesses . 
  dragonite is overrated as a defender imo , unless you just need the highest cp possible . 
  if it were n't for lapras it would be the best defender in the game , but lapras is just such a spectacularly good counter . 
  snorlax and lapras are the best defenders in the current meta , because they do n't have any real counters . 
  people who worry about performance are not necessarily rich . 
  karjakin 's highest rating ever is 2788 , which he achieved over 5 years ago . 
  i wo n't say he has necessarily peaked , but he is 26 after all , it seems unlikely he 'll become significantly stronger at this point . 
  nope you 're correct , all that matters for attackers is good movesets . 
  launched at 23:45 european time , they kept their word !, 
  [ according to wikipedia , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shannon_number ) an upper bound for the number of legal positions has been found at 10 ^ 46.7 positions , slightly lower than the number of atoms in the earth but still far beyond what real computers will ( probably ) ever be able to calculate or store . 
  however , it 's possible to evaluate all positions where there are only a few pieces left on the board .
