remember , every pixel on that image is a whole chunk , some of those occeans are still pretty large . 
  make a large biomes world and you could probably find a whole square kilometre of open occean fairly easily . 
  i personally love that they are reducing them a bit , traveling over occean for two hours just to find a different biome is n't something i 'm going to miss . 
  obviously physics is a big part of the picture , but economics will likely stop moore 's law before we reach the physical limits . 
  shrinking the transistors gets harder and more expensive every time , but in the past this was always offset by an ever-growing pc market . 
  this is no longer the case though . 
  pc sales are stagnating , and the profit margins in the tablet/phone space are too low to keep up with the growing r&d costs . 
  there are other factors as well , like the fact that new process nodes do n't reduce power consumption anywhere near as much as they did in the past . 
  power consumption is critical in a time where nearly all cpus go into mobile units , which makes it less economically viable to keep pouring billions of dollars into r&d . 
  of course , physics is fundamentally causing these issues . 
  however , with infinite resources , we could have pushed moore 's law even further and faster , but because of economics , the true physical limits will not be reached anytime soon . 
  brilliant guide !, 
  nice details with the bushes . 
  but , log corners on a stone cottage ? 
  which mods/textures did you use ? 
  that water is gorgeous, 
  in most laptops of that size , it is fairly easy to replace the hard drive . 
  take a screwdriver and try open it up , find the hard drive and see if you can remove it . 
  do n't worry , you wo n't damage anything as long as do n't touch the circuitboards or wear fleece-jackets . 
  however , there may very well be other things wrong with your laptop , and pretty much any laptop in sale today will be much faster and lighter . 
  if i were you , i would buy a new one , as long as it 's not completely economically unviable for you . 
  prisjakt.no and prisguide.hardware.no are great sites for finding laptops in norway . 
  they list nearly all laptops sold in norway , and will show you which store sells them the cheapest . 
  you can sort all laptops by price , or only show laptops with certain properties ( weighs less than 2kg , cheaper than 5000 nok , etc ), 
  wow . 
  what is this post doing not on top . 
  more pictures would be awesome though . 
  this woman has discovered the secret to all medicin !, 
  all doctors hate her !, 
  click here to learn the secret for free . 
  9.25 months is a long time on the internet . 
  reminders are wonderful for small quirks like this , and i just learned something new !, 
  got ta make the video public , i ca n't watch it, 
  edit : he fixed it, 
  really well made tutorial . 
  i loved how you started showing the build processes in completely empty locations , it makes it much much easier to follow . 
  i also loved how you clearly split the tutorial into sections . 
  one thing you should think about , is that lot of people will immideately leave when they see a 30-minute video . 
  make sure you start the video by saying that people can skip to mm : ss if they are well-versed in redstone . 
  you should also think about splitting the parts into separate videos , because as i mentioned , many people will just close the tab the second they see 30 + minutes . 
  speeding up your building a bit would obviously also help in this regard . 
  on an unrelated note , you seem to have set yourself really high standards for your tutorial making . 
  that 's great , but make sure you 're not too hard on yourself , otherwise you 'll get tired of it pretty quickly . 
   find a nice balance between perfect videos and not spending a month making each one . 
  that 's right , your video was so detailed i 'm advising you to make them worse !, 
  i hope to see more of them though , this was brilliant and useful . 
  actually , finding an npc that sells saddles is extremely rare , even if you find a butcher and make lots of trades with him . 
  so saddles and horse armour are certainly big incentives to find chests . 
  name tags are also , after all , still exclusive to chests , let 's wait for the actual update before we judge . 
  also , free gold and diamonds is something you never get enough of . 
  i 'm really torn on this one . 
  on one hand , i realize that many people around the world simply can not afford to upgrade , especially in asia . 
  but at the same time , i just want xp to die , man . 
  i feel sorry for anyone who still has to use it . 
  the 2ds is just designed to be a lower-and product , it 's not nintendo abandoning 3d . 
  i am not a particular fan of the 3d used today though ( it 's just not very good ) , and if it does n't improve , i think it 's gon na lose its momentum quickly . 
  the statue was cool and all , but holy fuck i wan na live on that mountain !, 
  the colours represent different biomes , it 's a huge map that shows how biomes will be laid out in the upcoming 1.7 update . 
  more info : https://mojang.com/2013/08/minecraft-world-generator-update/, 
  maybe he just did n't like the iron door . 
  i would sure hate to push that tiny button every time i enter the house . 
  graphene is n't about die shrinks though , it 's about the extremely low power consumption , and related potential for much higher frequencies . 
  if graphene can be mass-produced to run on , say , 100 ghz , the transistors could be on mikrometre scale and still run code much faster than silicon on regular , sequental workloads . 
  if it happens to be possible to make them even smaller than silicon , that 's a nice bonus , but not the main goal with graphene . 
  why do n't you put on your grey hat and put some harmless 80s trojan on your bosses ' computer , saying that someone must have guessed the password and `` hacked '' the computer . 
  nothing scares bosses more than pixelated black skulls flashing across their screen . 
  then kindly suggest that you decide the password policy from now on . 
  her parents probably thought cognitive science sounded like a good career path . 
  no wonder so many stem graduates ca n't get jobs after college . 
  start enchanting your pickaxes , once you get a good fortune pickaxe you get like 20 diamonds from each vein , 
  i really hope this will one day find its way into vanilla minecraft . 
  such a great way to make the minecraft experience more immersive , without ruining the `` minecraft feeling '', 
  most people have tons of unused shader hardware sitting around in their gpus anyway , so as long as the shaders are modestly used , they wo n't hit performance much . 
  you must have been lucky with the saddles , according to the [ minecraft wiki ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/trading#butcher ) , the chance is only 2.5 % . 
  at that point you do have an infinite supply though , which ruins it a bit for dungeon . 
  i think i 'm just used to chests being almost completely useless , a `` cool find '' at best , and then they became slightly useful again in 1.6 , and i felt content . 
  i would still be really pleasantly surprised if they added some more unique dungeon items in 1.7 , because as you say , they are still an underutilized feature . 
  this guide should be called * `` minecraft : hardcore hardcore mode '' *, 
  that 's the * trailer ? 
  * holy shit . 
  they look awesome , good luck !, 
  problems such as transistor delay need to be improved ofc , hopefully graphene will help in that regard too . 
  the speed of light is also not an insurmountable obstacle at 100ghz , the microarchitecture just needs to be designed so that signals never need to travel more than ~ 3mm in one clock cycle . 
  this is already mostly the case with modern cpus , as moving signals around costs a lot of power . 
  r&d is maybe the biggest problem . 
  silicon already works mindblowingly well , after more than 40 years of intense research . 
  getting graphene up to ( and beyond ) the level of silicon is going to require many , many years of intense and expensive research , requiring a * huge * up-front investment for anyone who ever wants to sell a graphene chip . 
  not many companies have the resources to do these long-term investments . 
  intel certainly does , and hopefully they will make the investments that are necessary . 
  all the other foundries will then be forced to follow , since no one wants to be left behind with nothing but silicon when/if graphene takes off . 
  it is currently in closed beta . 
  100 active players were chosen at random to participate in the beta , and no further invites have been issued . 
  afaik there has been no word on release date . 
  for more info , see the [ wiki article ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/minecraft_realms ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/version_history/development_versions ) is ususally a good place to start . 
  as you can see , no updates . 
  the blog post linked in this thread is really the only interesting thing that has happened recently :, 
  where is the link ? 
  try throwing it on the ground , maybe it 'll turn into a big diamond statue, 
  sounds good to me .
