  obviously from an optimization standpoint they should * always * be inlined , but it made it almost impossible to see where errors were coming from . 
  they probably did check the correct one . 
  starter pok\u00e9mon fall into the 66 % -82 % slot when asking the trainer . 
  why do you assume that ? 
  at 2.1 ghz , it 's barely faster than a 6700k even with a perfectly parallel workload . 
  might even be slower than the upcoming 7700k . 
  why not ? 
  the 6900k has 8 cores and runs at 3.2 ghz , so i 'd expect amd to release something similar , but hopefully at a lower price . 
  he also stutters much less as soon as he starts talking about the games . 
  he 's probably just slightly uncomfortable giving non-technical interviews . 
  i 'd like to think he thought of that a little earlier . 
  if intel only sold quad cores , what cpus would they sell for $ 300 + ? 
  i 'm not sure how much are joking , but perpetual checks seem to occur more frequently than in regular chess . 
  stalemate and 50-move rule not so much . 
  but it did find nd5 ... almost immediately too . 
  it just happened to find the win after rxg6 first . 
  it 's just a keyboard shortcut , no need to get nostalgic . 
  12 degrees celsius for those wondering . 
  could you post that data ? 
  lots of people would be really interested in it . 
  that only works if you are white , and even then only if black is slightly cooperative . 
  if white wants to fight , black will have to fight back . 
  so you 've actually never tried an ssd ? 
  you should do that . 
  you are punchable to someone if you remind them of someone they dislike . 
  the table about 1/3 through the article says that electrons travel through silicon at about 10 ^ 5 m/s . 
  am i really reading that right ? 
  that means electrons travel about 0.3 mm per clock cycle for a 3.3 ghz processor , which seems awfully slow . 
   electric charge moves at nearly the speed of light , but electrons themselves do n't move all that fast . 
  which one matters for sending signals from one side of the cpu to the other ? 
  what makes you think facts will matter next time ? 
  on an unrelated note , those walls look epic . 
  i am currently working on my first walled-in fortress , any advice ? 
  is n't it annoying that the invaders can seek cover and rummage around underneath the overhang ? 
   its 10 years old and really did n't age well at all, 
  it did n't ? 
  sure it looks much worse than modern aaa titles , but i think it looks damn good for its age . 
  that would n't be truthful though . 
  climate change is bad , but it wo n't give the earth a dense , acidic atmosphere 500 degrees hot . 
  also render distance , nothing shows the game 's poor render distance as a mountain biome . 
  even at the maximum render distance , which most computers ca n't handle , things pop out way too quickly . 
  do you know approximately how much of their velocity is due to gravity assists , as opposed to that from the engines ? 
  you realize there are dozens of other stars within 15 light-years from earth . 
  voyager 1 has barely left the solar system . 
  he probably did n't prepare it for this particular game . 
  he ( or his seconds ) may have found it years ago , but he did n't get to use it until today . 
  does javafx work properly on it now ? 
  dual sli , is that 4 cards ? 
  statistics * do * matter , you just have to look at the right ones . 
  [ median income ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income ) , for instance , is much more relevant to most people than gdp or even gdp per capita . 
  for some reason , my new fortress is n't getting an outpost liaison or a dwarf caravan beyond the first year . 
  according to the wiki this indicates that my civ is extinct , but i am getting tons of migrants , [ and my civ seems extant from the civ screen . 
  * playing v0 .43.06 , vanilla, 
  * it 's my 2nd fortress in this world , the first fell quickly due to goblin fun . 
  * world is medium size , currently in year 555, 
  * human and elf caravans are arriving as normal, 
  is this a bug or has something crazy happened in my world ? 
  is there a way to figure out if this is the case ? 
   rust went through many iterations of package managers before coming up with today 's cargo, 
  does anyone have more info to share about this ? 
  it seems ... obvious that it should work how it does now , which is a great thing , but what did it take to arrive on that design ? 
  64-bit support please !, 
  many problems seem to stem from lotro being stuck at 32-bit . 
  they absolutely do not need to re-create the engine . 
  if the engine is designed properly , the compiler will do most of the work . 
  certainly there 's going to be a lot of digging around in the internals , especially to take full advantage of 64-bit , but it should be manageable for someone familiar with with the engine . 
  wow has shipped as both 32-bit and 64-bit for years , so there 's certainly precedent . 
  the real hurdle is finding 64-bit versions for all the libraries the game uses , such as sound , input , networking , etc. 
  they need 64-bit versions of all those , which may or may not exist . 
  i suspect this is what 's been holding them back . 
  not enforcing it server side would be way too stupid for reality . 
  the people looking for glitches wo n't have it that easy . 
  are you talking about latency or throughput ? 
  modern cpus still take 3 cycles for add and 5 for multiplication iirc , but you can issue a new op every cycle if it does n't depend on the previous result . 
  edit : my numbers are off , see below . 
  not necessarily , maybe werebeasts only transform at the * start * of a full moon , not if they are born during one . 
  similar to how infected dwarves only transform at the next full moon . 
  black 's knight at f6 is trapped - wherever it goes , it gets captured . 
  in particular , if it jumps to h5 , white respons with pawn to g4 traps , and it 's still trapped . 
  black knows he 's going to lose a knight anyway , so he decides to sacrifice the other one . 
  thank you for the correction , i checked intel 's optimization manual and there it was , 1 cycle latency and 0.25 cycle throughput . 
  i could n't find the numbers for floating point operations there but i 'm willing to take your word for it . 
  unfortunately the game is completely single threaded , so anything beyond an i3 wo n't really help you . 
  what if the astronauts pointed a flashlight at hubble ? 
  it would n't see the astronauts , but would it see a light source ? 
  most homicides are n't planned in advance though . 
   it 's that simple . 
  it really is n't , you just have a simplistic view . 
  things are very rarely simple in statistics . 
  you should have showed him a game fps locked at 12 fps , he 'd change his mind pretty quickly . 
  i mean , at 12 fps you can * count * the frames . 
  your screen 's refresh rate is almost certainly 60 fps , i 've never seen anything else on even the cheapest piece of shit laptops . 
  30 fps is honestly fine if you are used to it , especially in slow-paced games like minecraft . 
  the input lag at 30fps is much more annoying than the framerate itself imo . 
  that said , once you go 60fps it 's hard to go back . 
  i think they were reacting to the 60fps number , unless they have n't been paying attention to video cards the last few years . 
  both of our posts are completely off topic , but people have tried to create better human languages before and [ actually been fairly successful . 
  i 'm really not sure what you 're saying with this comment . 
  thank you for backing your opinion with facts and reason . 
  when congress does stupid shit it 's usually because somebody will make a lot of money off it .
