   [ ... ] not to mention ssds will be old tech by then . 
  i 'm sure tons of people said the same about hard drives back in 1970 , too . 
  but lo and behold , 1980 came and went and 44 years later they 're still just starting to be replaced by ssds . 
  memristors are exiting for sure , but it 's not a certainty that the technology will work out on mass scales anytime soon . 
  hard drives did n't slow down though . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  really , the most awesome thing about this is the non-broken rivers . 
  that river has banks , * banks !, 
  * it does n't just arbitrarily cut vertically through the terrain like vanilla rivers do to all mountainous areas . 
  it would be fantastic to actually have rivers in my world again , and not have to drastically reduce how common they are in world presets . 
  have you got a download for this ? 
  just the quests , really . 
  quests in runescape are fantastic , and having them in 07 would complete the game imo . 
  this this this . 
  all remotely modern game engines add * at least * three frames of latency to all your actions . 
  with 30 fps , no matter what else you do , you will always have 100ms of latency . 
  in addition , you get controller input lag , screen latency , etc etc. 
  60 fps reduces this baseline lag to 50ms , and higher framerates reduce it further . 
  this alone makes a * huge * difference between 30/60 fps . 
  he 's asking you to post the link . 
  this really puts into perspective just how far behind modpacks have fallen . 
  i hope 1.8 adoption is quicker . 
  dude , that 's disgusting . 
  would probably work on eoc with grand exchange . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  they use the extra power to render more complicated scenes instead , so the sum stays the same . 
  of course , making the consoles ' hardware less shitty * would * actually increase their power draw , but could save a year 's worth of that by biking to work tomorrow . 
  as someone who `` only '' knows him as the creator of c , what are the other things he has done ? 
  the wikipedia article on him is woefully short . 
  this has very little to do with java , you can program a gpu just as well in java as you can in any programming language . 
  the only real problem with java is bigger general cpu overhead , stuttering due to the garbage collector , and memory usage . 
  these can usually be worked around . 
  it all comes down to the developers actually spending the time on implementing these graphics . 
  this is not at all trivial , and you really want someone with lots of prior experience working with opengl , someone who knows its quirks . 
  there 's also the issue of compatibility with older opengl versions , which has been hotly debated around here many times before : one of minecraft 's strength is its ability to run on ancient hardware . 
  they could always have a fallback option , but that introduces a whole new set of problems to be solved . 
  so far mojang have seemed focused on gameplay and improved modding/command blocks support . 
  tl ; dr : it 's about the developers dedicating time to it , not java . 
  yup . 
  it would also take a long time , and probably make the codebase much harder to maintain . 
  if i were them , i would n't bother either . 
   granted , both of these things would require significant changes to the language ( forth notation moreso , with its implied stack ) , but hey - as long as we 've nailed 8 legs to this dogtopus , we cail nail on a few more !, 
  more like 500 . 
  i clicked the link thinking you were exaggerating , but wow ... how can any self-respecting gaming site post pictures like that ? 
  not only were they in potato resolution , they had horrible compression artefacts too . 
  another site i just lost all respect for . 
  usb3 is n't really a bottleneck in real-world scenarios , because most reads are gon na be non-sequential . 
  there are lots of crazy fast flash drives out there . 
  most people do n't care enough about flash drive performance to buy them . 
  the second half of your tip seems a bit redundant . 
  if house taught me anything , it 's that it 's always a single correct answer . 
  oh , and lupus . 
  however , it * is * possible to just generate a ton of random seeds until one of them resembles a region of earth . 
  it 's pretty complicated to do in practice , but i would n't be surprised if someone has done it . 
  quick !, 
  everyone hoard trimmed amulets of magic !, 
  not if someone proves that the p versus np problem has a positive solution !, 
  yes , i 'm sure there was no activity in your chatbox for all of those 90 minutes . 
  it sounds very interesting . 
  downsampled ? 
  filthy casual . 
   currently the game allocates ( and throws away immediately ) 50 mb/sec when standing still and up to 200 mb/sec when moving . 
  wow . 
  as a java programmer , that is absolutely terrifying . 
  for professional andriod game developers , the garbage collector is a big ugly monster , always drowsing lightly under your code . 
  if awoken , it will trample and wreak havoc all over your code for several frames , and utterly destroy any hope you had of getting fluid gameplay . 
  consequently , they avoid allocating memory in their main game loop like the plague , preferably allocating none at all . 
  maybe in 2014 you can get away with a little bit of allocation , but it 's certainly something everyone still thinks about . 
  of course desktop machines have an extra order of magnitude of cpu power to go on , so the big ugly garbage collector monster wo n't do as much damage , as long as you make sure he gets to sleep most of the time . 
  but 200 * megabytes * per second ? 
  i too , like creating lots of immutable throwaway objects , but optimizing a bit is n't always the root of all evil . 
  maybe they should get a developer or two from the pe team to work on the desktop engine ? 
  maybe you could talk about why 1.8 allocates more memory instead of talking about where it does n't , because it does seem to be the case . 
  a lot of people are extremely frustrated with the performance of 1.8 , and we would all appreciate more information , just to know that you are aware of it and working to improve things . 
  it would certainly make you come off as less angry . 
  are your drivers and java version up to date ? 
  sometimes gross hacks are needed to make a game run well . 
  in java they might be particularly gross , but i think it would be worth it . 
  java 's garbage collector is being continually improved , so updating to java 8 could very well help . 
  also , when people with modern and `` mainstream '' hardware have awful performance issues that the developers do n't have , it 's very often an issue with outdated software . 
  developers tend to keep theirs up to date , and may forget that not everyone is as particular about that . 
  [ turned 92 in may . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christopher_lee ), 
  so * that 's * why . 
  i always wondered if they just moved around with the npcs they represented or something . 
  that makes no sense for a bunch of reasons , ofc , but it 's the best explanation i could ever come up with . 
  thank you , now runescape makes a little more sense . 
  op needs to stop posting dumb comments or [ he 'll lose any chance of getting it . 
  only when performing sequential read though . 
  write speeds will be half that , and anything involving random access will suck . 
  then again you have 2 tb of ssds so who cares . 
  i think i speak for everyone here when i say we need a source !, 
  this is tricky to do , normally all light calculations are done ln the server and then sent to the client , which might not work well at all for laggy connections . 
  they 'd have to come up with a way for the client to `` overwrite '' the server 's light calculations or something similar . 
  they can do that of course , but it 's a fair amount of work , so i can see how they do n't want to prioritize it . 
   32 tabs increased my memory commitment to 2.9 gb, 
   chrome is n't that ineffecient, 
  not sure if trolling or not . 
  hard drive manufacturers care too . 
  that 's the great thing , they 're not lying .
