  it just means that over time , the price of memory will keep decreasing as it has in the past . 
  it would need a constant supply of coal though . 
  furnace minecarts burn through coal much quicker than normal furnaces , so it would be unfeasable for longer periods . 
  that 's different , because if the tennis ball is being passed back from your opponent , it already has lots of momentum . 
  i 'm simplifying a lot here , but when it hits the racket , the balls gets back a lot of the momentum , in addition to the new momentum gained from the movement of the racket . 
  even in a serve , the ball can actually still move faster than the racket , because of the stiffness of the racket . 
  it is deformed by the ball , and immediately tries to regain its optimal state , which gives the ball it little bit of extra momentum . 
  this is why millions of dollars have been spent researching the optimal racket designs , instead of just everyone using heavy wooden clubs . 
  lastly , when moved in an arch , the racket is moving significantly faster than your hand , which also makes the tennis balls move faster than what it feels like they should . 
  this is particularly noticable with baseballs bats , since they are longer than an average tennis racket . 
  still , who the fuck uses a stack of coal blocks just to grow some crops faster . 
  if it were 20nm , we would have known , nvidia would n't be shy about it if they suddenly launched the world 's most advanced process tech . 
  the global tech press would also be going crazy . 
  besides , launching a new process node on a low-end mobile gpu would be ... an interesting move , to say the least . 
  in other words , would never happen . 
  male teacher in an all-girls school ? 
  i do n't think it was that kind of school . 
  still helps . 
  norwegian here , can confirm , although iirc our income taxes and employer 's tax are actually a few percentage points lower than what you give here . 
  however , most people are also aware of this and are fine with it , because it pays for things like ( almost ) free health care , free universities , guaranteed pensions , payment for long-time sickness , etc. 
  try buying alcohol , cigarettes or gas with that $ 100 though . 
  cba do the exact math , but the government will probably get somewhere north of 90 % of it for alcohol and cigarettes . 
  free healthcare is expensive . 
  / thread, 
  i was n't saying that those taxes are a bad thing , i personally think they are the way to go . 
  for alcohol , they are also way higher in norway than in sweden , evidenced by the the thousands of norwegians that drive to sweden regularly to pick up a few bottles of wine . 
  but it defintely has a positive effect on society . 
  while it does sort of work that way , it 's the kind of liberalistic `` everyone pays for themselves and no else '' - argument that no one would dare to use in a serious political debate here . 
  you might even get accused of trying to `` americanize '' society , which is of course dangerously simplified but it gets used from time to time . 
  to a norwegian politician ( at least when speaking publically ) , alcohol and tobacco taxes are simply there because of their proven benefits to alcohol/tobacco consumption ; i doubt they would even mention the state-funded anti-smoking commercials that the taxes indirectly pay for . 
  it 's really more of a sociological and cultural thing than an economic thing . 
  scandinavia has a long history , especially since ww2 , of believeing in the country 's collective effort and putting a lot of trust in the government , unlike certain other countries . 
  the us is of course an easy comparison to make ; the country was created as a land of freedom where everyone could come and farm or start a business , unencumbered by governments getting in the way with their regulations , taxes and wars . 
  this is now completely engraved in the culture - if you want hot meals , recreation and day care , you pay for a private school and a nanny . 
  even if ( and also when ) the us had only 10 million inhabitants , this probably would n't be much different . 
  back in europe , the size difference becomes more important . 
  building this kind of `` collective effort '' to improve schools etc just works alot better in smaller contries where everyone identifies strongly with the same background , and the government is less distanced from the population . 
  at least in the case for norway , the post-war government also put a lot of work into building this idea of collective effort , because they believed it would be for the best of the country . 
  also , having much less history of being fucked over by the upper classes certainly helps people trust that the government is using their hard-earned money for sensible stuff . 
  pretty sure you 're confusing it with something else . 
  dark side of the moon is an album , and none of the songs on it are typical four chord party-songs . 
  is there a name for that too ? 
  how come he does n't mention abolishing the winner-takes-all system ? 
  or to set the borders permanently and then only change the number of representatives elected from each electorate ? 
  it 's working well elsewhere in the world , and they seem like much better solutions than those he is proposing . 
  then 30 seconds later your whole house in burning . 
  then another 30 seconds later it 's just some burning log stumps . 
  handheld devices and ios are only mentioned in the second graph , which admittedly should n't have been put there at all . 
  but the first graph only shows desktop and laptops as expected , and it completely supports the article headline ( not the reddit headline though ! ), 
  as well as the rest of the article . 
  kudos to this website for at least trying to include the exact source , and not just state things without any backup . 
  that 's only the reddit title chosen by op , the article 's title is fine . 
  blame the messenger . 
  should have put 2011 in there . 
  would have been almost twice as cheap as 2012 , and with nearly no decrease to 2014 . 
  does the new jre have any significant performance improvements for legacy code , like jre 7 did ? 
  it does n't seem to be mentioned anywhere . 
   300 mrps ( million rays per second ), 
  umm , is this really that much ? 
  forgive me if i only have a basic understanding of ray tracing , but running 1080p@60hz, assuming one ray per pixel , that 's already 124 million rays per second . 
  with simple shadows and a few light sources , that 300mrps budget is gon na run out pretty quickly . 
  not to mention aa . 
  if you want to do it console-style with 720p@30hz, then things are looking a bit better , but i really hope that is n't the future . 
   this reminds me of the star registry where you get a star named after you . 
  this is a scam , the names you pay for get no official recognition anywhere . 
  all new stars are given systematic names consisting of numbers and digits , and there 's pretty much no way to influence that . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.iau.org/public/themes/buying_star_names ), 
  edit : accidentally an ( important ) word, 
  it 's interesting seeing that amd and nvidia are going in completely different directions with regards to memory . 
  amd is pushing hard towards a unified memory space for the cpu and gpu with their hsa initiative , while nvidia seems to be going completely opposite . 
  they talked about the pascal architecture having a 2-4x increase in both capacity and bandwidth of the on-board memory , which is going to be massive . 
  the 5-12x bandwidth increase to main memory means you could share data between the cpu and gpu much more easily too , but it 's still nothing like an actual unified memory space . 
  i 'm really curious as to how this will play out ; it 's been a long time since the gpu manufacturers have done something this fundamentally different . 
  or they just forgot to shut down limewire and it sits there for months eating all the bandwidth . 
  that caught my eye as well . 
  it has one more than haswell and three more than sandy bridge - that 's 50 % more execution units than the microarchitecture that still beats any non-intel cpu in raw performance and ipc . 
  i 'm dying to see a proper ipc comparison between cyclone and haswell , that is , not a javascript benchmark that goes through a dozen layers of abstractions with varying amounts of optimization . 
  i suspect intel still has a commanding lead in pure ilp , simple because apple is still new in this game , and it takes some time to mould a relatively simple arm core into something resembling intel 's cutting-edge ooo core . 
  throwing more execution ports at the problem , although impressive , is not really that hard , and does n't help if you ca n't feed them . 
  still , the year-on-year performance numbers speak for themselves ; apple has made enormous strides in just two years , so this will be interesting to follow . 
  or try this organic copper supplement !, 
  only $ 40 for three month 's supply . 
  there 's no way it has only four , where did you read that ? 
  i 'm sure it 's possible in theory , with lots of semi-specialized registers and register mapping etc , but i do n't see why anyone would want to subject themselves to those horrors . 
  not saying you 're wrong , but could you elaborate ? 
  * globalfoundries . 
  tsmc makes nvidia 's gpus . 
  should be a lot easier in a game where making a new account costs a fortune . 
  story ? 
  i do n't know who this is . 
  i ended up writing a full eli5 answer for this , so bear with me :, 
  people often tend to think of light as waves , but this is an incomplete description - light simultaneously has properties of both waves and particles . 
  this is obviously extremely simplified , but physists either think of it as lots of waves , or as a shower of particles ( photons ) , depending on the situation . 
  it essentially has properties of both , but keeping one of the models in mind at the time can make it a lot easier to gain intuition . 
  for this situation , if you see light as a wave , it does n't make much sense that light can push a space craft off its course , even though the phenomenon has been confirmed numerous times . 
  however , if you think of light as a particle , it seems perfectly logical !, 
  consider this thought experiment : a spacecraft is standing completely still in empty space , with engines off and nothing pulling it in any direction . 
  then , it is hit by a ball - the impact will nudge the space craft very slightly , and it will start to slowly drift in that direction . 
  if the ball is heavy and the craft is light , it will move faster .
