  iirc , they will try to break down doors on all difficulties , but only ever succeed on hard . 
  13 people ( and counting ) already did . 
  nvidia and amd will launch new graphics cards on a new microarchitecture this spring . 
  then 660 will become last-gen and the price will come down . 
  i ca n't shake off the thought that this post is a giant troll , and i 'll get blown to pieces when i try it . 
  it quite definitely * would * fuck up the `` natural '' environment there , but that 's kinda the point . 
  it 's like fertilizing a ( literally ) lifeless desert , except much more awesome . 
  yes , you change what happened to be there when humans first came along , but does it really matter ? 
  i 'm sure there are some crazy desert-fanatics out there , but i think most people would n't mind having more productive and biodiverse land . 
  or making another planet fucking habitable . 
  i noticed the same thing . 
  i just thought it was because i came straight out of ftb and was used to 15 different ores in every little cave branch . 
  it would be awesome if someone could test this . 
  dude , bring a fire staff + nats . 
  you can high-alch all the steel , mithril and rune drops there , and build up a nice cash and mage exp bonus . 
  did you check that the cpu and wlan card are not soldered to the motherboard or otherwise unchangeable ? 
  also , sounds like just buying a new laptop would have been cheaper . 
  except that when adjusting for inflation , products with the same absolute price actually become * cheaper * . 
  to properly answer your question , no , going 3d is not cheating , moore 's law is only about more transistors/price , and you can do that however you want . 
  however , 3d turns out to still be far , far more challenging than putting more transistor in a flat plane , so 2d is how it will happen at least for the next 6-8 years . 
  i think this is the most important reason . 
  in 5-7 years , when apple releases their first  4gb iphone , all the iphones on the market that developers care about will be running a 64-bit cpu . 
  app developers will then be used to 64-bit , and can also make apps exclusively for 64-bit . 
  this provides a performance boost in some cases , and just makes developers ' lives easier , which is pretty fucking important for a platform . 
  the 64  32 marketing argument should not be ignored though . 
  it 's certainly a part of the picture , and 64-bit does hold a significant performance advantage in some select cases . 
  although it 's not gon na be the biggest leap yet , it 's another nice incremental improvement . 
  the original iphone , released june 2007 , had 128mb of memory , 1/8 of the 5s . 
  following that progression we 'll be looking at 8gb around 2018-2019 , probably some time later , since more memory consumes more power and physical space , which are sacred in a phone . 
  especially since no one really needs 8 gb on their phones . 
  yes , yes , 640k was supposed to be enough for anyone , but look at desktops . 
  4gb has been fairly common for over 5 years , and you still do n't need more unless you are doing high-end gaming or content creation . 
  2gb is already more than enough for your browser , your word documents and your excel spreadsheets - 8gb is not coming to your iphone for quite a few years yet . 
  wait , $ 1 billion ? 
  at $ 60 per copy , that 's 16.7 million copies , which should put it among the best-selling video games of all times , * after three days * . 
  i 'm still trying to locate a proper list of best-selling games , but holy fuck , rockstar has done an amazing job on development as well as marketing . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  that 's the most beautiful pun i 've read in weeks . 
  this wo n't change that , they 'll probably keep changing sockets every two years . 
  so that means new socket for skylake in 2015 , and there 's no reason why intel would n't obsolete that socket again with their 2017 processors . 
  this is certainly interesting . 
  intel 's next desktop cpus probably wo n't arrive until h2 2015 , a year after amd moves their gpus to 20nm . 
  if amd can get its cpus to 20nm without too much delay , we 'll actually see amd with a process lead on the desktop , something i never thought i would see again . 
  if they can couple that with a reasonably competitive architecture , we 're suddenly back with amd and intel being toe to toe in the cpu race . 
  i am somewhat of an intel fanboy myself , but god i hope this happens , it will make everything so much more interesting . 
  to be fair , intel has ditched high-end users even more . 
  at least amd will still release a new cpu every year or so , and steamroller will hopefully provide a substantial ( rumoured ~ 30 % ) increase in ipc . 
  which can not be said for the giant `` meh '' that was ivy bridge and haswell . 
  first off , i need to correct your usage of `` workstation '' . 
  in the hardware world , a workstation is usually understood as a powerful , high-end computer used for heavy workloads like video editing , 3d simulations or other scientific work . 
  for those people , moore 's law could go on for 20 more years and they would still desparately crave more computing power . 
  you also contradict yourself when you say that the rise of ssds proves that computing requiresment have stagnated . 
  ssds are popular because hard drives * suck * performance-wise , and some people are willing to sacrifice capacity for the speed boost . 
  other people spend more money on buying both , and get the best of both worlds . 
  but ssds have become a massive boost for casual-use performance , and in 2006 they did n't even exist . 
  as for memory and cpu requirements , yes , they have plateaued slightly compared to earlier years , due to a ton of factors . 
  one of them is that nearly all development now happens for mobile devices , where there 's little memory and everything is about saving power . 
  memory requirements might start increasing again after phones and tablets hit 4gb , which is still a couple of years away , but it 's hard to tell . 
  memory is cheap and getting cheaper anyway , so i 'm not too worried . 
  another factor is that cpus are getting slower at a very slow rate , they pretty much hit a wall around 2005 . 
  microsoft ca n't keep doubling cpu requirements for every windows version when they only get 30 % faster . 
  i could go on for a long time , but the bottom line is that yes , software requirements are increasing more slowly than before . 
  which imo is just awesome , it means a 6-year old computer with an ssd and windows 7/8 still runs for casual use . 
  not to mention all the * thinking * you do n't have to do when simply recreating someone else 's work . 
  not just designing the gameplay and all the minute details that come along with it , but also how you solve all the technical challenges . 
  example : okay , so you want randomly generated terrain for your game . 
  even a decicion as fundamental as making the world consist of independantly generated `` chunks '' based on a predetermined seed is not an obvious one at all . 
  furthermore , should caves be generated alongside the surface , or completely separately ? 
  how should you deal with varying climates ? 
  etc etc. 
  before you can even * start * implementing terrain generation , there are tons of similar problems that you need to solve . 
  i bet you notch spent weeks just thinking about these things , while for this guy on youtube , the problems were already solved . 
  any minecraft nerd knows reasonably well all these things now work , and can go straight to writing the code for it . 
  it 's a different world . 
  to clarify , this does not only apply to the terrain generator . 
  similar challenges abound with things like physics , mob interaction and rendering . 
  re-engineering games is really really hard , but alot easier than building them from scratch . 
  they did say that graphics performance was up 50 % , which sounds like alot hd 5000 . 
  the old hd 4000 had 16 execution units ( or whatever intel calls them ) , the 4400 has 20 , and the 5000 has 40 but clocked lower . 
  so there 's no way the 4400 is anywhere near 50 % faster , unless of course they are comparing old drivers to new drivers in a very specific benchmark , or some other shady marketing trick . 
  my money is on hd 5000 . 
  how big have these discounts been in the past ? 
  i would love to see the quad pack for $ 20 again , since i missed that chance last week . 
  nah , just throw all your electronic equipment into a furnace and go live in a cave on the south pole . 
  it works way better . 
  `` of course it 's trustworthy !, 
  sure , anyone can vote 1000 times simply by deleting their cookies , but that does n't mean we ca n't be trusted ! '', 
  sit back , take a deep breath , and take a look at the numbers . 
  as / u/themysteriousx rightly pointed out , your drive is going to outlast both you and your grandchildren at this rate . 
  for consumer workloads , you just do n't have to worry . 
  go put your games and pagefile and your ssd and enjoy a faster system instead , 
  tl ; dr : jagex has given up on stopping bots , and seems to have effectively allowed real-world trading . 
  for instance , you can buy 14 days of membership at the ge for 15m now . 
  ca n't tell if sarcastic or not . 
  did it in fact work well in eve online ? 
  ima just go straight to ge and start dumping stuff . 
  this sounds like a great way to introduce hyper-deflation . 
  oh , this update will quite certainly stop gold farmers and remove lots of bots . 
  but it 's the easy way out . 
  you always knew this way an option , but only now did you become desparate enough to take it .
