  goes as clickbait in my book . 
  thankfully the youtube headline is good . 
  simple answer : no , not as long as the universe is infinite , which it appears to be . 
  the big bang happened at the same time everywhere , so there will always be more light from it reaching us from ever farther away . 
  it does get weaker over time , but very very slowly . 
  there are some more specific limits though . 
  in particular , the universe did n't become transparent until about 600000 years after the big bang . 
  so we ca n't see any light from before that ever , no matter how good our telescopes get . 
  fortunately , things like neutrinos and gravitational waves can be used to see further back , at least in theory . 
   and angular resolution, 
  not that one actually . 
  it could n't take an actual picture of a bumblebee , it would just be a point source ; a slightly brighter pixel on the image . 
  damn you 're clever . 
  lifetime subscription has n't been offered in nearly a decade , so those of who were n't diehard fans back then are still getting screwed . 
  the store is really poorly implemented , it 's just too immersion breaking and really takes away from the game . 
  loads of servers were merged a couple of years ago . 
  all the remaining servers are well populated now , fortunately . 
  well , it is called * best * of reports after all . 
  excellent single threaded performance while staying cheap , seems like a good choice . 
  just because they work in an office does n't mean they are computer illiterate . 
  wow , quad-core u-processors . 
  i was starting to think we 'd never get them . 
  yes , but only for single-threaded workloads , since its frequency will be * much * lower when all cores are active , probably in the 1.6-2 .2 ghz range . 
  hyperthreading will make up for some of it , but i still ca n't imagine it could beat a desktop chip . 
  i completely agree . 
  intel has been perfectly happy keeping their high-end low-voltage processors at two cores for a decade , while 3 or 4 cores has become completely mainstream in mid-end/high-end phones . 
  a year ago i honestly thought 4-core ~ 15w processors would just never arrive . 
  the same with reasonably priced 8-core cpus . 
  but suddenly amd became competitive again , and now we see what intel can do if they just try . 
  did he lose his cigar ? 
  maybe intel just did n't realize how * cheap * ryzen would be . 
  everything ryzen offers , intel already offers , but at a higher price , so perhaps the leaked benchmarks were n't that scary by themselves . 
  when they saw the launch prices they released amd actually had much better value and had to take action . 
  a refresh generally means it 's the exact same chip , just clocked/binned differently . 
  coffee lake will presumably be based on a new , albeit similar die . 
  it 's been a bit , but not enough to grow new trees . 
  spoilers , dude . 
  i think they * really * meant memory-safe language . 
  `` strongly typed '' does n't really mean anything anymore . 
  hold your downvotes guys , he was just answering a question . 
   raja said they could, 
  i do n't think he did , not really . 
  he just stated that it is * offered * by several vendors , that does n't mean amd can easily dual-source it . 
  if , for instance , the hbm stacks are of different sizes , supporting both will require a ton of engineering effort . 
  tried removing your weapon traps ? 
   the only arguement is social engineering , if you have enough info on your reddit account to get your account recovered by a hacker, 
  oh , sweet summer child . 
  you should learn to haggle . 
  do n't try it at walmart though . 
  everyone else has to do it . 
  if intel does n't want to , that 's stubbornness . 
  how long ago was it ? 
  the game still performs badly sometimes but it looks fucking amazing . 
  i wonder too but i ca n't possible upvote this title . 
  that 's why you grow a spirit tree to get you there quickly . 
   this is a known issue and is being fixed , first by a special-case in the borrow-checker ( because it 's a common pattern ) and then in general with non-lexical lifetimes . 
  is there a tracking issue for this ? 
  i would * love * for this to get fixed , it makes me use iterators much less than i would like . 
  they uploaded a [ separate hd version , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q671rlv20lg ) for some reason . 
  i think he is , but i imagine most upvoted are not . 
  / r/2007scape has gone full 4chan . 
  a quad-core i3 with hyperthreading is also completely implausible . 
  i thought for a bit , and it 's not unthinkable that intel could move to this line-up in the foreseeable future :, 
  intel has been stuck on the exact same core counts for so long , so i had started to think they would never make a significant jump again . 
  but if amd can do it , intel can too . 
  they just have n't had the incentive until now . 
  that 's unfortunately not at all how it works when somebody has a monopoly . 
  that 's why intel is suddenly making progress again . 
  friday, 
  maybe he meant white metal dragon . 
  great chance to add black metal dragons , ca n't believe they skipped those . 
  dude ravines were added in beta . 
  voxel based rendering really is n't that interesting . 
  sometimes when browsing memes it just feels so damn good to pause for a bit with a proper nonsense stream of consciousness post . 
  thank you good sir , keep up the good work . 
  one person downvoted it , and then everyone saw that and joined in . 
  how else would you do generic programming in c ? 
  what could be the reasons for the code breakage experienced by 7.5 % of users ? 
  i thought rust was 100 % backward compatible . 
  not dead , just more expensive than the competition . 
  now that intel has reduced the price and they 're all good . 
  bang patterns are still just a ghc extension , right ? 
  i 'd love to have them without extensions . 
  what exactly am i looking at ? 
  the star looks transparent . 
  if only minecraft 's engine could handle those render distances . 
  okay , so i pretty much quit runescape three years ( some very occasional playing ) , and i 've never done any combat after eoc launched . 
  now i want to get back to slayer and questing , and i realize i have no idea how anything works , or what equipment works well for combat and slayer training . 
  could anyone give me a quick overview ? 
  google turned out depressingly little . 
  edit : all my combat stats are in the 80s . 
  money is not really a problem when buying equipment . 
  since many similar courses can be studied in hundreds of places around the world , i 'm really curious about how you settled on your location , and also your course . 
  question is open-ended , answers from anywhere in the world are welcome . 
  i am currently trying to make a simple calculator in minecraft , but i have been stumped by a weird property of redstone torches . 
  when they are turned on by a two-tick negative pulse ( see video below ) , some of them stay turned on for the expected two ticks , while some turn off after one tick . 
  i have found absolutly no pattern , and even when placed in a completely regular array , the torches still behave differently from each other . 
  video : http://youtu.be/q6xbt3yis3s?t=2s ( 7x slowed down ), 
  repeating the experiment causes exactly the same torches to burn out early , but moving blocks in the circuit around , even far away , seems to randomly alter the results . 
  [ bird 's eye view of the circuit in the video ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wj5gzds.png ) , although the same thing happens with other designs .
