  people tend to overestimate the cost of prayer pots ; runes and food are usually a much bigger expense , depending on prices . 
  not to mention time . 
  barrows is so profitable anyway , you will significantly increase your gp/hour by doing more chests per run , pretty much regardless of how much you spend . 
  hehe , i know the feeling , i did barrows the exact same way for years just for fun . 
  maybe i 've played too much eoc to enjoy things like that anymore . 
  too inconvenient . 
  is there any way to collapse comments on hacker news ? 
  it 's really annoying when it looks just like reddit but i ca n't collapse comments . 
  what is that hat ? 
  sadly , 32-bit int is still the default in rust , so it 'll probably be the most used . 
  which is a pity imo , 99 % of the time those extra four bytes of memory and cache are n't going to matter . 
  also , rust is also supposed to be used for things like embedded devices and other environments that wo n't be 64-bit in a long long time . 
  maybe even 16-bit devices . 
  you 'll have to settle for smaller integers there . 
  edit : nvm , the default appears to be platform specific . 
  it might be , but it would be extremely hard . 
  the hardest part is unloading the chunk with the ender dragon within 10 seconds of dealing the final blow . 
  you would have to use ender pearls , but according to the wiki , even when thrown at an * optimal * angle , you will only go 51 blocks every 3.6 seconds , which is slighty less than the 150 blocks required . 
  however , if you manage to delay his death by a few seconds , by setting him on fire or shooting an arrow into the air that lands on him , it might be possible to pull it off . 
  but you only get one try per world , and it 's very easy to kill either yourself or the ender dragon , or for it to die in the wrong place . 
  another challenge is that you can only enter the end once , the only way to get out is to kill the dragon . 
  so you have to bring all the materials in one go , either in your backpack or in an ender chest , and gather all the end stone without dying . 
  you will also need to gather all your exp in that one trip , since the only way to return to the overworld is to permanently kill the ender dragon . 
  so you will have to successfully gather the end stone , build the farm , lure , trap and kill the dragon , and get all your exp * without returning to the overworld * . 
  once you are done , you will have to kill the dragon , and you can go back to the overworld and spend your exp . 
  of course , you can just consider your world `` won '' at this point , and never leave the end . 
  or , if you brought a fishing pole and water , spend the rest of your days enchanting fishing rods and bows for fun . 
  it 's probably what i would do , this farm is too awesome to just break like that . 
  you are absolutly right , i remembered that just after posting . 
  i have edited my post to reflect this . 
  watch the video . 
  it 's completely legit . 
  does anyone have a wallpaper version of this ? 
   there 's no nice formula , but for example ... 
  sure there is . 
  using the [ quadratic formula ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quadratic_formula ) you can solve for n ( levels ) where t is the time in seconds . 
  this assumes you start at level 0 . 
  n = ( 151.5 + sqrt ( 151.5 ^ 2 - 14 * ( 2220-900t ) ) ) / 7 , t \u2265 1 . 
  you can also solve for t to get the time required for a certain level . 
  t = ( 3.5 n ^ 2 - 151.5 n + 2220 ) / 900 , n \u2265 30, 
  so to answer / u/program _ miner 's question , level 9000 would require around 3 days and 15 hours . 
  i think it 's mostly crowded in f2p . 
  as someone whose mouse wheel is broken , this could n't be more welcome . 
  that 's what snapshots and release candidates are for though . 
  people should be able to trust that the major versions do n't have serious bugs . 
  i 'm still waiting for snow to be able to fall in really thick layers , and then slowly melt in sunlight . 
  would instantly make snow biomes so much more dynamic . 
  source : http://youtube.com/watch?v=qdvt5q6bt1s, 
  every website has its own * process * . 
  they actually have two dozen theeads each . 
  except ddr4 uses less power than ddr3 . 
  if i did n't see it , i 'm sure somebody else did n't as well . 
  this still would n't solve the problem . 
  the problem is that server lag/bad client prediction makes boats run ashore when the player sees them being 20 meters from the shore . 
  having your boat go onto the shore instead of breaking right away just makes it slightly less annoying . 
  only if they explode . 
  pretty sure he was trolling . 
  sure hope so . 
  would n't frogs or toads make more sense ? 
   first , let 's get one thing clear -- you do n't want a 24-inch 4k panel . 
  at 4x 1080p , screen elements at just 25 % their original size . 
  windows dpi scaling actually works quite well now , and working better every day . 
  i 've used dpi scaling on my 1920x1080 laptop for a few months , and although it sometimes requires some tinkering with new programs , or does n't really work it at all , it is so awesome when it works that it 's worth it a thousand times . 
  for casual use it pretty much just works , all default windows apps + firefox support out of the box . 
  for 4k with 100 % scaling , it would n't look that bad to just upscale unsupporting apps either , no worse than 1920x1080 works today . 
  but oh my god . 
  when it works , it 's a complete game-changer . 
  1920x1080 on 13 '' still means easily visible pixels ( but a world of difference from 1368x768 ) ; i can only dream of what 4k looks like . 
  yes . 
  would continue the tradition started with ocelots , of having lesser-known south american animals in minecraft . 
   you get some alpaca steel . 
  i like your thinking . 
  just say `` smaller than '' or `` bigger than '' in your head every time you type them . 
  i did this for a year and it 's now become second nature ; it has helped so much . 
  wait , would n't an edge lit screen lose all the benefits of an led screen ? 
  would n't it then just be regular lcd ? 
  you do realize that europe is larger than the us . 
  this was my first thought . 
  they are n't a very expensive airline , and they do n't even charge extra for it . 
  i was very surprised when i flew with british airways earlier this year and they did n't have it yet ; when norwegian first got it i expected it to be standard within two years . 
  for longer flights , having internet , even email-quality internet is a huge deal . 
  i 'd easily pay extra for it . 
  `` europe '' is n't going to force anything . 
  the eu is . 
  the terms are not synonymous ; i do n't think russia and iceland are too involved in this . 
  make sure you run et as administrator . 
  what error messages do you get ? 
  huh ? 
  legend 's quest was released back in classic , august 2003 accordiong to the wiki . 
  why do you think they only used slow panning motions . 
   they still had to rent out the bedrooms to get by . 
  in other words , they had a steady source of income thanks to their family wealth . 
  a lot better than having to pay rent or mortgages on their home . 
  norwegian here . 
  i would interpret `` scandinavian languages '' to mean only the three languages currently spoken in scandinavia , which excludes icelandic and faroese . 
  at least that 's how the term is used in scandinavia . 
  wow , 560 points and no one has posted it yet ? 
  130w is a very noticable increase in noise levels though . 
  the 4790k is $ 20 less than what the fx-9590 will be according to the article , while being faster in all but the most heavily threaded integer workloads . 
  using 2/5 of the power is really just icing on the cake at that point .
