  awesome !, 
  now to multithread that chunk generation as well . 
  and different dimensions too , to give servers a similarly huge performance buff . 
  * hopes * . 
  my toaster runs 10 fps fairly stable . 
  4 fps is an above-average potato . 
  probably more than the 8 needed to saturate regular consumer cpus . 
  those people are complaining about fps stuttering , not low fps per se . 
  if minecraft renders 120 frames in half a second and then pauses completely for the next half second , that 's still 120fps , but not a good playing experience . 
  it was never put in a snapshot because it was more complicated than first anticipated . 
  it would be a fantastic update though , because so many servers disable/severely limit the nether because of the server-wide lag it can cause . 
  this would allow many servers to open up the nether again . 
  performance is a feature . 
  if you do n't know precisely why you need more endurance , you probably do n't . 
  the 256 gb model is rated for 300tb of writes , which means you can write 50gb every day for 16 years . 
  that is far , far more than any regular desktop usage . 
  better to focus on price and performance when shopping for ssds . 
  youknow , except those who want four physical cores . 
  which is a lot of people . 
  flemish and afrikaans are usually referred to as such though , not `` belgian dutch '' or `` south african dutch '' . 
  well , someone 's got to be first . 
  man , that spelling . 
  and driver version . 
  oh god , include the driver version . 
  i agree . 
  minecraft has so many opportunities for huge performance boosts through threading , it 's great to see them working on it . 
  would it be reasonably possible to multithread the lightning code , or even gpu accelerate it ? 
  not neccessarily to implement fancy features like this , but just to improve performance or maybe improve lightning realism in large rooms . 
  for instance , if you have a light source in the middle of a sufficiently large room ( r  15 ) , the walls and floor will still be completely dark . 
  dude , cheese is not very healthy . 
  whole milk also has lots of saturated fats and is extremely bad for you in large quantities . 
  an extrememly sensationalist one . 
  there have been several major riots and uprisings in russia in the last decade . 
  they have become less frequent after putin got his presidency back though . 
  and votes . 
  the us is full of people with unquestioned support for israel for religious reasons . 
  ignoring geopolitics , any politican who as much as mentions being harder on israel is pretty much politically dead . 
  damn those infinite loops . 
  it popped back in now , but it was n't on the front page for at least 15 minutes . 
  is this just some technical oddity that reddit normally does ? 
  the post about the crashed airplane was still right there though . 
  so sad to see you downvoted like that . 
  hate breeds hate and seems to be breeding more hate here . 
  i 'm hoping for a skyrim : uhd version in 10 years . 
  that unmined iron at the start though ... 
  as i mentioned i am really just looking for performance , power consumption is more of a curiousity . 
  you are of course right though , ssds perhaps even save the most power indirectly , by allowing you to work faster and the cpu to go to sleep much sooner . 
  i 've read that article you linked , along with tom 's hardware 's article that came to [ a completely opposite conclusion ] ( http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/ssd-hdd-battery,1955.html ) , and they 're both great reads . 
  however , they are both * six years old * , back from before trim , when ssds suffered awful write performance degradation and a lot of people had n't even heard about them . 
  idle power has improved a lot since then , and in the lowest power states , their power is measured in milliwatts . 
  it 's really things like that i 'm looking for though , but updated for how immensely more complex modern ssds are . 
   the other benefit is shock resistance !, 
  it 's nice not to have to worry about the drive crashing . 
  that 's actually something i 'm looking forward to too , it 'll be nice to have the laptop on my lap without worrying that my movements will damage the hard drive . 
  ssds are nice things !, 
  thanks you !, 
  not sure why they botched the framerate like that . 
  i thought my computer had morphed into an xbox or something . 
  please do n't change this . 
  it 's an extremely slippery slope ; it 's what happens to every mmo , players want this and that little change to make everything a little easier , `` oh and please add that too , it would be so nice ! '', 
  and over a few years , the game slowly gets dumbed down until it just becomes a gray mush of tasks that look different but are all really exactly the same . 
  before you know it , developers are afraid to add anything actually fun because it might require players to think and learn . 
  it has happened to so many mmos , including many aspects of eoc-rs , and i hope it does n't happen to a game whose sole purpose was to avoid these changes . 
  tbh they are both pretty hard by themselves . 
  both at the same time is just even harder . 
  if you can afford it , just buy any laptop . 
  even integrated graphics , from both intel and amd , play minecraft like a champ . 
  my i5 with hd 4400 easily holds 30 fps on max settings . 
  guys , i 'm pretty sure he was making a joke . 
  man is 1.8 gon na be a great update . 
  well in that case , have a sympathy upvote . 
  not sure what you 're talking about , i tested it for 5 too and it worked fine !, 
   these things need to be evaluated on a case by case basis . 
  that is exactly my point . 
  no developers ever sits down and says `` let 's make the game easier for these kids , guys ! '', 
  but one simplification at the time , it happens , and after a few years the game becomes less and less interesting , and only the grind-loving players are left . 
  regarding randoms , i do pretty firmly come down on the no-side because they do n't really add much to the game . 
  they 're just random interruptions of little interest . 
  i have to say though , i do n't mind them nearly as much as most people seem to . 
  anyway , unidentified herbs are a different beast , because it is a completely unique game mechanic that makes herblore a lot more interesting , particularly at lower levels . 
  when i first started rs , i ca n't tell you have excited i was to be able to identify more of my herbs as i levelled up . 
  it also provides an incentive to actually train herblore to know what herbs are valuable . 
  if you want grimy herbs , you might as well remove the whole mechanic , and just have monsters drop clean ones . 
  it 's just an extra step in the process , a click in the inventory that gives herblore exp . 
  exactly like all the other production skills . 
  i fell in love with herblore because it was unique and interesting ; please do n't make it as dumb as the other skills . 
  max build height can be increased in the settings . 
  i appreciate the efforts , but these calculations have several giant holes in them and are completely wrong . 
  let me break it down . 
   now we do n't have to store the position of each voxel , as long as we can infer the position from its index in an array . 
  completely correct , so far so good . 
  it 's a bit harder with a sphere , but still pretty trivial . 
   so for every voxel we need to store the 70 bits index of the array ... 
  wait , what ? 
  that 's literally what you just said you would n't do . 
  * literally * litterally . 
  the only information that needs to be stored about each voxel , is the block id . 
  you could quite reasonably make an approximation of the earth with 64 different blocks , which requires 6 bits , not 70 . 
  with some small optimizations , like having each chunk have different `` palettes '' of blocks , you could also support a much larger variety of blocks worldwide . 
  but i digress .
