  a recession in uk will just make fringe parties stronger , like it always does . 
  oh and it certainly wo n't make them any more positive towards the eu as an institution . 
  i hate to invoke godwin 's law , but look what happened after the versailles treaty was made , where `` punishing '' the germans for being stupid and going to war was a common sentiment . 
  they certainly did n't learn . 
  semi-relevant from the [ original study  ( http://www.sciencedatabaseonline.org/adb1/scientific%20article%20jofhs.pdf ), 
   in contrast , a typical u.s. woman has, 
  hemisphere-shaped i.e. , `` round '' breasts, 
  that fill also the upper part of the bra cup . 
  consequently , also the aperture area and, 
  the bra top are filled with breast tissue . 
  does n't sound like fat-person boobs . 
  edit : also, 
   a typical woman born in the u.s.a. or, 
  canada has a very large breast volume, 
  regardless of her body weight . 
  in many, 
  other countries a large cup size is closely, 
  associated with a higher than average body, 
  weight . 
  this association was particularly, 
  evident in the united kingdom and spain . 
  i do n't know why people keep repeating this , many countries far below the us on the chart have comparable or much higher obesity rates . 
  weight is a factor , sure , but obviously there 's much more to it . 
   mexico is way shorter , like 3-4 inches shorter on average ,, 
  so americans are what , 7-8 % taller ? 
  their breasts are more than * 500 % * bigger based on the chart ( rough estimate just by looking at it ) . 
  height may be a factor , but it 's completely inadequate for explaining the massive gap . 
   in fact , 313,700 procedures were performed in the states in 2013 . 
  so ~ 0.2 % of american women got boobjobs that year . 
  do that for 20 years , and still only 4 % of women have implants , assuming everyone has the surgery once . 
  surely that does n't explain the massive size difference to almost all other countries . 
  maybe women with breast implants are more likely to participate in breast size studies ? 
  and it got 6 upvotes in 6 minutes . 
  no data for china , you can easily tell which countries are missing by looking at the [ interactive map ] ( http://www.samuelwbennett.com/map-of-boob-size-around-the-world/ ) . 
  i 've been looking at the data for a while , and i 'm beginning to conclude that the data is just really seriously flawed in some way . 
  does an average spanish woman ( 489 ml ) really have three times bigger breasts than a french woman ( 154 ml ) ? 
  colombian/venezuelan women ( 781/752 ml ) are 2.5 times bigger than mexican women ( 299 ml ) ? 
  and the us/canada data is almost literally off the charts . 
  i do n't like to just dismiss science like this , but the study does n't really offer any reasonable explanation for the massive difference . 
  maybe the data was collected differently , or with too small simple sizes in some countries ? 
  a 8 % height increase is a 26 % volume increase . 
  still a far cry from the 500 % in the chart . 
  breast implants have n't been that common for 60 years though . 
  the population distribution also much more skewed towards the younger end , because of high birth rates and immigration . 
  i think 4 % having breast implants is pretty reasonable , but it 's a guesstimate of course . 
  it also keeps three copies of the root hash , according to the article . 
  15.6 '' and 2.1 kg is a big laptop though . 
   the juno spacecraft is 5 years newer, 
  i 'm not sure how much of a factor that is , space cameras are very very different from your typical phone camera , and one category evolving does n't automatically make the other one better . 
  on the bright side , jupiter is * much * closer to the sun than pluto ( 5.2 au vs ~ 39.5 au ) , which means it 's brighter and just easier to photograph well . 
  it 's like taking pictures in the sun vs in the shade . 
  looks like someone 's not getting a review sample on the next release, 
  op somehow posted the wrong link , [ here 's the correct one . 
  ] ( https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/amd/rx_480/ ), 
  still waiting for the full gtx 1080 review . 
  not * quite * three years ago , the 290 and 290x were n't even released until september 2013 . 
  i doubt a lot of people will buy their gpus out of pity for their r&d budget though . 
  all modern chess engines work in fundamentally the same way : brute force search at the core , which searches all the possible moves , then all possible responses etc , and looks for the best result it can get . 
  this is fine for finding a mate in two , but it ca n't look particularly far ahead - if each side has , let 's say , 25 possible moves each turn , you need to evaluate 152 billion positions to even look 4 moves ahead , which even for computers is way too much . 
  so the engines try to take shortcuts in their calculations , according to lots of pre-programmed `` rules '' . 
  they have rules for identifying promising moves , and spending most of their computing power there . 
  they try to identify subtle positional , long-term weaknesses such as poor pawn structure and king safety . 
  they try to find moves that put their pieces on good squares in relation to the particular pawn structure . 
  but these shortcuts , these heuristics , are all pre-programmed into the engine 's source code . 
  they are , in some sense , created by trial and error . 
  the developers will try improving the engine 's heuristics , and then * test * it by playing the engine against an older version of itself , or another engine , and see how well it does . 
  a single improvement may just help in 1 % of positions , and give a 5 elo increase , but people have been doing this for years and now engines are really , really good . 
  i 'm not familiar with any internal details of huidini 4 , but i 'm guessing that in this particular situation , its pre-programmed rules simply happened to guide it in the correct direction , and the correct sequence happened to be one of the first lines it looked at . 
  because modern engines work in a fairly human-like way , they perform much worse in positions that are highly unusual and irregular , just like humans . 
  still much better than humans , relatively speaking , but not as good as in standard positions . 
  the solution here is so deep , you just ca n't find it by pure brute force , the engine needs to be really clever . 
  seems like huidini was really clever in this particular position , but i would n't read too much into it . 
  i tried stockfish on this position , and interestingly , and suggested the beginning of the correct line , 1 . kg6 a3 2 . h6 a2 3 . h7 a1 = q * right away * , after only 10 milliseconds . 
  but it could n't find the correct continuation from there , and has been stuck on the 1 . f6 a3 2 . kg6 a2 draw line for the last 30 minutes . 
  now i 'm really curious if it will ever find the correct move at all . 
  you should edit your post, 
  at least nvidia labels the axis . 
  yeah , you 're going to need a source for that . 
  that 's not a source . 
  it 's like saying `` source : my local library '' or `` source : some wikipedia article '' . 
  [ according to wikedia , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interplanetary_medium ) it 's 5 * particles * per cm ^ 3 , which is a * lot * more . 
  your life must be pretty damn interesting if this is what you consider `` pointless '' . 
   the people who just play stockfish lines are hundreds of elo points below the leaders . 
  the quality of stockfish ' play depends strongly on your computer and your software setup though . 
  the amount of cpu cores and memory you have , the size of your opening and endgame database , and just setting it up correctly . 
  if your computer is four times powerful than your opponent 's , that 's enough to always be a half-move or two ahead . 
   always evolve the one with the highest cp, 
  what if one pokemon has better moves than the other ? 
  as a guy on a 1g plan , it probably wo n't be a problem, 
   if you 're making bank off cell phones why bother re-tooling for laptops/monitors ? 
  to make even more money ? 
  display manufacturers were already making tons of money before oled phone displays , did n't stop them from making them . 
  you forgot to add / s. 
  the war in syria must count as a full scale war though . 
  the final position is mate in 13 according to stockfish . 
  you do n't see super-gms getting mated before move 40 every day !, 
  you 're getting downvoted , but is anyone * really * going to use the new anonymous sums syntax ? 
  it 's very verbose and just plain ugly , and adds a lot of complexity to the language . 
  size is the limiting factor . 
  they could make a chip with double the die size and slightly lower clocks , and get a big performance boost at the same tdp .
