  i 'm not sure what you 're going on about , i never said anything about the probability of * exactly * 144,000 shinies being caught . 
  just how many we would expect after 589 million trials . 
  the two stars already look like a single point in the sky , even to the most powerful telescopes . 
  they are currently 2-3 milliarcseconds apart or something like that , less than one millionth the apparent size of the moon . 
  all we will able to observe is a point source that suddenly gets much brighter , then slowly dims . 
  story ? 
  hacking is cancer , do n't help it spread . 
  i doubt it , just based on the fact that we should have noticed by now . 
  you should publish your data . 
  they probably did n't break any laws , it 's just a pr disaster . 
  i did n't even know what they were until i started playing dwarf fortress . 
  this is n't a new process , and amd has no need to rush the release . 
  hopefully supply will be fine . 
  around july 2018 i expect . 
  the next lts version will be ubuntu 18.04 , which will first release next april , and be released as `` proper '' lts around july . 
  sometime in early 2019 , if all goes well . 
  google sky map should be good enough , it takes the time of day and your location into account when showing the sky . 
  jupiter is * really * bright these days , much brighter than any star , so it 's not hard to spot . 
  well it * is * 4k , trying to get higher framerates on it was probably not worth the engineering effort . 
  this is mostly for graphic designers anyway . 
  i thought that was a bug until i read the books . 
  definitely forochel for me , i was lucky to first enter it at night . 
  the aurora was stunning , still one of my most memorable rpg experiences . 
  do biomes o ' plenty 's biomes interact well with the rest of the modpack though ? 
  now if only kattis would get support for it . 
  this is what happens when the booth babe budget gets cut . 
  actually 25.04 \u00b1 0.07 . 
  could be the 25th of any month until november . 
  just remember to downvote them . 
  do n't you get hp exp for using the staff though ? 
   it 's basics of systems programming , really . 
  it 's really not , not in 2017 anyway . 
  i 'd say the basics of systems programming are things like memory management , file descriptors and threads . 
  20 years ago those were the basics of * programming * , because you had to know those things . 
  nowadays most developers do n't , and they do n't need to either . 
  thank you for your effort . 
  what 's - lpie, 
  is there any hope at all to run this on linux ? 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  what are the changes ? 
  i read the latest devblog and i 'm still in the dark . 
  there are many good reasons for `` regular '' people to switch to linux , reserved filenames are unfortunately not one of them . 
  maybe two different parts of the tree . 
  why the big difference between release and debug builds ? 
  on my 5 kloc pet project , the difference is only 30 sec vs 10 sec . 
   everything points to genocide . 
  please do n't make things up and then try spreading them as facts . 
  i do n't get why this is getting downvoted ? 
  if they do n't retire by then . 
  kasparov could certainly hold a 2700 rating if he still played . 
  i honestly think they should have gone further and removed noted drops completely . 
  it 's just so ridiculous that this mythical semi-god regularly drops bank of varrock certificates . 
  also from a mechanical perspective , i fell in love with runescape because skilling was `` equal '' to combat , unlike every other mmo where everything revolved around combat level . 
  runescape 3 turned into that , and then old school did to . 
  it 's not even that bad , it still drops 35 * cooked * manta ray . 
  imo this is an amazing change that brings osrs closer to its roots ( which was purpose of the whole game ) , the change is just slightly worse for ironmen because they ca n't buy their way out of it . 
  one of the best foods in the game being somewhat hard to obtain ? 
  i 've read several such articles , and i still ca n't keep it straight . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yeah and let 's add cars too !, 
  the profitability of smithing wo n't change , rune bars will just get cheaper . 
  protip : when making in-game text , place black text one pixel down and to the left of the yellow text ( yellow text on top obviously ) to create shade , and it wo n't look fake . 
  doing interferometry in the optical/infrared wavelengths is still in its infancy . 
  the biggest one afaik is the [ very large telescope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/very_large_telescope ) , which gets to an equivalent mirror diameter of 130 metres , using four 8-meter mirrors and four smaller mirrors . 
  however , a planet , * particularly * an earth-like one , would be orders of magnitude too dim to see using this technique , it 's really only good for looking directly at stars and galactic centres . 
  scaling up to 100km , while still getting enough light to observe features of a planet , would require an absurd amount of huge telescopes . 
  not to mention the engineering challenges of making all this actually work . 
   unless you 're trying to study details of something as bright as the moon . 
  it 's actually brightness divided by apparent size that counts , not the total brightness . 
  the moon is too dim to be observed even with short-baseline interferometry telescopes like vlti . 
   including the weapon trap crash that has been around since the last release, 
  * yes . 
  * finally i can start using weapon traps again , i had to dismantle like 50 traps in my fort because of this . 
  i hope syntax highlighters make those questions mark bright and bold . 
  it 's a useful operator , but it 's small and easy to miss . 
  i really like being able to spot the exit points of my functions at glance . 
  is there any evidence for this , or is it just one of those random things people keep repeating ? 
  not shit code , just code solving really difficult problems . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i was n't really sure how to phrase it , tiobe themselves are deliberately vague about what they 're measuring . 
  whatever it is , it 's real-word data showing that rust is gaining traction outside our little bubble . 
  even if the data itself is n't too useful , i hoped it would be motivating to all the people contributing to the rust ecosystem . 
  hopefully it will look less evil once it is no longer a building site . 
  according to tiobe , visual basic is more popular than * javascript . 
  lower ping . 
  playing with high ping sucks and makes it harder to get optimal exp rates . 
  civ references are fun and all , but i really wish people would save their upvotes for actual reponses instead of dumb jokes . 
  someone should do it during a solar eclipse . 
   3 ) a partisan hack who tries to play the elder statesman, 
  gah so accurate . 
  jupiter would need about 10 times more mass to become a star , so it was always pretty far away . 
   personally , i felt they were at least equally at fault, 
  how can they be going twice the speed limit and not be 100 % at fault ? 
  is this some weird american thing ? 
  inb4 300w power consumption under load . 
  if they 're not working on it , we 're really just x years away , for some x greater than 3 . 
  i 'm not sure bethesda knows either . 
  could be 2020 , could be 2025 . 
  i always wonder how many times those people have written clever reports before they made it to / r/bestofreports . 
  why do we need smith 5 and smith 10 anyway ?
