  they ca n't do it * yet * , because yields are n't good enough to make it economical . 
  or , even less idiotically , both !, 
  try being a non-native english speaker . 
  it 's not just unreadable as in cringe-inducing , it 's hard to read as in * i ca n't follow this . 
  * all those mid-sentence tangents and ramblings make it genuinely difficult to pick apart the sentences and find out what anything means . 
  the pascal titan x is still `` only '' 440mm ^ 2 ( assuming it 's 40 % larger than the 1080 , in reality it is probably smaller ) , which is still small compared to the 600mm \u00b2 maxwell titan . 
  there 's no reason to think they ca n't eventually make a chip as large or larger than that , manufacturing improvements will probably allow them to run the chips on slightly lower voltage , too . 
  14/16nm still has a lot left to offer . 
  the disabled cores do n't consume power though , so the full size of the chip does n't really matter , just the enabled area . 
  why the fuck is this getting upvoted ? 
  my question was meant as `` this is a low-effort annoying comment that adds nothing to the post , why is everyone upvoting it ? '', 
  or maybe people just do n't want to see useless shit-comments . 
  i 've tended to expect better from / r/mapporn, 
  you 're just nostalgic . 
  remember `` you have unused icons on your desktop '' ? 
  they got rid of those after xp . 
  it 's still in an early planning phase , it 'll still be several years until construction starts , if it does . 
  see the [ original article , ] ( https://www.wired.com/2016/07/submerged-floating-bridge-isnt-worst-idea-norways-ever/ ) which has much more information along with actual sources . 
  which episode is it ? 
   continental shift affects the sea bed much more than it does our land masses , so in 10 years the tunnel could just completely collapse from the strain . 
  yeah , that 's not how it works . 
  it 's not terribly different from a suspension bridge hanging from its towers , rocking back and forth in the wind . 
  they can make it work for sure . 
   seafloor spreading is a process that occurs at mid-ocean ridges, 
  literally the first sentence of the article dude . 
  fjords are just regular glacial valleys that have water in them , they are still on the continental crust . 
  plate tectonics are just completely irrelevant in this discussion . 
  please do n't pretend to know things you know nothing about , you 're making the world dumber . 
  it 's completely plausible that * something * will replace dram as program memory at some point , but it wo n't be nand flash . 
  is there a particular reason why you keep all of them ? 
  that makes no sense but i 'll upvote you anyway, 
   this position is absolutely hopeless for black because of the weak black squares on the kingside . 
  absolutely this . 
  to elaborate : because black has moved the g-pawn , he now has no way to provide pawn cover to the dark squares around his king ( f6 , g7 , h6 ) . 
  notice the diagonal `` holes '' in his pawn structure . 
  by itself this is tolerable , but in this position , white still has their dark-squared bishop , but black has lost theirs . 
  we say that white 's bishop is unopposed , which makes it a much stronger piece . 
  with these two factors combined , black is positionally lost in almost any position . 
  in this particular position , black is doing particularly badly for a number of other reasons . 
  * not only is white 's dark-squared bishop unopposed , it 's in a great position to exploit the holes in black 's pawns right away . 
  white 's pawn on e5 makes it even stronger . 
  * white 's knight is on a light square , ready to jump into an undefended dark square . 
  * white 's queen is ready to move to h4 and put pressure down the h-file . 
  * black 's knights are terrible . 
  one is pinned to the queen , and the other one just ca n't get to the kingside . 
  knights are great defensive pieces if used right , but here they just ca n't do anything . 
  * and lastly , black just has no counterplay . 
  white 's king is * completely * safe . 
  notice how none of the pawns in front of it has moved , there are no weaknesses to exploit . 
  except the knight , black has no active pieces . 
  this is a really instructive position for beginners to positional chess . 
  make sure you make the most of it . 
  what is that ? 
   but seriously , 512gb ssd 's are like $ 120 - $ 150 now . 
  if that 's too pricey for your budget , you should reconsider if you should be building a system at all . 
  just because that is n't much money to you , does n't mean it is n't much to them . 
  some people can buy a $ 500 gpus without thinking too hard , others might need to save for 6 months for a $ 300 build . 
   ssd prices have been dropping steadily for years . 
  this is really all that needs to be said . 
  memory companies make advances all the time , but each new technology and improvement takes time to ramp up and become cheap . 
  consumers end up seeing a steady , almost year-round decline in prices , and last-gen ssds often turn out to be the cheapest because of price pressure . 
  prices elsewhere in the world go up and down a bit more due to macro-economic effects , but over time they go down just as much . 
  notice the increase after the brexit vote in particular . 
  prices on individual ssds in individual stores are n't a very reliable metric either , maybe the evo just has n't kept up with the price decreases . 
  they have dust storms occasionally , so the sand does get shifted around a bit . 
  i 'm more hyped than ever , i expected first-generation 3d xpoint to be far more expensive than this . 
  this is cheaper than ssds were just a few years ago !, 
  a lot of the research in this sub does n't * really * matter very much , does it ? 
  but it 's fun for its own sake !, 
  assuming :, 
  * the benchmark uses between 1 and 4 cores . 
  i thought it used more , but it 's the only way for the numbers make any sense . 
  * the 6700k is running one core at 4.4 ghz . 
  * the zen chip is running one core at 3.2 ghz . 
  then the 6700k has 32 % stronger ipc than the zen chip . 
  of course there is no particular reason to believe these numbers , but it would below even the most pessimistic expectations . 
  thanks , now i 'll be annoyed every time i try to sleep in the evening on minecraft . 
  whelp , looks like i might be back to using nightly/beta for a while . 
  lots of other performance techniques go out the window when the terrain is procedurally generated though . 
  what are you talking about , intel 's dies have been decreasing in size for years with no price cuts in sight . 
  surely you mean `` no reduction in msrp '' ? 
  msrp/mm ^ 2 has n't just seen `` virtually no reduction '' , it has increased significantly . 
   hence , there has been no reduction in the msrp per mm2 of die . 
  i mean , you 're * technically * right , i 'm just saying it sounds somewhat strange to say there has been `` no reduction '' in $ / mm \u00b2 when it in fact doubled between nehalem and haswell . 
  $ 1.5 / gb , so not a consumer product if anybody was wondering . 
   fully expect nvidia to push a driver update in the next couple of days - they 're usually pretty quick when there 's an obvious issue . 
  it 's ~ ~ sad ~ ~ interesting that you immediately jump to the conclusion that a driver update is what the game needs , when clearly the fault is completely on the game developers . 
  the worst thing is , nvidia is probably going to fix it for them anyway . 
  this is why we need vulkan . 
  for anyone wondering , this person is * not * being sarcastic . 
  ~ ~ americans ~ ~ foreigners mistake finland for a scandinavian country all the time , and it 's really annoying . 
  it 's the latter , nobody below 60 gives a shit , at least in norway . 
  it 's actually not uncommon for people working in bars or caf\u00e9s to not speak norwegian themselves . 
  i think it stems from the fact that norway has never really been ... * important * in the world , so nobody has any expectation that a foreigner speaks our language . 
  unlike in certain other countries * cough * france * cough * ` murica . 
  people here just like getting to practice their english . 
  yep , the mainland of those countries . 
  maybe he was really excited to wake up and post that tweet . 
  that 's a completely nonsensical statement . 
  companies like samsung and apple compete with a dozen giants and are doing just fine .
