  has anyone ever used those ? 
   the biggest star in the universe is estimated to be uy scuti . 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's just the biggest star we 've discovered so far . 
  edit : sorry for calling out a false statement in a sub dedicated to education . 
  it 's only unhackable for an incredibly narrow definition of hacking . 
  public key encryption already does the same thing extremely well , and although it 's not * theoretically * unbreakable , it is currently not vulnerable in practice . 
  real hackers steal information in other ways . 
  what exactly prevents them from having the same or better sensitivity ? 
  what kind of crap blog interrupts my reading with useless audio notifications ? 
  hopefully it will still be worth it . 
  it has been on schedule for october 2018 for over 5 years now , and the telescope itself is completely finished . 
  october 2018 is very likely the launch time . 
   they were n't ready , but i hear rumors they 're moving the 6 core coffee lake mainstream chips up to august instead of next year . 
  that 's ludicrous , it 's not like they can just decide to move a launch to 6 months earlier this late in the release process . 
  mainstream coffee lake is still far away . 
  well , f1 = n is also * objectively * a draw according to tablebases , but obviously allowing rf2 in a blitz game is completely unnecessary . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  devalues my lag-only no trading ironman . 
   i think something overlooked here is that the f2p model rewards long-term players, 
  on the other hand , if no new players are able to get into the game , it 'll keep slowly dying . 
   for data scientists , immersion engineers , and product designers, 
  is it just me , or does this sound like a euphemism for cryptocurrency miners ? 
  that could also explain why retailers are trying to sell for above msrp : they think cryptominers will buy all the cards anyway . 
   we could use parallel partitioning in rust as well , but since the pivot must be shared between threads , that 'd introduce a new type bound t : sync . 
  just out of curiosity , does this make the c++ version potentially incorrect if used with types that ca n't be safely shared between threads ? 
  source ? 
  why is the quicksort example in go so ridiculously large ? 
  i thought you actually got it to 100 % . 
  a paper launch more than a month ahead of actual launch would be unprecedented for intel . 
  they usually go for real launches with plenty of stock . 
  then again , it 's been a decade since they had this kind of pressure on a release . 
  well then i guess they must be pretty scared over at intel . 
   i think we 'll finally see large ssds for bulk storage at reasonable price ranges . 
  with all other things being equal , qlc is only 33 % more bits per cell than tlc , making it 33 % cheaper at most . 
  it 's a welcome decrease for sure , but they 'll still be 10 times more expensive than hard drives . 
  one tlc cell stores 3 bits of data , and one qlc cell stores 4 bits . 
  that 's a 33 % increase . 
  3 bits can be in 8 * different states * in total , 4 bits have 16 different states , 10 bits have 1024 different states etc , but they 're still just 3 , 4 , and 10 bits . 
  i do n't know what else to tell you , dude . 
  10 bits can hold 1024 states , 11 bits can hold 2048 . 
  that does n't mean 11 bits can hold twice as much data as 10 bits . 
  the a10x also includes a gpu . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fred_trump ) he got the diagnosis at age 87 . 
  base 16 actually , because there are 16 options for each `` character '' ( memory cell ) . 
  mlc would be base 4 , tlc is base 8 . 
  but that 's all invisible to the user of course . 
  maybe the buffer that overflowed contained a perl script . 
  * makes us human * is perhaps an exaggeration , but god knows there are many moments in my life that i 'm glad have no records . 
  that 's not what he said though . 
  woosh, 
  you must live far from mountains . 
  lots of people will . 
   five years from now, 
  that 's a bit optimistic , phones are n't improving like they used to . 
  honestly i 'll be surprised if phones with silicon chips ever get powerful enough . 
  that 's ridiculous , why the fuck would he lie about die size , especially understating it . 
  my money is on it being true , or raja simply misremembering what perfect squares are . 
   this is an entirely new core design, 
  can we really know that just from the ad ? 
  it 's written in marketing speech , not engineering speech . 
  i watched the whole thing , and the first half is really great , which is a pity because the actual `` oath '' he suggests is pure cancer . 
  he first suggests that programmers should have an oath of ethics because of how important code and coders are in all aspects of today 's society . 
  an oath to `` do no evil '' , which is fine , maybe even a good idea . 
  but in his actual oath , he suddenly mixes in ( slightly paraphrased ) `` i swear to always be agile '' and `` i swear to always use tdd '' , which just ruins everything he 's built up throughout the talk . 
  suddenly it 's an oath to follow your stupid 100 % test coverage rules in my weekend projects ? 
  fuck that and fuck you . 
  * i will make frequent , small releases, 
  * i will provide , with each release , a quick , sure and repeatable proof that every element of the code works as it 's supposed to . 
  however you interpret them , they have no place in oath . 
  oaths are supposed to be absolute , with no exceptions . 
  what if i 'm writing flight control code for an aircraft , should i still make frequent releases ? 
  should every line of my private pet projects be testable ? 
  the whole idea of an oath becomes meaningless . 
   look up hippocratic oath . 
  that claim is wrong . 
  i did , and i do n't see why that makes my claim wrong . 
   also , are you saying making frequent releases or having repeatable proof that code is working is somehow useless ? 
  i said it makes the * oath * useless . 
  if you know that there are parts of the oath you wo n't always follow , that makes the entire oath pointless in my opinion . 
   its like hearing a carpenter say he does n't care about his cuts being straight or ignoring safety just because he is working on his own project in his own workshop . 
  what carpenter would swear an oath to * always * make straight cuts , every day for the rest of his life , even when just fucking around in his workshop ? 
  does n't the word `` oath '' mean anything to people ? 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  it 's like buying a bigass downhill bike and then complaining it sucks for riding to work . 
  you really need to stop setting up all those strawmen to victimize yourself . 
  it makes it really hard to take you seriously . 
  you guys are comparing revenue per click to total revenue per user . 
  apples and oranges . 
  it 's a good article though , you should read it . 
  * shudder *, 
  one of the first things i did in osrs was to buy a gilded black set . 
  always wanted it back in 05 , but by the time i could afford it i was like 60 def . 
   too the rescue, 
   if you get a cheap no-name one like these are then they do n't , hence the rounding errors . 
  this is incorrect , having a hardware fpu wo n't do anything for rounding errors . 
  hardware fpus are good for making floating point calculations faster , nothing else . 
  avoiding rounding errors is just a matter of programming the calculator to properly deal with large expressions . 
  i think it 's because 99 % of the content on the internet already uses stupid clickbait headlines , and people do n't want reddit to become like that too . 
  the entire headline is dedicated to sensationalizing the talk , without giving * any * hint of what it is actually about , forcing you to click to find out whether it actually interests you .
