  * somebody politely asks for sources to help educate themselves about the story, 
  * response : `` of course it 's all correct , we 've been talking about it for 6 months over in / r/the _ donald , how can you not know those are facts ? '', 
  as an uncommitted voter , would you be convinced ? 
  or would you just give up on those people and go back to occasionally browsing news sites for politics ? 
  most people avoid political subreddits , and for good reason . 
  i am a sanders supporter by the way . 
  just wanted to point this out . 
  that 's an amazing camera, 
  you ca n't just post a picture like that without a mod list . 
  i 'm pretty sure nothing happens . 
  it just keeps going further and further away from kerbol . 
  in that sense , the solar system does n't really end . 
  why ca n't we figure all this out with computer simulations ? 
  at this point i 'm surprised if we get 10nm even this year . 
  at best they 'll launch the smallest dies in q4 . 
  as a non-american , i really had to think like an american to get this . 
  is that related to ocaml ? 
  does anyone know how long ago the star exploded ? 
  i could n't find the info anywhere . 
  see : electric cars . 
  it makes me sad that you 're being downvoted , those are very legitimate concerns . 
  wow they even cite it as their source . 
  what if they lose both ? 
   consider that a freaking chassis for system with these costs like few of these cpus . 
  wait , seriously ? 
  how does a chassis cost tens of thousands of dollars ? 
  which one are you missing ? 
  that would be spectacularly cheap . 
  [ source for anyone interested ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/449525268529815552?lang=en ) , from march 2014 . 
  damn that 's legitimately sad . 
  it has less than 1 % of the population of europe so it 's a good start . 
  worked for minecraft . 
  it 's not like you can only ever use one of them . 
  yep . 
  which episode is this ? 
  all math textbooks are guilty of this . 
  title : intel requesting chat prior to ryzen reviews being written . 
  article : intel has not reached out to us with any `` review guidelines '' . 
  zero is divisible by two , and therefore even . 
  has anyone researched this problem for three dimensions ? 
  but then you get 1.5 , which is n't allowed . 
  that 's just how divisibility is defined . 
  source ? 
  it 's just what certain people call those who try to be reasonable . 
  it does n't really mean anything anymore . 
  photography noob here , what gives the bright stars such a big apparent size ? 
  they look like planets . 
  oh , what i would pay to have 15w quad cores in my next laptop . 
  according to wikipedia , their population is around 20000-50000 , so inbreeding should n't be an issue yet . 
  by that time i expect 3 new , even more demanding aaa titles will have been released . 
  not that i 'm complaining . 
  only 120 years ago !, 
  i do n't get this one . 
  does it already work on linux , or has that not landed yet ? 
  who has 500mb binaries even now ? 
  i 've honestly never thought about it . 
  if only you could build in motherload . 
  that 's pretty clever, 
  yes it would essentially explode instantly . 
  i plugged the numbers into my calculator , and it would take about 10 ^ -24 seconds for ( almost ) its entire mass to be radiated away . 
  i say almost , because it 's not exactly clear what happens to the black hole in the final moments when its mass drops below the planck mass ( about 20 micrograms ) . 
  but before that , it 's just a big explosion . 
  pretty sure he just made it up . 
  black holes are n't like vacuum cleaners that suck everything in , you can orbit around a black hole just like you would orbit a star or a planet . 
  if the sun spontaneously turned into a black hole ( of the same mass ) , we would keep orbiting it as if nothing changed . 
  although not having sunlight would obviously be pretty devastating . 
  that 's given by e = mc ^ 2 :, 
  e = mc ^ 2, 
  e = 2.25 * 10 ^ 14 j, 
  which is approximately 3 times the energy of the bomb dropped on hiroshima , but 0.1 % the yield of the [ largest nukes ever detonated . 
  your calculation is slightly off , a black hole with one planck unit of mass would radiate exactly one planck unit ( 1.96 * 10 ^ 9 j ) of energy if we assume it radiates away completely . 
  your question about the lhc is still valid though . 
  the simplest answer is that there is n't enough energy at the lhc to create black holes of 1 planck mass/energy . 
  it currently accelerates protons to 6.5 * 10 ^ 3 gev of energy per beam , much less than one planck energy ( 10 ^ 19 gev ) . 
  more abstractly , there is n't going to be * more * energy coming out of the collisions at lhc than the scientists are putting in . 
  the detectors and other infrastructure in the collider is obviously designed to handle those energies . 
  fission events leave `` residual radiation '' because radioactive isotopes are generated in the explosion , which slowly decay afterwards . 
  a black hole just emits photons , mostly extremely energetic gamma rays , so no remnants would be left behind . 
  so the simple answer is no . 
  if there is any matter nearby , you could imagine the black hole triggering fission events of its own , but i do n't really have the knowledge to speculate about that . 
  the amount an energy radiated actually increases as the mass gets lower . 
  a black hole of half the mass will radiate four times more energy and so on . 
  fen is 8/p7/kpp5 / qrp1b3/rpp2b2/pp4b1 / p3k3/8 w - - 0 1 for anyone wondering . 
  honest question , when is servo expected to be mature enough to put in real products ? 
  we 've been getting these screenshots for two years . 
  yep, 
  everybody agrees she is right to be pissed , but that just makes it funnier . 
  the chart shows percentage of gdp , too . 
  the us has a higher gdp per capita than nearly all those countries . 
  strange , linux remained at almost constant market share between 2013 and 2016 and then suddenly gained 10 percentage points . 
  so did i. 
  found the american . 
  what does that have to do with having planets ? 
  a planet in an earth-sized orbit would be extremely tightly bound to the star , and go wherever the star went . 
  is this from a recent version of ksp ? 
  i would have expected that craft to be instantly destroyed by drag . 
  should be pretty close to 144,000 , assuming a 1/4096 chance of shinyness . 
  i just thought it would be interesting to put the number there . 
   that math is n't correct , a 1/4096 chance does n't mean that 1 in 4096 will be shiny , it means that every event has a 1/4096 probability to result in a success . 
  in fact , after 4096 trials , there is only a 63 % chance that at least one trial was a success ( which is not great odds ) .
