  [ regression to the mean ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regression_toward_the_mean ) is a wonderful thing . 
  i swear , the sugar pills cured my cold !, 
  huh ? 
  `` this rule works in two special cases , therefore it works in all cases . '', 
  8800 gt owner here . 
  i was born with midrange status as well , but that ship sailed a long time ago . 
  no , i do n't game much . 
  dat power consumption though . 
  your card may not be fastest but it 's certainly the most efficient out there . 
  2.5 '' though ? 
  it 's a good time to be a mini itx builder . 
   steve jobs famously tried to get the original macintosh hardware designers to make the pcb have all nice orderly tracks and component layout based purely on aesthetic concerns . 
  that 's really fascinating , do you have more info on that somewhere ? 
  apart from businesses , which is their main market for now , data hoarders will * always * need more storage . 
  got ta start stockpiling those 4k movies . 
  people who have large game libraries might also still need to stay on the cutting edge in storage capacities . 
  other than that , i actually find it * hard * to come up with a meaningful use case . 
  8tb is so much freaking data . 
  the price reductions that eventually trickle down are great though . 
  this thread is pretty crap though . 
  one post riding the `` seagate sucks '' karma train , and one poster who seems to think that the hdd manufacturers suddenly stopped innovating around 2012 because they figured they did n't have to . 
  this comment was actually an interesting discussion . 
  also , `` i bet reliability is awful '' . 
  they 're indispensable for moving a large amount of items over long distances . 
  chest minecarts only travel for about 8 blocks after a powered rail , and because they bump into each other and randomly lose/gain speed all the time , powered rails are impractical to use unless you have massive amounts of gold . 
  the only way to move lots of chest carts is to use a furnace minecart at the end . 
  having to move 10000 items manually over a 2km rail would take forever . 
  also , having a large train of minecarts all being pushed by a single engine is just really damn cool . 
  especially versions that took ten months and were mostly focused on technical updates . 
  l1 cache . 
  with 3 clock cycles of latency . 
  since when is it getting value types ? 
   over the past week , i 've been blowing the virtual dust off more than a decade 's worth of annual reports from microsoft , apple , and google . 
  after that start , i was really expecting more than a couple of lightly commented graphs . 
  what 's up with the awful latency ? 
  or did i just miss some aspect of ddr4 ? 
  except they wo n't . 
  pixels on a 2d screen will always be equally far away . 
  no , movie and oculus rift 3d only works by projecting a different image for each eye , while true depth of field requires the lense in your eye to focus on objects at different physical distances . 
  it 's a fundamental problem in current 3d technology , because depth of field is an important part of how we perceive 3d , and we currently simply can not replicate it . 
  in movies , objects far away are naturally out of focus because that 's how cameras work , but of course , it stays out of focus even if you look at it . 
  but as long you as look at what the director wants you to look at it works pretty well . 
  it 's interesting that you should mention oculus rift , because in games , this is a huge problem . 
  whenever you want to look around at the environment , which is pretty much the most fundamental advantage of games vs movies , the game has to try to guess what you are looking at . 
  this is * hard * to do , and when it fails , it will often fail in annoying and immersion-breaking ways . 
  but on the other hand , you kinda really want a depth of field too , because it is crucial for 3d perception for many people , and the lack of it is a common cause for simulator sickness . 
  there are no easy solutions to this . 
  one is to have a small camera in the headset that monitors exactly where you are looking , and adjusts depth of field accordingly . 
  since our eyes need some time to do this naturally , this can be done without extremely low latency , which is always a big plus . 
  another solution is to have a holographic display , a true 3d display . 
  john carmack talks about this in a few interviews and talks . 
  pretty sure [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyughps86xm ) is one of them , but look around , he has lots of amazing talks . 
  also a jungle of prepositions with no real logic to how they are used . 
  it 's a problem shared by most of the germanic and modern romance languages though . 
  i am too tired to write a proper comment to this very complicated question , but to address just one of his claims , calling a language `` safe '' when it is n't even remotely memory-safe is pretty dumb . 
  example : overwriting the 11th element of an array of 10 elements , which is very easy to do . 
  this will not result in an error or a crash , or do anything predictable whatsoever , but will give `` undefined behaviour '' . 
  with a sane compiler , your program will usually just overwrite whatever happened to be stored there , and you will not notice anything until your program starts doing crazy things 1000 lines later . 
  good luck debugging that . 
  for extra fun , the compiler itself can ( and moderns ones will ) also use undefined behaviour to generate `` optimized '' non-sense code , since `` undefined '' means it can do * literally * whatever the fuck it wants . 
  up to and including [ deleting all code that leads to undefined behaviour ] ( http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2014/06/27/10537746.aspx ) . 
  but yeah , i 'm sure someone else will come along with more and better reasons . 
  whoever told you that lied to you . 
  i do n't understand why he is being downvoted . 
  saying ddr5 is wrong , totally wrong , refers to a completely different thing-wrong . 
  people should keep correcting until people stop saying the wrong things . 
  regarding his performance claims , maybe they have similar latency , but you ca n't deny that gddr memory 's bandwidth is in a different league . 
  should n't matter anyway , ddr and gddr are still not at all the same things . 
  that 's not a source . 
  ultra-low latency does matter to some people though . 
  you were supposed to pick `` nel '' , it means the same . 
  `` ai '' is only used before plural masculine words , so it could n't have been that . 
  that duo is giving `` sul '' as the right answer is just a small glitch . 
  if gta vi actually looks this good , i 'll be a really happy man . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  so many pixels ... a man can dream . 
  it 's almost as if everyone has forgotten about the subjunctive mood !, 
   [ ... ] but if i reduce the resolution like crazy with the console then i can remove the gpu bottleneck completely . 
  you wo n't do that though . 
  not ever . 
  besides , with a little overclocking , that 2500k would probably be within 10 % of even the 5960x in that scenario . 
  certainly within 20 % . 
  that 's not much gains from investing hundreds ( or more ) of dollars into a whole new platform . 
  streak freezes are your friend !, 
  although sometimes it 's not a bug . 
  [ mirrormere , lord of the rings online . 
  ] ( http://images.wikia.com/lotr/images/archive/5/59/20121002204750!mirrormerelotro.jpg ) notice the stars reflecting in the water . 
  i would have gotten a better picture with more up-to-date visuals , but travelling takes forever in that game . 
  i 'll go there some other time . 
  well , it 's not actually a gif but a html5 video , sooo ... 
  i reeeally wish people would stop calling command blocks `` redstone '' . 
  they have very little to do with each other . 
  do n't forget people who just have way too much money and want to do something cool . 
  tbh i think the whole retro-generation thing was stupid . 
  minecraft worlds have always been fully backwards compatible , but this horribly breaks that . 
  if you have n't played much on a world in 1.7 , new structures can spawn literally anywhere in those biomes , including inside your base . 
  if your world is even older and has had its biomes shuffled around , nowhere is safe . 
  i do n't want to risk seeing my old bases destroyed by new structures . 
  upgrading to latest beta drivers fixed it for me . 
  it also had the side effect of random crashes on the desktop , but at least minecraft worked fine .
