  i guess it 's easier for players to handle now , since they 're already used to sof and the other microtransactions . 
  for science !, 
  you have no idea how many times that 's happened to me . 
  on an unrelated note , i got 79 runecrafting today !, 
  does it have to be 120-128gb ? 
  stepping up to 256gb gives a healthy performance boost across pretty much all models . 
  at 256gb you can get the same performance for significantly lower price/gb . 
  as the last picture shows , there are still visible bugs on x = ~ 50,000 though . 
  perfectly within survival walking distance . 
  this should be fixed . 
  so ... anyone know what this update was about ? 
  where 's this from ? 
  it 's killing me . 
  it would be around [ 13.7 billion years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_the_universe ) , but yes , they were created in the first few minutes after the big bang . 
  however , you also have several kilograms of hydrogen in your body that is even older , created in the first second after the big bang . 
  the questions tend to float to be top because people do n't post quality links very often . 
  when somebody does , it 's almost always near the top . 
  the subreddit is simply not active enough to keep a steady flow of quality discussions . 
  i have one that uses `` bing '' as a verb . 
  `` more than 100 new instructions '', 
  yeah ... 
  i feel sorry for the people writing high-performance compilers . 
  this seems really interesting . 
  is there a video anywhere ? 
  smooth !, 
  the best of rs main themes . 
  well done . 
  of course it 's gon na be dark side of the moon , this is reddit after all . 
  # 2 could get interesting i guess . 
  i am currently looking for a new laptop in the 13-14 '' range , but not wanting a 1378x768 screen models automatically rules our 90 % of the models . 
  dammit , just because it 's a laptop does n't mean i do n't need * some * screen real estate . 
  just remember to install updates once in a while . 
  people complain to me about windows update all the time , but i never change that setting for anyone , because i know they would probably never update windows again . 
  no reason to make people 's windows more insecure than it already is . 
  this comment now has four times as much karma as the post . 
  good to restore a little bit of faith in / r/worldnews, 
  barrows should work great as long as you 're in it for fun and not the money . 
  i have n't done barrows since eoc , but pre-eoc you would have been perfectly fine . 
  you would have to bank often and travel alot depending on quest completion , and would n't be terribly efficient overall . 
  but you 'd still make money , and barrows is fun !, 
   players can now replant the cabbages at edgeville monastery after completing the death of chivalry . 
  ( requires 7 + farming and 12 cabbage seeds . ), 
  order has once again been restored to runescape . 
  my guess is they were originally planning for it to be a 90 + slayer drop , but then decided to give aquanites and spiritual mages a little buff as well . 
  they were n't exactly the most attractive of slayer monsters . 
  depends on your definition of `` developed '', 
  at least jagex has started actually finishing storylines lately , like the tzhaar , dwarf and cave-goblin storylines . 
  not in the past where they just started lots of storylines and never finished anything . 
  seriously , i ca n't think of a single questline that actually ended before 2009 . 
  and now they 're even saying they 'll finish the elven storyline . 
  64-bit windows , and all other 64-bit programs ( drivers in particular ) use more memory , which is important if you only have 2 gb . 
  applications that require 64-bit usually do that because they need more than 4 gb memory anyway . 
  if i had a 2 gb system i would probably still go for 32-bit . 
  a 2 gb system is n't future proof anyway . 
  how accurate is that ? 
  the estimations for profit on maples seem conservative at best . 
  edit : i read the source code for the table , and it turns out it does indeed take nest contents into account . 
  god damn . 
  i need to re-evaluate my miscellania priorities . 
  but wait !, 
  since intel skipped broadwell on the desktop , skylake is going to be a massive leap , right ? 
  right ? 
  better hang around another six months and see . 
  also , who really sees themselves recording 100 gb of let 's play * every day * for the next five years ? 
  i once spent well over 10 hours killing goblins to get one of those . 
  that damn final music track . 
  seriously , people still play it ? 
  i wanted to try it five years ago , but it was already pretty much dead . 
  i feel like playing it again now , thank you !, 
  not any official sources , but most ( if not all ) have been uploaded to youtube by fans . 
  also , most of the songs currently in the game are still the rs2 versions , only around ~ 50 were updated with real recordings . 
  unless they are extremely wasteful in the manufacturing process , this wo n't be a significant problem . 
  a standard desktop hard drive has a volume of around 200-400ml , and only some of that will be empty space . 
  think about all the helium that goes into a helium-filled rubber balloons . 
  also , [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helium#applications ) , the world 's total production in 2008 was about 193 billion litres , which means that making 10 billion hard drives a year will still only need 1 % of the world 's annual production . 
  the case would have to be of an extremely sturdy material in order to not collapse like bottle with no air in it . 
  this . 
  the only solution i can imagine is that the moon is illuminated by another object , which is somehow invisible in the sky . 
   rune items are already cheap as hell compared to how they used to be . 
  you must have played for a long time , because rune items have hovered around ( or a little above ) current prices since classic . 
  i feel like it 's been around the corner for a year now , but still no release date . 
  i hope for amd 's sake they do n't slip again . 
  12 years overdue . 
  about time . 
  i am terribly sorry , but ... 
  * happily, 
  except lots of people also play those games outside steam . 
  i wonder what would happen if someone overclocked an nvidia card to those noise levels, 
   about two-thirds [ of men ] say they masturbate , even though about half also say they feel guilty about it , laumann says . 
  what . 
  finding it hard to trust this study tbh . 
  was 10 when i started . 
  i remember questing in a foreign language being quite a challenge . 
  9 years later , almost quest cape and still going strong . 
  you could get a much weaker cpu and put the money into buying a psu . 
  iirc the jaguar cores are clocked at around 1.6 ghz , so basicly any modern quad-core on the market will crush them . 
  what have you worked as ? 
   for a gc 'd language . 
  well there 's your problem, 
  the tracker now only releases the list of open chats 30 minutes before the wave starts .
