  the ai is fun to play against on any difficulty though , because even on the higher levels when it starts playing more positionally sound chess , it will sometimes allow tactics and even forced mates . 
  very fun and rewarding for any < 1800 chess player . 
  inb4 oracle starts suing all of them . 
  although not everyone has java 8 . 
  thank god this clip cut past the 5 minutes of samsung commercial . 
  most commonly caused by ~ ~ bad garbage collection ~ ~ trying to * not * use garbage collection and consequently breaking things . 
  the annoying thing is , there 's no way they did n't know the patch was broken , but they pushed it anyway because it 's thursday and they feel they have to . 
  friday is essentially the new update day , with thursday being no-rust day . 
  i love how he continues on and off through the next few games . 
  `` i 'm already losing ... or something '' - when he gave nakamura a minute strategical advantage . 
  i did n't think i was throwing wild accusations there , but your upvotes tell me i hit a nerve in the community . 
  this shit is * exactly * what bi-weekly updates was supposed to fix . 
  actually give them time to push a release candidate to the dev branch an hour before the patch . 
  wait for some players to join , then log on and run around for 15 minutes and test the * most basic * game functionality . 
  if everything is broken , that 's fine , then just do n't push the patch , so we can at least play rust on thursdays instead of ranting on reddit . 
  i absolutely did not suggest they work all night , i simply suggested they give a shit about the patches they push , since we pretty much have to play on them . 
  ok , so this community can certainly be very toxic at times , and i 'm usually all for protecting people against internet rage . 
  but opening up / r/playrust now , i ca n't say i agree with you . 
  no threads near the top about the gameplay changes at all , neither positive nor negative . 
  all people are talking about is simply that the game is unplayably broken . 
  and you know what , the game * is * broken . 
  this is exactly why we agreed to bi-weekly updates , so that they would only have to go through the hassle of releasing every two weeks . 
  we expected things to get better . 
  we expected to actually play rust on patch days . 
  we expected them to load the patch up on the dev branch and actually test it for five fucking minutes . 
  instead , it just got worse , and people are mad . 
  my suggestion for how patch thursdays should look for facepunch . 
  * a few hours before planned patch time , finish putting the update together . 
  if your work is not scheduled to be finished by thursday morning , it waits till next patch . 
  this is the beauty of rapid release . 
  * push this release candidate build to the dev servers . 
  * announce * it , get all the haters on reddit to come load-test the patch for you instead . 
  wait an hour for people to join . 
  * and now , boot up rust ( it does boot , right ? 
  ) , log on to the server and go play . 
  have a simple checklist of thing to test , or just fucking run around and see if everything breaks . 
  * go on reddit and see if everyone is talking about how broken the game is . 
  * if it * is * broken , start fixing it . 
  if you have to , delay the update until friday , that 's fine . 
  no update is far , far better than an unplayable game . 
  i know this is harder to implement in practice than i make it sound , but seriously , it * can not * be like this , with every other thursday being rage day . 
  we 're not asking for a qa team , just a few hours dedicated to stress testing every two weeks . 
  you can improve here , facepunch . 
  would be interesting to see a database of all those games !, 
  vote with your vote !, 
  make sure you downvote the spoilers and upvote those who take care not to . 
  with a false name ? 
  next year is very optimistic , they need to wait for the major foundries to release their high-power 16nm/14nm processes to get any meaningful improvements . 
  these are not expected in consumer products until h2 , and i somehow doubt porting the console apus will be amd 's first priortity when they get their hands on the new process nodes . 
  that 's not what we mean by hardware refresh . 
  hardware refresh is when they design an identical chip running at identical frequencies , but created at a smaller process node . 
  so the new chip performs exactly the same ( in theory ) , but uses less power by virtue of its smaller process node . 
  it 's how they 've made `` slim '' versions of ps2/ps3 in the past, 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  was he actually caught cheating , or did he just doodle on his scoresheet or something ? 
  interestingly , stockfish says he was actually way better in the final position , around +1.5 . 
  i 'm not good enough to evaluate white 's practical winning chances in this particular position , but in general , +1.5 with so many pieces on the board is nearly always a winning advantage . 
  seems like he chickened out a bit , which of course is perfectly understandable . 
  are the clock times correct ? 
  it seems like he only had 2 seconds left with zero increment , which makes pretty much any move excusable . 
  what a horrible time control . 
  makes a good spectator sport of the last two minutes of the game though . 
  thanks for including the move number , made me chuckle even though i know nothing about the caro kann . 
  is there a mirror ? 
  the livestream.com video player is a piece of crap . 
  i do n't really think that one was planned , though . 
  they probably hoped to have broadwell for desktop a lot sooner . 
  your first and second paragraph contradict each other, 
  yep . 
  this is not true for all openings , the king 's gambit and the fried liver attack are pretty commonly available even against 1200s . 
  2 . . bc5 , the classical way to decline it , is just as sharp or sharper . 
  in many lines , the only way for black to not be worse is to give up a knight to threaten trapping the queen in the middle of the board three moves later . 
  the kind of thing only engines find . 
  everything in the opening is a minefield . 
  well , anything else would just be a regression ... 
  what 's the difference between a jit and a jit-generator ? 
  this usually requires the standard `` user '' folders ( documents , etc ) to be stored on the other partition though , which is nigh impossible on windows . 
  you can have backup routines that take care of that of course , but then you need to be careful so you do n't accidentally take some bloat with you . 
   the problem with doing this though , is that in the case where it breaks on the 50th floor , with this algorithm you 're dropping eggs 51 times and is really not good in this case . 
  huh ? 
  the building had 2 ^ 50 floors ? 
  seriously though , i would think long and hard about whether these kinds of interview questions have any use whatsoever . 
  notably , a high-up at google said a few years ago that they have [ no predictive value whatsoever ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/20/business/in-head-hunting-big-data-may-not-be-such-a-big-deal.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ) . 
  you are mostly just testing how good they are at brainteasers , or whether they happen upon the correct solution right away . 
  i came here for this , thank you . 
  for me , the strongest indication that this story is bs is the fact that no one has been able to confirm the story from a more credible source . 
  i mean , a story as spectacular as this , if true , is bound to be repeated in many places , local media would pick it up , etc. 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  also , it 's a mozilla , a * tiny * company compared to the other big names in the industry , but just as well recognized among developers . 
  that attracts some damn good people just by the sheer amount of exposure a job listing gets , as evidenced by this post . 
  i was actually really happy when i saw the headline , because it means they are seeing good results with servo and are looking to expand the team . 
  mozilla might also have decided that writing a browser rendering engine from scratch in a new language simply was n't worth the effort and cancelled the project . 
  it would be unlikely , given how much resources they 've poured into rust , but what they 're doing is also really damn hard . 
  you do realize that dedicated pc gpus are a very very small part of the overall semiconductor market ? 
  sure tsmc would have liked to have the order , but they 'll do just fine without . 
  so they are using the exact same process for both cpus and gpus ? 
  that is worrying for their gpu division , because it sounds like gf 14nm is still a long way out . 
  amd may also decide to make cpus first on the new process , because they tend to be smaller and have better yields , further delaying their new gpus . 
  probably makes it a lot easier to have apus and gpus in the same foundry though . 
  ah , sorry , i misread your post .
