  all of european society is friendlier towards sex and nudity than all of the us is . 
  europeans bathe topless at the beach . 
  we do n't freak out if children see nudity . 
  naturism is not unusual and there are signs on all the beaches indicating where you can do it . 
  most europeans are pragmatic and matter of fact when it comes to sex . 
  this is also reflected in the media . 
  the mainstream media in europe just have different rules when it comes to what can be shown on movies and television . 
  this all contrasts to the american puritanism/pornography dichotomy you see in the american media . 
  and it also contrasts to the `` think of the children '' hysteria that is a hallmark of american sexuality ( not that that does n't have european equivalents ) . 
  it 's very annoying when posters come online and post contrary to things that everyone knows to be true . 
  it 's part of the fake news syndrome . 
  fact : `` americans are uptight about sexuality , but cool with violence . '', 
  you : `` no , they 're not . '', 
  please give this contrarian way of posting a rest . 
  travel a bit . 
  you 'll see it for yourself . 
  europe hardly speaks with one voice when it comes to this . 
  poles are catholic as fuck . 
  if poles can wear crucifixes to school , i do n't see why hijabs are wrong . 
  i really feel we 're talking at cross-purposes here . 
  i 've spent a lifetime watching american movies and television , but you 're telling me that my impression of it is wrong ... 
  i suppose you 're annoyed at my analogy of nudity v. exploding heads . 
  but if you let that go for a minute , surely you agree that the standards for displaying nudity , sex , etc. 
  in the american media are really quite different from those in europe . 
  american television and movies are filled with exorbitant violence , and yet very little explicit sex . 
  if you go to a marvel movie , for example , plenty of exploding heads . 
  not one breast . 
  but now they do n't . 
  ( and in europe they do . ), 
  what is your point ? 
  all your post does is show that you do n't really understand the american concept at all, 
  in america you can show an exploding head , but not a bare breast, 
  oh please ... in america you ca n't even accidentally show a bit of breast at a half-time show, 
  wow , looks great . 
  just [ 20 km south of split ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/omi%c5%a1,+croatia/@43.4349917,16.684653,14z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x134a98152ce46845:0x46516efef6fd3fc2!8m2!3d43.4433559!4d16.6929175?hl=en ), 
  i love this kind of map . 
  that 's why i come here, 
  yay some good new about europe, 
  uggh . 
  then i choose to hate trumpism . 
  americanism . 
  address this part of my post please :  if you mean persecuted visible minority social group , then gays and muslims are struggling against authoritarianism together . 
  the quality and strength of our democracy depends on how we welcome and protect muslims . 
  we are not a society that turns on a group and proclaims our collective hatred for them . 
  are you saying that it is acceptable in our society to declare our collective hatred for a religion ?? 
  really ?? 
  i admit that islam has issues , and i am as much an atheist as anyone , but to use words like `` hatred of islam '' is going too far . 
  the problem really is that there are many feeble-minded people ( like trump ) who can not tell the difference between islam and muslims . 
  depends on what you mean by `` muslim '' . 
  if you mean persecuted visible minority social group , then gays and muslims are struggling against authoritarianism together . 
  the quality and strength of our democracy depends on how we welcome and protect muslims . 
  we are not a society that turns on a group and proclaims our collective hatred for them . 
  if you mean homophobic fundamentalist religion , then gays and muslims are not in the same boat . 
  freedom of religion , yes . 
  but there are limits . 
  the whole thing is a delicate balancing act . 
  there are gay muslims ( by the millions ) , so the gay community ( and hopefully the left ) can not abandon them to their imams . 
  it 's a complex situation . 
  you ca n't just write it off as gays v. muslims . 
  it 's right to remind the left that gays have a problem with islam , but on the other hand that does n't mean we accept hatred of muslims . 
  we ca n't give in to the black and white thinking of fundamentalists . 
  god give / u/aeliandil money . 
  if you did give orders to god , you would write it like this :  god , save the queen . 
  [ france ] ( http://images.esellerpro.com/2466/i/973/0/laparis2.jpg ) [ germany ] ( https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/htb13ym1ifxxxxx2xfxxq6xxfxxxd/dhl-free-shipping-ml5096-sexy-gorgeous-beer-font-b-girl-b-font-deluxe-costume-font-b.jpg ), 
  um , that 's in germany . 
  you mean l'assembl\u00e9e nationale . 
  are you getting france and germany confused again ? 
  and a media whore too , am i right, 
  we brought america into this world , we can take it out . 
  let 's hope he does n't . 
  it might be us who destroys him . 
  it 's the subjunctive , not the imperative . 
  it means `` may god save ... '' it 's like saying `` rest in peace '' . 
  it 's a supplication , not a command . 
  do n't be seduced by le pen . 
  if elected , she will destroy france and destroy europe . 
  she may be articulate , but she is a one-trick pony . 
  the rioting in france will be long and hard if she gets in . 
  to the other posters here , do n't give in to hate . 
  you have n't understood that the problem is `` authoritarianism '' , which hates immigration as much as homosexuality . 
  when leftists stand with muslims , they are also standing with gay people . 
  they should never have to choose between gay people and muslims , but if that kind of situation ever arose , they would side with the group that is the most persecuted . 
  is n't this the same moron who opposed ceta ? 
  he 's an extremist who does n't give a shit about federal europe . 
  he 's only interested in local issues , but is willing to destroy everything around him . 
  they 've already effectively destroyed the us and the uk . 
  i do n't want this to happen to the eu . 
  i do n't think the european people can resist online propaganda like this , especially if it relates to muslim immigrants . 
  how can we stop this ? 
  these morons may end up causing the destruction of the eu . 
  moving ... 
  period . 
  all your comments are wrong . 
  it would have been correct to say `` xenophobic '' or `` anti-immigrant '' . 
  not `` anti-european '' . 
  it was just an inaccurate way to frame this . 
  you 'll have to define `` recent '' for me because i do n't see this as recent at all . 
  recent is 1990 . or 2008 . 
  our human rights norms developed as a result of the second world war . 
  so maybe post-1945 is `` recent '' .
