  i 've provided links . 
  they speak for themselves . 
  well-educated romanians who speak english and have discovered reddit do n't like hearing this -- but c'mon . 
  all of europe knows this is going on . 
  downvoting and insults are not going to change this . 
  do n't reduce this to the childish level of countries pointing fingers at each other . 
  i 'm sure it 's a minority . 
  i have no idea what forces in your country are distributing criminality like this around europe . 
  corruption , certainly . 
  poverty , probably . 
  an established mafia . 
  admittedly , some of it may be just [ image ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21550768 ) . 
  but for fuck 's sakes , this is why canadians do n't want to give you visas . 
  canada has never had to deal with this level of criminality . 
  it 's outrageous for romanians to act like they are a normal country and should have normal visa rules applied to them . 
  if you want to be treated like a normal country , like an equal country , clean up the corruption and criminality . 
  when romania joined europe , europe gave you the benefit of the doubt . 
  * eu values will help civilise romania . 
  * that 's what we thought . 
  but instead romania has exported criminality to the rest of europe . 
  romania has dragged us down to its level . 
  and now it is absurdly blocking major trade deals . 
  you could n't make this shit up . 
  you want the benefits of the eu but you do n't want to accept the responsibilities . 
  no , criminality is the reason . 
  romanian criminals are everywhere . 
  read [ this for the uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9896121/up-to-one-in-three-romanians-arrested-figures-show.html ) . 
  [ france ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/societe/de-lille-a-marseille-la-grande-razzia-des-bandits-roumains-13-06-2013-1688811_23.php ) . 
  [ spain ] ( http://www.standaard.be/cnt/dmf17032006_028 ) . 
  the romanians are effectively forcing europe to say this to the canadians : * let our vicious , organised criminals into your country or else you ca n't have free trade with many of your largest trading partners . 
  i hate articles like this . 
  of course , readers are going ask things like where is switzerland ? 
  germany ? 
  so why did n't the person who wrote this article look at that ? 
  instead we 're left with an incomprehensible list , disseminated worldwide , that tells a story we do n't really understand . 
  does anyone have a link ? 
  europeans are more like deer frozen in the headlights, 
  but imagine you 're a investment broker or bank manager with a salary of $ 350,000 a year . 
  frankfurt or paris ? 
  you 'd rather live in frankfurt than paris ?? 
  why do so many people want to live in paris then ? 
  it 's a particularly nasty [ cult-like group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adnan_oktar ) . 
  holocaust and evolution denial are part of it . 
  he has filed 5,000 lawsuits , many to shut down websites he disagrees with . 
  his female followers are called `` kittens '' . 
  wtf is his organisation doing in amsterdam ? 
  it 's a ~ ~ christian ~ ~ religious group of some kind . 
  there is freedom of religion . 
  it 's just that the dutch are not used to christian religious groups attacking homosexuality . 
  that 's something that happens in america or eastern europe . 
  the dutch aversion to religious extremism is rooted in their own history . 
  incidents like this seriously test the limits of freedom of expression in the netherlands . 
  and we 've reached the point where a flyer quoting an anti-gay verse from the bible ( in this case [ romans 1 26-28 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=romans+1:26-28 ) ) seriously freaks some dutch people out . 
  many dutch people find religion in general to be rather creepy . 
  sorry but that 's still too expensive . 
  burgers should be $ 5, 
  they 'd be crazy to move to frankfurt instead of paris, 
  even the weather has changed in 50 years !, 
  the situation is completely different . 
  these people are like the nazis , not like the jews . 
  we are at war with them . 
  this attitude is a wartime attitude . 
  they are technically traitors , as well as murderers , rapists , and so on . 
  i 'll spare you links to the photos of crucifixion , beheadings and torture * of children * . 
  the people of syria and iraq have experienced rape , murder , genocide , slavery , infanticide and so on . 
  they will be the same in europe . 
  some of them gouged out the eyes of still-alive women on the second floor of bataclan . 
  sorry , but zero tolerance . 
  i hope not a single one of them comes back alive . 
  we do n't have the ability to co-exist with people like this . 
  no justice will be sufficient . 
  no legal system in europe can deal with it adequately . 
  sorry , i do n't agree . 
  i hope they all die in iraq and syria . 
  they would have to be locked up and questioned , perhaps for years . 
  yes , it would be guantanamo all over again . 
  ( any country that did n't do this would be deeply regretful . ), 
  the lawyers and human rights advocates would get involved . 
  they would eventually be released , bitter and unchanged . 
  they would focus on radicalizing everyone else in their community . 
  millions would have to be spent monitoring them . 
  a few would escape and commit another bataclan or two . 
  a police officer after bataclan :  bodies have not been presented to families because there were beheaded people there , the murdered people , people who have been disemboweled . 
  there are women who had their genitals stabbed . 
  these animals can never return . 
  no , no , no . 
  it 's better to kill them all in battle . 
  i do n't know if any of them can ever be deradicalised . 
  they 've killed too many people . 
  seen too much horror . 
  harboured too much hatred . 
  they forfeited their lives when they went down that road . 
  we simply can not allow them to come back . 
  i 'm sure every official in the west is thinking hard about how to ensure they never do come home . 
  i hope the british and americans have snipers there to pick off the europeans and other mercenaries during the battle one by one . 
  and i hope the people of mosul are given an opportunity to exact revenge from the 5,000 or so isis fighters who have terrorized them for two years . 
  first , let 's do what we can to kill every isis savage before he or she has a chance to come home . 
  if they 're all destroyed , our problems will be a lot easier to deal with . 
  let the iraqis and kurds dispense justice to them . 
  we should revoke their citizenships , of course .
