  this is just the usual anglo-american euro-hate . 
  maybe we should post more articles on the imminent break up of the uk ? 
  your route through russian , kazakhstan , china and mongolia looks really boring . 
   on 15 april coe was driving through east london when he spotted the two 16-year-olds hugging on the pavement . 
  he pulled over to confront the pair , demanding to know whether they were muslims , before calling the boy 's girlfriend a `` whore '' . 
  he grabbed the boy by the throat and threw him to the ground before kicking his head as he lay there , leaving him unconscious and bleeding from two head injuries . 
  when a passing schoolteacher , boutho siwela , tried to come to the teenager 's aid , he was also attacked . 
  coe , who is 6ft 1in and weighs 16 and a half stone , admitted `` shoving '' the boy , who is half his size , but claimed he was acting in self-defence . 
  in a victim impact statement the boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , said the attack had left him frightened of older men . 
  ok , `` older men '' . 
  that 's the thing to be frightened of as a result of this ... 
  [ kosovo , macedonia , albania ] ( http://www.euratlas.net/geography/europe/mountains/sar_mountains.html ), 
   the main exhibit of the statue of antinous , prot\u00e9g\u00e9 of the emperor hadrian um , `` prot\u00e9g\u00e9 '' ... riiiiight, 
  what has happened to this antinous ? 
  which museum is it in ? 
  interesting article ... 
  however , the economist rather quaintly seems to think that journalists and political commentators are still interested in telling the truth , and that their readers and listeners want to hear it . 
  if non-populists wish to counter the lies , sensationalism and schadenfreude of populism effectively , appeals to ethical journalism and calls for more sober comment are n't going to work . 
  the british and their euro-hate again ... 
  is he criticizing it in other cultures ? 
  show me the link . 
  i do n't see europeans criticising your holiday customs though . 
  not everyone . 
  just the americans . 
  i do n't feel comfortable digging around in portuguese society and history to find examples of prejudice against minorities . 
  but i 'm sure it would be a very fruitful search . 
  i 'm ending this discussion now . 
  i 've made my point . 
  it 's hugely hypocritical . 
  link me to one post where you criticize anything relating to portugal . 
  this is a sensitive issue for dutch people . 
  you must know that . 
  so , yes , you are deliberately , arrogantly and hypocritically criticizing one of our beloved traditions . 
  who are you to criticize an entire people ? 
  it 's hypocritical to comment critically on this tradition when you have the same tradition in your own culture . 
  you 're portuguese , whether you like it or not . 
  blackface appears in portuguese culture as well ... so stop judging , ok ? 
  it 's hypocritical to do this . 
  what is your nationality ? 
  you mentioned bullfighting . 
  are you portuguese ? 
  french ? 
  mexican ? 
  what ? 
  why are you posting on / r/europe without a nation flare beside your name ? 
  neither do i. 
  i do n't want to stoop to your level , but the spanish also have a tradition of [ blackface ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7frbdr6cbtk ) , particularly balthasar in spanish nativity pageants . 
  so if you 're spanish , maybe you should focus on your own country ? 
  what ? 
  i guess not . 
  deal with it . 
  your history includes a post stating that you think of the netherlands as one of the few places where you would live . 
  so you must like something about the country . 
  mind your own business . 
  stop judging other cultures . 
  quit your judging . 
  nice cultural imperialism . 
  quit your judging . 
  even if you 're right , who are the americans ( and who are you ) to tell a nation what to do ? 
  sorry , but this video , well done as it is , is not balanced at all . 
  it 's clearly against the black peter tradition . 
  it utterly fails to tell both sides of the story in any meaningful way . 
  this video is a failure in that sense . 
  virtue signaling . 
  propaganda really . 
  i 'm sort of wondering why americans and others are commenting on this at all ? 
  would you like europeans to comment publicly on what they think of american traditions ? 
  maybe the dutch could produce videos showing how american christmas holidays are really just hypocritical orgies of corporate greed . 
  or how the indian generosity of the thanksgiving story was repaid with genocide , war , expropriation and confinement to reserves . 
  would you like us to produce videos lecturing americans to lose weight ? 
  to stop shooting black men in the street ? 
  to tell canadians to stop clubbing seals ? 
  to tell the spanish to stop bullfighting ? 
  i mean there is more than enough to criticize around the world . 
  so this is how it is : americans in particular think blackface is wrong in their culture . 
  that 's fine . 
  but is it really the case that the whole world has to think what the americans think ? 
  who made you the moral arbiters of the world ? 
  there are many black people in the netherlands . 
  hundreds of thousands were welcomed here and given citizenship when there was no real obligation to do this . 
  they came here knowing the language and feeling part of the culture . 
  they celebrated this holiday in their home country . 
  the overwhelming majority still do in their new country , without comment or second thought . 
  these blacks are now , for the most part , happy , successful , prosperous and integrated -- unlike the situation of blacks in some countries . 
  if a few are unhappy with the tradition , let them protest or litigate . 
  it 's a very fair country . 
  things will be worked out . 
  let 's assume for the sake of argument that black pieter is a racist tradition just in the way you think ... who are you to tell another people that they are doing something racist ? 
  do you tell the chinese they are racist ? 
  do you tell the russians they are racist ? 
  is it your national mission to go around the world hissing `` racist '' at smaller nations that do n't meet your standards ? 
  if so , who gave you this mission ? 
  and should n't you deal with the log in your own eye first ? 
  americans ( including those burdened by the guilt of their own racism ) and non-dutch diaspora africans , please mind your own business . 
  this is part of our identity , a beloved children 's holiday , an ancient tradition , one of the very few we have left . 
  it is now a painful issue for us , thanks to the unwelcome meddling of clueless foreigners . 
  the netherlands can handle this issue on its own . 
  yes , you need investment in emerging sectors and labour flexibility . 
  if you do n't have that , then of course you 're not going to be able to compete . 
  the west seems to be affected by a general malaise because of many things .
