  this would take a very long post to answer properly . 
  it 's not really about `` loving '' the eu , but about being grateful for it and having positive feelings about it . 
  the eu has brought 75 years of peace and stability to a continent that had gone to war repeatedly for centuries . 
  in particular , it has reined in germany and stabilized its relationship with france . 
  the eu has brought prosperity to the members that followed the rules . 
  it has brought integration and order to what used to be a politically , religiously , linguistically and socially fragmented continent . 
  it has supported justice and human rights norms . 
  but most importantly , it has brought opportunity , i.e. 
  the chance of living and working throughout the continent . 
  a lot flows from this , including opportunities relating to education , marriage , retirement , etc. 
  if you want to discuss any one of these more , let me know . 
  how is it not true ? 
  it is true . 
   i hope we can strike a beneficial deal for both sides . 
  fuck , no way . 
  the uk is going to pay . 
  you ca n't just leave the eu and get a `` beneficial deal '' . 
  then everyone would do it . 
  and merkel has already said there will be no discussions about the new deal until the uk is out . 
  the two negotiations are not going to be conducted concurrently . 
  i was really surprised to read in an article linked here today that some britons seem to think that the british are going to wrest trade deals from the europeans . 
  um , no , that is n't going to happen . 
  that 's exactly what i said , right ? 
  unnecessary comment : wtf have you been smoking ? 
  you remind me of my geography teacher . 
  there is europe , and there is europe . 
  everyone in the eu uses the terms `` eu '' and `` europe '' interchangeably . 
  there is no real europe outside of the eu . 
  look at this map : http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/70233000/gif/_70233868_eunames.gif the only nations not part of the eu are ( 1 ) norway ( 2 ) zwitserland and ( 3 ) a collection of balkan nations . 
  1 and 2 pay an enormous sum to get access to the market , and they comply with the laws , so they are de facto part of it . 
  the balkan nations are trying to get into it . 
  so really all of europe is in the eu . 
  the russian countries are struggling with russia . 
  maybe belarus and ukraine will join some day . 
  seems unlikely . 
  they are not really part of this . 
  are they part of europe ? 
  i suppose technically . 
  contrary to what the uk and us media would have to believe , joining the eu is very desirable . 
  when i said , `` had to '' i meant it in the sense of an subjective obligation , like `` i have to go to the wc '' or `` i have to go to that club '' . 
  the uk is out of this now ( unfortunately ) but it does n't change the imperative . 
  what is this obsession with geography ? 
  russia will never be part of the eu . 
  everyone in the eu uses the terms `` eu '' and `` europe '' interchangeably . 
  there is no real europe outside of the eu . 
  look at this map : http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/70233000/gif/_70233868_eunames.gif the only nations not part of the eu are ( 1 ) norway ( 2 ) zwitserland and ( 3 ) a collection of balkan nations . 
  1 and 2 pay an enormous sum to get access to the market , and they comply with the laws , so they are de facto part of it . 
  the balkan nations are trying to get into it . 
  so really all of europe is in the eu . 
  the russian countries are struggling with russia . 
  maybe belarus and ukraine will join some day . 
  seems unlikely . 
  except for the uk now . 
  stay at home then, 
  yes it was a mistake, 
  i mean fewer trade advantages, 
  because they want to ? 
  because europe is awesome ? 
  because there are advantages ? 
  the eu includes almost every country . 
  two nonmembers pay a fortune to be quasi members . 
  that leaves only the uk out of the game . 
  sulky uncooperative sneering brits, 
  no , this isnt right at all, 
  as long as it delivers much less than actual membership and requires compliance with eu regs when it come to exports to the eu, 
  interesting . 
  support for devolution seems to hover at around 42 % one statement in the article struck me : do brits actually think they will have free trade with the eu ? 
  the eu has already decided not to let the uk do what switzerland and norway do, 
  hatred is too strong a word . 
  anger . 
  revenge . 
  the ~ ~ eu ~ ~ uk will never agree to pay what norway and swirzerland pay . 
  besides , the eu has closed that door . 
   the uk media does n't demonise europe , it demonises the eu !, 
  the eu is europe , ffs . 
  there is just the eu and a few stragglers . 
  that 's what europe is . 
  the eu 's government is fine . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with it . 
  it 's helped to create an eu that is pretty awesome . 
  russia and turkey are not part of europe . 
  the swiss and norwegians are , but they pay handsomely for the privilege of being part of the eu in every conceivable way except in name . 
  why , i do n't know . 
  cross your fingers . 
  it 's going to be a wild ride . 
  we wo n't have to wonder about what is wrong with your media anymore . 
  you can continue to believe the lies of your billionaires . 
  personally i think your media will be focusing on your economic problems . 
  well , let 's see if you raise the same argument when scotland votes to leave the uk . 
  i was responding to the previous poster , who was arguing that the uk leaving does not constitute breaking up the eu . 
  he wanted the eu to stay together , but just without the uk . 
  and my emotional reaction to the uk leaving is justifiable , i think . 
  most europeans are going to feel like this . 
  there 's inevitably going to be a demonization process ( although it certainly wo n't match what the uk media do to europe ) . 
  some eu leaders are saying that we should resist this impulse , but i personally do n't want to . 
  my instinct is to tell you to get the fuck out now and then to kick the door shut behind you . 
  ah , an ad hominem argument in your third paragraph . 
  the eu is a democracy . 
  if you do n't like what the commission or parliament are doing , you vote them out . 
  if you dislike the entire system ( for some reason ) , you reform it .
