  even a report on europeans who love the eu, 
  you are not free to express hatred . 
  no one is . 
  hatred is unacceptable speech . 
  in europe it is illegal . 
  this applies to everyone . 
  you do not have absolute freedom of speech . 
  only an american bozo would think hate speech is acceptable . 
  right wing views ( including anti-immigrant views ) are acceptable but they are not acceptable if they become insulting , racist , hateful , violent , genocidal . 
  if you hate muslims or any other group , shut the fuck about it . 
  your hate has to remain a private matter if you and your country cant meet these eu norms , get the fuck out . 
  what happens on wednesday ? 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  what ive said is centrist not fascist . 
  maybe they could try printing a few positive things about the eu, 
  i 'm busy on wednesday, 
  not from the british . 
  they voted to leave . 
  so fucking leave already and shut up about the eu . 
  we do n't need sniping from the british chattering classes , especially when they have an international readership . 
  what is it about the endless , ongoing negativity about the eu constantly emanating from every corner of the uk media ? 
  where are the pro-european comments in this article ? 
  the very title : `` what went wrong with the eu ... '' answer : nothing . 
  but why does the guardian think otherwise ? 
  i read the guardian regularly . 
  they * were * pro-remain , but that is history . 
  i hope not . 
  turkey is an amazing country . 
  we 've all been there several times . 
  my country is filled with people of turkish background , and they are generally hard-working great people . 
  they do have this strong chauvinist streak sometimes , but they also have a strong history of secularism and openness to the west . 
  i trust the turkish people will remove him and return to sanity . 
  let 's hope so . 
  what he 's doing and saying is completely unacceptable . 
  what dissenters ffs ?? 
  who ?? 
  what the fuck is a `` dissenter '' ?? 
  who `` tracks down dissenters '' exactly ? 
  this does n't happen where i live . 
  people are free to have political views . 
  this is freedom . 
  everyone who has a legitimate political view should express it openly and under his own name . 
  show your colours . 
  stand up and say what you believe in . 
  if you 're an extremist , then show some courage and admit to it . 
  do n't snarl anonymous insults and hate at or about the people you do n't like . 
  that is n't freedom or democracy . 
  we had freedom and democracy before the internet . 
  it was even better then . 
  the internet is ruining it . 
  this business of secretly hurling hate at the world has to stop . 
  why do people keep bringing up russia when discussing this ? 
  i can understand why the uk feels the need to slag the eu now that it is leaving . 
  but the truth is that the eu is still the last remaining sane place on the planet . 
  most of us like what the eu has brought to our countries and we 're ready to defend it . 
  the underlying theme here is : we do n't like the immigrants . 
  well , fuck that . 
  yes , i think the eu has to be tweaked . 
  we need to consolidate , strengthen and create hard borders we can protect . 
  we can still continue with this project of creating a rich , diverse continent where the good life and social justice go hand in hand . 
  we should punish the uk severely for this nonsense . 
  deny them all trade advantages . 
  do our best to destroy the city . 
  and never , ever , let them back in unless it falls apart and the various countries apply one by one . 
  well , it 's just a matter of time before the internet figures out how to stop the extremist hatred , especially once the big advertisers start pulling out . 
  censorship is necessary and everywhere , and to deny that is immature . 
  please do n't describe hatred as `` uncomfortable '' . 
  that 's a bozo american view of it . 
  or something from eastern europe . 
  the only ones complaining are the right wing trolls who want to spread this hate . 
  sure , do it , but do it in public using your real name . 
  look at it this way : they gave the masses the internet and anonymity , and the masses decided to start screaming abuse . 
  fine . 
  take it away from them . 
  once the trolls are identified , they can lose their girlfriends and their jobs and die in obscurity . 
  oh please ... 
  survival of course . 
  but israel should n't be surprised if people react in an undesirable way . 
  anonymously promoting race hatred on the internet is exactly what the , er , kgb wants you to do . 
  hell , they 're doing it too . 
  destabilising western democracies is one of their primary goals . 
  and their friends , family , colleagues , employers and clients are appalled . 
  there are consequences . 
  if a public statement slips into extreme , genocidal , illegal race hatred , there are also legal options . 
  you raise good points , but i do n't see how you can accomplish this goal with anonymity . 
  that 's the only way to ensure there are consequences . 
  agreed, 
  at these universities you were exposed to left-wing people . 
  this is natural because students and academia tend to be left wing . 
  if you had been working at a bank , for a large corporation , in a religious institution , in the military , etc. , you would have been exposed to right-wing people . 
  there were right-wing people all around you , but you apparently did n't have much contact with them . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` hatred and extremism from left wing teachers and professors '' . 
  i do n't understand what that would look like . 
  they hate the right wing ? 
  is that it ? 
  i do know what hatred and extremism from the far right looks like . 
  they hate the left wing , but they also hate specific groups of people . 
  that is unacceptable once it gets too severe and violates the law . 
  europe has just emerged two generations ago from a spasm of genocidal race hatred . 
  we ca n't let it happen again .
