  eventually they are going to come out and turn russia into a pink paradise . 
  not my values . 
  the human race 's values . 
  and the human rights of the 7.5 million gay people in russia . 
  human rights are universal . 
  no nation is above them . 
  international law must prevail , even in russia . 
   an awareness of its own destiny yeah ... no . 
  we know where this leads . 
  is / r/europe as bad yet as the-sub-that-shall-not-be named ? 
  kadyrov as putin 's little dog https://youtu.be/v5ri68tdz0q?t=113, 
  may turkish democracy rest in peace . 
  beautiful, 
  in chechnya ( which is part of russia ) , they are openly executing us . 
  it 's not just about homosexuality :  following the ukrainian crisis , the kremlin began to insist , in a particularly insistent manner , on russian cultural exceptionalism and its civilizing mission through the gradual establishment of certain personalities of a strongly nationalist tendency as opinion leaders . 
  from this perspective russian values , mixed with slavic and orthodox tradition , become `` incompatible with the western liberal path , just as much as with communism '' , as the russian cultural minister declared in 2014 . 
  in this light , it is also possible to understand russia 's convergence with eurosceptic parties that espouse conservative values and oppose lgbt rights and immigration . 
  it 's taken in a specific part of the city . 
  it 's just racist crap, 
  racist, 
  and it gets upvoted by everyone from minsk to moldova, 
  racist, 
  it 's not all of paris , ffs, 
  identitarians are scum, 
  i 'm not `` throwing the word racist around '' . 
  i 'm pointing at racists and identifying them . 
  there 's a difference . 
  what you 're saying is that it has become acceptable to be openly racist . 
  that will never be acceptable . 
  i do n't understand what your point is here . 
  you think the west might become racist ? 
  that racism will become acceptable in the west ? 
  this very sub is filled with eastern europeans making racist comments . 
  they are not stupid people . 
  not all of them are racist . 
  but those who are really do have to give this up if they want to be treated seriously . 
   western politicians say they would n't want to live next to a person like me , well , then , i 'm not sure how alright is that . 
  when people are denied stay in hotels , that 's not very welcoming . 
  when people are called vermin , that 's also not very okay . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about when you make these statements . 
  do you think western europeans say these things about eastern europeans ? 
  what is your point here ? 
  are you saying it 's acceptable for eastern europeans to be racist against muslims and other immigrants because western europeans are ( according to you ) racist towards them ? 
  such a despicable , hateful , evil woman . 
  it 's a shame she does n't use her talents for something less horrible . 
  in two years , after she falls in love with an iraqi , she 'll apologise and say it was all meant in fun and retract all of it . 
  well , that 's true . 
  eventually eastern europeans will give up their racism . 
  no , but if they 're racist , they can fuck right off -- even the clean and fair ones . 
  no , she 's not . 
  you are trying to rationalize racism . 
  make it sound necessary or natural . 
  sorry , but no . 
  eastern europeans were given everything they asked for . 
  they have not been shunned at all . 
  how xenophobic can it be when they were let in , given jobs and housing , and allowed to build their lives here ? 
  the least they can do is accept that others deserve the same . 
   increasingly large number of people fall under that umbrella and seem unaffected by it . 
  racists are racists . 
  fascists are fascists . 
  it will never be acceptable . 
  the irony is that i 'm not particularly left wing myself . 
  but it has to always be unacceptable to be so openly racist . 
  or else where do we end up ? 
  it 's disgusting how it 's now common and almost acceptable to spew out racist hate speech . 
  so disturbing . 
  we ca n't just let it slide . 
  it has to be identified and challenged every time . 
  this sub ( / r/europe ) is frequently visited by populist , racist european posters , esp . 
  from eastern europe . 
  there is no subtlety , no nuance . 
  just hatred of immigrants and muslims . 
  ask her what she thinks about europe and french people . 
  she is racist scum . 
  a hysterical right-wing fanatic . 
  lap up her shit if you want to , but do n't be surprised later if she starts saying things about french people too . 
  the woman who made this video is alt-right . 
  amsterdam was a shithole before airbnb . 
  [ imagine what it 's like now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv-jajlxds8 ), 
  and who really knows what it takes to be a successful albanian prime minister ? 
  maybe he has it figured out . 
  no , it 's covered by the `` memories '' bag, 
  what 's the story behind the shoes ? 
  and as for `` do n't give a fuck what i wear '' leadership , meet [ the king of morrocco ] ( http://imgur.com/ea5wekz ) and [ the king of thailand ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2016/10/14/11/thai-crown-prince-2-0.jpg ), 
  should n't you be looking just in spain then ? 
  threads like this are going to upset the many conservative , nationalist poles who come here . 
  it ruins their narratives about themselves . 
  [ they 're everywhere ] ( http://www.ad.nl/home/hippe-jonge-mannen-nemen-befaamde-rode-broek-over~a9ea93f8/ ), 
  i hate those white-haired guys in their 50s and 60s who wear red pants and blue oxford shirts , accompanied by their overly tanned bleached blonde wives wearing white boots, 
  haha the dutch do this too, 
  and so it begins, 
  so poland can easily take in 22,000 muslims now, 
  i have no idea what your comment has to do with it . 
  many on this sub are overtly racist and anti-immigrant . 
  anti-muslim posts are highly upvoted . 
  this is not at all a sub that leans left . 
  this is just incorrect . 
  the eastern european posters are , for example , mostly right wing . 
  ca n't access this because i 'm not a subscriber,
