  eu values spreading around the planet . 
  bias and systemic negatitivty is hard to fathom at times , is n't it ? 
  many of these `` experts '' have staked their careers on doomsaying when it comes to the euro and the eu . 
  they completely ignore the positive indications . 
  now that london is about to lose its golden-egg-laying geese to the eu , the bitterness and negativity coming from the city , westminster and the british media are becoming shrill . 
  more of the relentless euro-negativity spewed out by the english-language media ... 
  all of reddit , the entire internet , the political process in almost every western country , is under assault from alt-right posters , and you seem to think that this does n't happen in r/europe . 
  from what i 've seen on this sub , the minute the issue of immigration and islam comes up , every single eastern european poster is on the same page . 
  poland and hungary are governed by right-wing populist governments , supported by millions of people -- with thousands of people protesting in the streets -- and yet you think right-wing poles and hungarians are not posting here . 
  the mods are deleting and banning like crazy to keep it under control . 
  many of the racist comments in this thread have already been deleted . 
  i do n't have to explain anything to you . 
  you 're just not awake . 
  if eastern europeans want to present to the world as right-wing xenophobes , they deserve to be called racists . 
  that 's fucking rich . 
  eastern europeans submit one post after the next explaining how much they dislike muslims and do n't want immigrants . 
  this sub is an ongoing parade of xenophobia , islamophobia and racism , almost all of it coming from eastern european nationalists . 
  the alt-right feel comfortable here , and i find it disgusting . 
  and you call me the bigot for pointing out the racism . 
  i 'm not going to get insulting , but gmafb . 
  [ located on the amalfi coast ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/84010+maiori,+province+of+salerno,+italy/@40.6548454,14.50207,11z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x133b9544bd798051:0x7d1c536d9c64d789!8m2!3d40.6512305!4d14.6433648 ), 
  define `` top economy '' or `` world 's leading economic power '' . 
  is that the same as `` biggest economy '' ? 
  define `` countries of the eu '' . 
  how does that differ from `` eu '' . 
  nobody knows how big the eu 's economy as a whole is . 
  in the news , the individual countries are listed , not the eu as a whole . 
  nobody really thinks of the eu as a single economy . 
  example : https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/03/worlds-biggest-economies-in-2017/ the question asked in the poll is fucked . 
  the poll result indicates nothing useful . 
  this whole thread is about the polish and hungarian governments are you new to / r/europe ? 
  this sub is barraged with nationalist comments by eastern europeans, 
  and yet you 're both part of the eu . 
  nice . 
  and it 's `` mr history phds '' ... plural . 
  it 's not like two countries need to be contiguous to form a union . 
  and i 'm pretty sure slovakia wants in . 
  it 's shorter than writing `` non-western european '', 
  retard now , is it ? 
  i have degrees from heidelberg , the sorbonne and leuven . 
  you do n't have to be neighbours to be in a union . 
  hungary and the netherlands are in a union , and yet look how far apart they are . 
  i was n't talking about impotence ffs . 
  and i 'm not making fun of trump 's diseased cock . 
  i think we should pity him . 
  i 'm glad for him that there are eastern europeans willing to suck it . 
  i did n't say sucking cock was inherently bad . 
  i 'm just pointing out that sucking is going on . 
  and blowing . 
  eastern europeans sucking trump 's cock is indeed worthy of ridicule . 
  they 're doing it of their own free will . 
  look at the polish cheering him on in warsaw . 
  wow . 
  suck harder , poles . 
  did you read the title of this thread : `` hungary to support poland amid european ` inquisition ' : pm orban '' what are you not understanding ? 
  well , maybe the citizens of these countries should stop posting racist nonsense on reddit then . 
  i 'm not saying hungarians are slavs . 
  but , ffs , the whole point of this thread was `` hungary to support poland '' . 
  and the hungarians and slavs all have this anti-immigrant attitude . 
   the only thing fidesz has a majority of support in is the immigrant question . 
  it 's possible to oppose immigration without being racist about it . 
  but the posters here , and the politicians in general , are being racist and islamophobic about it . 
  they have obligations , and they should swallow their distaste for immigrants and meet their obligations . 
   you have to see that we are not opposed to mass immigration because we are white supremacists or any bs reason like that . 
  we are opposed to mass immigration for one reason : we have high unemployment , shitty economy and our public services are really underfunded . 
  thus , we simply ca n't support migrants , when we have problems with providing basic amenities and jobs to our own population . 
  this is an interesting spin on it , but i think you may actually be wrong about it . 
  some people may think it 's economic , but it is essentially racist for most of them . 
  just look at the posts here . 
  ask one of the teenage slavic fascists who are upvoting you to do it then, 
  use [ these guys ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-1xsbburedbk/u5g8x3jgb0i/aaaaaaaab1k/sj7yx6ppobo/s1600/falanga-warsaw-march.jpg ), 
  i forgot to tell you . 
  i also have a master of science in geography and earth sciences from heidelberg . 
  and i say it 's perfectly possible for hungary to form a union with its slavic neighbours . 
  you do n't need the austrians . 
  now suck and blow at the same time . 
  the mistake was the eu expanding into eastern europe . 
  i have two phds in history from leuven and the sorbonne, 
   eu was found on conservative ideals and by quite conservative people you 're thinking of the nazis . 
  the eu is what followed . 
  it 's ok to be racist against racists . 
  it 's called a strong democracy . 
  come on ... 
  it 's not about liberals . 
  the right to life is not a conservative v. liberal idea . 
  these human rights are above political differences . 
  and are you saying russia 's values , and bulgaria 's values , are the same as those in uganda ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  you are posting as if human rights are subjective . 
  what if someone threatened to execute your children for no good reason . 
  after all , for the executioner of your children , it 's `` their view of things '' and you are not the `` one and only mediator of things '' . 
  they can go ahead and do it . 
  who are you to stop them ? 
  ( in chechnya ( which is part of russia ) , the government actually told parents to kill their gay children , so this is not an idle example . ), 
  you edited your comment . 
  it did n't originally include the comment about `` civilizing mission '' . 
  no one is out to culturally colonise russia . 
  but russia presumably already wants to respect human , universal values and to be part of the civilized world . 
  if it did n't , it would n't participate in the olympics . 
  and there are 7.5 million lgbt russians who demand the right to love who they want .
