  of course , denmark could raise its defence spending from 1.2 % to 2.0 % . 
  it would n't `` break '' anything . 
  the article is garbage , really . 
  i do n't think we truly know what trump or edrogan will do . 
  they are loose cannons on the nato deck . 
  europe has to immediately strengthen its army . 
  it 's stupid to show weakness to the russians . 
  i hate to admit that this is the case , but is it not in europe 's best interest to let the world know that migrants will not be rescued ? 
  that trying to cross means certain death ? 
  is n't rescuing these people just part of our suicide process ? 
  i am wondering ( somewhat to my own shock ) whether i could vote against a party that has `` no rescue '' as a platform . 
  can we make / r/europe a trump free zone ? 
  is n't this more american news ? 
  can we not agree to keep this buffoon out of / r/europe ? 
  he makes my skin crawl . 
  agony and ecstasy . 
  or maybe literally on ecstasy, 
  the monkey christ -- now that is a saviour i can identify with . 
  vodka always feels good , tbh, 
  russia , leave the baltics alone !, 
  europe will kick your ass . 
  those wacky russians . 
  i like the videos of them jumping off buildings and crashing on the motorway, 
  at the end , this crazy fucker gets frostbite and all 20 digits have to be amputated . 
  i do think the small jewish community in sweden has reasons to be concerned . 
  the article convinced me . 
  it 's apparently an independent , neutral israeli newspaper . 
  are you saying that , in your view , no israeli newspaper can report accurately and neutrally on anti-semitism issues ? 
  if you are , i disagree . 
  here we have such a newspaper reporting on the fear of the jewish community in sweden . 
  what independent source do you expect such news to come from ? 
  the united nations ? 
  the swedish government ? 
  a neutral swedish newspaper ? 
  i 've read the torah actually . 
  i did n't see anything in there that would make jews more hateable than the christians or the muslims . 
  all these ancient monotheist sky-god religions are evil really . 
  jews change religion and give up religion all the time . 
  but it does n't really stop people from persecuting them . 
  thanks for the conversation . 
  it 's been interesting talking to you . 
  the times of israel claims , in fact , to be a neutral israeli newspaper . 
  i do n't know whether it 's biased , but i have no reason to think it is . 
  i personally think islamism is a huge problem . 
  islam itself makes me uncomfortable and i hope the muslims in europe give up their religion . 
  but i am also not comfortable with persecuting them . 
  the best solution is integration . 
  and we have to figure out a way to stop them coming in . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  do you mean that it should n't be a concern for the swedish government and people that jews are persecuted and living in fear ? 
  do you believe the news reported in this story or do you not ? 
  do you believe the news story or do you not ? 
  cut the weird shit , mate . 
  you see nothing . 
  i agree with you to the extent that a british newspaper would have a british bias , a german newspaper a german bias , and so on . 
  but to refuse to believe a story just because it came from an israeli newspaper ( no matter how neutral , no matter how professional ) is just closed-minded . 
  an israeli newspaper will report a story like this because who else would be interested in the fate of sweden 's 15,000 jews ? 
  the swede themselves are not interested . 
  they have other fish to fry , and i think it 's not politically correct in sweden right now to even acknowledge the existence of swedish jews . 
  i 'm sorry this happened to your peoples . 
  i love croatia and wish only the best for them . 
  the animosity between the croats and the serbs is an open sore that will take generations to heal . 
  you mean unsafe for the survivors of the holocaust today in europe . 
  the ones who grandparents were murdered . 
  of course , that whole community must have a terrible sense of insecurity . 
  they numbered in the millions in europe , and were an instrumental part of european civilization . 
  they had communities in every major city in europe . 
  and now they face an influx of massive numbers of anti-semitic muslims , on the basis of a liberal policy that ( ironically ) is rooted in the world 's reaction to the horrors of the holocaust . 
  i told you already that it is an israeli newspaper that is presumably pro-israel and pro-jewish , and reports positively on those things . 
  i 've already said that . 
  but that does n't mean it 's biased or religiously oriented . 
  if jews or israel do something wrong , it will report on that too -- hopefully !, 
  i 'm sure it has in the past . 
  i 'm not israeli or jewish , so i 'm not sure whether this paper is tinged left or right in the minds of those people . 
  i 'm just saying that you should n't discount a credible media story out of hand like that . 
  yes , we have islamophobia now too . 
  i see that as different than anti-semitism , but it is still a problem . 
  but the persecution of jewish people is something ancient , something spectacular , something very deeply rooted in europe . 
  if you google it , you 'll see the full extent of how horrific it was . 
  genocide , discrimination , deportation . 
  of course , because of the holocaust , people do n't express anti-semitic views in public much now -- unless they 're anonymous -- but it is still alive . 
  look , if your entire family was killed by a butcher 20 years ago , but you survived , do n't you think this would still be relevant to your minor family issues today ? 
  your relationship with your girlfriend , with your children , with your employer . 
  your whole life , your view of everything , would be affected by this horror that took place 20 years ago . 
  it would be passed on to your children , and their children . 
  it would take a few generations for the pain to die out . 
  and to some extent it would never die out , because it would be in your family tree for anyone to see for the rest of history : this family was almost wiped out in 1996 . 
  shits are given . 
  i agree with you if you amend it to this :  i 'm saying that the times of israel has an editorial stance that is pro-israel and to advocate for jewish interests . 
  that editorial stance gives the publication a bias , in the same way that the telegraph has a british ~ ~ conservative ~ ~ bias , or in-nazzjon has a bias to ~ ~ the right of ~ ~ maltese politics , or la stampa has an italian ~ ~ liberal ~ ~ bias . 
  there is no indication that this particular newspaper is right or left . 
  it is possible for an israeli newspaper to be neutral , just as it is possible for such a newspaper to be neutral in your country . 
  it is possible for a newspaper to have a neutral stance . 
   holocaust is no longer relevant . 
  oh it is very much relevant . 
  you do n't understand the world around you if you believe this . 
  there is nothing in this article that is not credible . 
  why would you doubt it ? 
  here is an [ entire wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_norway ) on norwegian anti-semitism . 
  you 're a young man brought up in a fairly liberal home in a fairly liberal country without a lot jews .
