  you do n't know any jews . 
  i can imagine you have n't heard a lot of anti-semitism . 
  i believe you . 
  you 're losing me . 
  you 're comparing a neutral newspaper in israel with news sources called `` muslim press '' and `` christian post '' ? 
  would you compare a german neutral newspaper with these sources ? 
  or a british one ? 
  i do n't see the point of this ridiculous comparison . 
  you would have to find an israeli newspaper with an overtly religious mandate to make this comparison valid . 
  israel is like germany or the us or the uk . 
  it has a number of different kinds of press , good and bad . 
  its good press is as good as anything europe or the us produces . 
  certainly more knowledgeable about jewish and israeli affairs , i would say . 
  you have made one point : not all muslim press is the same . 
  i should n't have given that impression . 
  if i did , i was wrong . 
  but what you are not acknowledging is that the billion muslims in the world are reading a constant barrage of anti-semitism and anti-israelism in their news . 
  jews outside israel do live unsafe lives , especially outside north america . 
  israel is needed . 
  google `` holocaust '' and `` anti-semitism '' . 
  the muslim press spews out an ongoing barrage of anti-semitic commentary , often including holocaust denial and calls for the destruction of israel . 
  do you see the jewish or israeli press doing this ? 
  you just ca n't compare the situations . 
  yes , the israeli press are focusing on the jewish and israeli situations , but it does n't mean they 're lying about it . 
  they 're not phony news sites , like the ones you see on facebook . 
  israel ( for all its faults ) is a democratic society with a free press . 
  yes , you have left and right , sensationalist and more credible news sources . 
  the times of israel is ostensibly neutral , as indicated on its wikipedia page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_times_of_israel#editorial_orientation christian press ? 
  i 'm not sure what this means . 
  that concept does n't work with jews . 
  the persecution and hatred are so deeply embedded in european society that it does n't matter what they actually believe . 
  they are treated like a race , a despised race . 
  omfg, 
   i doubt anti-semitism is a big problem in scandinavia now in 2016 ... ? 
  and yet here you 've just read an article telling you that it is . 
  i understand that we ca n't trust the media anymore , but are your eyes and ears open at all ? 
  well , you mean in the sense that it is against anti-semitism ? 
  is that considered biased now ? 
  oh please ... 
  if so , not in the same way as the english-speaking countries . 
  but i said it because the * standard is too vague * . 
  your mother-in-law can say and understand the english words `` hello '' and `` goodbye '' . 
  * that already meets this vague standard . 
  * i was not trying to say that everyone in the world knows english !, 
  i was commenting on the previous poster , who was trying to tell me ( just out of the air ) what he thought the standard was . 
  * he really did n't know !, 
  no one knows !, 
  * and yet we 're making all these scientific-sounding grand statements about language . 
  so many vague , meaningless statements being thrown about . 
  i thought i had explained this to you , and yet you still misunderstood enough to make this final post . 
  i really do not see why my statement would push so many buttons like this . 
  it 's like people are furious with me for not understanding that people do n't speak english . 
  i get it !, 
  people do n't speak english !, 
  i go through life , travelling to exotic places , delighted by the fact that i can communicate with them because we share this lingua franca . 
  but some of you are upset by this . 
  what do n't you understand , my child ? 
  i deleted the post that started this debate but i still do n't know why it got so misunderstood . 
  of course , i was n't saying that everyone speaks english . 
  i was saying that if `` speaking and understanding '' was the standard , then everyone would be an `` english speaker '' . 
  my point is that this is such a vague standard that you could apply it to anyone who can speak or understand english at any level . 
  and all these grand statements about language are just utter nonsense . 
  yes , of course it 's all bullshit . 
  my point was that it was bullshit to say that `` 90 % of the netherlands are english speakers . '', 
  i also think it 's bullshit to say that `` 3 % of chileans can hold a conversation in english '' . 
  of what relevance is this ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  it anthropomorphizes a country , and makes something very complex seem very simple . 
  if i go to chile and meet only people who deal with me in english , i can just say `` 100 % of chileans can hold a conversation in english '' . 
  that 's also absurd . 
  if a chilean can take my order , or give me a hotel room , or clean my room , or drive the train i take , or sell me tomoatoes , and so on , then are they not functioning perfectly well ? 
  what do you mean by `` hold a conversation '' . 
  everyone keeps using that expression . 
  what on earth does it mean exactly ? 
  somehow this vague phrase seems to have become the standard for judging people 's english skills . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  and so what if i am overestimating the level of english in the world ? 
  why does that start a lynch mob ? 
  english is the world 's lingua franca . 
  everyone is studying it . 
  does that upset you ? 
  i 'd be interested in hearing what mr lopaz thinks about german ( and european ) lack of political correctness . 
  this would be a huge difference between where he lives now and where he was born . 
  the standard is not in the source . 
  i looked . 
  go ahead and downvote me . 
  hopefully you 'll outgrow this behavior when you get older . 
  you 've linked me to a private language company 's online test . 
  they say this is just as good as the ielts and toefl systems . 
  are you telling me that this language company has conducted comprehensive language testing of massive numbers of people in every country in the world , and from this they 've developed accurate conclusions about that country 's language skills ? 
  even if i accept this as being the basis of the map , and even if i accept that it 's credible , just how useful is it to make language-related conclusions about entire countries . 
  the entire exercise is fucked . 
  how accurate and useful is it to say `` the dutch are now better than the danes '' ??? 
  page 5 of what ? 
  the website does n't have numbered pages . 
  i simply * do n't agree * with what you 're saying . 
  you 're downvoting me because i do n't agree with you . 
  your downvoting is pissing me off . 
  i hate posters like you . 
  i 'm downvoting you in return .
