  i 'm sure the process is in already place for those who are suspected of committing war crimes or being members of terrorist organisations . 
   should n't it be much harder to smuggle people into turkey now ? 
  good point . 
  syrians ca n't leave syria anymore . 
  isis ca n't either . 
  i 'm sure intelligence forces are monitoring every flight leaving that region . 
  hopefully they will each be blasted to smithereens or incarcerated forever in a filthy iraqi or kurdish prison . 
  my god ... 
  very interesting . 
  loved the [ `` clash defiant '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keqwnxwdlsk ) music . 
  what a stunning country italy is . 
  so beautiful . 
  there is [ often ] ( http://www.rtm-xl.nl/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/dynamische-stadsstraat.jpg ) a bike lane between the car and the traffic . 
  the door opens onto a bike lane . 
  sometimes the issue is cars coming , but usually it 's whether there is a bike moving along a line of parked cars . 
  and car drivers all bike themselves so they understand that the people on bikes are vulnerable in traffic , and sometimes [ very vulnerable ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/31/e9/54/31e954d167fd557a93721ae314d4a24a.jpg ) , so they require constant mindfulness . 
  i think it 's hard for americans and others to imagine , but in dutch traffic the bicycle has primacy almost everywhere . 
  the country would be unable to function without bicycles . 
  you see that whenever there is inclement weather . 
  if people do n't bike , the traffic slows down significantly as the cyclists find alternative modes . 
  sure fast traffic keeps left . 
  but what americans do is pass on the right . 
  that always freaks me out . 
  that is not allowed in europe, 
   like 30 years from now , i would n't be surprised if kids are going to concerts to dance while some guy on stage bashes a giant gong for an hour . 
  hehe, 
  ok , i get it !, 
  haha it 's actually very funny . 
  you have to be so careful . 
  i 've almost killed a few people . 
  usage 3 [ here ] ( http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/definition/english/however?q=however ), 
  bbc 's [ explanation ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-23587916 ) everyone rides bikes because ( 1 ) the infrastructure is there to safely allow it ; ( 2 ) parking is not at all easy in the downtown core of most cities ; ( 3 ) the bicycles are not built like american bikes in that they are comfortable and sturdy ; ( 4 ) the cities are relatively compact , and people do n't live so far from where they want to go ; ( 5 ) cars are extremely expensive in every way , even in ways you can not imagine ; ( 6 ) the weather is not so horrendous in the winter ; ( 7 ) it 's deeply embedded in the culture as an individual virtue , a social norm and a public good . 
  ok , got it . 
  did n't realise that this was being taught . 
  except dutch people do n't automatically open the door with their right hand . 
  maybe some do . 
  and it 's not a bad idea . 
  yes , many bicycles ... 
  there are n't many cars in the city centres , but this happens everywhere . 
  i do n't know anyone who opens a door with his right hand . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  i 'll start paying attention to that now though . 
  opening the car door with your right hand is not `` the cultural norm in the netherlands '' , as claimed in the video . 
  looking out for a bike coming is a norm , however . 
  and do n't think dooring does n't happen in the netherlands at all . 
  it most certainly [ does ] ( http://www.juridischbureauletselschade.nl/ongeval-door-openslaande-autodeur/ ) . 
  i remember once listening to music while high on weed . 
  ( one of the few times . ), 
  this was in a club in amsterdam . 
  i think i understand the drug-altered experience you 're talking about . 
  it had a powerful effect on my enjoyment of the music . 
  i 've listened to all the linked electronic music in this thread , but it just does n't appeal to me . 
  it does n't move me at all . 
  i ca n't sing along to it . 
  i do n't particularly want to dance to it . 
  i guess what astonishes me is that this is a $ 7 billion dollar industry . 
  and yet it 's built on something i have absolutely no connection to and no interest in . 
  and something * i just do n't get * . 
  it 's humbling . 
  why are europeans in particular into this kind of music ? 
  good question for / r/europe . 
  others here have explained it well already though . 
  thanks for that explanation . 
  i used to really like early electronic music , like kraftwerk . 
  but this does n't seem anything like that . 
  first of all , it goes on for so long and , as you say , it 's so repetitive . 
  much of it just sounds like thumping to me . 
  much of it has a disco beat , which immediately turns me off . 
  i guess what i 'm missing is the dance aspect and the drug aspect . 
  and the youth aspect ;-) dancing to me is something you do with a partner . 
  you ca n't do it for hours . 
  at these electronic dance festivals it 's not so much dancing with your partner during a good song , as moving rhythmically on your own for hours . 
  i do n't see that as dancing . 
  it 's just moving . 
  thanks for those links !, 
  thanks for linking that . 
  very interesting . 
  it just does n't appeal to me , i guess . 
  i ca n't see why it is so popular . 
  i 've been to a few large parties like that ( with a few thousand people ) , but i hated it . 
   this kind of music is very popular in europe , not so much elsewhere why ? 
  link me to a song in this genre that 40,000 people would all love ... and wait . 
  40,000 people ? 
  seriously ? 
  these parties have that many people ? 
   the global electronic-music industry is now worth $ 7.1 billion astonishing . 
  i know literally nothing about this subculture . 
  i really do n't know what a dj does to make so much money . 
  he just plays one song after the other using a computer , right ? 
  i have never been to a rave . 
  even when i was younger i never went to one . 
  i hate crowds . 
  i do n't do drugs . 
  i do n't see the point , the enjoyment , of dancing for hours to music that sounds like thumping . 
  it seems exhausting . 
  i hate the music . 
  there 's no melody . 
  no lyrics . 
  no emotion . 
  the thought of listening for longer than ten minutes to thumping music makes me anxious .
