  i 'm sorry but i do n't see what downside a properly negotiated trade deal between two equal partners could possibly have . 
  that 's not simplistic . 
  but i am beginning to think that you just hate the idea . 
  that 's fine . 
  feel free to explain why if you can . 
  the report says this :  the analysis finds that the ceta will lead to overall gains in welfare , real gdp , total exports and real wages in both canada and the eu over the long-term . 
  while these gains are expected under the four scenarios modelled in the economic assessment , the gains are expected to be higher under an agreement that offers the highest degree of tariff and services liberalisation . 
  so how do we disagree exactly ? 
  are you saying the eu should n't enter into deals that have only a minor impact ? 
  surprisingly it says that the eu 's daily industry will be positively impacted . 
  why are you against free trade ? 
  what is your opposition to this deal ? 
  i do n't understand it . 
  there are only benefits . 
  it 's like building a house or starting a family or doing business . 
  no one loses . 
  you 're getting too ad hominem here , but i 'll play along . 
  i believe in free trade . 
  it 's outrageous to me that a bunch of walloon idiots were able to torpedo this deal . 
  you do understand that every government in europe wanted this deal . 
  this incident has really brought home to me for the first time that the eu is indeed fundamentally fucked up . 
  i was against brexit , but now i think the british were right to get out . 
  * we can never do another trade deal . 
  * europe ca n't exist like that . 
  we need to be able to do trade deals . 
  but why not ? 
  trade deals are good . 
  it 's like opposing good health or sunshine . 
  i think i agree . 
  why would they have to `` push it through '' ? 
  everyone should support this deal . 
  this argument is not the point . 
  you 're just against trade deals as a matter of principle , i think . 
  you do n't see them as beneficial . 
  i really do n't understand why . 
  you 're raising various arguments , but what i would like to know is why do you not see something that is obvious to me , i.e. 
  that international trade deals are very much a good thing . 
  our goal as a species is to eliminate barriers and become more united and more prosperous . 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  why would this deal be so wrong for europe ? 
  yes , but this system allows the tail to wag the dog . 
  it is the eu 's system that is at fault because europe will always have national and regional politicians who desperately want to push their own agendas . 
  i think the uk was right to get out . 
  i 'm assuming your figures are prejudiced and inaccurate because of the extreme prejudice of the left to any trade deals . 
  i do n't trust any of your statistics , and i feel you would lie and put forward false statistics to advance your position . 
  unfortunately , i do n't have the time to dig up english-language statistics that i trust more . 
  this is what we 've come down to , i suppose . 
  blame the internet . 
  ok , i realise now that you 're quoting reports prepared in an anti-ceta context . 
  that 's fine . 
  in my other post , i explained that this still amounts to billions of euros . 
  my question is this : if ceta was going to have such a minor effect , then why are the left treating it as if it 's some kind of bad treaty ? 
  even if i accept that the benefits would have been insignificant , the question then is : why bother opposing it then ? 
  apparently austria came to that very conclusion . 
  austria supported ceta . 
  assuming these figures are valid ... 
  the gdp of europe is $ 16.27 trillion . 
  0.02 % of this is about $ 3.3 billion . 
  you understand that the eu 's economy is not doing well . 
  this amount of extra money would be useful . 
  of course , we would prefer better trade deals with bigger countries . 
  but you 're saying this is insignificant . 
  it 's not . 
  this is the kind of shameless lying that donald trump does . 
  the figure i heard was $ 16 billion but i do n't have time to figure out why your figures differ from this . 
  canada has incredible mineral resources and other natural resources . 
  how would it have hurt us to have better access to that ? 
  the average eu citizen would have gained things . 
  you 're only saying this because you 're unable to imagine that you would have any dealings with canada . 
  romanians would have been able to travel to canada without a visa . 
  just one example . 
  it would have made it possible for qualifications and diplomas from europe to be recognized by canada , something that is quite difficult to do now . 
  you would be able to relocate to canada ( perhaps with a european company doing business there ) and have your degree easily and satisfactorily recognized . 
  you said this :  the wallon government supported their own workers and producers over foreign ones the eu was designed to get around this , to break through our parochialism, 
  this is just a lie . 
  are you sure you 're not donald trump ? 
  at least provide a link . 
  yeah , like what , a new trade deal ? 
  wallonia wo n't allow it . 
  oh ffs , this is just a trump-like lie . 
  a false statement you pulled out of the air . 
  you just made this up to support your already-formed views . 
  read [ this ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/february/tradoc_154331.pdf ) . 
   that 's for everyone else to decide ... they surely can decide their own fate . 
  let 's break up the eu !!, 
  let 's go back to verdun and auschwitz !, 
  not a very helpful approach . 
  drink expensive walloon milk !, 
  ( you do n't have much choice anyway ), 
  you 're not in favour of the eu at all , are you ? 
  you prefer the old system , with rival nations , a system where everyone sat on his pot of gold , and principalities and duchies slaughtered each other . 
  what we 're trying to do here is to create a united world where economies flourish and there is no poverty . 
  where is your leftist idealism ? 
  http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/february/tradoc_154331.pdf but surely this does n't really matter . 
  the deal was rejected for ideological reasons that have nothing to do with reality . 
  well , why keep the eu then ? 
  it 's clearly not working . 
  the eu ca n't even enter into a trade deal . 
  it 's time to end this charade . 
  and is the will of the people now to be how we decide things ?
