  fuck them . 
  if there is an anti-brexit movement , i 'll support it . 
  but i do n't see one . 
  ok , i 'll change my numbers . 
  that article is so sad . 
  it seems that many british people do n't really know what brexit is and what it will mean . 
  many of them apparently think it will lead to money flowing towards themselves or their town . 
   locals on the seaside promenade [ of great yarmouth ] told sky news they were happy with the result : they hope brexit might bring some benefits for their seaside town ravaged by decades of neglect . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  so desperate . 
  no , it 's not a country , but that 's not relevant to my points . 
  you act like the only allegiance is to a country . 
  with an even more arrogant insula, 
  i think the point is that the person organizing the referendum ( cameron ) did n't want the vote to pass . 
  he should at least have attempted to introduce a supermajority or qualified majority system of some kind . 
  or there are other things he could have done . 
  he could have said that all four nations had to vote in favour . 
  or he could have said that such a momentous decision could only be taken if 80 % of the population voted . 
  it 's too late now . 
  the problem is that now about 35 % of the country is deeply regretting a decision that is still approved of by only around 50 % . 
  this is the answer of a british person , of someone who does n't feel european , of someone who was n't really into the eu . 
  i thought the netherlands had just napoleonic law ? 
  same as belgium and france , really . 
  your comments indicate that you think there is a difference between a country and its people . 
  is this a british thing ? 
  i do n't think all europeans see it that way . 
  if the netherlands is attacked , i respect someone 's right to do it , but it feels personal . 
  if a briton writes negatively about the eu , it feels personal ( to me , at least ) . 
  maybe this is why the british had to get out ? 
  they were just never really into it . 
  they never felt european . 
  you 're right they can refuse to stay in any hotel they want, 
  no , david , you were n't . 
  or you should first have introduced a law requiring a supermajority, 
  trump will invoice you though, 
  not the leader , but a high level person nonetheless ( halbe zijlstra ) . 
  he 's not the only one . 
  there are others issuing warnings too . 
  reforms seem to be necessary . 
  if it fails , it will have been a noble effort . 
  whatever replaces it will be even better . 
  europe is a thriving , well governed , wealthy amazing place to live . 
  but again , saying that something has `` failed '' is different than saying it 's a `` disaster '' . 
  what is this schadenfreude amongst english speakers to see negativity in everything related to europe ? 
  it can only be jealousy : a federated europe will eventually sort everything out and be a suitable competitor to the us . 
  the idea is for the euro to be accepted by every country in europe eventually . 
  the rules are in place . 
  the problem is that the rules were not followed , that 's all . 
  a few countries borrowed massively and have problems with fiscal responsibility . 
  they are aware of the problem and are looking after it . 
  the banks should be able to keep their heads above water . 
  the ecb has more power . 
  things will be sorted out eventually . 
  if france and germany do n't go populist , you can except the euro to soar . 
  it was a good idea and still is . 
  it 's having a few problems , mostly because of the debt taken on by greece and maybe italy and portugal . 
  perhaps some reforms are needed , but it has n't `` failed '' ffs . 
  if things get too bad , greece can be ejected and then everyone will love the euro again . 
  that 's different than saying it 's a `` disaster '', 
  you should post accurate comments about the euro and the eu . 
  does montenegro even want to be part of nato ? 
  not sensitive . 
  sick to death of the constant negativity in the english-language media . 
  acting as if the eu is already doomed . 
  these attacks constitute more than just the usual sensationalism and cultural sneering . 
  it 's jealousy . 
  europe has a better quality of life , a sense of balance , a safety net , money , a dynamic economy , the ability and willingness to deal with its problems , proper leadership , a combination of strong identity and diversity , secularism , liberalism , freedom and democracy . 
  countries and people are eager to be part of the eu . 
  that is n't happening in the uk and the us . 
  great article . 
  my favourite line :  of course , this possibility still can not be dismissed , which is why international investors remain cautious about europe . 
  but if the populist victories that worry investors do not in fact happen , a surge of business and consumer confidence will send waves of investment flowing into the eurozone . 
  it is so fucking annoying how the english-speaking media keep issuing these attacks on the eu . 
  the eu has not been `` ruined '' . 
  articles extolling the virtues and successes of the eu could also be written once in a while too , you know . 
  the eu is a magnificent project . 
  europe is interesting and diverse , rich and yet committed to liberalism and social justice . 
  it 's just jealousy from what i can see . 
  the wretched anglo-american model is failing . 
  it 's the british and the americans who have , over at least the last century , fucked up their stewardship of the middle east and the financial world order . 
  they are responsible for the mess we 're in now . 
  the uk looks set to fall apart . 
  the us is slipping into fascism . 
  if we 're going to discuss `` ruined '' federations , let 's take a look at the uk and the us . 
  let 's write about that once in a while . 
  not really . 
  no role in government . 
   the problems of rising russian oligarchy were well known that at the time . 
  they were ? 
  why was it allowed then ? 
  i 'd like to know exactly how and why russian `` oligarchs '' came into existence in the period from 1990 to 1995 . 
  russian would be a very different place if the transfer of control of oil and other natural resources had proceeded properly . 
  yes . 
  now return to your caves , trolls . 
  this is not your time . 
  take your uk propaganda outta here, 
  not from the british . 
  you voted to leave the eu . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  link me to one pro-european story in the guardian .
