  i 'm sorry but i 'm embarrassed when i see that the netherlands is reported as having 90 % english speakers . 
  something is not right there . 
  how do they define `` speaking english '' ? 
  what happened that made the dutch better than the danes all of a sudden ? 
  there are about 120,000 to 150,000 people whose mother tongue is english in the netherlands . 
  about 0.75 %, 
  why does n't stefan rummens have a wikipedia page ? 
  i hate to say this , but i do n't want to comment on prof rummens 's views unless i know what his political leanings are . 
  sad , but that 's where we are now . 
  i have no idea whether he 's an extremist of some kind . 
  if he 's a centrist , i 'd like to know whether he leans to the left or right . 
  i suppose `` political philosophy '' is `` political science '' ? 
  so it 's come to this :  we ca n't protect you if you insist on maintaining views that some people do n't like . 
  it 's interesting how posters struggle with the nyt 's use of the phrase `` liberal west '', 
  i get it . 
  most of the gays i know are strong as fuck . 
  just saying . 
  the dutch wording was * op uw gemak '' , which is probably best translated as `` at ease '' . 
  am i write in thinking that there is a big difference between `` feel comfortable '' and `` feel at ease '' . 
  `` comfortable '' implies sitting in your armchair totally relaxed ; `` at ease '' implies `` not disturbed '' . 
  you mean `` upvote or downvote '', 
  i 'm with you : that index was bullshit . 
  this map explains a lot about my neighbourhood in the netherlands, 
  i 'll repeat : france , germany , the uk and benelux are filled with muslims and asians . 
  surely , they did n't ask asians and muslims about asians and muslims ? 
  if they did , would n't most of them have stopped the poll immediately and told the interviewer to fuck off ? 
  same with left-leaning people . 
  which means the people who continued with the poll to the end were right-wing whites . 
  but even if muslims and asians did participant fully in the poll , would n't the answers be skewed by the fact that they were being asked about their own ethnic group in western countries but in eastern countries they were n't ? 
  how could this have been conducted properly ? 
  and what is a `` muslim '' ? 
  to me , a muslim is someone who adheres to the muslim faith . 
  i know many people who come from a muslim background , but i know very few who are actually muslim . 
  did this poll define `` muslim '' properly ? 
  and what is an asian ? 
  in the us , it means an oriental . 
  in the uk , it means someone from the indian subcontinent . 
  did the people who gave and took this poll understand the different concepts surrounding these words ? 
  i guess they looked long and hard to find participants who were themselves not black , asian , muslim or jewish . 
  and what is an `` asian '' ? 
  a muslim ? 
  it 's really not clear at all . 
  this looks like a proper poll , but it 's just junk . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  the countries at the top ( in light yellow ) are all left-leaning social democracies , i.e. 
  germanic european countries , ireland and new zealand . 
  the major english-speaking countries are one level below them ( dark yellow ) . 
  there is some truth to this . 
  no matter how much they may complain internally ( and in dutch ) , the dutch find it very difficult to see their country criticised internationally in english . 
  they literally see their country as at the apex of human civilisation . 
  they are also downvoting queens . 
  i just disagree . 
  yes , this is right . 
  finally ... 
  i 've looked at some of the country explanations , but i still do n't understand why the english-speaking countries ( which have a relatively free-wheeling dynamic press ) rate lower than countries like austria , belgium , netherlands , norway , etc. 
  how could new zealand be in the same category as the us ?? 
  sorry , i think this index is almost certainly political bullshit . 
  i 'll change my mind when an expert explains it . 
  you didnt answer my question, 
  ok austria too, 
  explain how this is decided . 
  why are the english-speaking countries lower than the germanic countries ? 
  i see any ex-communist country as being eastern europe . 
  to me , central europe is just germany . 
  you mean ... you * ignored * their pop-up ? 
  as if it were meaningless and meant only to annoy those who use ad-blockers ? 
  ok , i deleted my request then . 
  lolol this is so funny, 
  i nominate germany or spain . 
  please do n't post anything by the telegraph . 
  it does n't allow ad-blocker users into it 's site . 
  that 's just not true . 
  there was a point ( about 20 years ago ) when amsterdam was getting embarrassed because it did n't have a pride and every other city seemed to have one . 
  i actually specifically remember people ( dutch gays ) saying things like , `` we do n't need a pride parade because we have won our rights and pride is unnecessary . '', 
  it 's a nice pride , but i do n't like how straight it is . 
  lgbt people are almost in a minority there . 
  it 's almost like amsterdam celebrating itself rather than the lgbt community celebrating . 
  it 's beautifully sung . 
  it 's not horrible . 
  a french drama queen, 
  [ them as a young couple ] ( http://multimedia.pol.dk/archive/00353/margrethe_353447a.jpg ), 
  ignore -- there is not a single mistake in your title or comments, 
  racist, 
  in english : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpqgcvtysdk, 
  read my lips : it 's not `` bigotry '' to point out that certain groups are engaging in systemic racism . 
  obvious example : black people point out that all white people are racist . 
   the person who attacked those bigoted attitudes in this post is eastern european . 
  yeah , he or she is the very rare exception . 
   the upvotes/downvotes are quite unlikely to be majority eastern , because of reddit demographics . 
  this is nonsense . 
  i disagree with this completely . 
   i have rather uncomplimentary opinions on the `` enlightenment '' of the people who frequent this sub ... any immigrant topic , they 'll be a hair-breath away from suggesting ethnic cleansing . 
  so we agree . 
  these posters are clearly eastern european . 
  did you not read the images that are posted at the top of this thread ? 
  what is your comment about that ? 
  what is your country ? 
  you do n't have a flair, 
  look , your argument seems to be with the hundreds of eastern europeans who come here to post populist , anti-muslim , anti-immigrant crap . 
  clearly , there is a huge problem .
