  but frankly i do n't see what 's wrong with the system . 
   the eu is a supranational entity and is distinct from the many nation states that make up europe . 
  no , the eu is constituted by the many nation states that make up europe . 
  it 's not distinct . 
  this is like saying that the united states is distinct from the 50 states . 
   the vote was specifically against the eu not europe . 
  the vote was based on lies . 
  who knows what people were voting on . 
  many people voted for racist motives . 
  the people of great yarmouth pathetically think their seaside town is going to be revived because of brexit . 
  so do n't tell me they `` voted against the eu '' . 
  many of them do n't know what the eu is . 
  how odd that some think there is a difference between the eu and `` europe or the nations making it up '' . 
  the eu is europe . 
  eventually all countries in europe will have to join it . 
  that right wing bullshit about regulations regarding crooked bananas and tomatoes was an attack on the european way of doing things . 
  the countries in europe believe in regulations . 
  that 's why the roads in europe are amazing , but in the uk they are a shambles . 
  central planning is how europe functions . 
   i wish for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the uk leaving is breaking it up . 
  do n't you see that ??? 
  it 's not just about the uk and what it wants . 
   i do n't feel a european identity and am not a supporter of the way the eu works . 
  you were unworthy members of the union . 
  i think most of us see now it was a mistake to even want the uk to be part of it . 
  de gaulle was right . 
  your values are not our values . 
  you have no vision for the future . 
   the uk was ultimately politically incompatible with the eu . 
  um , yeah , says about 52 % of your country . 
  the rest disagree with you completely . 
   and with it gone the eu can integrate much faster . 
  this i agree with . 
  sure , the eu has issues to resolve . 
  we 'll resolve them without you . 
  do n't think there wo n't be evil feelings towards the uk for a long time . 
  you ca n't just leave and except us not to kick the door shut after you . 
  you really do n't get it . 
  only older britons think of the eu as a trading block . 
  the young do n't think of it that way , and they wanted to stay . 
  any educated , well off briton under the age of 50 has grown used to easy travel , work and residence throughout the eu . 
  you 're american , i take it . 
  brexit feels like california leaving the usa . 
  it 's got that kind of feel to it . 
  the uk was a central , important part of the eu . 
  you do n't live in the eu , so i suspect you do n't understand what it is like . 
  it is not a nation , but it is much more than a trading block . 
  most of us in europe feel quite a sense of ownership , commitment and investment in the eu . 
  we have eu passports , eu money , an eu flag , etc. 
  we have spent decades now integrating as a continent . 
  for example , i can hop on a luxury high-speed train in one hour and be in the south of france by dinner . 
  you do n't perceive this because you 're in the us . 
  another example : there are 300,000 french citizens living in london . 
  you use the phrase `` eu enthusiast '' but would you also use the phrase `` us enthusiast '' ? 
  we 're just europeans . 
  it 's a fact of life here . 
  i have never met anyone ( well , anyone educated and middle class ) who has ever questioned the value of the eu . 
  there are no `` eu enthusiasts '' because every thinking person accepts it . 
  there are now people who want to leave the eu , but that hinges on one thing only : immigration . 
  these people are the minority , and they are generally considered retards . 
  the uk must be made to realise what it has lost by leaving the eu . 
  it will first have to extricate its way out of the eu . 
  after that painful process , then we can discuss the terms for a trade deal . 
  we do n't need them for defence or security . 
  they can set up their own system . 
  they were too close to the americans and the five eyes system anyway . 
  we need to set up something that better reflects our values . 
  we have relied on the americans and british for too long in that regard . 
  in recent decades we did it because they were willing to pay for it . 
  why do you care whether or not the eu achieves its goal ? 
  what do you have against the eu ? 
  no , but eventually they will be the same . 
  the ideal is for the entire continent to be unified . 
  yes , you wish for the breakup of the eu . 
  you voted for it . 
  so maybe it 's not so strange that some might be gratified if the uk breaks up too . 
  i do n't hate the uk , but i do think leaving the eu should be a painful process . 
  there are advantages to being part of the eu . 
  the eu is not something you should be able to easily join and leave . 
  it 's not a gym . 
  the eu is a union of countries seeking eventually to form a single great nation like the united states . 
  the point is to become something big enough to counterbalance , and compete against , the us and china . 
  i 'd prefer a world run by the eu , not one of those two countries . 
  well , let 's see how you react when scotland leaves the uk . 
  will you make the same argument ? 
  cross your fingers, 
  i 'm sorry , but i have been experiencing very strong feelings of anti-americanism because of trump . 
  i think it is disingenuous and hypocritical to separate a people from its institutions and government like that . 
  the americans voted in trump . 
  i 'll look at them again when they vote him out . 
  the eu was created by europeans . 
  it reflects continental ideas of top-down planning and administration . 
  there is grumbling , of course , and reforms are likely , but in general the people of europe accept this way of being governed . 
  it 's not that different from how nations like germany , france and the netherlands are governed . 
  this is why the trains in europe are so awesome and cheap , and the trains in the uk are so expensive and such a shambles . 
  the people of the eu want the eu the way it is . 
  this is what creates orderly societies that combine social justice with prosperity . 
  i have a hard time looking at the uk and separating the brexit decision from its people . 
  the majority of them want to leave ( at least half do ) .
