  however , i 'm going to go back and undownvote you . 
  i suspect you 're a teenager , and i do n't want to engage in a childish exchange with you . 
  in the future , do n't downvote every post you disagree with . 
  that 's against reddit rules , and it 's childish . 
  you linked the eurobarometer report , which was interesting . 
  however , it did n't talk about standards . 
  you seem to be missing my point that the standards are not clear . 
  how can you say that `` 96 % of the dutch people speak english '' ? 
  it 's absurd unless you know what the standard is . 
  surely you see that . 
  you suggested that the standard was b2 , but i simply do n't believe that . 
  i 'd need to see a link . 
  why do you keep downvoting my posts ? 
  can you not hold a conversation without downvoting ? 
  what have i said to piss you off ? 
  but why would i believe the language statistics of a privately owned language school ? 
  what credibility do they have ? 
  admittedly , it is a [ huge organization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_education_first ) . 
  i had no idea that enormous language companies like this even existed . 
  it must have made the swedish owners very rich . 
  exactly ... 
  i think the difference of opinion here is that you * like * these statistics . 
  they reflect your view of the truth apparently . 
  on the other hand , i see them as suspicious . 
  i do n't understand what happened to make the dutch better than the danes all of a sudden at speaking english . 
  and i do n't trust the statistic that `` 90 % of dutch people are english speakers '' . 
  i am dutch , and that strikes me as absurd . 
  on top of that , the entire exercise of grouping countries as single units for something like this strikes me as absurd . 
  it 's artificial to pretend that countries operate like units when it comes to something like this . 
   you asked for standards , i gave you the company who posted these statistics ' standards , no , you did n't . 
  i did n't see that in your post . 
  what standards are applied to be able to say that `` 90 % of the netherlands are english speakers '' . 
  and what changed to make the dutch better than the danes . 
   you asked for possible explanations , no , i did n't . 
  i do n't care about your explanations . 
  who are you ? 
   i gave you possible explanations based on concrete evidence based on what exactly gives people a certain level at a language . 
  the sole problem here is that you do not wish to hear it , you for some reason just want to hate and discard these statistics . 
  yes , because it 's coming from you . 
  i want to know the basis for the maps and lists . 
  i 'm assuming that middle school and high school have nothing to do with this . 
  where did you get that assumption ? 
  the `` examination procedures '' ??? 
  this has nothing to do with the school system . 
  i assume we 're talking about adults , not children . 
  i have to assume that people merely residing temporarily in the netherlands are * absolutely not * included . 
  most of the other non-dutch residents are in fact refugees and immigrants from third world countries . 
  my guess is that their levels are considerably lower . 
  let 's not exchange any more posts on this though . 
  the conversation is based on assumptions . 
  we need facts . 
  so 90 % of dutch people are at what level ? 
  and what level are the danes at ? 
  and what happened to make the dutch better than the danes all of a sudden ? 
   i 'd say that the standard would be between b2 and c1 . 
  are you saying 90 % of dutch people are at the b2 level ? 
  i 'd need to see a link . 
  given how good our education system is , i think that 90 % are probably at the a2 level . 
  i 'm dutch lmfao . 
  you 're pissing me off now lmfao . 
  it 's also absurd and unhelpful to treat an entire country as a single unit when it comes to language . 
  i think we 're all agreeing . 
  my point is this : what is the standard for these maps and lists ? 
  and of course if you go to rural areas you will find people who do n't speak a second language . 
  that 's true in the netherlands as well . 
  you say rural portugal has low skills but the map shows their skills as higher than that . 
  the map is unhelpful . 
  i simply do n't believe that the netherlands is all of a sudden better than denmark . 
  it 's an absurd conclusion to draw , and to report this as news is absurd . 
  you 're reflecting my point . 
  what is the standard ? 
  it depends on what kind of conversation , i guess . 
  it 's just wrong to think dutch people are 90 % english speakers . 
  that is true in the netherlands as well . 
  there are rural people here who speak english poorly . 
  what is the standard for these maps and lists ? 
  you say that everyone `` knows the basics '' . 
  that 's what i 'm saying too . 
  i know many dutch people who just know the basics yet they are apparently considered `` english speakers '' . 
  i just find it hard to believe 90 % of dutch people are considered english speakers . 
  what is the standard ? 
  i 'm speaking from experience . 
  no matter where you go in the world , you find people who can hold a basic conversation in english . 
  english is taught to everyone around the entire world . 
  if your standard for being an `` english speaker '' is able to `` speak and understand '' , no wonder the netherlands has 90 % . 
  sure , you come across some people occasionally who ca n't . 
  i had a problem communicating in st petersburg , for example . 
  i just do n't trust these maps and lists . 
  they do n't accord with my experience of english as an international lingua franca . 
  now that you mention it , in st petersburg communication in english was a problem . 
  i was quite surprised by that . 
  the truth is that i 'm very well travelled , including to places marked as `` low '' or `` very low '' . 
  i 've never found communication in english to be a problem at all . 
  but looking at the [ map ] ( http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dutch-pass-danes-to-become-worlds-best-english-speakers-601234775.html ) in the op , i just see some absurdities there . 
  how is mexico a `` low '' country ? 
  everyone i have ever met in mexico can hold a basic english conversation . 
  same for brazil , although there i did have to use an app a few times to be understood . 
  and , no , i did n't spend all my time in my flat in ipanema or the beach . 
  i was surprised at how good egyptians are when it comes to speaking english . 
  why is their country marked as `` low '' on this map ?
