  the media can surely inquire about the political leanings of a judge . 
  the media is the watchdog of democracy . 
  this is a judge who should receive the full wrath of the internet . 
  at the very least , there should be petitions like [ this one ] ( https://forcechange.com/15862/punish-judge-for-ridiculously-lenient-rape-sentence/ ) . 
  your comments almost seem like you think the german system is a good one . 
  a judge lets three brutal rapists go free , and you bleat on about obscure german rules . 
  no , imprisonment for debt is not a thing in common law . 
  failure to pay a fine could be , of course . 
  surely the correct approach here is to turn on the judge and examine his personal life , his public comments and his prior judicial decision-making . 
  this argument seems to be that countries should not be held accountable by supra-national tribunals or courts . 
  and yet the eu has this . 
  we have the ecj . 
  a company can sue a government in the ecj , just as it can in domestic courts . 
  the canadians would n't want a dispute referred to the ecj , of course , because it 's biased towards the eu . 
  just as the eu would n't want a bitter dispute to go before a canadian court . 
  i think the real problem here is that leftists do n't like the idea of corporations operating internationally , litigating against governments , playing a big role in the world . 
  they see corporations as evil . 
  once you get it in your head that corporations are evil , then of course you 're going to hate a deal that lets corporations do things more easily . 
  leftists are just opposing anything that is pro-business . 
  they do n't like a world where large international corporations have so much money and power . 
  they do n't like capital . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/trade-society/news/bigger-is-better-large-companies-good-for-the-economy-study-finds/ )  bigger corporations are more productive , they pay higher wages , enjoy higher profits , and are more successful in international markets , said the report by european firms in a global economy ( efige ) , an eu-funded project . 
  therefore , a country 's economic performance can be linked to its number of big corporations , says the survey , which was carried out under the supervision of brussels-based think tank bruegel . 
  you 're not the only one to raise this point . 
  what is transparent in government ? 
  very little really . 
  i can understand why the government would n't want hysterical leftists participating in the process . 
  these leftists are not democractially elected and they do not represent the people . 
  they are often agitators whose sole purpose is to derail things in a non-constructive way . 
  if someone is critical of a law , they are usually given an opportunity to address the lawmakers . 
  did that not happen in this case ? 
  or is the problem that they were indeed allowed to address this issue in committee , but then they did n't get their way ? 
  it does n't really matter anymore though . 
  it looks like the whole process is coming to an end . 
  we are apparently living with the reality that free trade deals can no longer ever be concluded . 
  i do n't know what effect that will have on our economy . 
  it makes me want to leave the eu . 
  this canadian [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9inpbs98cs#action=share ) was helpful in getting me to understand your position . 
  i was n't really aware that left-wing canadians were also against the deal . 
  the left are just against all free trade deals . 
  it boils down to left v. right politics . 
  my perspective is more money-oriented . 
  i want things to be cheaper and more efficient . 
  when it comes to the eu , i want it to be run effectively . 
  dramas like this are very harmful to the reputation of the eu , which i already see as teetering on the brink . 
  i 'm more sympathetic to your views now though . 
   isds overrules the judgments of european and canadian courts and governments . 
  does it ? 
  where did you get that ? 
  if you have a bilateral trade deal , do n't you need a way to resolve disputes that does n't involve one side or the other ? 
   ceta will replace the 8 existing bilateral investment agreements between individual eu member states and canada . 
  ceta has enabled the eu to introduce further guarantees to prevent abuse of investment protection rules and investor-state dispute settlement systems . 
   the commission has taken seriously the public 's concerns about investment . 
  the improved investor-to-state arbitration system will be based on clearer rules . 
  these include :  * a code of conduct  * government control over arbitrators  * fully transparent proceedings  with ceta , investors will not be able to challenge genuine regulatory action by states . 
  ceta will not affect the right of governments to regulate in the public interest . 
  great answer !, 
  is there a causal link between the eu and europe prosperity ?? 
  i do n't see that at all . 
  if anything , the eu is dragging things down . 
  i do see it to be a political entity . 
  ( not a social entity though . ), 
  i consider the eu to be not just a trading block , but also a supra-national organization dedicated to eliminating petty nationalism . 
  that 's another reason why this incident is so alarming : the fucking walloons ( or more accurately , their nutcase left-wing political hacks ) were able to defeat the collective action of the mighty eu . 
  this too makes me think the eu is no longer doing its job . 
  this pipsqueak region was able to shut everything down . 
  i suppose the problem is the deadline ( why ?? ), 
  and belgium 's peculiar ongoing existence ( ffs belgium , just break up already . ), 
  i am asking you this seriously : if the eu ( an international trading block ) can not conclude a trade deal with the outside world , why do we have it ? 
  what good is it serving ? 
  i suppose it 's good for lithuanians who want to work in england . 
  but why is it good for business ? 
  for improving our prosperity . 
  this failure to follow through on this treaty is a real wake-up call : the brexit people were right on some points at least . 
  we need to be able to trade freely with the world . 
  or are we going to sink further into economic decline ? 
   ceta will replace the 8 existing bilateral investment agreements between individual eu member states and canada . 
  ceta has enabled the eu to introduce further guarantees to prevent abuse of investment protection rules and investor-state dispute settlement systems . 
   the commission has taken seriously the public 's concerns about investment . 
  the improved investor-to-state arbitration system will be based on clearer rules . 
  these include :  * a code of conduct  * government control over arbitrators  * fully transparent proceedings  with ceta , investors will not be able to challenge genuine regulatory action by states . 
  ceta will not affect the right of governments to regulate in the public interest . 
  i really just want to fix the eu . 
  do you think that 's even a remote possibility ? 
  but how would the deal have harmed the interests of eu citizens ? 
  free trade is generally a good thing , like business in general or any commercial transaction . 
  no losers . 
  this is a good deal hammered out by two equal parties acting in good faith . 
  every national government involved supports it . 
  canada apparently made major concessions to appease every doubt raised by europe . 
  what is the problem exactly ? 
  ( and , if you answer , please avoid left-wing bullshit when you answer this . 
  i 'm willing to think along your lines , but i need a politically neutral , centrist , balanced and objective view . 
  i do n't think this deal would harm the environment or exploit the working class any more than is already happening . 
  i think corporations are a necessary aspect of a thriving economy . ), 
  explain the problem with isds , please . 
  companies can already take governments to court , arbitration or mediation . 
  how does this differ ? 
  i think this is an important point because it appears that the left are generally not happy with international free trading in general . 
  they are forever going to block these deals .
