  if anyone can link a song that might change my mind , feel free . 
  eli5 ... why is this so popular ? 
  wow . 
  so beautiful, 
  i have no idea . 
  perhaps he got an exemption ? 
  i was speaking hypothetically about after the hypothetical separation . 
  edit : wait ... is this a joke , perhaps ? 
  the irony is that the french love both macdonald 's and burger king . 
  um , quebec has rules about criminals visiting too . 
  you ca n't go there either . 
   destroying a mcdo is a net positive no canada for you !, 
  peacefully though ? 
  ok , you can stay, 
  yeah people like that do n't belong in europe anyway . 
  but of course king william was a dutchman ... 
  this poster likes him, 
  [ the 21st century ] ( https://static.standard.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2017/01/28/10/an114474390epa05755503-us-p.jpg ), 
  let 's hope northern ireland joins ireland soon . 
  or they 're going to have to put up a wall . 
  there are too many brits in this sub ... what is britain doing in gibraltar in the first place ? 
  it 's just fucking colonialism . 
  it 's the legacy of colonialism . 
  the uk had no right there being in the first place . 
  it 's a shitty little rock in a strategic place , and the brits hang on to it because that 's what they do . 
  cameron fucked it up . 
  they should never have voted . 
  now britain is forced into this unpopular process and they may struggle because of it . 
  no , the uk did not stand alone . 
  it had a lot of support already from the commonwealth and the us . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  i 'm not sure what the point is . 
  britons are referencing a wwii battle from 1940 to support its argument that it does n't need the eu ? 
  is that it ? 
  you 've left the eu because of the battle of britain ? 
  i do n't hate your country . 
  i am starting to hate you though . 
  beautiful map, 
  study [ this map ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/70233000/gif/_70233868_eunames.gif ) and get back to me . 
  literally everyone i know accepts the eu for what it is . 
  i never hear people slag it in public . 
  the eu may be having problems , but it is not the nightmare the british like to make it out to be . 
  it is a functioning , healthy , necessary , important institution . 
  this is europe 's chance at greatness . 
  if it fails , we will forever be pushed around by the russians , chinese and americans . 
  how is it unrealistic ? 
  it has been working well since the 1950s . 
  the continent is slowly integrating , the standard of living is improving , everything is going fine . 
  yes , reforms are necessary . 
  they will be made . 
  no , britain was in dire straits then . 
  great in spirit , but not in body . 
  the americans and the russians played no small role . 
  the whole purpose of the eu is to prevent another war like that . 
  it 's absurd that you referred to that as an example of british strength . 
  this point in time was a nadir in human civilization , the near destruction of britain and europe , the end of the british empire , a time of nationalism , fascism and genocide . 
  it was not a moment of greatness for anyone . 
  it 's from the ashes of this war that the eu arose . 
  what would have been fair is having a rule that the majority in all four countries had to vote in favour of the move . 
  in general , this was too important to leave to the whim of an ill-informed electorate . 
  it should never have gone to a referendum . 
  cameron will be known for the rest of history as the pm that ruined britain . 
  come back in five years and let 's see what you say then . 
  you have no idea what 's going to happen . 
  no , rupert murdoch is in charge of the negotiations . 
  your elderly and your ultra-conservatives have voted in brexit . 
  they 're trying to return to the , what , the 1910s ? 
  in the 1950s , it was still recovering from the war with american money . 
  when is the last time britain was great and not a broken mess ? 
   the uk is a sovereign country barf . 
  yeah , a sovereign nation of shopkeepers . 
  britain ca n't do it on its own . 
  no one can . 
   of course that would cause chaos the eu is anti-chaos . 
  the whole idea is to avoid chaos . 
  europe has had centuries of war and commercial conflict . 
  the eu has brought that to an end . 
  sure , britain can leave , but do n't be surprised if trade wars or worse start happening . 
  that 's what we 're trying to prevent . 
  we 've had 75 years of prosperity and peace . 
  the uk leaving is not helping ... 
  lol the multi-culti euro-cult ? 
  i understand what you 're saying ... i do . 
  but this unifying drive is what has helped to build prosperity . 
  if we unify things like commerce , retail , transport , education , military , government administration , etc. , it means that the different countries can efficiently do business with each other , work together on large projects , accept each other 's employees , communicate with each other , etc. 
  it allows large companies to fluorish and capital to be built up . 
  because what the poorer nations in the eu need is more capital . 
  the eu can transfer money to where it is needed . 
  this unification process is what creates a single economy that will be strong enough to compete against the chinese , the russians and the americans . 
  we do not want them to be able to push us around . 
  the eu member states are much stronger together . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union i was thinking pre-lisbon, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union i was thinking pre-lisbon screwing the uk would just be a side benefit . 
  hopefully we can do some harm to the city . 
  it would be nice if non-european corporations re-located to the continent . 
  because the eu has rules ? 
  why do so many posters here think that rules = ussr , or rules = nazi germany . 
  rules are rules . 
  they have to be followed , or it all turns to shit . 
  but you do agree that brexit is an opportunity for the eu to show that leaving is not a great idea .
