  except belgium supported the deal ( along with everyone else ) . 
  it 's only a few leftist nutcases in wallonia that blocked it . 
  they essentially do n't give a shit about trade or the economy . 
   you 're essentially acting as if the president 's government is n't going to to broadly follow him . 
  i do n't understand this sentence . 
  what does it mean ? 
   the president 's government is n't going to broadly follow him i 'm sorry , i just do n't understand this . 
  you post does n't even make sense . 
  do you expect an even more left-wing government to follow hollande 's ?? 
  maybe france , along with all the southern countries and the eastern countries , could leave the eu ? 
  it would help things out a lot . 
  exactly . 
  the eu is dead . 
  get rid of it . 
  it employs too many otherwise useless people as it is . 
  by the way , the federal government in brussels was democratically elected and the elected belgian mps in europe were democratically elected -- and they both support the deal . 
  so which belgian democracy are you referring to ? 
  that is irrelevant horseshit . 
  the french government supports the deal . 
  and , even if true , all it shows is that the french government was unable to convince its people of the benefits just as the british government was unable to convince the british of the benefits of the eu . 
  it seems that governments are unable to convince people of the benefits of things related to the eu . 
  maybe it 's time to get rid of the eu . 
  so , that 's it . 
  the eu is officially unable to conclude trade deals , even when every national government is in favour . 
  it 's ironic , because the eu started as a trade deal . 
  so now the rest of europe will lose the [ massive benefits ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/february/tradoc_154331.pdf ) of this deal because of a few thousand walloon dairy farmers and a handful of leftist politicians . 
  the system has utterly broken down . 
  the uk was right to leave . 
  it will be able to deal with whoever it wants . 
  your other post alerted me to the reality that the anti-globalization crowd are going to attack any trade deal . 
  facts do n't matter at all anymore . 
  everything is about politics and opinion now . 
  and the hard-core left do n't like free trade . 
  they are going to do whatever they can to derail it , no matter how good it is to the economy . 
  they do n't give a shit about the economy because they see it all as being controlled by corporations . 
  they essentially want the economy to be destroyed , so that a socialist utopia -- in which labourers become millionaires -- can arise out of the ashes . 
  my impression of canadian and american chicken and turkey was that there was more quantity . 
  try to buy a huge turkey in europe . 
  ( i know , i know ... europeans will say , why would anyone buy a huge turkey ? 
  first of all , it does n't even fit in our tiny oven . ), 
  who knows , maybe this free trade deal will introduce affordable low-fat turkey to europe . 
  does anyone in europe even buy canadian chicken ? 
  not at all . 
  why do you ask ? 
  trade is a good thing . 
  ceta will help both sides . 
  it 's a good deal, 
  canadian ultimatum : `` c'mon , you hosers , it 's been seven years , eh ? '', 
   i 'm sure that an ultimatum is just the thing to soften their hearts . . next they 'll be demanding that belgium 's trains run on time !, 
  what does hormone-filled chicken have to do with it ? 
  three minutes of googling shows that hormones are not used in canadian chicken . 
  i know . 
  why improve trade ? 
  that would be horrible . 
  it 's not 3 million people . 
  it 's the 12 leftist extremists who run the regional government . 
  i dislike ken loach movies . 
  he glorifies criminals . 
  those geniuses even figured out how to provide bluer water and greener trees !, 
  your tone is insulting and bitter . 
  i can understand why . 
  it 's not nice to have your country criticized like this . 
  however , if we 're going to discuss this issue , it 's absurd not to point out the underlying causes . 
  most of the posts in this thread ( written by romanians , i take it ) seem to ignore the central problem ( i.e. 
  why canada does n't given romanians visas ) . 
  romanians have historically violated the rules of their canadian visas more than other countries . 
  this reflects the general problem the eu seems to be having in europe with romanian fraud and romanian criminality . 
  you have failed to explain that this is is n't the case . 
  this is not about crime in romania . 
  it 's about organized crime in the eu . 
  your point about tabloids is taken . 
  we have to be careful not to fall for stereotypes and negative images of romanians . 
  but that 's not what this is about . 
  nor is this about crime in the netherlands . 
  we can talk about the terrible problem of dutch criminals operating in romania some other time . 
  the second last link , describing romanian criminality in the netherlands , says that there are currently 1,800 known romanian criminals in the netherlands and `` probably much more '' . 
  apparently , 80 % of them come from the northeast corner of your country . 
  the crimes they commit tend to be bank card fraud , break and enter , assault , human smuggling and prostitution . 
  the netherlands now has to deal with this , because romania is part of the eu , and your criminals have come here legally . 
  similar problems are happening * in every country in europe * , especially spain and italy . 
  every time they commit a crime , it 's broadcast on the news and everything thinks , `` fucking romanians '' . 
  is that what you want ? 
  it 's not in your best interests to deny that this is happening . 
  you can whine and complain online here about canada 's visa requirements , and about other european countries not treating romania like an equal country , or you can admit to yourselves ( like smart redditors ) that you are exporting fraud and criminality , and you can do something about it . 
  no one is going to treat your country with the respect it deserves until this criminality problem ends . 
  i suspect you do n't have an effective police force in romania . 
  maybe you should start there . 
  romania 's termination of this trade deal in these circumstances will be noticed by everyone . 
  we will all think your country is hugely hypocritical . 
  this is common knowledge . 
  there are romanian criminals all over europe . 
  i provided links . 
  here 's another : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_mafia it 's interesting that educated romanians seem to be in denial over it . 
  you 're in denial . 
  i 'm telling you what everyone knows . 
  even canada knows it lashing out is understandable but it does n't change the fact that romania exports crime . 
  i 'm raising a legitimate issue . 
  romania is not like every other country . 
  ( nor is bulgaria . ), 
  europe is awash with romanian criminals .
