  we can no longer trust any major media outlet in turkey . 
  the populists have taken over the agenda not just from the left , but from the right as well . 
  no other political party is taking an overtly anti-immigration position . 
  it 's perceived as too racist , too right wing . 
  from trump to brexit , from le pen to the afd , i do n't think that anyone can deny that the one and only issue of importance is muslim migrants and crime/terrorism . 
  everyone is truly sick of it . 
  i have a very successful , liberal friend whose daughter has been going to a local school ( a mixed school , reflecting the majority muslims living in the area ) . 
  they have tried their best , but the daughter ca n't handle it anymore . 
  we 're not talking about something abstract like an illegal immigrant driver . 
  we 're talking about street crime . 
  groups of muslim youths , with no prospects and no desire to integrate and no adult guidance . 
  today i was passed by a group of very loud , boisterous muslim teenagers , and i was afraid . 
  why should i be afraid of anything in my own neighbourhood ? 
  and to be blunt about it , we 're talking about cities that are quickly becoming majority muslim . 
  they are not even trying to become dutch . 
  they have no desire to `` fit in '' or to be part of a multicultural society . 
  they are themselves intolerant and racist . 
  they have an attitude of macho toughness and gang culture . 
  i am all in favour of immigration and multiculturalism , but there has to be some balance . 
  if this continues , there will be nothing dutch left anymore . 
  the dutch are retreating to safe neighbourhoods . 
  what solution can any party offer ? 
  deport them all ? 
  all the regular mainstream alternatives are either absent or manifestly ineffective . 
  there is a particular failure of the left in the netherlands , because there is one particular left-leaning politician ( a moroccan and moderate muslim himself ) who is widely respected and could have adequately represented the left and stood up to the more conservative elements . 
  but he declined to participate in the next election because of party politics . 
  a huge shame . 
  young people in europe are constantly being confronted with muslim youths who are acting in an anti-social unpleasant way . 
  european youth are left-leaning as well -- except when it comes to muslim migrants . 
  there is a lot of social conflict . 
  failure to integrate . 
  young people are on the front lines when it comes to this . 
  yes , this is the case in the netherlands too . 
  my theory about this is that something is happening in the schools . 
  if an older person is anti-immigrant , he or she is able to regulate their life to mostly avoid them . 
  but in the schools there is forced integration . 
  young people are in close quarters with immigrants on a daily basis . 
  they see the conflict , the differences , the integration failure , etc. 
  more than older people do . 
  someone like le pen or wilders then says the very things that they are thinking but are reluctant to talk to others about . 
  does anyone know the nationality , political leanings , background and general trustworthiness of `` econotimes '' ? 
  and yet i 'm being downvoted, 
  how is this related to europe ? 
  what is the `` daily sabah '' ?? 
  do you expect me to click on that link ? 
  all these obscure news sources appearing on this sub ... we 're being flooded with fake news from dubious sources . 
  if an educated european has to google a source because it is so obscure and unfamiliar , then please do n't use it as a source . 
  ok , i accept that there are apparently people in the world who might have the time to watch a 90-minute politically oriented talk video . 
  but for the rest of us , if you post a 90 minute video like this , can you add some explanation as to why it is worth the time ? 
  you could also explain who the participants are , describe what their backgrounds and political leanings are , and maybe give a summary of the final conclusions . 
  if i 'm going to spend 90 minutes of my holiday time watching a video like this , i need to know in advance why this would take priority over , say , playing with the kids , or going to the gym , or cleaning the house . 
  this is an 80 minute video ... 
  i 'm unwilling to start watching it unless i know why i should do so . 
  i 've never heard of `` gefira '' before . 
  left wing or right wing ? 
  is `` the national interest '' a right-wing or a left-wing publication ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  half of the threads on / r/europe are based on bullshit ops, 
  real news or fake news ? 
  lol i swear i did n't know that, 
  fake news ? 
  what if the roman empire re-united today ? 
  what if genghis khan 's empire was recreated today ? 
  i love this song, 
  my problem with this is that both sides are active on social media . 
  you just do n't know what is real anymore . 
  if it is true , it is shocking , and the world should be outraged at russia because of its human rights violations . 
  having said that , we already knew this about russia . 
  we 've become desensitized to it . 
  it 's like we 've come to accept this kind of thing as `` normal '' now . 
  germany had plenty of evidence . 
  they were trying to deport him . 
  they fully knew he was a potential terrorist . 
  tunisia says now it was unable to accept him at the time because of the multiple identities . 
  both countries have lame excuses for not following through on what needed to be done . 
  the problem here is not with the border . 
  the current system works . 
  the problem is that the german police ( not to mention the tunisians ) knew about this man and failed to take appropriate action . 
  probably mistranslation here . 
  in using the verb `` affects '' , hollande meant to say `` moves all europe '' or `` is emotionally disturbing to all of europe '' . 
  are we going to judge countries on the basis of stupid television comments ? 
  you could do that for any country . 
  here 's my contribution for the netherlands : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkqr3fhoefy how many eggs in a dozen ? 
  ( to be fair to her , the words for `` boxes '' and `` dozen '' are similar in dutch , and in the netherlands eggs come in packages of 10 . ), 
  what a surprise -- the british think the europeans should re-institute borders, 
  ffs ... no . 
  there is an external border . 
  since putin 's trolls started coming here, 
  you cheap russki whore, 
  that 's exactly what i 'm doing these racist , anti-immigrant , anti-eu , anti-merkel posts , often with fake news , seem to be coming from paid disinformation trolls, 
  what conclusions ? 
  the racist , populist and fake news posts here are mostly submitted by eastern europeans . 
  they can attack muslims and immigrants here freely , so why can one can not do the same to them ? 
  the russians are active on reddit to spread fake news about merkel, 
  let me guess ... you 're a russian shill . 
  how much is putin paying you to attack merkel on reddit ? 
  they ruined everything !, 
  anti-immigrant posts are racist and should not be allowed, 
  she has not been `` doing nothing '' . 
  she has been leading europe during a difficult time .
