  you can choose to waste your time on me , or you can go after the slavic neo-nazis . 
  populists ... 
  opposing racists is not bigotry . 
  it is noble and entertaining, 
  i 'm still ashamed of my racism . 
  i do n't express it . 
  the eastern europeans have never been ashamed of it , and now with donald and vladimir as their leaders , they are vomiting it all over reddit and the rest of the internt . 
  eastern european racists . 
  they think they can post their filth anywhere now . 
  nato good , russia bad, 
  i wish people ( especially non-americans ) would stop using the word `` muh '' . 
  i do n't know what they think it means , or how they think it is used , but it is always annoying . 
  nato is not insufficient for the task , but the uk and the us can no longer be relied on . 
  will they use their nukes if russia strikes ? 
  there are not enough tanks to stop the russians . 
  i think all europeans are agreed that the eu now needs its own military force , something that is very strong and that can get by without the us or the uk . 
  i personally am annoyed at the uk and would favour `` punishing '' them as much as possible during these brexit negotiations . 
  they 've never been a good member state , and now the eu needs to demonstrate that there is a price to be paid for leaving . 
  there are not enough tanks on the eastern front . 
  how else would nato protect the baltics ? 
  please . 
  the serbians have always been the , um , friend of russia . 
  you still have n't explained why nato countries would no longer comply with their solid , long-term treaty obligations to each other . 
  oops . 
  i amended my post . 
  i had forgotten that detail . 
  ah , you 're a student of history . 
  nato does n't have tanks on the eastern front , so it would have to be nukes . 
  the british are famous for not really understanding the eu , for never really being part of it . 
  it does n't really matter what people in the uk think , now that they 're out . 
  if anything , the uk leaving the eu will consolidate it and make it stronger . 
  the uk 's defence capabilities will be missed , however , so the eu has to strengthen that immediately . 
  and they are . 
  i have no idea why so many eastern europeans moved to the uk . 
  it was too much , but it was n't out of your control . 
  the uk could always have controlled it . 
  but it just did n't . 
  i used to . 
  but you do n't seem to understand nato . 
  yugoslavia was ~ ~ part of ~ ~ allied with the warsaw pact . 
  you really do n't get nato . 
  nato still exists . 
  in 1983 , one million dutch people assembled in the hague to protest the nuclear arms standoff . 
  that 's how serious it was . 
  if russia attacks any nato country , the uk and france and the us are obliged by treaty to respond as if their own country were under attack . 
  this is why so many nato countries joined the americans after 9/11 . 
  another indication of how seriously this obligation is taken . 
  well , i can see this discussion coming to an end ... 
  i 'm surprised that a 21 year old serbian thinks he knows more about this than i do . 
  what do you think happened from 1945 to the collapse of the warsaw pact in the 1990s ? 
  this is exactly the strategy that kept it all together . 
  an attack on finland ( for example ) meant nukes . 
  `` mutually assured destruction '' was n't nice to live with it , but it did work in keeping russia at bay . 
  the baltic states are part of nato . 
  if russia attacks nato , the gloves are immediately off . 
  those members have to use force as if their own country were under attack . 
  that 's the fundamental idea behind nato . 
  the whole point of nato is to stop russia . 
  an attack on one is an attack on everybody . 
  three nato members have nukes . 
   america is n't going to nuke russia because of the baltics that 's not necessarily true . 
  they are part of nato . 
  a few strategic missiles might stop russia from flexing its muscles and prevent a good deal of bloodshed . 
  it 's not just the us . 
  the uk and france also have nukes . 
  if it comes down to a war , we just nuke russia . 
  no circling . 
  no strategy . 
  and how can russia wage a war ? 
  its economy would collapse . 
   a politically united europe ( super power ) is n't a vision shared by the whole continent well , it is . 
  the only one excluded really is russia and probably turkey , for obvious reasons . 
  others are welcome to join and eventually will . 
  a few have opted out , but they pay a fortune to get the privileges of members . 
  there is a sort of manifest destiny at work here . 
  the eu is europe . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but you do n't really get it . 
  the brexiteers are going to be kicking and screaming the whole way it 's odd that some in the uk thought of immigration as being `` uncontrolled '', 
  this does n't really make sense . 
  the eu and europe are the same . 
  check out [ this map . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/c/c6/20070414052116%21europe_map_eu.png ) leaving the eu has to be seen as a national disaster , or else what is the point of a united europe ? 
  nato and the eu must move as many troops into the baltics as they can . 
  they are part of the west now . 
  dmitry kondrashov is inciting ethnic hatred . 
  he should be arrested and charged . 
  i 'm not letting the telegraph 's slimy advertisements in , ffs . 
  oh , i 'm sure the uk will survive . 
  you survived dunkirk . 
  do you know anything about free trade deals and the opposition to it ? 
  the problem is not that america will not give it to you ; the problem is that america will give it to you . 
  you could n't make this stuff up . 
  so it turns out that cutting off immigration would destroy the nhs . 
  despite the brexit vote , those eu immigrants have to be let in , one way or the other . 
  so , brexit supporters , what did you think when you were told that the nhs could n't survive without immigration ? 
  i do n't care ? 
  i do n't believe you ? 
  the uk was part of the biggest most lucrative trade deal in the world . 
  the eu was arranging a massive trade deal with the us , and it fell through . 
  do you think it will be any easier if it 's just the us and the uk ?
