  do you think they are authoritarian ? 
  there are many examples of authoritarian suppression of free speech in the us . 
  i noticed that the us did n't publish the mohamed cartoon . 
  it * was * published in europe . 
  what about nudity ? 
  the us suppresses that . 
  one reason trump won is because he lied . 
  not just lied , but lied brazenly and obviously . 
  sorry , but the american system is fucked . 
  that 's why no one else has it . 
  in the netherlands we have an example of a politician who made unfair statements about a specific ethnic group . 
  he was prosecuted and convicted . 
  if only this had happened to trump !, 
  we 've all seen american free speech in action over the last year : a sickening display of boldface lying , insults , cursing , epithets , slander , libel , defamation , etc. 
  and to top it off , it has confused and bamboozled the voters , leading to the institution of a fascist government . 
  this is why american-style free speech does n't work and why other western countries have n't adopted that model . 
  there are reasonable limits to free speech in a `` free and democratic society '' that is , unlike the us , actually functioning properly . 
  the american practice of free speech has , in its full glory , been exposed to the world over the last year . 
  the constant lying , slander , libel , insulting , defamation , cursing , racial epithets , etc. 
  has led to the institution of a fascist government . 
  this is why american-style free speech does n't work and why european countries do n't allow it . 
  we 've seen `` freedom of speech '' in action in the american political arena over the last year . 
  no , thank you . 
  the us should not be a model to any other country when it comes to this . 
  the differences are interesting . 
  would it have been possible for mexican-americans to have criminal charges pressed on trump for saying that mexicans were all rapists ? 
  this is what happened in the netherlands , except that in the netherlands wilders just said he wanted the moroccans out . 
  ( others have insulted the moroccans directly , calling them `` goat fuckers '' in public for example . ), 
  and if mexicans could n't have pressed charges against trump , what does that say about freedom of expression in the us ? 
  apparently it 's `` legal '' there to spew out lies and hate about a specific ethnic grouping without any repercussions at all . 
  you might be able to get away with that in the netherlands , but wilders ca n't because he 's perceived as openly hating muslims and is under close scrutiny . 
   but the truth is that the bans are first and foremost a direct expression of antipathy toward muslim immigrants , usually meant to appease far-right xenophobes . 
  wait ... `` far-right xenophobes '' ?? 
  the recent election showed that the american media ( especially the nyt ) do n't really understand average people ( i.e. 
  middle class white people ) . 
  some in the american media are now wringing their hands over their inability to understand trump voters . 
  but here -- despite the hand-wringing about their perception failures at home -- they are doing the very same thing again in a european context . 
  `` far-right xenophobes '' ?? 
  how can journalists from the nation that elected trump call ordinary europeans `` far-right xenophobes '' ? 
  how hypocritical is that ? 
  europe is dealing with a muslim minority that includes many people who reject european culture and values . 
  the nyt and the rest of the left-leaning english-speaking media would prefer us to pretend that nothing has changed , that everything is fine , that there is no problem at all . 
  they want us to accept an apparently endless stream of muslim immigrants into european society in the expectation that they will blend seamlessly and harmlessly into european life . 
  and if you disagree with them , you 're a `` far-right xenophobe '' . 
  well , fuck the nyt . 
  they are not blending in . 
  * there is something seriously wrong with islam forcing itself into european life , and ignoring it is just stupid . 
  * i do n't mind muslims immigrating here within reason , and i do n't agree with banning clothing , but i do think something has to be done to let the muslim community know that they live in europe and there are limits to what europeans will accept when it comes to the erosion of european culture . 
  why ca n't they just become european ? 
  they ca n't just come here by the millions and set up a muslim society here . 
  https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vrijheid_van_meningsuiting maybe with google translate ? 
  do the croatian men notice this ? 
  or are they too busy checking each other out ? 
  you 're not dealing with the icc argument adequately . 
  the situations are comparable . 
  can anyone really consider anyone in the eu as acting in `` good faith '' ? 
  does texas or south carolina act `` in good faith '' ? 
  the us is riven politically between red and blue states . 
  are they acting `` in good faith '' with each other ? 
  the eu is a special kind of creation . 
  perhaps some day it will be a federation . 
  there are plenty who want that . 
  but many people would prefer not to give up sovereignty over certain things . 
  but when it comes to some things , the eu is not a federation or confederation . 
  first , all of the arguments you 've made here could be made about the icc , and yet you must know that the united states is refusing to accept its jurisdiction . 
  do you feel the same way about icc jurisdiction over the criminal activity of americans ? 
  second , you have n't dealt adequately with the other user 's venezuelan comment . 
  you 're not addressing the zeitgeist when it comes to the eu . 
  we are indeed stuck -- for reasons i do n't fully understand -- in a multi-national union with `` venezuelans '' . 
  when people say the eu has to be reformed , what they mean is the `` venezuelans '' sorting themselves out . 
  it means the eu not being so federation-minded . 
  reform does n't mean giving the `` venezuelans '' authority to prosecute the `` americans '' . 
  it does n't mean integrating our criminal and prosecutorial systems . 
  the free movement of businesses and people between various countries does not necessarily lead to the harmonizing of our criminal legal systems . 
  i agree with the eppo in general , but i do n't want french , greeks , italian , croatians and romanian prosecutors to be prosecuting dutch companies . 
  we do n't need that . 
  it 's unnecessary . 
  it 's too much . 
  um , are you sure about this post ? 
  the author of this article , conrad black , is the most elitist and arrogant of establishment figures you can imagine . 
  google him a bit . 
  another massive issue is tax collection . 
  that 's another issue that exasperates the northern countries . 
  just collect the tax that is owed . 
  mmm , well , except maybe in the case of starbucks ... 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but in most federations ( eg germany , australia , the us , canada ) the state/province also has its own tax system and tax return . 
  surely that would remain the case in the eu . 
   unifying the tax system at the eu level do you want this ?? 
  you 're mixing up two different things . 
  i explained this in another post . 
  tax fraud and legal tax evasion ( if you want to call it that ) are two different issues . 
  if our opposition to the eppo is related in any way to our corporate tax laws , i would be very surprised . 
  and why point fingers at the netherlands when [ so many others are doing it too . 
  ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles/wealth-management/121515/top-10-european-tax-havens.asp ) i agree with you that the eppo should be set up . 
  what is ee ? 
  dutch prosecutors take money laundering very seriously . 
  he 's writing about corporate tax . 
  i was commenting about personal tax . 
  with regard to being a way station for large corporations to reduce their taxes , we are very smart at this kind of thing and make a good deal of money from it . 
  it 's happening in other countries too .
