  not really . 
   but / y/loladin is n't even a cdu voter how do you know that ? 
  he attacked maas . 
  saying `` maas '' is `` useless '' is different than saying he 's `` borderline retarded '' and an `` idiot '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but this sounds like the rhetoric you hear from extremists in the us and maybe the uk . 
  it sounds like something polarized americans do . 
  i mean he called maas `` borderline retarded '' . 
  how can you like or dislike any politician ? 
  or how could you think that any politicians is all good or all bad . 
  they 're all the same , a mix of good and bad . 
  they run the administration of the government . 
  it 's not something to get worked up over . 
  but i suppose the poster who said it could be a 13 year old . 
  good point . 
  but let 's take may 's ( artificial ) position as that representing the uk . 
  does n't that express it ? 
  petition a large international hotel chain to buy it and turn it into a 5 star hotel ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you tell me . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone use strong language like this for a mainstream politician irl . 
  americans are the ones who get so worked up . 
  is it normal for germans to refer to their politicians as idiots ? 
  ( i 'm assuming he 's german . ), 
  calling politicians `` idiots '' . 
  using excessively strong , abusive language to refer to something that is nothing more than boring politics . 
  exactly, 
  yes , that and the fact that governments are not explaining globalization clearly enough to people , especially to counter the heavy propaganda against it . 
  you could say that about ceta too . 
  governments are used to the old way of doing things . 
  but now with social media and the internet , every fucking idiot out there thinks he knows better than the government . 
  in the future governments are going to have to explain everything more clearly to counter the misconceptions . 
  i knew it was a lot !, 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe#/media/file:same-sex_marriage_map_europe_detailed.svg ) is what it means . 
  tell that to trump supporters, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the word `` neoliberal '' is banned from reddit . 
  we have a word for that already -- capitalism . 
  stupidest article ever . 
  english is an enormous language , the most diverse and flexible in the world . 
  do you really think english speakers could n't come up with cute names for this if they wanted to ? 
  people just use husband/wife/spouse / partner or whatever . 
  yeah , but he did n't say it like that . 
  you 're just calling everyone `` idiot '' , are n't you . 
  sorta unpleasant . 
  well look at the cda and merkel . 
  they let in ~ ~ 2 million ~ ~ 3 trillion muslims . 
  which party is idiotic ? 
  the problem was that the uk is a magnet for migrants . 
  it was indeed too much . 
  half of poland has moved there . 
  the british want globalism without mass migration, 
   maas is also a borderline retarded , useless and incompetent idiot wow . 
  this is how americans talk about politics . 
  are you sure you 're not american ? 
  maybe if they moved to the centre ... but nope that is n't going to happen soon . 
  brown is centre-left . 
  clinton is centre-left . 
  these are the people who want globalization . 
  the far left . 
  and only some of them . 
  now they 've got what they want . 
  let 's see if britain becomes a socialist paradise . 
  finally ... germany needs to join the modern world when it comes to this . 
  maas is a social democrat though , so there are no surprises here . 
  so let me get this straight : you ( obviously very left wing ) are pro-brexit because you see it as anti-globalisation ? 
  you are recasting brexit as a victory for the left ? 
  `` neoliberalism '' is a new , politically charged word . 
  the minute you use it , you 've revealed yourself to be extremely left wing . 
   the brexit vote ... can be interpreted as an anti-globalization protest . 
  this is n't right , is it . 
  it was an anti-immigrant and anti-european vote . 
  that 's not anti-globalisation, 
  powerful picture . 
  europe is powerless . 
  they are streaming in from asia and africa , and nothing is being done to stop it . 
  that was going to be my point too . 
  if erdogan wants to go by that standard , his entire nation can go back to turkmenistan . 
  not even england . 
  england minus london . 
  the moral of the story : do n't hold referendums anymore . 
  if rutte has the power , he should just sign it . 
  the referendum was non-binding . 
  most dutch people could n't find ukraine on a map and do n't give a flying fuck about this treaty . 
  there has to be a new rule for the internet . 
  anyone who uses the world `` neoliberal '' gets shot and pissed on . 
  only the regular courts . 
  maybe quebec and wallonia can get married and torture each other . 
  this just boils down to left v. right , does n't it . 
  i might be more sympathetic if we were in good times . 
  the problem is that europe is [ not doing well economically ] ( http://bilbo.economicoutlook.net/blog/?p=34672 ) . 
  ( if you do n't agree with me on that , let me know . ), 
  it is corporate europe , and only corporate europe , that is going to get us out of that -- not the eu ( apparently ) and certainly not the left . 
  we need jobs , commerce , trade , business , investment and so on . 
  we have to compete with the rest of the world for these things . 
  the role of the eu is primarily to allow these things to happen in a way that benefits everyone . 
  yes , laws are needed -- but these laws can not get out of hand . 
  they ca n't become so unmanageable that the economy gets strangled . 
  if the left is now saying the eu is failing and should probably be scrapped , i think i agree . 
  however , what they are probably saying is let 's spend more money on improving employee rights , environmentalism , etc. 
  i do n't see any ideas from the left on how to make the economy grow .
