  we 've also just emerged from two political wars . 
  * for years the allies were engaged in a total war with the extreme right . 
  that battle was won , thank god . 
  * right after that , the west was engaged in a mortal battle ( a `` cold war '' ) with the extreme left . 
  that battle was also won , thank god . 
  so europe has carefully chosen the moderate path , rejecting both extreme left and extreme right . 
  the far left are not doing well in europe . 
  let 's hope the far right do n't either . 
  europe faces a huge challenge with unchecked migration and a bloody war against islamism . 
  that raises fears in some people , including me . 
  nobody has an answer to it . 
  but slipping into right-wing extremism ( fueled by islamophobia ) is definitely not a good personal or political response . 
  i can understand that it is a struggle for you . 
  if your views are right wing , that 's fine . 
  the problem is when these views become extreme . 
  opposing unchecked immigration is not racist . 
  calling muslims inbred or incestuous is very racist . 
  europe is a liberal place that tolerates people of different political views . 
  far right and far left views are possible here . 
  however , certain views are not tolerated and should not be expressed publicly . 
  racist hatred is one of them . 
  only the us allows unchecked free speech , and that country is falling apart . 
  the us has a two-party system and other aspects ( eg electoral college ) that make a mockery of democracy and political freedom . 
  i would n't know . 
  i was n't talking about facebook because facebook is not anonymous . 
  but if facebook comments violate european legal norms , facebook should be forced to stop it . 
  if facebook becomes a platform for hate , facebook itself should be prosecuted . 
  i think they realise this . 
  um , wilders is not happening . 
  let 's hope le pen does n't happen either . 
  the idea of * unfettered * free speech is american . 
  the idea that neo-nazi hate can be expressed without restriction is american . 
  europe has a different culture , a different system , a different history . 
  right wing views are fine . 
  expressions of hatred , extremism and racism are not fine . 
  so let me make that perfectly clear to you : racists ( bulgarian and otherwise ) are not welcome in europe . 
  bulgaria and the other countries in eastern europe have to choose : fester in right-wing hatred and racism or become part of a liberal europe, 
  if you believe in freedom , you wo n't mind posting with your real name . 
  freedom and anonymity do n't go together . 
  only cowards post hate anonymously . 
  anonymous hate posters are not interested in `` freedom '' at all . 
  they 're engaged in a private , solo activity , like masturbation . 
  freedom is built on honesty , integrity and public discussion . 
  and how is it about freedom when many of the hateful comments are posted by a handful of extremists using multiple accounts and bots ? 
  how is that democratic and free ? 
  are you bulgarian ? 
  please do n't adopt the american attitude towards free speech . 
  it does n't work . 
  europe has the balance right . 
  free speech , but with reasonable limits . 
  c'mon ... germans and other europeans see pictures and videos of israelis blasting the shit out of primitive , disadvantaged civilian populations in nearby gaza . 
  it 's surprising the figure is n't much higher . 
  if anything , this shows a strong pro-israel animus . 
  i 'm very pro-israel , but israel can not have ultra-right wing governments for decades , extremist settlers violating international law , and occasional civilian slaughters of its neighbours without some blowback . 
  if israel has to turn hard right to win its battle for survival , it ca n't expect its image in the world not to suffer . 
  i 'm not even saying it 's israel 's fault . 
  it 's no-win situation really . 
   you do not have the right to silence even neo-nazis when they express valid , sourced opinions or information . 
  that 's an american view . 
  it 's simply not the european view . 
  nor is it the view of other english-speaking countries . 
  only the us has such a broad view of this , and look what has happened to them . 
  and besides , this sub has rules . 
  reddit has rules . 
  if you do n't like it , go back to breitbart . 
  if anyone is `` crying like a baby '' , it seems to be you . 
  it 's an interesting map , but it has nothing to do with europe specifically , it sports a misleading title and the motive for posting it was clearly racist . 
  how can it be true when you used a misleading word in the title ? 
  this map show consanguinity , not incestuousness . 
  and so what if cousin marriage is more common in some countries ? 
  it does n't explain anything . 
  it certainly does n't explain what you think it explains . 
  it 's just a small-minded , mean , petty , unhelpful point to make . 
  no different than sniggering at someone because of the colour of his skin . 
  surely you 're bigger than that . 
  delete it , mate . 
  we all know why you posted it . 
  we all know who is pathetic here, 
  you have to wash your hands if you do n't use toilet paper . 
  i know you ca n't amend your title , but it 's a shame it 's misleading . 
  this map has nothing to do with europe . 
  and i suspect the reason for this map is racist . 
  i 'm going to report it . 
  cousin marriage is not incestuous . 
  it is banned only in china , taiwan , the koreas , and in less than half of the states in the united states . 
  if this map is meant to also show cousin marriage , the title of this post is misleading . 
  the whine regions would be a much more complex map, 
  we 're talking about the hypocrisy of mainstream american movies and television, 
  ok , now you 're losing me . 
  you do n't see these two as exactly equivalent ?? 
  would you still say that in response to a comparison between a crucifix and a yarmulke ? 
  if an employer wants fewer hijabs , it ca n't credibly say `` you can wear whatever works in your religion as long as it does n't cover your hair '' . 
  that 's clearly targeting certain groups . 
  the idea is that you can not target certain religions . 
  i did n't mean to give you solid examples at all . 
  i just gave two off-the-cuff examples of american sources where the main theme is violence , i.e. 
  shoot outs and explosions . 
  on american television and film , it 's quite acceptable to show a guy getting gunned down or people getting killed in an explosion , but god forbid a naked breast should make an appearance in a movie that is aimed at the general audience . 
  i get your point that there exist us pay television stations and movies where sex is shown ( just as there is lots of american-produced pornography ) . 
  however , that 's not what i 'm talking about , and i have to assume you know that .
