  i do n't blame globalization on the damage caused to small towns . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  although to be fair , i do n't understand why britain is suffering more than say the netherlands . 
  small towns in the netherlands are doing fine . 
  yes , of course . 
  yay !, 
  another cleric says something that became obvious around 1250 ad !, 
  https://web.stanford.edu/~ldiamond/iraq/whaisdemocracy012004.htm  we can think of democracy as a system of government with four key elements :  1 . 
  a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections . 
  the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life . 
  protection of the human rights of all citizens . 
  a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  this sums it up better than i can . 
  i do n't know anything about the us in 1900 . 
  talk about `` tyranny of the majority '' then , not democracy . 
  democracy is something different . 
  if democracy is a popularity contest shitfest , it 's a glorious one , with no palatable alternative . 
  no , that 's too narrowly defined . 
  democracy is a set of various principles and systems . 
  it 's not just majority rule . 
  no , majority rule only works with minority protection . 
  it 's a fundamental principle . 
   in the past three decades , the share of u.s. citizens who think that it would be a `` good '' or `` very good '' thing for the `` army to rule '' -- a patently undemocratic stance -- has steadily risen . 
  in 1995 , just one in sixteen respondents agreed with that position ; today , one in six agree . 
  while those who hold this view remain in the minority , they can no longer be dismissed as a small fringe , especially since there have been similar increases in the number of those who favor a `` strong leader who does n't have to bother with parliament and elections '' and those who want experts rather than the government to `` take decisions '' for the country . 
  nor is the united states the only country to exhibit this trend . 
  the proportion agreeing that it would be better to have the army rule has risen in most mature democracies , including germany , sweden , and the united kingdom . 
  thanks for linking this . 
  i watched the whole thing . 
  interesting to see the guardian trying to understand the disaffection and other forces behind brexit . 
  ok , this is a criminal trial that is being presented by amnesty international and the guardian ( two very left wing sources ) as having a political undertone . 
  i 'd like to see a more politically neutral report on this . 
  the problem with this story is that it is difficult to be sympathetic to someone who ( regardless of his good intentions ) was involved as an agitator in a riot . 
  he does n't have clean hands . 
  yes , but what do you want instead of democracy ? 
  you 're disillusioned , i get that . 
  but what then ? 
  just withdraw from the whole concept ? 
  omg that 's it , is n't it . 
  millennials are just sulking and bitching about it . 
  they have nothing better in mind . 
  interesting subject , but this is the most useless thread i 've ever read on this sub . 
  i wish people would comment only after reading the article . 
  but democracy is not just about the `` majority wins '' . 
  that 's only a small part of it . 
   the current system of balances , checks , super laws ( constitutions ) , separation of the 3 powers , independent press , election systems that are significant are all important to the functioning of society . 
  but this is democracy . 
  this is what it is . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  but democracy is based on rule of law and human rights . 
  that 's the whole point of democracy . 
  is there confusion about what democracy entails ? 
  so what do they think replaces democracy ? 
  what is better ? 
  if this article is to be believed , a healthy chunk of young europeans and americans agree with the statement that military rule is preferable over democracy . 
  sure , young people are disenchanted , but this article says that many of them believe `` the army should take over '' . 
  wtf ? 
  the article underling this ( linked at the top ) has some shocking insights . 
  i do n't know whether to believe it or not . 
  a huge percentage of young europeans and american millennials do n't believe in democracy at all and agree with statements like `` the army should take over '' . 
  wow , the pm of the netherlands ( mark rutte ) beats donald the clown . 
  why is rutte so influential ? 
  it is cool . 
  europe dancing together, 
  what a clown, 
  ... not to mention the hordes of tourists in the foreground, 
  `` vegan money '' -- pffft fucking fanatics, 
  is it necessary to remind redditors that chomsky is extremely left wing ? 
  not a bad thing per se , but it 's not like he 's politically neutral . 
  you mean they lied ? 
  very moving . 
  thank you, 
  i 'm not convinced your observation is even accurate yet . 
  yes , the germans are prosperous , but they are also hard-working and frugal . 
  it could be that in munich you are just exposed to more wealth than you are back home . 
  debt is not necessarily that bad if it 's owed to your own banks and they 're using it properly . 
  your mistake is using the word `` everyone '' . 
  you might expect driving a car to be something that everyone does . 
  that 's not necessarily the case in germany . 
  people with little or no money are ( 1 ) not driving at all , i.e. 
  taking public transport ; ( 2 ) not driving around in downtown munich . 
  also , if the us is your standard , it 's true that cars are better maintained in germany than in the us . 
  i was surprised at how shambolic cars looked in traffic in the us . 
  i think it 's just that everyone drives there , rich and poor . 
  am i wrong in detecting a half-sneering undertone in this article ? 
  it is trying to present the story neutrally , i think . 
  www.dutchnews.nl is not mediocre by the way , this happened [ six days ago ] ( http://www.nu.nl/politiek/4355262/tweede-kamer-staat-achter-boerkaverbod.html?redirect=1 ) , although the law has been planned for months . 
  not sure why the independent is reporting it just now, 
  whatsapp without videos , audio , pics , etc. 
  i used to get 6 gb , but one day all of it was used up in two hours because of a freak update while tethered . 
  i was stuck with the 64 kb/s bandwith , and it was unusable . 
  i had to upgrade immediately . 
  so i did end up with a higher bill . 
  you are technically right though . 
  yes , i see . 
  64 kb/s is unusable though . 
   t-mobile always have unlimited internet it does ? 
  do you mean unlimited calls in the netherlands ? 
  i pay t-mobile 30 euros a month for 20 gb ( i.e. 
  just for the data ),
