  the eu has become incapable of concluding free trade deals . 
  in which case , why continue with it ? 
  we need to have better trade deals . 
  how else will prices come down ? 
  how will we improve our international sales ? 
  yes , like brexit . 
  poor austria and romania, 
  you 're right , but it is protectionist though . 
   german economy minister sigmar gabriel wants the eu to be able to similarly veto deals if the acquirer 's home country restricts foreign investment , according to bloomberg news . 
  while the rise of protectionism is worrying , his proposal seems reasonable under the circumstances . 
  is more protectionism really where we want to go though ? 
  yes , i also mentioned verdun though . 
  and nothing was shouted , for chrissakes . 
  i was referring to the horrors of european nationalism . 
  i was responding to the previous post , but that 's not so clear now so i added the quote and put it in context . 
  these people whining about walloon sovereignty apparently want to return to pre-war europe , i.e. 
  a time when nations can assert their interests even when it 's not for the common good . 
  we know where that led . 
  auschwitz --  european union . 
  there is a direct correlation . 
  but i suppose they probably do n't give a shit about walloon sovereignty . 
  they 're really engaged in virtue signalling . 
  thanks for that link . 
  i enjoyed reading about him and his views . 
  he clearly identifies as `` progressive '' in this article . 
  he says it outright . 
  it 's hard to see how he would support this rejection of ceta , when he identifies this as one of europe 's major problems :  the most manifest one is that there is a collective action problem at the european level . 
  many of the negotiations , very complicated ones , have moved to more discreet technical committees , where national powers are still very blatant and outspoken . 
  that 's not exactly what 's gone wrong here , but it 's the same spirit . 
  i agree with him about this problem , but i do n't agree that we should be paying more for potatoes to reflect worker exploitation and environmental concerns . 
  i guess i 'm too price oriented , like most dutch people . 
  you disagree with me so i 'm a troll . 
  is that your logic , genius ? 
   loon nice . 
  i 'm actually not anti-europe at all . 
  i 'm saying the eu should function properly . 
  if it ca n't , then let 's do something about it . 
  the eu ca n't even negotiate trade deals , a primary reason for its very existence . 
  yes . 
  explain the horrible negative effects of ceta . 
   all the negatives of ceta ???? 
  ok , thanks for linking that to me . 
  i read it all . 
  i have a better understanding of the opposition to it . 
  it seems to be ideologically based , with environmentalism and anti-globalization being particularly important . 
  holslag is essentially saying he does n't like the idea behind free trade in general . 
  he think it will lead to cheaper prices that fail to take environmental effects and exploitation issues into account . 
  he does n't like cheaper prices . 
  he thinks we should pay more to reflect labour and environmental costs . 
  he calls this lack of transparency . 
  he does n't cite any example of this this would apply in the case of ceta , but it 's just the principle of the thing . 
  it 's all very left wing . 
  i did n't find anything in there that changed my mind , but i appreciate the insight . 
  i suppose in the future , any trade deal is going to have to involve an endless discussion with the left about its anxieties . 
  it 's clear that governments have to develop public relations teams to combat all the disinformation and prejudice spread over the internet by extremist groups . 
  you feel the investment court is `` very dangerous '' to european interests . 
  i do n't really understand why . 
  why would n't it also be `` very dangerous '' to canadian interests ? 
  why do you think it would automatically be anti-european ? 
  canada is a small country . 
  we have a half billion people . 
  why do you see us as the victims ? 
  i think it is canada that should actually be a little worried . 
  ok , what about this figure of $ 12 billion . 
  does this qualify as `` massive '' ? 
   why is this agreement important for the eu ? 
   the eu wants to have closer economic ties with a like-minded partner -- canada . 
  canada is a sizeable market , an important destination for european investment and a country rich in natural resources that europe needs . 
  it offers energy and raw materials and is a significant source of know-how . 
   ceta will be good for our economies and help create jobs in times of economic uncertainty . 
  this ties in with the eu 's ` europe 2020 ' strategy to boost growth by making the eu economy more competitive on open and fair markets worldwide . 
   canada is one of the most developed non-european countries with which the eu has ever negotiated a trade agreement of this size . 
  this creates major opportunities across all areas of the economy . 
  the agreement is expected to increase trade in goods and services between the eu and canada by nearly a quarter . 
  overall , ceta is expected to lift eu output by about $ 12 billion a year . 
  i do n't know why there is a deadline . 
  do you ? 
  why did it take seven years for the walloons to finally read the agreement ? 
  if the germans opposed it so much , should they not have looked at it then ? 
  thanks for explaining your views , but i do n't understand how we actually disagree . 
  you wrote this :  i do n't oppose ceta in itself  ... favour multinationals . 
  that in itself is not a big deal to me your argument seems to boil down to this :  so if it does n't add any real economic incentive , why do we need it ? 
  this argument was also made by another poster . 
  i do n't know how to respond to this argument really . 
  you prefer to enter into only big trade deals ? 
  i agree with this too , except for the `` only '' part . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with a smaller trade deal . 
  even if the benefit is minimal ( which i do n't agree with ) why not just sign the damn thing and eliminate all that protectionism . 
  i read the figure of 16 billion somewhere . 
  that 's why i said `` massive ' . 
  you produced a rather critical report that mentioned something like 3.5 billion . 
  and you do n't think this is massive ? 
  you 're disagreeing with me because of our different understanding of `` massive '' ? 
  you 're clearly just a troll . 
  i 'm bowing out of this discussion with you . 
  i asked you to explain why you 're anti-trade , but you did n't and i do n't think you actually are . 
  you 're just arguing . 
  i gave you a link . 
  you know that . 
  even your linked reports said that the deal would benefit the eu by billions of euros .
