  wake up !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o6-bi3jlxk ), 
  well now we have trump and may so things are so much better, 
  interesting website !, 
  and our army will have many bicycles too, 
  yes , but the french wo n't share it unless they 're in charge . 
  omfg shut the fucking fuck up , trump , you evil fucking buffoon fuck, 
   penny-pinching pfft . 
  how dare you describe my people in this way . 
  i am so triggered right now, 
   to prove a few old [ stereotypes ] about the dutch our food is indeed lekker . 
  that 's no stereotype . 
  netherlands : www.dutchnews.nl, 
  polish technology ? 
  irish technology ? 
  is one of those more amusing ? 
  although to be honest , i think northern europe is terrified most of having greeks and italians in the army . 
  we want and need a european army with german technology , british leadership and discipline , and french food . 
  we 'll get one with dutch food , italian technology , portuguese leadership and greek discipline . 
  the left do n't give a shit about iraq . 
  they despise blair because he blew them off . 
  why do the british left go on and on about iraq ? 
  they 're beginning to sound obsessed about it . 
  iraq was a necessary and successful war . 
  even if you do n't believe this , it is ancient history . 
  you do n't see europeans or americans go on about it . 
  we wont talk about europe anymore . 
  and talking about him normalises him . 
  this summer 4,500 drowned . 
  next year 5,000 will drown . 
  in 2018 , 8,000 will drown . 
  in 2019 , 10,000 will drown . 
  in 2020 , 15,000 will drown . 
  and so on , possibly for centuries . 
  are you ready to accept that ? 
  this poll is inaccurate . 
  primarily people who care about this issue voted in it . 
   whining ah , there it starts . 
  this nastiness is how the british far left discusses things . 
  my solution is the humanitarian one . 
  you 're not reading my posts , however , so let 's end the discussion . 
  your policy is cruel because it gives them false hope and gives them an incentive to take dangerous risks . 
  and if we continue with your policy , we will eventually have to shoot them . 
  how many millions can we take over the next 500 years and still survive as europe ? 
  alternative : if we follow australia 's policy with boat people , we would force all refugees onto lampedusa ( or a similar island ) for their refugee determination process and make the failed ones return home from there . 
  that is perhaps more humane than luring them to drowning deaths . 
  do you understand the concept of deterrence ? 
  of sacrificing 10,000 so millions wo n't have to die ? 
  hiroshima was a very good thing , right ? 
  so what is your solution ? 
  the first thing that will happen as the millions continue to come by boat is that northern europe will vote in governments that refuse to take them . 
  then italy and greece will be stuck with them forever . 
  so the status quo is working ? 
  4,500 people drowned this summer -- because of your policy of saving them and giving them asylum . 
  all it did was lead to more people making the effort to cross . 
  there is a grim statistic there : the more who cross , the more who drown . 
  i 'm telling you , the humane thing would be to let them drown and provide those who arrive here with no status . 
  this is the only thing that would lead to fewer deaths in the end . 
  your attitude is why the eu will probably fail . 
  western europe is too decentralized and weak to defeat an onslaught like this . 
  europe could never do a hiroshima . 
  we need a hiroshima . 
  eventually , if it goes on like this for decades , it will get to the point where we have to shoot them for our own survival . 
  although by that time , our own politics will probably be so comprised that opposition will be impossible . 
  europe as we know it will come to an end , just as the roman empire ended when the germanic tribes swept in . 
  eastern europe will still survive perhaps . 
  the far left are not mad at blair for going into iraq , but for failing to listen to the far left . 
  this is blair 's sin . 
  how many are we killing by giving them the hope that they might make it to europe ? 
  4,500 have died this summer . 
  it may be more humane in the end to give them no hope . 
  to make it seem reckless to make the attempt . 
  even if we have to allow thousands to die to prevent hundreds of thousands from making the attempt . 
  but beyond that , why do the politicians not do something about this ? 
  i want this policy of ferrying refugees across the sea to end . 
  the british are smarter ; it is the british far left that is unhinged . 
  british politics does n't have the rational aspect you see on the continent . 
  brits would find german or dutch politics very boring -- except for wilders or the afd , of course . 
  [ the brits want to see drama and sensation . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37799805 ) the british left want to see conflict . 
  i do n't see any serious solutions coming from anyone . 
  it pisses me off exceedingly that we are ferrying these people from the african coast to europe . 
  it will take over and destroy the sub . 
  it will be interesting , for sure . 
  i just would prefer / r/europe to be a trump-free space . 
  rescue , shuttle pick up -- whatever you want to call it . 
  it has to be stopped somehow . 
  we need bold steps . 
  by the far left, 
  the british far left despise him because he did n't listen to them when deciding whether to go to war against iraq . 
  and the british far left are the kind of people who would rather see the world destroyed than compromise their hard-line views . 
  the hatred of the british far left for blair is difficult for non-brits to understand . 
  do n't do it , liz . 
  fuck your advisers . 
  remember you fought and won against hitler . 
  meeting this buffoon will be the lowest point of your reign . 
  a sign that nothing has really changed in 75 years . 
  if he is in the same photo as you , it will improve his reputation in the minds of the dumbass americans who voted him in . 
  ps does every article on / r/europe have to be about trump now ? 
  has anyone else noticed that this headline is wrong and misleading ?
