  i was shocked by what i encountered in canada , and i live in an expensive country, 
  this is just petty racism . 
  how are the first two even related to multiculturalism ? 
  make your point if you have to , but not like this . 
  you 're making it sound like you 're in favour of `` culture '' but then you make your point in this uncultured , low-class way . 
  why would i believe an article from `` the intercept '' over an article from the `` washington post '' ?? 
  who is behind `` the intercept '' exactly ? 
  who is behind you exactly ? 
  there is no doubt that russian redditors are online right now ... we seriously do n't know how much we 're being manipulated by these forces . 
  yes , but maybe the russians are behind this fortune article . 
  wtf is fortune and who are these people ? 
  maybe they 're being played by the russians , and they do n't realise or they do n't care . 
  what is it that you want exactly ? 
  the internet and social media have led to a culture of echo chambers , opinion masking as news , and lies . 
  a healthy and credible fourth estate is essential to democracy . 
  similar article : https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/russian-propaganda-effort-helped-spread-fake-news-during-election-experts-say/2016/11/24/793903b6-8a40-4ca9-b712-716af66098fe_story.html, 
  no one mainstream wants to say it . 
  yes , i also think that 's what it 's mostly about . 
  nobody wants to say it . 
  it 's not just ideology though because these feelings are also directed at africans and eastern europeans . 
  not just islam . 
  since wwii we have lived with a world order that promoted easy travel , freedom of movement , multilateral trade , refugee protection , multiculturalism , knowledge migration , immigration , human rights protection and so on . 
  europe accepted that being a force for good in the world meant opening its borders and becoming more multi-racial , multi-lingual , multi-national , multi-religious , multi-everything . 
  but maybe this is all coming to an end . 
  it 's gone too far maybe . 
  it 's picked up momentum , and it feels now like we 're being swarmed . 
  we are being swarmed . 
  the populists have picked up the mood . 
  but mainstream europe is n't willing to change because , well , for the last 65 years this is what europe has been all about . 
  it feels fascist and racist and mean and ungenerous , and mainstream politicians do n't want to go down that road . 
  most of us do n't . 
  yeah , getting around the eu regulations are a piece of cake for us, 
  exactly . 
  so this simple , nationalist way of looking at language is just misleading . 
  i do n't think any of them are close to reality . 
  so , what are you saying ? 
  the flemish speak 5.3 languages and the walloons 1.4 ? 
  that in itself is an indictment of this kind of post . 
  it 's just stupid to reduce complicated language issues to simplistic lists and maps . 
  he implies it here :  critics have been labelled racists ... and citizens have been ignored when they ... pointed out the pathetic nature of the refugee relocation scheme . 
  and here :  the same populist forces and lack of honest discussion that got donald trump elected are present and gaining traction in europe . 
  dismissing them , as most american newspapers did , is a grave mistake . 
  it will not only get populists elected , it can bring europe to its knees . 
  unless we look into the mirror , admit our hubris , and refocus european integration , the eu as we know it will soon be over . 
  i 'm not saying he 's wrong . 
  i 'm just wondering what the two of you are actually saying . 
  let 's just say it outright . 
  if europe got tough on immigration , it would undercut the populists . 
  is that it ? 
  or is your message too subtle for me ? 
  yes , that 's it . 
  that 's one reason why these surveys and maps are crap, 
  `` bureaucratic nightmare '' is something that a rupert murdoch newspaper would say about the eu . 
  i do n't see eu regulations being any different than , say , dutch regulations . 
  can i add some focus to your post ? 
  are you really saying that this is really just about the muslims and the east europeans ? 
  that the eu has to have an `` honest discussion '' about immigration and refugees ? 
  that the eu has to start talking tough about immigration in the same way the populists do ? 
  is that what this is really all about ? 
  brown people ? 
   everyone who has an opinion differing from `` the european union is awesome '' why do i think this boils down to the issue of refugees and immigration ? 
  if the eu suddenly got very tough on immigration , would everyone then be in favour of it ? 
  is that what this populism and anti-eu rhetoric is really all about ? 
  too many fucking muslims ? 
  i reject the views expressed in this article . 
  the eu is not perfect , but most of us want it to stay . 
  we need a strong vision and good leadership . 
  freedom of movement is a fundamental principle of the eu . 
  some would say it 's the very heart of the eu . 
  this is what makes the eu a true union , and not just a treaty . 
  if the eu gave a dispensation to the uk , it would have to give it to anyone , and then the entire eu would fall apart . 
  all of europe has problems with immigrants . 
  why should a special exception be made for the uk ? 
  how can the belgians -- who have ~ ~ two ~ ~ three official languages -- speak 2.6 languages , but the dutch can speak 3.2 ?? 
  how well do you have to know a language to be able to say you `` speak '' it ? 
  studying a language does n't mean you can speak it . 
  these language maps and lists are ridiculous unless we know exactly what the standard is . 
  i tried to address the issue of the standard in the last post like this ( which said that the dutch were suddenly better than the danes in speaking english ) . 
  the standard for `` speaking '' seems to be pretty low . 
  ( in the last post i got blasted for saying that , with such a low standard , most people in the world would be considered english-speakers . 
  but i stand by that : if merely studying english means you can speak english , the whole world speaks english . ), 
  lovely . 
  lol, 
  no , of course not . 
  they 're both fascists . 
  amerikkkans want america without the immigrants, 
  it 's quite good . 
  yeah , sorry , but i can see why an erdogan supporter would like trump . 
  erdogan is a monster ; so is trump . 
  both these men should be opposed and removed from power asap . 
  who knows what he 's going to do ? 
  he 's a clown , a liar and a loose cannon surrounded by brainless family members , fascists and buffoons . 
  he is willing to scream hate about muslims and mexicans to baying crowds . 
  he 's a demagogue and a media whore . 
  or just `` dividend yield '' . 
  is this a list of the most profitable banks in europe ? 
  if so , what 's the point exactly of this post ? 
  half of britain wants europe without the europeans . 
  idiot !, 
  trump thinks you 're muslim scum .
