  not this though . 
  this historical xenophobia is not comparable to what trump is doing today . 
  give me a break . 
  the whole world was racist like this , including europe . 
  the op was making it look like the us is somehow different in this regard . 
  it 's just absurd to claim that what trump is doing is somehow inherently american . 
  trump is a freak show , but let 's not lose touch with reality : the us has welcomed refugees and immigrants for all its history . 
  who are these morons who send stocks and currencies soaring or crashing every time trump or one of his winged monkeys makes a public statement about something ? 
  interesting points ( perhaps ) , but what does this have to do with / r/europe ? 
  try / r/politics . 
  or / r/brigading . 
  i assume there was no discrimination against the english ... so , yes , they were pro-european as well . 
  it 's a stupid op . 
  everyone knows our ancestors were racist . 
  and it says nothing about europe . 
  it does n't belong here . 
  i wish they would post the names of these men so that we could inundate them , their families , their friends and their employers with our comments . 
  how is this anti-european ?? 
  this is a comment about the us . 
  it does n't really belong on / r/europe . 
  racism , yes . 
  but everyone was racist back then , including the europeans . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  yankee discovers europe ... 
  but he 's right : the american secretary of education is a creationist . 
  this thread is meant to make turkish officials look right wing and uneducated . 
  it 's right to point out that they are not the only ones . 
  where is your god now ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  thank god the uk is leaving . 
  well , look at the uk . 
  what on earth is going on there ? 
  and italy . 
  this helps you to understand italy . 
  fascinating . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it seems to be appropriately named and a valid e-mail address . 
  by the way , since i seem `` retarded '' to you , i 'm blocking you . 
  i know you 're probably 14 years old , but that 's no excuse . 
  you can sightsee the brandenburg gate without detouring to the memorial . 
   i somehow really am not sure anymore if at this point i 'm not just getting trolled . 
  now i 'm thinking that the german government does not have a proper holocaust memorial . 
  they should close this and develop something more fitting . 
  or maybe fence it off , charge entry money and force male visitors to cover their heads . 
   but you definitely do n't have any right to shame people publicly through the internet just like this guy does . 
  television shows , reddit , youtube channels and entire websites are filled with photographs and videos shaming people for stupid , disrespectful , criminal and asocial activity . 
   actually i am pretty sure ( 100 % ) that all the people depicted have the right to at least get a cease and desist order against his site . 
  all they have to do is ask the guy . 
  he said he would take the pics down . 
   as the main focus of the picture the depicted still has the rights to the foto . 
  in germany , yes . 
   yep , we obviously do and if you would feel compelled to tell me what to do there , as a berliner , i would kindly tell you to fuck off ( as is tradition in berlin ) . 
  because your moral compass is not objectively better than mine . 
  berliners wag their fingers at each other all day . 
  if you told me to fuck off , i 'd just find a police officer . 
  and if he or she let you do it , well , so be it . 
  show your disrespect . 
  but if a memorial to the murdered jews of europe is now a place for assholes to show their disrespect , maybe it would be better for my blood pressure never to go there again . 
    `` people are going to picnic in the field . 
  children will play tag in the field . 
  there will be fashion models modeling there and films will be shot there . 
  i can easily imagine some spy shoot 'em ups ending in the field . 
  what can i say ? 
  it 's not a sacred place '' what does he mean by `` the field '' ? 
  how can he say it is n't a `` sacred space '' ? 
  who is he to make that determination . 
  it 's partially subjective . 
  it does n't matter what he thinks . 
  we 're talking at cross-purposes . 
  i 'm talking about `` privacy '' . 
  you 're talking about the `` right to privacy relating to an image '' . 
  this is a matter of german law , not eu law . 
  the laws differ from country to country . 
  germany does have laws about photographs of people ( even in public ) , but all the artist has to do is to take them down when asked . 
  he expressly offers to do that . 
  we have the right to shame each other publicly if we do n't like what they 're doing . 
  i have no problem telling people in public to behave . 
  shaming people over the internet is very common . 
  whole television programmes and youtube channels are devoted to it . 
  people who get shamed for criminal , asocial or foolish behavior in public deserve it . 
  we differ about this memorial and what it means to be respectful . 
  i think walking respectfully in and through the memorial is ok . 
  but climbing on it , being boisterous around it , having fun and running through it are disrespectful . 
  your thoughts should be elsewhere -- that 's why it is a `` memorial '' . 
  it 's not some cool urban playground . 
  it 's meant to be a somber reminder of one of the greatest horrors of history . 
  the artist essentially forces you , while doing your everyday things in the midst of this great city , to calm yourself and remember the horror . 
  if some people are unwilling or unable to participate in this public memorial , they should stay away . 
  or at least not take pictures of themselves disrespecting the place . 
  you give up your privacy the minute you are in public . 
  well , [ this ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2014/07/29/arts/submuseums/submuseums-videosixteenbynine1050.jpg ) is what it is like now . 
  yes , but i did n't say they could n't be removed . 
  my point is that you forfeit your own privacy once you publish a photo on the internet . 
  every photo on the internet can be copied . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i read the artist 's explanation . 
  he makes it clear there that he 'll remove the photos on request . 
  well , whatever the right is in this context , the artist offered to remove the photos on request . 
  so there would be nothing to litigate . 
  however , this is a pretty cool way to get people to treat this memorial with respect .
