  here 's a [ list ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles/wealth-management/121515/top-10-european-tax-havens.asp ) . 
  we 're just good at it . 
  it 's legal . 
  nothing for the prosecutors to investigate here . 
  i assure you our work force is very , very expensive . 
  maybe you 're thinking of the uk ? 
   fraudalent companies that operate in ee have bases either in tax heavens in carribean or in we , for instance in netherlands . 
  they should close those tax havens , i agree . 
  again , a huge issue for the british . 
  i assure you the netherlands is more of a `` tax hell '' than a `` tax heaven '' , for individuals at least . 
  i do n't know what fraudulent companies you 're talking about , but if you mean tax shelter companies ( mailbox companies ) set up in the netherlands by large companies to avoid paying tax , that 's a game that slovakia can play too . 
  you might be right that we should shut that down , but it 's not going to happen if it brings in money and it 's legal . 
  is the purpose of this new eppo to close this kind of thing down ? 
  it 's perfectly legal . 
  it 's not something that would be the subject of criminal prosecution . 
  i 'm not sure why you raised this issue in this context . 
  you 're making a good point . 
  but if the slovakian government is engaged in criminal activity , why the fuck is slovakia part of the eu ? 
  this enrages me and makes me want to do stupid things like register a protest vote against ukraine . 
  the idea behind the eu was for every country to be like germany , not for every country to turn into greece . 
  we should have grown more slowly and been very strict in who we let in . 
  i personally think the eppo would be a good idea . 
  if you 're talking about the government doing things to try to co-opt wilders 's supporters , i 'm afraid that 's how democracy works . 
  it 's a pretty transparent situation . 
  no lying is necessary . 
  let 's hope it succeeds . 
   i do n't think you get what the eppo is . 
  i do n't . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm just offering an off-the-cuff comment on what rightists/populists might be feeling about this . 
   i think `` feeling '' has completely replaced `` thinking '' when it comes to the eu . 
  not just the eu . 
  we 're in a post-truth , post-thinking world now . 
  brexit and trump have shown us how it can go too far , but there is still this deep resentment at islam , at eastern european immigration and at southern europe for not pulling its economic weight . 
   center of vat fraud in europe and a bane to german prosecutors who see companies use the netherlands as a tax shelter . 
  link , please . 
  i 'm just trying to explain the feeling . 
  everyone agrees the eu needs massive reform . 
  but introducing a new super-prosecutor 's office is going exactly in the wrong direction . 
  why do the dutch need eu prosecutors ? 
  corruption is not an issue here . 
  why should extra money be spent on that ? 
  why ca n't the romanians control crime and corruption on their own , like a normal country ? 
  if it 's a country struggling with crime and corruption , why the fuck was it admitted into the eu in the first place ? 
  i 'm afraid many dutch people do n't really want eastern europe or southern europe in the eu at all . 
  there 's a feeling that the whole thing has become a shit show . 
  the one country they do want in is the uk . 
  it 's not `` someone '' . 
  it 's the british media . 
  and sometimes the american media . 
   there 's a growing trend among the ango-american media to prophesize the end of the eu yes , i 'm glad i 'm not the only one annoyed by this . 
  none of what you 're saying is wrong . 
  however , the practical situation is rather more complicated than the rules and principles you 're quoting . 
  things are decided on a case by case basis . 
  do you think asylum seekers entering the uk through france are all returned to france ? 
  but let 's get back to the original point : are you saying it 's `` illegal '' ( not my word , by the way ) for someone to claim asylum in the uk or elsewhere because they 've travelled through an intermediate country ? 
  or more in general , do you think there is something `` illegal '' about the asylum process ? 
  the other poster 's point was that they were coming to the uk `` illegally '' . 
  or back to the original point : are you saying that the family of this rich fuck should be given special benefits because they 're his family , because they have money and because they are able to marshall the lawyers and media in their favour ? 
  but i 'm bowing out of this discussion , because the tone of this thread is strident and the group think here is decidedly anti-refugee . 
  the deportation comment did n't apply to him , ffs . 
  are you having a hard time keeping up ? 
  the point is that this man wants special concessions for his family , and he 's rich enough to force the government to give them . 
  it 's not illegal to choose the country of asylum . 
  whether they should have sought asylum internallly or in an intermediate country is considered during the claim process . 
  the point is that rich people married to wealthy britons should go thru the same process as everyone else . 
  it is not illegal to claim asylum, 
  the rich do n't get deported they have already given him concessions . 
  rich guy is angry that the government does n't bend the rules for him and his family . 
  so he litigates and complains to the media ... 
  in the meantime , the poor are being deported and living in camps trying to get into the uk . 
  two-track britain, 
  the poster is from `` londonium '' . 
  the article was published in the uk press . 
  i 'm tired of all the posts from the us saying the euro is doomed . 
  this is rich , coming from a country that has decided to experiment with fascism for a few years . 
  and now we have to read endless articles comparing everything in europe to trump . 
  i 'm tired of all the posts from the uk period . 
  they can just leave the eu . 
  they have never been truly part of the eu project . 
  they can just leave asap and forever shut up about the eu . 
  the eu is an effort of political will on the part of europeans . 
  it 's not going to disintegrate . 
  the british and the americans have a hard time understanding that because they are navel gazers . 
  i suppose the issue here is the way that the anglo-american media conduct themselves . 
  they sensationalise everything . 
  they make it sound like the eu and the euro are doomed . 
  you do n't see this intense level of anti-european chatter in the eu itself . 
  i 'd be happier if this sub did n't have articles from the british or american media . 
  i do n't believe this figure . 
  i guess he 's referring to cash in the bank , but still ... 
  just 2 % have ~ ~ less ~ ~ more than 5,000 ? 
  i am not sure i understand this properly . 
  how can this be true ? 
  annoying twat, 
  now 's the time to buy euros, 
  this idiot is wrong . 
  the independent is wrong for reporting this idiot 's opinion . 
  how is this news ? 
  the london redditor who posted this opinion piece is wrong for posting it .
