lol this played out in my head like a polandball comic . 
  agreed . 
  he certainly seemed like a regular student to me . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  nice to see religious life in europe !, 
  these make me feel connected to my fellow humans across the world . 
  thank you for sharing your life . 
  what a weird title . 
  tl ; dr : too many people showed up , excited to try new vegan restaurant . 
  police sent them home . 
  people left . 
  owner was happy with successful opening . 
  this was wonderful !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  your pizza terrifies me !, 
  i know lots of people are complaining , but it sure is beautiful , though . 
   thanks for sharing !, 
  beautiful city . 
  i 'd love to live there one day . 
  maybe the eu could arrange some kind of deal with china to develop and encourage esperanto use . 
  that would be fun and useful for trade and good relations !, 
  it does make me second guess my desire to emigrate to europe , but then i try to remember that reddit gon na reddit and is not a fair representation of real life . 
  damned if they do , damned if they do n't . 
  lol that was hilarious !, 
  thanks for that !, 
  i do n't speak dutch , but i 'm still so glad that exists . 
  lol love these !, 
  :d i 've enjoyed their past work also , particularly the varoufakis music video . 
  show them that it is n't possible . 
  not in the honest romania you believe in . 
  you can have both , you know . 
  esperanto can into europe now ? 
  please do n't hold it against us . 
  :( my country is bi-polar and currently off its meds . 
  please continue to reason with / u/feelthekek . 
  i 'm confident it will be worth your time , and that he will eventually see the error of his ways . 
  haha , sounds like it was a mutually agreeable situation !, 
  this is spot on . 
  should be higher . 
  and i live in ma and am seeking ordination . 
  i think what 's nice is that , ostensibly , hopefully , we live together in peace and cooperation to better society despite our differences . 
  i would hope it 's the same in europe , although reading this sub sometimes i 'm not so sure . 
  but i just chalk it up to youth and internet culture . 
  indeed . 
  including their religiosity . 
  in fact , many came because they believed their churches back home were n't devout enough !, 
  practice of religion is deeply tied to american history , and that cultural quality continues to this day . 
  perhaps somehow culturally , but does n't look like much beyond that . 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  i love these . 
  it 's a nice connection of regular folk around the world . 
   lovely city !, 
  i hope that wo n't be the case , but i appreciate your warning . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  sorry you 've had a rough go . 
  did you have some bad experiences ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  i do my best to not let the banter or impotent reddit rage tarnish my view of europeans . 
  not saying that 's what you 're judging them by , btw . 
  i generally try to stay positive and work toward friendships . 
  there 's so much animosity in the world today . 
  wow , corbyn really is taking it hard , huh ? 
  that 's ok , i never used or implied america to mean the usa exclusively . 
  trollie has a general issue with someone that is n't actually here right now . 
  but since i have a us flair i guess it 's just easier to make me into an effigy . 
  neat , thanks !, 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  yes , i know about the issues that arise from us citizens thinking of themselves exclusively as americans . 
  but , at least in my lifetime , we were taught that there are seven continents , separating north and south . 
  i wonder how common that teaching is around the world and in the americas . 
  i also wonder if it 's an issue with local reference . 
  from europe , saying america to mean all that land mass out west can make sense as a general `` us '' in comparison to `` them over there . '', 
  but saying `` america '' from this side is very vague . 
  people will either assume the us , for various reasons , or immediately ask you to clarify because it 's unclear . 
  it 's a lot of land and culture and history . 
  i 've gathered , yeah . 
  but it 's not always clear depending on one 's cultural perspective . 
  username checks out . 
  ah , interesting !, 
  thanks for that !, 
  good to know !, 
  thanks !, 
  i was n't sure what he was talking about , hence the joke . 
   when speaking about the american continents , we tend to say `` the americas '' since there are two of them . 
  i 've never heard america used to refer to both , but it could be a thing people do . 
  i have heard `` the americas '' though , since there are two of them . 
  good to know , as i 'd generally prefer to live in utrecht over amsterdam . 
  hoping to take a trip out this year or next . 
  no worries !, 
  best to you !, 
  ok , did someone suggest becoming a citizen of germany though ? 
  i may have missed that . 
  you can learn the language without becoming a citizen . 
  how do you think that would happen , precisely ? 
  best to start sooner rather than later then !, 
  especially if he 's looking at the rest of his life . 
   in case i 'd move to america so , is that the usa , north or south american continents , or both ? 
  right now considering the netherlands primarily . 
  maybe amsterdam as i 'm looking at work there , but possibly utrecht if i do n't mind the commute . 
  will probably retire in italy .
