  will also visit family in italy . 
  haha , no , just generally more aligned with european social/political values than american . 
  let 's say that i 'd rather contribute as a citizen to the development of the eu project than the us . 
  you may want to make learning german a very high priority in your life . 
  it will make your experience there much better , for work and integration . 
  italy . 
  great grandparents came to the us from sicily at the turn of the century and never renounced citizenship . 
  been working on the process for a little over a year and very close to completion . 
  i 'm still some years behind you . 
  hope to get my citizenship sorted out this year . 
  slowly but surely !, 
  `` it 's so ... beautiful ... '' @_ @ i 'm sure there are problems and room to grow , but i 'd much rather have your problems than mine . 
  : /  perhaps one day ... 
  man , i need to move to this country . 
  this is the kind of place i want to contribute to as a citizen . 
  local news ? 
  yes !, 
  was it enjoyable ? 
  we need get europe more into torrenting rips of their unique content , 
  bbca could do , but it 's up to the people doing the lineup . 
  netflix too i suppose , but they do have a lot of foreign material , which is great . 
  here 's hoping !, 
  there was another show previously that i wanted to see but could never find . 
  sort of a europol show . 
  ca n't recall the name now unfortunately . 
  love it !, 
  now to figure out how to get this stateside ... 
  i yearn for this political system . 
  i think he 's saying that ikea by itself is also an example of european cooperation . 
  probably massachusetts . 
  sorry you 're getting downvoted . 
  these people know nothing about religion . 
  you are correct . 
  that sounds more on the side of reason than much of the rhetoric i hear these days coming out of both the right and left . 
  we need to be able to discuss all things dispassionately . 
  i 'm a centrist , but that does n't really make sense . 
  it 's basically hypocritical to claim to be tolerant of other ways of thinking , except those who think differently from me because those people like to divide people , so we should then divide them out . 
  if the left wants to try and claim some kind of moral highground , you have to be better than those you oppose , not mimic them . 
  it 's pretty standard practice . 
  there 're movements that want more direct democracy , but they only really make a big stink when they lose . 
  the electoral college has n't voted yet . 
  probably the first time in my life i 'm legitimately wondering what they will do . 
   there 's no hypocrisy here . 
  politicians lie , people lie . 
  it is normal . 
  unfortunate , but not surprising . 
  i 'm very happy for you that rutte is an honest man . 
  that is commendable and desirable . 
  yes , trump is abominable . 
  it 's horrifying and scary , the implications here for the future . 
  but the solution is not to drop the jackboot on people as if that would solve the problem . 
  we do enough of that kind of approach with the war on < insert undesirable thing here .  pvv basically proves my point . 
  despite your speech laws they may get a lot of support . 
  so these far right ideas flourished anyway , they just adjust their rhetoric depending on how much they can get away with by law . 
  the real check and balance comes in parliament because they will have a hard time forming a coalition . 
  if our electoral and political system had better checks and balances we would n't be in this mess . 
  as for the us congress , the dems will certainly oppose trump . 
  some reps will , but others will just ride his coattails opportunisticly to try and get what they want . 
  reps have a majority though in both the house and the senate . 
  it looks bleak . 
  we 're probably just at an impasse here . 
  you think the solution is for the state to force these people to be silent . 
  that 's authoritarian . 
  full stop . 
  if that 's how you want to roll , hey , you be you , but as someone who is working toward eu citizenship i find it very disconcerting . 
  i 've no interest in being accused of wrongthink . 
  i think it 's much more sensible to simply have a system of governance that is properly balanced to not allow such fringe elements to secure power . 
  good talk , though . 
  be well , no hard feelings !, 
  ps : regarding breitbart , what are you afraid of ? 
  just pass laws to silence them . 
  ;p :d just banter . 
  username checks out . 
  eeeehhh , really ? 
  it 's a little different , someone breaking my arm or making fun of my mom , or my faith . 
  do you guys not have the saying : `` sticks and stones will break my bones , but words can never hurt me . '', 
  i 'm surprised how much people here look to the state to protect their sensibilities . 
  no , that was definitely the voting system . 
  the reps split the vote by primarying , like , 16 candidates or whatever ridiculous number it was . 
  trump was winning with less than 20 % of the vote . 
  80 % of rep voters preferred not trump . 
  it was absurd . 
  it just steam-rolled from there . 
  distasteful as his rhetoric is , it 's really about the numbers . 
  numbers wise , if we had almost any other system , trump would have collapsed early . 
  but here we are . 
  interesting . 
  yeah , here , it 's basically always the aggressors fault . 
  violence is n't called for unless in physical defense . 
  words , mockery , do n't justify it . 
  so the muslim would be in the wrong here in the us . 
  we expect people to have self control . 
  it 's not illegal here to be a jerk . 
  maybe unwise , rude , in poor taste , but not a crime . 
  well , i continue to try and get to know euro countries better without judging them too quickly . 
  they can have a reputation here in the us for over-reaching nanny state , big-brother-esque policies . 
  i do n't think those examples are very good . 
  as i said , media responsibility is different . 
  we did have an entire art exhibit about depicting mohamed in texas . 
  we have different standards about nudity and violence in the us than in europe , but no , i would n't call that `` suppression . '',
