  i 'd like to point out is that your anology about johnny can be used to describe most leftists as well . 
  another thing i disagree with is the concept that leftists are inherently more educated , intelligent and generally more enlightened than other people . 
  it comes across as pretty arrogant from my point of view . 
  especially the educated bit . 
  sure , a lot of college people have leftist views , but you have to take into account that a lot of them study things like gender studies , liberal arts and other things that i , as a stem-field student , regard as borderline pseudoscience at best , and leftist indoctrination at worst . 
  thus from my viewpoint , having an education in those fields does n't per se mean you have an education , so to speak . 
  tl ; dr : the arrogance bit is the worst about leftists . 
  i do n't really expect a leftist to use proper logic , but fuck it . 
   lol , thanks for proving my point . 
  how 's that ? 
  no , their problem is that people are getting smarter . 
  people are waking up to the fact that mass immigration from underdeveloped cultures may not be in their best interest . 
  claiming that multiculturalism is awesome with little to no hard evidence , and saying that if you do n't agree with that , it 's because you are n't clever enough is a great way to look like a condescending prick . 
  that is why the left is failing . 
  in sweden , we call them `` ensamkommande flyktingbarn '' , unaccompanied refugee children . 
  funny thing is , most of them are neither unaccompanied , refugees or children . 
  i really do n't see the problem . 
  norway will still process asylum requests . 
  the reason they 're building the fence is so migrants have to actually apply for asylum at the border , and not sneak in undocumented . 
  if these people have reasons for asylum as they say , what 's the problem ? 
  fitting . 
  wait , what 's this ? 
  why would most of europe celebrate indian independence when britain does n't even do it , the one country with any connection to india ? 
  i wonder where the payload goes . 
  look who 's trying to get voters back . 
  ah yes , midsummer , the glorious swedish holiday where we sing silly songs and consume unhealthy amounts of vodka and picked herring . 
  ... come to think of it , that 's every swedish holiday . 
  you speak of human rights conventions as something that ca n't be changed . 
  we wrote them in an age when different conditions applied . 
  we can and should rewrite it to stay up to date with the current situation . 
   and again : what kind of moron would want to be shot in the face . 
  the argument does n't work this way . 
  i 'll make this simple for you . 
  nobody wants to get shot in the face , hence , if migrants arriving to europe would be shot in the face , sooner or later they would stop coming . 
  that is one way to end the refugee crisis . 
  now , there is n't really popular support for such drastic measures yet , but as the migrant problem gets bad enough in europe , that support will come . 
  thus , if you care about human rights , maybe you should use your brain and support policies to avert the crisis before everyone starts voting in nazis ? 
  actually , ideologically speaking , fascism is a middle ground between communism and capitalism . 
   meaning the acceleration of the inevitable downfall of capitalism as theorised by marx and engels . 
  only question is , will it be replaced by islamism or fascism . 
  because it sure as hell wo n't be marxism . 
  when i see infographs like this , i compare the numbers between denmark and sweden , and if sweden 's better , i upvote . 
  also , is a decline in housing sales a bad thing , given the fucked up housing market ? 
  langley send their regards . 
  how about we respect what the european people want ? 
  so the obvious solution is rewrite these human rights regulations . 
  or just ignore them like the rest of the world . 
  well that 's rich , coming from a turk . 
  this terrorist did n't , but if the islamist enviroment is allowed to thrive , there 's going to be more terrorists . 
  revoking the residence permit of islamists is a good first step . 
  not for their politics , at any rate . 
  that 's one way to view democracy i guess . 
  keep calling them imbeciles , i 'm sure that 'll make them reconsider . 
  harder line on crime , immigration and boosting defense spending just so happens to be what our nationalist/populist party , the sweden democrats ( sd ) are all about . 
  the social democrats have been giving them flak for this for years , calling them `` racist and draconian measures '' , and now with a year and change left until the next elections ( with the social democrats predicted to get rekt by sd ) they copy them . 
  pathetic . 
  hey , easy on that shit . 
  you 're not nordic . 
  only nordics get to talk shit about denmark . 
   our welfare system which is arguably the most generous in the eu triggered, 
   the final stages entailed psychological and physical harassment : moving things around at home ( one morning the alarm clock goes off at 5am instead of 7am , and the socks are in the wrong drawer , there 's no coffee left ... ) ...  there 's no coffee left ... fuck stasi, 
  that makes sense , thanks . 
  how is it a violation of freedom of religion to demand that sermons be held in german though ? 
  as far as i know , there 's nothing in the koran that says they have to speak arabic . 
  lots of these mosques hold sermons in turkish already . 
  plus , as the article states , it 's for fostering integration into german society , rather than have turkish or arabic enclaves in germany . 
   ehm , no , because than , you create more and more a law tailord specifically to islam , and that would be against the freedom of religion . 
  which leaves the other option : making * everyone * speak german during sermons . 
  kind of unfair to the jews if you ask me . 
  all the more reason to learn german then . 
  the whole point of german language sermons is to encourage immigrants to integrate into german society . 
  as for the jews : as far as i understand , most jews are completely assimilated into german society . 
  there would be no need to encourage them to speak german in the synagogue . 
  germany does n't have any problems with jewish terrorism ( unless you ask / pol / :p ) , so i guess an exception could be made ? 
  well , all that spahn proposed was that sermons be held in german , and that there should be transparency about what 's going on in mosques so that the more radical ones can be shut down . 
  i 'm curious what you think about hate-speech laws . 
  basically , what they do is limit the freedom of speech of extremists in return for less nutjobs running around + maintaining public decency . 
  it 's basically the same thing going on here . 
  yes , what is said in institutions would be under more control , but it 's for a good reason . 
  or just ban radical islam . 
  hate preachers , known extremist mosques , foreign funding for salafism and wahhabism etc should be shut down . 
  right now it seems the police knows about this , but lack the tools to deal with it properly . 
  should have plenty of public support . 
  i mean , who would be against it ? 
  lots of liberal students hold `` marches for europe '' `` europe wakes up '' okay then ... 
  kebab can not into vienna . 
  sjw 's ? 
  edit : / s just in fucking case . 
  just when you thought the brexit butthurt was receding . 
  am swede , can confirm . 
  our coffee machine at work has been broken for a week . 
  system collapse !, 
  was mostly joking in the / r/the _ schulz / the donald way . 
  relax guys . 
  they 're fake news . 
  go away , the nordics are talking . 
  nobody cares about white slaves . 
  i have an idea . 
  the journalists at bbc can house these migrants in their own upper class , gated communities ? 
  something has changed though : right-wing populism .
