not sure why these eu-related polls all show sweden as a hater . 
  establishment loves the eu . 
  breaking off from pandering to the globalists and spitting on ordinary people would be a good start . 
  unless you make it pan-white nationalism . 
  triggered . 
   which is essentially all of them except some bizarre nordic weirdos sorry , ca n't hear you over all this welfare . 
  ditto if trump wins . 
  10 times that . 
  came to see this . 
  r/europe did not disappoint . 
  oh , you see , we learned from that , and built a city full of hipsters in the way . 
  bring it . 
   the nasty side of the eu is coming out here in brexit , gleefully wishing for failure of the uk to ` teach them a lesson ' . 
  seems to me it 's pro-eu brits doing this , while most of the eu is like `` get out already '' . 
  estonia can not into nordics . 
  yes , resist the new right . 
  your globalist masters command you !, 
   i feel like this sort of populism best works in opposition when you have no resposibilities and you can just blame those in power . 
  once you get elected and actually have to do something , it 's rather impossible to hold on to your principles . 
  which inevitably leads to a disappointment in voters . 
  case in point , the swedish green party :d, 
  ~ desire to invade england intensifies ~ ~, 
       i googled that word and your post is the only result . 
  did you enable potato filter ? 
  danish devil !, 
  so she 's facing resignation calls for saying that immigrants should adapt to their new country and not the other way around ? 
  i think we can all guess what kind of people are making these resignation calls . 
  miss idaho 1935, 
   10th kebab removal ftfy, 
  so you 're telling me , if we do everything possible to accelerate global warming , we get to watch the danish drown ? 
  it 's getting downvoted because it 's obviously a fake article . 
  they still can not into nordic countries though . 
  sure you simply were n't smelling the french ? 
  vilse ? 
  you may not be able to read the temperature in celcius , but you 'll still burn . 
  do n't forget sweden 's sd , who are basically social democrats who are against multiculturalism . 
  the best kind of fascism :d, 
  contempt well deserved . 
  the leftists stabbed their old voting base ( the white working class ) in the back when they went full retard with political correctness . 
  it 's even gotten so far that modern leftists look down on the working class , calling them stuff like `` ignorant , bigoted racists '' . 
  betraying your voter base then spitting on them is not a great way to keep that voter base . 
  sounds a lot more like it 's the leftists who are angry all the time . 
  edit : also , stop calling them refugees . 
  even the leftists in sweden have acknowledged that most of them do n't qualify as refugees . 
  i 'd make the argument that even the ones who were refugees to begin with stopped being it when they arrived in the first safe country . 
  ( ie greece or italy ) a refugee flees war and persecution . 
  if they find themselves in a country without war and persecution , but decide to move on to a richer country , then they 're no longer refugees but economic migrants . 
  just because we could does n't mean we should . 
  they do that because they have no facts . 
  more like alt-right rhetoric goes mainstream across europe . 
  praise kek !, 
  well , i 'm ok with the decline of the left . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  like , i 'm starting to wonder if you really are a leftist . 
  reason being , your whole behavior makes you a perfect campainer for the alt-right . 
  from what i 've seen , the only argument you use is that people who disagree with you or your ideology are stupid . 
  you come across as extremely deluded , arrogant and hateful . 
  do n't you realize how much you 're hurting your own side when people can just point to you and say `` ah , what a typical leftist '' ? 
  you 're not going to win anyone over by just calling everyone retarded you know . 
  personally , i 'm kind of indifferent about the eu . 
  the alt-right party i vote for ( think labour if they were against multiculturalism , and minus the politically correct crap ) wants to leave the eu . 
  if all sweden gets for being in the eu is stupid laws [ ( see every time the eu tries to ban our snuff , crayfish parties or picked herring ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0pj4fivzc ) and gypsy beggars outside literally every food store , atm and recyclement station , it 's easy to see why leaving would make sense . 
  on the other hand , i 'm actually a bit of a federalist in the sense that a strong unified eu ( preferribly ruled by alt-right ideology ) would mean we did n't have to play along with the stupid bullshit that we call us foreign policy , that destabilized the middle east with endless wars and caused the migrant crisis in the first place . 
  so yeah , i 'm kinda meh . 
  yes , everyone who does n't support your glorious ideology is a retard . 
  we 've been over this , you 're fucking deluded . 
  a turk wants to talk about racism ? 
  this is gon na be good ... 
  my point being , r/europe does n't care about your leftist salt over brexit articles . 
  take it to r/uk where it belongs . 
  did n't vote brexit cause i 'm not a uk citizen . 
  downvoted anyway because these leftie tears over brexit-posts are getting old . 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're posting stupid crap nobody cares about . 
  left wing paper , still trying to convince everyone that brexit is gon na bring the apocalypse ? 
  guess what , it happened weeks ago !, 
  get over it . 
  go sulk at r/uk where you belong . 
  so are you pro-eu or what ? 
  because if you are , do you really think that ignoring this problem benefits your agenda ? 
  because a lot of the eu has eurosceptic parties knocking on the door . 
  if the eu were to punish britain for wanting to leave , that would mean the eurosceptics were right . 
  site asking me to remove adblock ? 
  his anti-white views are showing . 
  oh , do get a sense of humor . 
  happy kebab removal day !, 
  like when leftists defend socialism by saying `` that was not real socialism '' ? 
  that being said , if you 're referring to the stuff the nazis did , i 'm actually voting alt-right in order to avoid that . 
  basic reasoning : multiculturalism is weakening the bonds that hold society together . 
  if those bonds get weak enough , the likelyhood of nasty stuff like civil wars , revolution and authoritarian governments happening increases . 
  therefore , i 'm voting for those who oppose multiculturalism . 
  better to change course in time using the tools democracy give us than to stick your head in the sand and deny the problem until things get so bad that people will see a nazi party as a desireable alternative . 
  this . 
   what he 's getting at is what you spelled out in your comments as well , that by voters ` getting smarter ' what you really meant was getting more and more selfish , self-centered and judging ideas exclusively from the standpoint of how it benefits them . 
  your statement is partially correct in that by `` getting smarter '' i meant more self-centered , but i meant on a group level . 
  if a group ( ie white voters ) are starting to feel disadvantaged and borderline targeted by certain policies , in this case leftist ones , it only makes sense that they , as a group , react to these policies . 
  it might be a bit selfish , but i believe that all groups have a right to act in their best self interest . 
  pretty much all groups do it . 
  even the leftists who support politically correct policies do it , even when it 's just in the self-serving goal of feeling good . 
  that 's what the alternative right is all about : it 's defined by its opposition to the parts of modern leftist ideology it percieves as hostile towards itself , white people , and western society in general . 
  ( alternative , as in alternative to the `` regular '' right , who it percieves as being too influenced by said leftist ideology ) again , i believe that in a democratic society , * every * group has a right to act in their own best interest , as long as they do it by the rules .
