  so ... now trump won because of the english language ? 
  i 'm still waiting for them to blame aliens , guys . 
  so what , people are supposed to be voting so the eurosceptics ca n't say the eu is undemocratic , but the eu ( or the media ) do nothing to cover it ? 
  or is this one of those elections where we do n't get to vote , candidates being chosen by our prime ministers or whatnot ? 
   with just days to go in the race for president of the european parliament , the eu cognoscenti in brussels are confronting an unsettling new reality : no one knows who is going to win . 
  i was n't aware there was an election campaign . 
  ironic , considering they 're really antisemitic themselves when it suits them . 
  lol , i 'm not antisemitic . 
  a lot of the globalists are jews , that does not mean all jews are globalists . 
  i 'm actually as pro-israel as they come , for much the same reason liberals hate them : their government is more concerned about protecting their citizens than they are about being politically correct . 
  they do n't take shit from arabs ( they get hit my rockets , they flatten cities , and ( unconfirmed ) during their intervention in the lebanese civil war , the israeli airforce had orders to bomb 10 lebanese apartment blocks for every israeli one destroyed ) and most importantly : they 're really good at pissing off the left :d, 
   soros ' jewishness gets almost zero mention , nor are they alluding at it . 
  a shadowy group of jewish billionaires , funding the liberal agenda in secret ? 
  too easy . 
  praise be !, 
  former pm . 
   it 's quite shameful to demonize people who oppose migration like that . 
  `` victims of the russian disinformation machine '' . 
  that 's liberals for you . 
   pc culture hardly has control of the media , however . 
  it just seems the liberals have bigger issues than the russians . 
  the rise of populism has nothing to do with russia , it 's a counter-reaction to globalisation and the way the liberals try to force their detached worldview down everyones throats . 
  they 're losing control of the narrative , and instead of taking logical steps to fix this , they 'd rather turn up the `` hate-spewing on everyone who disagrees with us '' , the arrogance and the delusion to max , and blame everything from russians , to `` fake news '' ( liberal term for any news that opposes their narrative ) , to ( i genuinely would n't be suprised if they did this next ) fucking aliens . 
  sure , looking yourself in the mirror and admitting your faults is hard , but they 're going to lose if they do n't . 
  i 'm finding myself in a strange position here . . on the one hand , i 'm happy that the liberals are losing control , on the other hand i 'm a bit frustrated that these people make zero efforts to prevent it . 
  that 's why they grouped it together with asians . 
  so instead of recognising the failures of liberalism and taking steps to win back the hearts and minds of the voters who are the real reason `` fringe movements '' are making gains , you want to focus all your efforts on some foreign bogeyman ? 
  you 're going to have to expand your argument a little . 
  they do , that 's the hilarious thing . 
  the arrogance of the liberal mindset is staggering . 
  that 's funny , considering they only have about 5000 members . 
  what did the kkk do in 2016 ? 
  you could do more protectionism . 
  introduce tariffs on imported goods , change tax policies to encourage the return of industrial jobs to the west , that sort of thing . 
  those who get fucked over by globalisation vote for people who oppose globalisation . 
  ** welfare intensifies **, 
  please do * start * another hype train with every fraction of population . 
  especially since they 're the fuckers responsible for funding extremism . 
  we need to find an energy source to replace oil so we wo n't have to put up with their bullshit . 
  why not . 
  why should it be the middle east and europe alone ? 
  spread the diversity !, 
  or ask china to take some . 
  you know , the country with empty , newly built ghost cities everywhere ? 
  yes , and acting all smug while producing no solutions whatsoever has worked great for your side . 
  yes , i 'm on the side of white people . 
  get over it . 
  do n't try to be a smartass . 
  if your point is that if you fuck with human rights , the un will cripple your ass with sanctions , then saudi arabia proves you wrong . 
  besides , it 's not so much `` blantantly ignoring human rights '' as it is wanting to change conventions that were made in a different era and that are no longer suited to the modern world . 
  even you must admit that the system 's being abused . 
  but unlike you who want to stick with a broken system because `` muh human rights '' , i want to update it . 
  you may think i only care about white people 's rights . 
  if i were to answer with the same bigoted viewpoint , i 'd say you cared about everyone but white people 's rights . 
  saudi arabia seems to be doing well . 
  so change the treaty . 
  besides , since when do un sanctions matter ? 
  people who in their actions and words prove themselves enemies of the west . 
  collaborators . 
  out of the country . 
  people like you no longer get to decide what is justified , or true . 
  i 'd be ok with that , if it meant being able to deport scumbags like these . 
  what if you changed the law to make membership of a salafist organization ground for losing your citizenship ? 
   by that reckoning in 20-odd years time germany could be in real trouble if it does n't do a fantastic job of integrating the several million migrants it 's invited to its country in the last year or two . 
  * this is why the argument `` but they were born in this country , so less immigration wo n't stop these attacks '' is retarded . 
  and of course they show a picture of two children . 
  yes , because this year has clearly shown that polls are to be trusted :d, 
  give it a few years . 
   what matters is not the opposition but the government however . 
  you can have people cry as much as they want , they are not the ones making the decisions at the moment . 
  at the moment . 
  ignore the concerns of your voters long enough , those voters are going to find new parties to vote for . 
  the whole `` selling out your people so a few of your friends can enjoy economic advantages '' thing is the mo of the globalist . 
  only a fifth ? 
  if this year has taught you anything , it should be that not everyone shares your political worldview . 
  i know they 're not crippled victims . 
  i came from a poor family , worked a few years in retail , and am now studying engineering physics . 
  as such , i 'm well on my way to becoming part of the economic upper class . 
  that does not mean i 'm willing to spit on my own people though . 
  you asked why that 's a problem . 
  to understand that , you need to take in another perspective . 
  you 're right , from your perspective , but if you were on the `` other side '' , you 'd have a different perspective . 
  that 's why i 'm trying to explain to you how the other side sees things . 
  if you 'd rather be a classist asshole , that 's your choice . 
  so yeah , i feel like i 've explained the problem : rising income inequality and classism creates a hatred for the system that breeds populism . 
  i assume you think populism is a problem , yes ? 
  ( you clearly do n't identify with the people , and you have an eu flag . ), 
  because increasing gap between the rich and the poor , coupled with this condescending attitude people like you have towards the poor is only going to breed resentment . 
  you get revolution , currently manifested in the election of populists all over the place . 
  `` yes , sucks losing your job , but at least you have an iphone '' . 
  21st century version of `` let them eat cake '' . 
  the american version . 
  because if the gains of globalisation goes to a small segment of the population , those who recieve nothing from it ( or lose from it , in the case of the working class ) are going to get pissed off . 
  shh , do n't ruin the butthurt globalist circlejerk !, 
  can you at least give him a chance to actually fuck up before you start doomsdaying ? 
  china is one of the biggest economies on the planet . 
  how many refugees have they accepted ? 
  you do n't need to sell out your own people to stay competitive . 
   does n't matter because she and her party won the popular vote by a massive margin . 
  take into account that hillary had the full support of the establishment , and she lost anyway .
