  what does that tell you ? 
   it 's just a rebranding of identity politics . 
  our side good your side bad ect . 
  what 's the matter , liberals do n't like it when it gets used against you ? 
   angela merkel : a lone defender of globalist values fixed that for you . 
  first of all , he has n't even taken office yet , so your opinion that he 's going to fuck everything up is just that , opinions . 
  what you do n't seem to realize is that the people who vote for populists are the ones who have been fucked over by globalist politicians for years . 
  if you had a choice between people who completely ignored your problems , and on top of that used really hateful / condescending rethoric against you , and a new guy who brings up problems that you can relate to , who would you pick ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ), 
  d : i missed that . 
  fortunately , i think i picked 3 : rd option anyway . 
  the `` refugees welcome '' crowd might cry racism , but fuck them . 
  not buying into identity politics = / = extremely conservative . 
  he 's probably paid them to . 
  would n't call that extremely conservative . 
  example ? 
  they 're basically social democrats who used to be nazis , who get called nazis by the establishment who used to be social democrats , for putting the interest of swedish workers ahead of foreigners . 
  left side : aftonbladet ( kind of the swedish version of the guardian ) / inizio what party would you vote for if it were parlament election today ? 
  november , change since october . 
  party names , `` others '' . 
  right side : `` if it was parlament election today , which party would you vote for ? '', 
  also `` but which party are you leaning towards the most ? 
  '' , all parties in parlament and their logos , and on the right the crazy identity politics feminist party who can not into parlament , included for unknown reasons . 
  mostly the latter . 
  you sure ? 
   a war not about football ftfy . 
  who needs sunshine when you have welfare ? 
  not sure about that . 
  most guardian articles that have been linked here have been extremely biased . 
  you mean the polish version of the guardian ? 
  only nordics get to talk shit about denmark . 
  i guess they developed inferiority complex from watching sweden deal with terrorists , and decided to one-up us ? 
  b-but r/europe told me that ngo 's collaborating with human traffickers was far-right propaganda !, 
  `` but how can we make it * more * evil looking ? '', 
  well , to all the people who voted for this guy , or worse , allowed him to win by abstaining from voting at all : well done . 
  i mean , fuck . 
  the guy is literally an ex-rothschild investment banker , what did they expect ? 
  on a side note , what was up with that low election turnout in the 2 : nd round anyway ? 
  did the people who did n't want macron just give up ? 
  edit : i 'm not nessesarily saying they should have voted le pen , but if they did n't want macron , why did n't they at least vote for the old parties to prevent him from getting that supermajority ? 
  i get that he would probably still have won , but at least there 'd be more balances if the other parties were bigger . 
  i do n't think this sub is a fan of right wing extremists either . 
  nice whataboutism . 
  fascists knew how to dress . 
  antifa : making fascism look good since 1985 . 
  i see what you did there . 
  explain to me how it 's good for the eu to take in migrants who have no chance at integrating into our societies , so good that the eu is willing to risk member states leaving over their agenda to keep accepting migrants ? 
  not to be `` that guy '' , but so long as the voters of europe elect pro-immigration parties , we 'll get immigration . 
  it 's not rocket science what needs to be done . 
  they 're what some people refer to as `` cuckservatives '' . 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see comments bashing danes , i upvote them . 
  the master programs are usually in english . 
  the rest ? 
  nope . 
   and a man who is basically a stereotypical finnish drunkard true finns indeed . 
  about 1.5 olympic swimming pools of the stuff . 
  i think the low election turnout speaks for itself . 
  differerences in media coverage and voter turnout combined with that most people see themselves as citizens of their home state first and european citizens second means you just ca n't compare national and eu elections . 
  you know this , but if you 're the eu federalist type , it wo n't matter to you and further discussion is a waste of time . 
  democratic enough for a minority is not democratic enough . 
  copypasted bits from https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-union/organisational-structure/political-leadership_en:  every five years , the european council - made up of eu heads of state and government - proposes a commission presidential candidate to the european parliament . 
   this candidate for president is proposed based on the political makeup of the parliament following european parliament elections ; typically , they will be chosen from the largest political family in the parliament . 
   if an absolute majority of members of parliament support the nominee , he or she is elected . 
    the president-elect selects potential vice-presidents and commissioners based on suggestions from eu countries . 
  the list of nominees has to be approved by all eu heads of state or government , meeting in the european council . 
   each nominee must appear before the parliamentary committee with responsibility for his or her proposed portfolio . 
  committee members then vote on the nominee 's suitability for the position . 
  once the 27 nominees have been endorsed , parliament as a whole votes whether or not to approve the entire team . 
  following parliament 's vote , the commissioners are appointed by the european council . 
  the commission is not elected by the people . 
  people vote for parties in national and eu elections , after which the people have no say in it . 
  the commission is essentially the eu government . 
  while it 's true that national governments are elected by parliament and not by the people , national governments are a lot easier for the people living in that nation to change by voting for a different party next election . 
  tl ; dr : the commission is just way far back on the human centipede of democracy to really be accountable to the voters . 
  it 's * technically * democratic , but at the same time ( given the difficulty for ordinary voters to actually affect the process ) i would n't exactly call it democratic . 
  this creates a ( real or percieved is matter of debate ) deficit of democracy which fuels euroscepticism . 
  whatever he does , someone will try to spin it as the end of the world . 
  i 'm no expert on hacking , but how hard would it really be to set up a proxy server in russia to make them take the blame if the hacking is uncovered ? 
  well . 
  he 's against brexit . 
  also : https://www.thejc.com/news/uk-news/jeremy-corbyn-my-jewish-ancestry-1.58487, 
  he 's pro-eu and jewish , so r/europe will defend him . 
  i once asked an american to pronounce g\u00f6teborg ( swedish name for it ) . 
  i laughed my ass off for 5 minutes . 
  thought you guys had an excemption ? 
  our politicians were retarded : signed the treaty and * then * held a referendum on adopting the euro , which ended in a slim nope . 
  apparently so , this time provided by state media :d :d to be fair though , the correction only said that the eu * wants * all countries to accept the euro by 2025 . 
  i think this hit the swedish state news today . 
  `` eu-leak : sweden must adopt the euro by 2025 '' . 
  so far , all reactions i 've heard have ranged between `` hell no '' and `` hell no , swexit when ? '' . 
  well done . 
  what a surprise . 
  anti-establishment in the sense of challanging the status quo : runaway neoliberalism . 
  at least he campaigned on that , like 2008 obama before him . 
  ( hope and * change * , anyone ? ), 
  perhaps he has since been put on a leash by the establishment ( like 2012 obama ) . 
  this guy puts it pretty well , 1 minute 42 seconds forward : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs7g9txut50 you have to realize that most of the supporters of the anti-establishment movement are actually pretty leftist ( in the classic working class sense , not the sjw bullshit ) who support it because they 're the only ones who care about good old glass struggle , the workers vs the elite , in a world where neoliberalism has led to a dramatic increase in the wealth and power of the elite and the workers are getting fucked by the negative impact of globalisation . 
  traditional leftist parties are a non-option because they 've folded , exchanged protectionism and support for the working class for neoliberalism and identity politics bullshit . 
  ( identity politics being a ploy by the man to divide and conquer the people ? ),
