  every group has their own special snowflakes . 
  black lives matter have people proposing white genocide , does that mean we should see their whole movement as a racist hate group because of them ? 
  should we judge femininism as a movement because a few of them fit the label of `` feminazi '' ? 
  islam for isis ? 
  it 's a stupid argument . 
  until you give me proof that donald is a racist , i wo n't be convinced that he is , no matter how much the media wishes it . 
  so far the only concrete things in that general direction is him wanting to build a border wall to prevent illegal immigration , and temporarily prevent people from some middle eastern countries from entering the us , both of which i see as sensible . 
  i think he is . 
  he 's just not interested in a liberal world . 
  except he campaigned on not interfering with other countries . 
  maybe those were liberal values once , now they 're all about globalisation , multiculturalism and identity politics . 
  and the people who support those values are a minority . 
  what 's this `` mexico is part of the eu '' thing ? 
  as if that was n't obvious from all the salt the guardian prints, 
   absolutely !, 
  the only way to do so is to build a strong high-tech industry in europe that will provide a high standard of living to all europeans who are committed to the core values of europe . 
  and the rest can go fuck themselves , right ? 
  you know the people that stand up for what liberals call european values are a minority , right ? 
  pissing off the majority wo n't help you . 
  if the eu is to survive , it needs to be beneficial to all its citizens , not just cosmopolitan liberals . 
  well , i can safely say my source of liberal salt is secure for the next 4 years . 
  you mean getting foreign nations to pay for their own expenses ? 
  human rights do not include the right to recieve abortions in the us . 
  unless she thought the increased support from the open borders , refugees welcome crowd would be worth it . 
  most politicians only care about staying in power . 
  also , if you take in the other guy 's perpective , you know how they think . 
  might lead to understanding and less hatred , or `` know your enemy '' at the very least . 
  i 've found a lot of liberals have no idea at all why populism is on the rise . 
  they blame fake news and russian hackers . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  they should n't be suprised though , he said he was going to cancel or re-negotiate all the trade treaties during his campaign . 
  in my opinion , if you allow the guardian , you should allow rt as well , simply because having just one perspective on complex issues is bad . 
  both sides have biases , the path to an accurate picture comes from taking in as many sources as possible and forming your own opinion . 
  your tinfoil hat is showing . 
  a fair point . 
  you must understand that when i talk about populism , i 'm talking about it in the sense of putting the interest of ordinary people first ( working and middle class ) ahead of the interests of the elite . 
  in my view , populism is good , because i believe the whole point of a government is to promote the interest of their people , and any bad reputation that populism has is just a cheap attempt at slander by people who have no real arguments . 
  dude , trump was elected on a platform of opposing the economic system/social order . 
  there is no strict `` left wing populism good , right wing populism bad '' division as you seem to suggest . 
  populism is seen as bad by people who benefit from the current social order , period . 
  which is ironic , because traditionally leftist ideology is populist as fuck too . 
  on the side of the people vs `` the man '' . 
   whether democracy can survive the rise of right-wing populism . 
  how is the rise of right-wing populism a problem for democracy ? 
  it 's an expression of democracy . 
  people are supporting movements that support their interests , as it 's always been . 
  trying to spin the rise of populism as a problem for democracy just because you 're on the side that benefits from the status-quo just show you 're a bad loser . 
  because some liberal students made a cringy protest ? 
  the core is about the size of czech republic , northern half is basically our version of siberia . 
  also take into account that farms produce less food per area further north . 
  harder to feed a big population . 
  dude , have you noticed how the eu does pr ? 
  they probably tried to advertise it :p, 
  did you even watch the link before commenting ? 
  i could replace populist with liberal if i wanted to be rude . 
  then the left needs to go back to their basics and become better populists . 
  leftist ideology is traditionally populist , prioritizing the interests of the working class over the rich . 
  way i see it , even if the current populists are corrupt , power hungry maniacs ( i do n't agree , but let 's assume that 's the case ) , they fill a good function by creating the incentive for other parties to be more populist . 
  ( be more populist or lose all your votes ) . 
  it 's win-win . 
  people should read stuff from all sides regardless of political viewpoint or they 'll end up bigots . 
  you know all the populists want is politicians who listen to ordinary people 's concerns , right ? 
  this is a win for everyone . 
  khazakstan prostitutes cleanest in the region !, 
  that 's not the point . 
  neither can russia . 
  that 's a good general rule . 
  i do n't know who this tajani guy is or what he stands for , but judging from the amount of liberal salt in this thread , today was a good day . 
  they 'd just find another foreign bogeyman . 
  turkey probably . 
  they also had civil wars pretty much constantly . 
  more like why multiculturalism is a stupid idea . 
  ( it creates a fragmented society . ), 
  praise be to kek , our liberator !, 
  well , i 'm more of a populist than a nationalist , but maybe i can give you my perspective . 
  first off , eurospepticism does n't automatically mean we want to destroy the eu . 
  it 's merely an acknowledgement that something is severy wrong with it , a sentiment that a lot of people on this sub seem to agree with regardless of political viewpoint . 
  while there are some with my political viewpoint who think it 's broken beyond repair , kill it with fire , there 's many ( myself included ) that see the ( potential ) benefits that the eu gives and want to reform it . 
  first off , the eu needs to stop pandering to big business and international bankers ( see ttip ) and focus on how it can make life better for the working class citizens . 
  maybe then they 'd be more inclined to support the eu . 
  second , every eu official needs to be elected directly by the people they 're supposed to represent , just like national governments . 
  third ( and this one is pretty big ) , the eu needs to make more effort to inform citizens about what they 're doing . 
  case in point : a couple of days ago i saw a thread here about some higher-up eu election , and i had no idea there even was an election , who the competitors were , or what the election was all about . 
  and before i get jumped by the eu-federalist types telling me it 's my fault for being ignorant and that i need to get myself informed on the inner workings of the eu : no . 
  the eu are the ones asking my support , not the other way around . 
  that means they should be the ones making the effort of explaining who they are and why i need them . 
  the burden of proof is on them . 
  but yeah , the eu definately needs to focus more on pr . 
  there should be a few different news channels , web pages , more information through social media , ama 's on reddit , that sort of thing . 
  and before you scream `` but the stupid populist will see that as propaganda , and argue even more for leaving the eu !, 
  while there are a few people who just do n't want anything to do with the eu whatsoever , i think most of us are just facepalming about the utter incompetence of the eu . 
  `` reform it or leave it . '', 
  sweden did n't join the eurozone , so i 've got no personal experience there . 
  border-wise : free internal movement only works if the outer border is protected . 
  but a lot of people have already made some good proposals there . 
  important eu institutions should be spread out across the different national capitals . 
  partly to create buerocracy jobs , but mostly to spread a feeling of inclusion . 
  and finally : there needs to be something that all eu citizens can rally around . 
  a sort of pan-eu nationalism . 
  it 's a stupid article .
