  because while in a lot of countries they are n't big enough to form their own governments , they still can influence politics just by being around . 
  example : the way the right-wing in the netherlands adopted some parts of the populist rethoric in order to win , and the way both the ruling center-left coalition and the center-right opposition in sweden have adopted much of our populist `` racist '' party 's stances on immigration and crime since 2015 . 
  the populist parties may not be huge yet , but the `` mainstream '' parties know they can no longer get away with disregarding certain concerns of their voters , because if they do , the populist parties will get increased support . 
  personally i think that keeping governments honest and attuned to the general wish of the people is a good thing for democracy . 
  political correctness and identity politics were n't always the core values of the left though . 
  they used to be all about the working class and varying degrees of socialism . 
  considering they have more seats than last election , are still fairly big and because nobody really expected him to be huge , i 'd say not a lot . 
  certainly nowhere near the amount of salt that has been collected since brexit and trump , at any rate . 
  r/europe is down with kebab removal . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  the what ? 
  nothing found . 
  it is known . 
  * obligatory remove kebab comment *, 
  and you 're one of the few idiots who still believe you can win arguments by dropping the racist card . 
  edit : also , i think you have me confused with mrzakalwe . 
  because trying to make another big free trade pact right now ( lots of elections coming ) would be a bad idea . 
  if you ca n't bring rational arguments to support your opinion , smearing is a lot easier . 
  not so much far left . 
  more like , the left-wing parties in sweden have started doing less working class-rhetoric and more identity politics , while embracing neo-liberalist economic policies . 
  no need to be rude . 
  yes , except it 's not garbage . 
  long read , but worth it . 
  i fapped so hard at this . 
  * swedish cultural oppression intensifies *, 
  no , that 's just how they speak . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks, 
  wtf ? 
  i never said anything about refugees or drowning in a pool of raping foreigners . 
  nor did i say antifa were pro-salafism . 
  i asked if they were , given that they show up to protest against people protesting salafism . 
  so are antifa now pro-salafism , or is this yet another example of them denying the freedom of speech of anyone they do n't like ? 
  i 'd be fine with them holding a counter-protest at a different location , but when they show up at the same place as the protest with the stated purpose of making so much noice that the people who show up for the protest ca n't hear the speakers , that 's just denying freedom of speech . 
  shh , do n't ruin the narrative . 
  it 's fine , they 're doing it to a candidate r/europe does n't like . 
  when macron first announced , there were threads here that literally said `` fresh face macron '' in the headline . 
  okay , let 's go with globalist then . 
  there 's rich people who are for it , and who are against it . 
  better ? 
  a former rothchild banker , former economic minister , yet all the mainstream media outlets tried to paint him as a fresh face distinct from the establishment . 
  i just find the macron worshipping on this sub hilarious . 
  the establishment picked one of their own and overhyped him massively in the media , just like hillary . 
  and r/europe buys it . 
  does n't matter if he 's not offering anything new to them , as long as he 's pro eu and social justice . 
  some even feel they * deserve * a macron win after 2016 . 
  the salt is going to get real if le pen wins . 
  that word gets used so much on this sub in a negative sense . 
  i guess even using it triggers some people . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't see `` it 's not as bad as chicago '' as a valid argument to ignore the problems in malm\u00f6 , even if those problems do n't fit your far left wing narrative . 
  the 2 parties in our government have been supporting large scale immigration for years , so now they 're trying to make it look good . 
  otherwise they 'd have to admit they were wrong . 
  still prefer alt-righters then . 
  more memes , less fat chicks . 
  the account no longer excists because it was banned for posting threats . 
  it 's all in the article . 
  fascism : often capitalized : a political philosophy , movement , or regime ( as that of the fascisti ) that exalts nation and often race above the individual and that stands for a centralized autocratic government headed by a dictatorial leader , severe economic and social regimentation , and forcible suppression of opposition 2 : a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control < early instances of army fascism and brutality -- j. w. aldridge  by that definition , trump 's not a fascist . 
  nor is cassandra fairbanks , or milo . 
  antifa went after them all the same . 
  i could post a multitude of instances where antifa have gone after people whose views do not meet the definition of fascist beyond the two i 've already mentioned , but you 're so biased in this matter that you 're just going to ignore every single source i link because they would contradict your worldview , and whatever extreme leftist blogs you read will never post them for the exact same reason . 
  you got to be willing to absorb diverging opinions , otherwise any attempt at changing your mind is futile . 
  there 's no sense arguing a fanatic , as the saying goes . 
  seriously , start reading what the other side is writing , having such a black and white worldview is really bad for a person 's mental health . 
  anyway , the things about antifa that are relevant to the sa is what i already said a few posts ago : `` harass political opponents , engage in voter suppression/intimidation . 
  they assault people and riot '' antifa does this , so did the sa . 
  i 'm not calling * you * a shill . 
  i 'm sorry if it came across that way . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that people who are lured by the promises of populism do n't exactly trust the establishment and would rather go with the unknown than the assholes they know . 
  i do n't really look at us politics that much , so most of my information about that comes second hand via dank liberal tears . 
  if it seems trump has gone full retard , i look it up , and sometimes i can confirm that he has in fact gone full retard . 
  ( mildly miffed swede reporting in ) but not on all issues . 
  i guess i could say `` they may be wall street establishment , but they 're * our * wall street establishment ! '', 
  :p i have a theory on the enviromental thing though . 
  my theory is that he 's trying to reduce regulations so that he can move a lot of industry back to the us , creating jobs for the people who voted for him . 
  at the expense of the enviroment , true , but the people who support him probably care more about returning jobs than the enviroment . 
  personally i think the us has just as much a right to make industry jobs as any other nation . 
  if you wan na complain about huge polluters , maybe it 's time to look at india and china ? 
  a lot of your ( well , everyone 's ) views come from perspective . 
  if you belonged to the working class you 're gon na have a different perspective on things than if you were a college liberal . 
  i think it 's good for everyone if we can try to see things through the other side 's perspectives instead of just throwing shit at each other . 
  also , the us had a liberal president for 8 years , it 's time to give the other side a voice . 
  as for obamacare . 
  again , i have n't really informed myself about that . 
  all my murican friends tell me it was a disaster though . 
  granted , most of my murican friends voted trump . 
  you got ta remember , they 're americans . 
  they are n't used to dank european communism . 
  can we at least agree it 's generally a good thing when politicians come through on their campaign promises ? 
  i 'll meet you half way and say that politics is both message and implementation . 
  well , a huge reason why populism is on the advance is because `` clean '' parties , if you will , are n't doing that well on the `` getting shit done '' front either . 
  unless you count implementing worker-hostile policies like free trade and immigration . 
  basically , a lot of people would rather go with the devil they do n't know than the devil they know ( the establishment ) , especially considering the people who warn about populists being the `` devil '' belong to the establishment in the first place . 
  i smell a shill . 
  erdogan and putin are autocrats . 
  trump 's only been in office for like 2 weeks , chill . 
  you said that antifa only goes after nazis . 
  i provided proof of the contrary . 
  the berkeley riots at milo yiannopoulos ' speech is another . 
  the issue is that antifa does n't just go after groups that are * objectivly * facist , they go after anyone that * they * believe are facist .
