  enough innocents are getting caught in the crossfire to seriously question the legitimacy of antifa 's cause , another reason being that they use kinda facist methods to fight facism when words would be more effective . 
  if you 'd bothered to open the article you would get the citation . 
  one exposure to information not supporting your personal views wo n't melt your brain . 
  by the looks of things it would actually do you good . 
  anyway , the article 's about a tweet sent by antifa 's arizona chapter . 
  http://imgur.com/a/wn2tu here 's the picture of the tweet . 
  it was sent to journalist , social media personality and trump supporter cassandra fairbanks . 
  if you click the link ( imgur is n't facist , is it ? ), 
  you 'll see that they threathened her and her daughter . 
  this is evidence of antifa threathening non-nazis . 
  unless you seriously believe trump supporters are nazis , in which case skip to the last segment of my latest response . 
  http://redalertpolitics.com/2017/02/06/twitter-bans-anti-trump-group-antifa-threatened-children/ you really should read this . 
  punching nazis is a good thing , but most of the groups that antifa go after are not nazis . 
  it seems that antifa 's defininition of `` facist '' is `` anything more right-wing than us '' . 
  groups like that are a threat to democracy . 
  and if you seriously believe that trump and the people who support him are nazis , you are so extremist that further discussion is pointless . 
  true . 
  i 'm populist and i think that guy 's really obnoxious . 
  just do n't use people like him to slander whole movements kthx . 
  i see myself as a populist . 
  leftists would call me right-wing/altright as fuuuck . 
  but that 's no reason not to engage in a thoughtful discussion . 
  the way i see it , the rise of populism has little to do with xenophobia and nothing at all to do with russians ( no matter what some people butthurt about losing an election want to believe ) it 's a counter-reaction to the last few decades of neo-liberalism . 
  rising income inequalities , rich people only caring about making themselves richer , and the working class gets to take the toll . 
  if i 'm starting to sound like a leftist , i guess i am , so i find the way some people label me a right-wing extremist to be fucking hilarious . 
  leftist ideology is fundamentally populist , in the sense of being on the side of the people as opposed to the elite . 
  so why do n't i support left wing parties you might ask ? 
  it 's because , as i see it , most left-wing parties have taken an ideological shift away from working class politics and towards identity politics . 
  feminism , multiculturalism etc. 
  feminism i 'm ok with , i just do n't see gender equality as a prioritized issue because i live in , if not * the * , then at least one of the most gender equal country in the world . 
  multiculturalism on the other hand i see as fundamentally bad idea , for reasons i wo n't elaborate on here . 
  ( i believe it creates unstable societies . ), 
  more than that , i believe large-scale immigration from non-western countries is not in the interest of the working class , and that the reason the elite \u2122 supports it is so they can flood the job market with cheap labor , to dump wages and destroy the power of unions . 
  hence why i 'm against it . 
  anyway , i guess i can say i 'm not voting for left-wing parties because i feel most `` left-wing '' parties have betrayed their ideological and voter base in favor of sjw stuff , and those who remain true leftists are too small/inactive to really make a difference . 
  thing is , decades of neo-liberalism has created a popular backlash , but true leftist parties have completely failed to capitalize on this . 
  instead parties who in the 90s could be described as semi-facist have swooped in and taken the role of `` making the working class great again baby . '', 
  personally i do n't really care who brings the message , just that it gets out there . 
   it 's even funnier when angsty kiddies from safely middle class families take the task of proselytization upon themselves without ever experiencing the woes they warn against themselves . 
  so basically , alt-righters are the conservative version of sjw 's ? 
  and the more militant antifa group harass political opponents , engage in voter suppression/intimidation . 
  they assault people and riot , and justify their actions as `` the people we attack are facists , so fuck the democratic process in their case '' . 
  basically the extreme left 's version of brownshirts . 
  i do n't condone these methods as a political method , regardless of the affiliation of the victims of these attacks . 
  do you ? 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  they wo n't support the rioters directly , but they 'll make excuses for their behavior ( `` they 're rioting because of socio-economic status , so the rioters are n't responsible for their actions '' ) and abstain from giving the police a bigger budget and change legislation to give police more tools to deal with the troublemakers , despite the political climate being such that the government could easily do so . 
  i think the reason antifa get called the new facists is because their methods are straight from the brownshirt playbook . 
  mostly social intequality actually . 
  if you have a system that only benefits the elite , the rest of the population will eventually stop supporting it . 
  highly effective trolling :d, 
  thing is , media and the government are on the side of the rioters . 
  if the police were to get tough on these people , they 'd get shut down . 
  yet another example of how the worldview of the elite diverges from that of the people . 
  indirectly . 
  too big immigration leads to bad integration , which leads to people falling between the cracks , which leads to people joining gangs . 
  the people who throw rocks and burn cars are usually gang members who want to be able to do business ( sell drugs ) without the police hanging around . 
  i guess the person arrested belonged to one of the gangs . 
  sadly , that 's all our current government seem to care about . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  remind me what happened in 2016 , and who are still salty about the events that year . 
  demanding political correctness ? 
  wanting to censure critics ? 
  example of this , or are you just talking out of your ass ? 
  got ta wait for the next election . 
  so tolerant tho, 
  actually , until 2015 ish , mainstream media refused to admit there was a problem with immigration , which i believe to be the main reason the problem has been allowed to grow so much . 
  not talking about these problems is also why anti-immigrant parties are growing stronger . 
  so if you 're for immigration , it serves your agenda to talk about the problem too . 
  obsolete how ? 
  in the sense that it was first formed to counter the soviets , who are no longer around ? 
  how is it wavering ? 
  because the us demands every member pay their 2 % as agreed ? 
  you realize that by your own definition ( with the possible exception of `` misleading '' ) they 're propaganda , right ? 
  exactly . 
  liberals hate facists , but are actively creating an enviroment that fascism can thrive in . 
  it 's ironic . 
  ignoring the concerns of your voters and insulting them when they voice their concerns is a great way to make them vote for someone else , yes . 
  which is the main reason i 'm voting populist : better to change direction before things get so bad that people will support extreme measures . 
  do n't ruin the circlejerk . 
  mainstream media really wants this guy elected , and therefore r/europe does . 
  it 's a bad word if you 're a globalist . 
  have n't pretty much every politician done that though ? 
  reading through `` make europe great again '' type posts , lots of people said national politicians take every oppertunity to bash the eu , without giving it any credit for when it actually does stuff right . 
   misinformation was a key theme of the recent us election , in which hillary clinton was demonised daily -- often without any factual basis - in both new and established right-wing outlets . 
  and trump was not demonised at all by established liberal outlets ? 
  come on . 
  i 'm sorry , but what does global populism have to do with the romanian government being corrupt ? 
  the author claims their government took cues from the actions of populist politicians , without specifying what cues , what politicians or how the two are even linked , then goes on about the `` erosion of democratic rules '' , again , without giving any example . 
  because the people who voted for trump , the ones left behind by globalisation ( same people who voted for obama back when he promised change by the way ) are desperate enough to overlook that . 
  or they just do n't care . 
  think about it from another perspective . 
  if you 're concerned about high crime rate , about having trouble making ends meet and jobs leaving for other countries , you probably would n't mind it if the guy who promised to focus on these issues was n't pc . 
  let 's be clear about one thing : the alt-right , nazis and the kkk are not his core voter base . 
  think about it : if that was the case , he would n't have gotten nearly as many votes as he did . 
  that crowd just does n't have the numbers to explain it . 
  he 's made a lot of controversial statements ( come on , he 's donald trump :p ) , but i think most of them do n't matter with his voters , for the reason i 've listed above . 
  plus , most of the media ( national and global ) really hates him , and they 've been trying to dig up dirt on him for months . 
  i 'm getting the impression that these organizations are running a coordinated slander campaign against him , and if a side only brings slander and not arguments , you wo n't change my mind . 
  back to the topic of him having nazi supporters not being the end of him : i think most people are intelligent enough to see that desperately trying to label someone a racist just because some of his supporters are racist is just a cheap attempt at slandering .
