  you should try it sometimes mate . 
  all will kneel before the turkish tv shows . 
  grey wolves are mostly gone btw . 
  these egg throwers are just some regular nationalist cunts . 
  you 're quite right . 
  you should have kept the orange . 
  not enough . 
  thanks , at least someone with common sense . 
  i see more kurd shills mate . 
  it never really left , we 're used to it though . 
  i 'm sure you know i disagree . 
  what are you wearing right now bby ? 
  well that would hurt turkey , but it would actually hurt the west more . 
  stop supporting turkey means you cut your alliance with us . 
  cutting the alliance with us means we get closer to russian sphere of influence . 
  nato would lost a powerful ally in a volatile region and they 'd lose a leverage against russia . 
  i could n't care less if we stopped our alliance with the west tbh . 
  it feels awful . 
  i hate islam and i hate events like this even more . 
  it is a reminder that the country has lots of shitheads like this . 
  i 'd say the anti-west sentiment is n't a minority . 
  it is a majority . 
  look at the flair dumb cunt . 
  it is sooo easy to make stupid threats in the internet , please come to turkey with you fabled guns and try to do your thing . 
  these were n't islamists , they were nationalists . 
  not that it is all that better , just wanted to correct . 
  you know what is best for your nations but in my opinion as an outsider , you should stop taking in refugees and migrants . 
  so should we . 
  thanks lad . 
  thanks mate . 
  rip , i liked you sweden . 
  perhaps if right wing can survive the next 4 years you can be reborn . 
  so you can boast about the size of your former empire . 
  what are the chances of sd winning the elections ? 
  when are the swedish elections ? 
  does n't article 5 work only against other nations ? 
  why did n't you invest in eastern bulgaria ? 
  the methods they employ is wrong , no matter what is their intention . 
  literally isis tier . 
  pkk broke the truce . 
  look it up . 
   tfw so irrelevant we 're not even the sick man of europe anymore, 
  how do you justify giving weapons to terrorists with erdogan being a dictator ? 
  not everyone is smart . 
  which will undoubtedly found their way to pkk 's hands , thanks czechia !, 
  the word is \u00e7ay . 
  can confirm source : am not austrian, 
  i had 2 cups in breakfast , will have much much more after dinner . 
   uk  claims they drink unreasonable amounts of tea get on our level plebs . 
  what colonists ? 
  turks lived there since ottoman time , although they were n't a majority . 
  yeah , unfortunately our elder people see greeks in a similar negative light and sometimes manage to pass on their hatred . 
  it would be neat if we forgot our bloody past . 
  perhaps we will in the future . 
  pretty much , makes it similar to us . 
  the burden of proof does not fall with me , my friend , but with you . 
  i assumed the protests we 're talking about here are massive scale protests like gezi park protests . 
  not small scale ones . 
  these small scale protests wo n't achieve anything . 
  hdp mps are pretty content with hdp leadership and i doubt they will switch sides if akp wo n't blackmail mps . 
  mhp are the ones you should be aware of . 
  the son of the founder of mhp recently switched sides from mhp to akp for probably personal gain . 
  do n't know if any other mps will switch but they 're certainlu more dangerous than hdp . 
  doubt hdp will do that . 
  mhp can vote for the voting for referendum to happen but i doubt it . 
  they will try to make the referendum after 2019 elections . 
  i did n't say i wondered why people disliked us , i already know this . 
  i just corrected that guy . 
  oh yes you 're quite right . 
  i 'm not sure what the consequences of this will be . 
  he was saner than he was now but he always was a conservative religious nutjob . 
  any progress he made was to appease eu . 
  they officially passed the threshold . 
  turkey has been going the wrong direction for the past 14 years, 
  well , i misinformed you . 
  no one , i repeat , no one expected this . 
  10.34 , hope they can do it . 
  they 're the single largest party and they can form the government single-handedly . 
  they will pass the presidency law via referendum . 
  also at the time i wrote that comment hdp had the risk of not passing the threshold which kinda made it all worse . 
  oh , sorry did n't realize lol, 
  good joke , no one loved us to begin with . 
  doubt there will be protests . 
  people just do n't care anymore . 
  well this thread is idle . 
  for anyone wondering , akp won a major victory . 
  they got around 49-50 % of the votes . 
  same , mostly due to the lack of good parties that would pass the threshold . 
  yeah , mhp ( main party ) is an example for the former and bbp ( smaller party ) is an example for later . 
  not quite , sure they 're religious but they 're also secular . 
  talking about mhp here . 
  bbp are both nationalist and religious for example , nationalism in turkey varies quite much . 
  what ? 
  mhp is nationalist , not islamist . 
  they value their turkishness much more than their muslimness . 
  and akp is not moderate , they 're very religious . 
  thr guy who replied to you is right , they 're not religious extremists and they 're not like your typical european nationalist party . 
  as in the sense that they 're not extremists ideologically too . 
  yeah ; _ ;, 
  oh yeah , could be .
