  when russia cuts the gas it will be cold enough . 
  we do n't even have the launch codes . 
  if we do pass the border then sure . 
  but know that they also pass the border sometimes and we can shoot them too . 
  no thread is safe, 
  switzerland has conscription ? 
  why ? 
  oh come on . 
  if anything you should like us for balkan wars . 
  that was a proper kebab removal . 
  kek, 
  the term successor state is pretty loose in definition anyways . 
  i mean , first french republic being successor to kingdom of france would be pretty much accepted . 
  you can see why republic would be the successor in this example but it gets a bit muddy when talking about the link between byzantium and russia & ottoman empire . 
  i agree they claimed roman legacy . 
  i disagree their claim was true . 
  if we wanted to gain karma , we 'd just post ignorant comments in / r/europe . 
  hatay is officially turkish . 
  according to un and everyone except syria . 
  knowing english is one of the requirements of being a pilot . 
  same , when will we kick these barbarians from greece minor ? 
  turkey out of nato now !, 
   except the turks a massive part of the ottoman empire you mean . 
  i also do n't remember ottomans conquering britain , iberia , morocco , france , italy ( except otranto ) , slovenia , austria , switzerland , belgium and parts of netherlands . 
  both russian and ottoman empires were multi-ethnic , but the ethnic make-up was n't all that similar to roman and byzantine empires . 
  they would , they saw themselves as the successor to byzantium after all . 
  does n't change the fact that ottoman empire and russian empire were not culturally , ethnically , linguistically roman . 
  murad i also married a byzantine princess iirc . 
  both russians and ottomans can claim the title , does n't mean they were culturally roman . 
  neither ottomans nor russians are succesors to the roman empire . 
  it died in 1453 . 
  yeah , same here . 
  do n't know if it passed from us to you or from you to us but we also use `` be '' and sometimes `` bre '' as `` oi '' . 
  that pilot was n't shot down by us , it was shot down by turkmens . 
  what does bre mean ? 
  will the referendum suceed ? 
  i hope so , but i do n't know how conservatives slovenians are . 
  translation ? 
  i agree . 
  that guy should have told you why hurriyet is not akp 's newspaper with proofs . 
  rekt , just absolutely fucking rekt . 
  bomonti ai n't that bad . 
  i mean , you can craft swords from iron i suppose . 
  recently an akp mp and his thugs attacked the hurriyet hq . 
  because hurriyet wrote anti-akp things . 
  that should be your proof . 
  i think all orthodox people are drawn directly to constantinople . 
  is orthodox magic . 
  thanks mate . 
  good to see some of / r/europe users can see who is in the right here . 
  you do n't ? 
  lol git gud pleb, 
  literally no one is this thread supported this . 
  so much for supporting isis . 
  easily the best turkish beer . 
  good thing we do n't care what you or people like you think . 
  if you shoot our brethren and then invade our airspace , your plane falls . 
  simple as that . 
  oh man , i wished turkey would celebrate christmas . 
  that shit looks cool . 
  except for the fact they were warned for 5 minutes before they entered the air space . 
  there was no response from the pilot . 
  kek, 
  no they were n't . 
  how the fuck do you people even imagine this ? 
   sarkozy pretty much killed all hopes of better france-turkey relationships oh wow . 
  never paid attention to that . 
  dude , you 're making me hate sarkozy . 
  go on . 
  only about 42 % , i believe . 
  a thing / r/europe knows and loves too well . 
  holy fuck you people are out of your minds . 
  how are those fucking related to this post ? 
  we should n't have , but russia wo n't do anything over this except for discouraging russians from going to turkey as tourists or other economic sanctions . 
  also we were n't the ones who shot the helicopter , afaik it is not certain who did it but the biggest suspect are syrians . 
  so what ? 
  you also arm kurds already . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm already banned from / r/russia . 
  it is . 
  we claim the entire planet and moon too . 
  bravo , estonia, 
  because russia has many enemies , and some are much stronger than turkey . 
  we only have a few and russia has always been the strongest among them . 
  for anyone not getting this , this is what people say when turkey does something that does n't align with their agenda . 
  we use martyr in a patriotic way ... 
  since 1952 . 
  do it . 
  come on . 
  we ca n't handle the bantz . 
  they will be subjected to racist attack for sure . 
  same thing applies to russians in turkey . 
   fund kurdish rebels with a lot of money and boycot the russian tourism . 
  shall be enough please boycott the tourism . 
  we do n't want you here . 
  should have heeded the warning . 
  we 're allies with those . 
  you are still the enemy . 
  but if your planes did n't pass our airspace , well then we 're obviously at the wrong . 
  it 's just some friendly banter , they do it as well .
