  majority may not but a strong minority does . 
  trust me , mhp is better than akp . 
  way better . 
  admittedly , it would be better if those seat goes to chp . 
  doubt akp will lose any seats though , they will even win some . 
  are you serious ? 
  they will get no more than 42 %, 
  because it suits government 's aim , to weaken kurds in the region . 
  not supporting it , just stating it . 
  such an ignorant comment , we only started hitting ypg a few days ago . 
  i am fine with this . 
  i do n't really see this working democratically , as you 'd have to deport lots of people . 
  why is iraq in that list ? 
  there is a war in iraq as well , why do syrian get the special treatment but iraqis do n't ? 
  what about the muslim bosnian population ? 
  they support pkk , seems they support terrorism as well . 
  i 'm covering in fear lad , romanian sanctions will destroy turkey . 
  plz do n't invade ; _ ;, 
  i do n't worry about things that will never realistically happen . 
  they wo n't . 
  mods are also anti-turkish . 
  op is pushing his agenda . 
  kek everytime . 
  i 'm sure brave danish soldiers can close the power gap we would leave . 
  definitely this one , i want to be kick some kraut ass whenever i listen to this . 
  i do n't even know a word of french . 
  i love greece , i 'm pretty neutral to others . 
  yeah , we sometimes get tired of `` killing armenians week '' or `` oppressing kurds week '' you know . 
  bravo , estonia, 
  what did it say ? 
  peace with pkk only . 
  not literally , but it means that . 
  hmm never though of hudapar . 
  they 're definitely a suspect . 
  gray wolves are n't that active . 
  probably government did this . 
  erdo\u011fan probably did this though . 
  source : am turk . 
  probably government , however nothing is certain . 
  it still means death to america in a sense . 
  never thought i would see you say even remotely positive about turkey . 
  what does the flag of nagorno symbolizes ? 
  maybe we will stop them after this new deal is signed between us and eu . 
  their navy is getting stronger every day . 
  they 're either already stronger than us or close . 
  well , i guess we can take on pkk with a conventional war . 
  they use guerilla tactics . 
  we definitely can not take on russia though . 
  it is quite fun actually, 
   probably weaker than ukraine and georgia . 
  they also do it , stop acting like we 're the only one guilty . 
  anytime you want lad . 
  a warning though , the city itself has more turkish population than the entire population of greece so good luck integrating that :p, 
  \u03bc\u03bf\u03bb\u1f7c\u03bd \u03bb\u03b1\u03b2\u03ad baklava is the meaning of life and answer to all questions, 
  i 'd rather give constantinople back before admitting that !, 
   his town does n't have a town rapist absolutely soul crushing, 
  would you want us to be an ally of russia instead ? 
  because turkey is n't strong like us or russia . 
  we need a strong ally to have good relations and trade with . 
  kicking us out would mean black sea would be a russian lake . 
  it is a dick waving contest and if a greek hated turkey airspace violations are n't really the cause of it . 
  can confirm , same for greece but your politicians are a tad better . 
  i 'd be kinda jealous tbh , living in a country called awesome would be awesome . 
   and that ayran tasted like shit . 
  you fucking deserved that you heretic . 
  i think every balkan country has albanian jokes kek, 
  thanks , i guess . 
  top-tier civilization imo , buying css is insane . 
  yay !, 
  quality banter, 
  best answer in this thread . 
  not really , i thought your fav would be czechia . 
  i love the swedish-danish rivalry , always so fun to watch . 
  wish this way of thinking would be more prominent in balkans ( and the rest of the world ), 
  is bavarian and austrian more similar than austrian and german ( i know you lads all speak german but i meant accents and such ), 
  spain too . 
  no such thing as temeria anymore :(, 
  would you say greeks dislike turks or macedonians/fyromese more ? 
  which city do you live ? 
  and do you only hate turkish govt or turkish people as well . 
  you have the sheep shaggers in the east i guess . 
   fyro `` m '' kek, 
  damn liberlandese , they ruined liberland !, 
  do you have land borders with morocco or is it sea borders only ? 
   guess norway of course !, 
  are serbians and romanians generally friends ? 
  well guess we have azerbaijan and georgia who are friendly . 
  kek, 
  why bulgaria ? 
  would have expected fyrom tbh . 
  assume sea borders count, 
  at least your least fav is not turkey . . 
  only plebs choose giaour girl from balkanlar tbh, 
  meh , i do n't approve of that but there is nothing i can do . 
  well it is actually kom\u015fu in turkish but i say komshi because that 's what greeks usually use at internet . 
  ottoman occupation ( though ottomans never ruled croatia really ) transferred lots of turkish words to balkans . 
  huh , why poland ? 
  well , germany is kinda more relevant than austria so i ca n't blame you . 
  kek, 
  such is life in balkanlar,
