  hungary was already his , for the most part . 
  afaik useage of turkey instead of ottoman empire was common in english . 
  komshi ( well kom\u015fu but eh ) means neighbour in turkish . 
  how is that relevant to the discussion , my buttblasted komshi ? 
  i read an article a few years ago , and the gay guy said they asked for photo proof while he 's getting fucked by his partner . 
  hehe , we turks should know a bit about that . 
  if you 're gay you have a right to be exempt from mandatory military service in turkey . 
  but in order to prove you 're gay , turkish armed forces asks you to provide you having sexual intercourse with another man . 
  and as far as i know , they do n't accept it if you 're the active guy . 
  you have to be the passive guy in order to be exempt . 
  our armed forces probably have a very large collection of gay porn ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ larger ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ than ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mine, 
  then greece should also apologize for violating our airspace . 
  how about hoping there wo n't be a war and thousands wo n't die for trivial reasons ? 
  no , you are . 
  hope that someone he implies is not turkish . 
  unless he wants to be shot again . 
  putin acts like fucking teenager . 
  oh sorry misunderstood your comment . 
  i completely agree btw . 
  civilian deaths we caused would n't even be close to those pkk caused . 
  you can search for yourself , i will sleep now . 
  a recurring theme in history . 
  we did n't commit a goddamn warcrime . 
  rebels did . 
  no u, 
  so we should hold the refugees for free ? 
  are you fucking insane ? 
  do you really act like turkey is the one who got the good deal ? 
  eu is fucking using us . 
  refugees wo n't reach europe because of us . 
  i have no idea how they justified it . 
  honestly ca n't remember this news . 
  hey , i 'm all for kurds having a state in northern syria and iraq , southeastern turkey and parts of western iran . 
  as long as it 's not ridiculously . 
  the thing is , most people in turkey are at least slightly nationalistic . 
  a kurdistan being created in southeast would n't affect their lifes at all . 
  but there is a small problem . 
  the government who would negotiate with the kurds and let them be independent would never , and i repeat , never would get choosen again . 
  turkish people would see that as a betrayal and treason . 
  so this will probably never happen peacefully . 
  there is also the problem of kurds living in turkey and turks living in potential kurdistan . 
  what happens to them ? 
  a population exchange would be for the best but it would be seen as a violation of human rights i guess . 
  and honestly if i was a kurd living in istanbul , i would not want to emigrate to kurdistan . 
  edit : fixed a word . 
  it does n't really justify it , that 's why i said `` trying '' . 
  thanks for the tip , i get confused with the word proof sometimes . 
  well i did already knew that , i just wanted to bother you and make you go out of your way to find proofs . 
  also i was trying to justify why we bombed them in the last comment . 
  `` we said the [ ypg-aligned democratic union party ] pyd will not go west of the euphrates and that we would hit it the moment it did , '' mr davutoglu told turkish atv television late monday . 
  i assume you mean why ? 
  can you post proofs ? 
  apart from twitter posts rojava leaders/pyd made of course . 
  yes , very unfortunate for both sides . 
  turkey will never let go of her lands and kurds will never let go of their claims . 
  turkey is at war with anyone trying to create a kurdisan in turkey . 
  my point still stands ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   slavic_emperor i wonder who is behind this ... 
  but you still have n't fully completed your reconquista yet , eh ? 
  it makes them look longer though . 
  still , i 'd prefer a thick one over a long one anyday . 
  it would certainly satisfy my eyes more . 
  oh yeah , quite right . 
  i forgot about tanzimat and islahat reforms . 
  i 'm not talking about that . 
  that albanian guy claimed religious oppression was different in different centuries . 
  i asked what he means by that . 
  what is an armenian ? 
  20th century fascist state . 
  living the mongol dream . 
  for example ? 
  some emperors were more religious than others but did that effect the life in balkans all that much . 
  what do dutch think about this ? 
  by that logic we still have claims over balkans and hungary . 
  strange times we live in . 
  it 's pretty funny , actually . 
  i like philippa 's boobs . 
  he can always follow napoleon 's lead . 
  mongolia does n't need the navy . 
  they have glorious horse archers !, 
  for the lulz, 
  primitive man erdogan has actually condemned these actions and he have n't done anything to neither russian tourists , nor russian exports , nor russian businessess . 
  so much for primitiveness . 
  ca n't believe i 'm defending erdogan . 
  i 'm too lazy to check but i do n't think small countries like estonia or latvia do n't have conscription or mandatory military service . 
  what makes switzerland special ? 
   for no good reason why it was a stupid thing to do , you ca n't just claim there was n't a reason . 
  russia is a joke . 
  no one would take them seriously if they did n't have nukes . 
  i definitely did not expect them to bar their doors to turkish tourists or raid firms . 
  how do you even raid a firm ? 
  why would anyone except turks be mad at this news ? 
  what did you fucking expect ? 
  uranium ... enriched with vodka !, 
  everyone knows main source of food for russians is uranium . 
  our move what ? 
  why should these news even remotely be of interest for us ? 
  russians showing the world they 're not to be trusted , that 's all , `` komshi '' . 
  hot . 
  well i hope not .
