yeah , i never denied this btw , just wanted to rob you of time . 
  the burden of proof does not lie with me , my friend , but with you, 
  more like shit , poop is kaka . 
  we bomb pkk . 
  we bomb pkk , enough with this retarded shit . 
  by saying all turks oppress kurds ? 
  you reddit turkophobes are too funny . 
  the difference between what you aaid and what i said is slight . 
  we both accused each other but i was n't being a racist cunt when i did it . 
  did i somehow claimed most turks were secular ? 
  we have lots of syrians in turkey , the women wear hijab and they do prayers . 
  no they are not . 
  my nationality has nothing to do with this . 
  do n't you have some stormfront activities to do ? 
  burning minority houses or something ? 
  i hate it when people speak in certainities , like everyone has the same opinion . 
  this is just your opinion , only you and probably a few other people do n't think istanbul is not european . 
  literally every map of europe shows thrace including istanbul . 
  according to eu ( europa universalis ) it is . 
  why not ? 
  yeah yeah , cry some more . 
  i can only get off to christian tears . 
  can you trace your entire ancestry ? 
  if not , you may very well be related to turks . 
  mine kinda does, 
  most people in the world ca n't probably show morocco on the map , so you 're not stupid at all lad . 
  but most syrians do not live in refugee camps in turkey, 
  agreed . 
  i think 5-6 billion woul n't put a strain on eu at all and would help us a lot . 
  orban the hun, 
  they would not use weapons . 
  i never quite liked austria anyway, 
  any other nation outside europe who would actually use weapons are shitholes . 
  we know turkey is not europe . 
  yep . 
  let the euroshits suffer . 
  whatever . 
  what does the q stands for ? 
  it is getting more absurd by the day . 
  and yet , not even close to barbarian levels or isis . 
  i do n't follow basketball all that much , but i thought basketball was huge in lithuania and you guys played it really well ? 
  / int /, 
  did n't know most of turkey were barbarians , even though we act nothing like this . 
  i do n't care about muhammed sketched since i 'm not a muslim , wanting to put it on a t-shirt is being edgy though . 
  christians ignore half of the things bible says , so there are no real christians in the world . 
  you 're untermenschen according to nazi beliefs . 
  it does mean shit for muslims in turkey . 
  there are punishments for it so i do n't understand why you think muslim turks ignora that particular law . 
  there is no singular muslim identity , countries such as turkey banned crime against women so men can not beat women even if it 's doable in quran . 
  also it is spelled muslim , not moslem . 
  because you want that tee to make muslims mad . 
  asshole . 
  thanks lad, 
  while obviously not a great picture for a country like turkey , it is still there . 
  join the union again so we can be even closer :\\ ^ ), 
  what about turkey ? 
  or is it an all christian club ? 
  because there is a post about turkey . 
  fuck you too polska, 
  not all of them are . 
  yeah , that 's fucking insane amount of magnets . 
  i think georgians does ( need confirmation from a georgian ) but i dunno about armenians and azeris . 
  i mostly asked because / u/lupinechemist said ex-commie countries . 
  yep . 
  top side ( freezer ) is dedicated entirely to europe , bottom left of normal fridge to americas , bottom right to asia . 
  have n't gotten anything from africa unfortunately . 
  what about former communist countries such as georgia , armenia and azerbaijan ? 
   tfw we are so irrelevant we are n't even the sick man of europe anymore, 
  what the fuck ? 
  not everyone has to have rainbows to support gays . 
  http://imgur.com/a/oebpl i think i have more magnets than everyone in this thread . 
  not only that . 
  they banned turks from working in russia , they sent turkish tourists back as well . 
  turkish version of `` you 're adopted '' talk . 
  t-those are g-greeks too, 
   turko  papist pick one and only one . 
  remove crusader from premises, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wr9eg/russian_diplomat_turkeys_military_presence_in/cxz0vs0 we 're in iraq to train your people , rojavan . 
  you just search for a reason to hate us even when we 're helping kurds . 
  our troops are there on krg ( kurds ) 's request , and we 're only training the peshmerge . 
  we do n't have an ambition to annex iraq . 
  unlike your overlords my bela ** russian ** friend . 
  i think all the homo-erotic romance back in the ancient greece may also effected this . 
  philippa is best waifu tbh, 
  holy fuck . 
  do you actually think i care about some battle that happened 350 years ago ? 
  do you call this banter ? 
  the farthest greek island ( s ) are a few kilometers off the coast of turkey , even less . 
  i fucking love europeans ' carbonated waters . 
  i always buy those when i visit europe , wish they sold those in turkey . 
  so many salty europeans . 
  turkey out of naruto now now damnit, 
  n\u0131ce useage of turk\u0131sh alphabet lad, 
  afaik , that painting depicts the battle of rocroi ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) and in that battle non-spanish mercenary troops famously surrendered or routed much sooner than the based spaniards did . 
  this particular painting may be about swiss mercenaries though , dunno . 
  it would make more sense for it to depict spanish tercios though , as they fought far more bravely , and the men in that painting are holding their ground instead of routing . 
  well , it probably is . 
  greece is god-tier komshi tbh, 
  that pic is from a battle between spain and france though . 
  yay racism .
