  a pack of $ 20 will cost you about $ 11.00 ( but there are some brands you can get for just under $ 10 ) . 
  not illegal or even frowned upon here . 
  would take you ages to get anywhere if you had to wait for the lights all the time !, 
  but it 's stereotypes that we ( in my case dubs ) have of them . 
  not what they 're actually like . 
  most of what i posted is untrue tbf, 
  they clearly saw you coming !, 
  if you ask for tap water you 'll get tap water and you wo n't have to pay for it, 
  they actively root for ireland , and will be very excited when we score . 
  the pundits afterwards are always very critical tho, 
  their economic policy reads like it was written by a 5 year old , and the just jump on whatever is popular t be against at any given time . 
  they just love to give out , but never provide a reasonable alternative, 
  dublin north - will rob you blind dublin south - very rich and posh kerry ( south west ) - backwards , unintelligible when speaking , and they for some reason the rest of country ca n't understand , keep electing healy rae to parliament cavan - very tight and cheap . 
  would haggle over 10c cork - serious case of second city syndrome . 
  believe everything is better when it is in cork . 
  anything about cork is automatically brilliant . 
  speak very fast limerick - affectionately known as stab city , you 're lucky to get out alive . 
  horrible accents kilkenny - everyone there plays hurling . 
  if you do n't , family will likely disown you . 
  kildare/meath - likes to pretend it 's `` basically dublin '', 
  just looked it up . 
  there was just under 6m overseas visitors to dublin last year . 
  the population of the city is only 1.5 m. 
  so yes , they 're everywhere, 
  we would refer to them as `` tight bastards '' . 
  we 're a forgiving bunch, 
  i think so . 
  it 's technically a voluntary scheme . 
  i highly doubt anyone would tho, 
  true , but could you really be arsed to save a cent or two ? 
  nope , it 's only rounded with cash . 
  non cash payments do n't round, 
  anecdotally , all it has done is improved the speed of transactions . 
  you 're up 2c as often as you 're down , and as we are becoming a more and more cashless society , so as card payments are n't rounded , it has no impact there at all . 
  all it 's really done is eliminate change, 
  try www.cso.ie ( central statistics office ) for ireland . 
  they keep statistics on everything, 
  they 're still legal and all , but we round to the nearest 5c here , so they 're less and less common . 
  i honestly do n't think anyone would point tbh . 
  most people could n't care less . 
  and you can legally change your gender here no problem , so i do n't think we 're as conservative as you 're making us out to be . 
  i do n't know if we walk fast or tourists in general walk slow but my god it 's annoying . 
  it has , at times , taken all ive got , not to shout at someone to get the fuck out of my way and stop randomly stopping on footpaths . 
  if you want to look at your map , go do it in a coffee shop , and not in the middle of fucking grafton street . 
  people are generally baffled by dbh in irish words . 
  it 's a v sound . 
  like madbh or saidbh are pronounced mave or sive . 
  bh on it 's own is also a v sound , just to add to the confusion , see siobhan - shiv-awn , not sio ban . 
  i 'd need to be earning apx 50k pa in order to have a 13k tax bill , and that would go towards covering everything else that the government provides as well !, 
  it is absolutely insane that you guys have to pay that much , and then more on top in the form of excesses !, 
  the maximum amount you can be charged here is capped at $ 800pa !, 
  tbh i do n't care if the wait time is a little bit longer for non emergency stuff , it 's worth it to not have to pay that . 
  i live in a 10-15year old apartment block , in a suburb about 25 mins from the city centre . 
  live with a friend i went to school with . 
  my aunt , uncle , and two cousins live in paris , and some distant relative on my dad 's side lives in italy somewhere but i would n't be close to the at all . 
  i think we took to them quite well here . 
  didnt really need anyone to popularise it . 
  ireland that no one will ever be left untreated or with a large bill at the end if they have a serious condition general taxation for those who avail of the public system , tho there is an option to avail of private health care via insurance ( or indeed your own money ) if you 'd like . 
  the public system is broken down further - those with a medical card receive healthcare for free , and medication for a nominal fee ( i think it 's 50c per prescription ) . 
  to receive a medical card you need to have income below a certain level , though you will also be given one if you have an illness that requires a lot if treatment ( cancer for example ) . 
  you also automatically receive one when you turn 65 . 
  the other side of the public health system is pay per use , but the fees are quite low . 
  $ 100 for a&e ( waived if you were referred from a gp ) and something like $ 70 per day of inpatient treatment ( capped at a total amount per year ) . 
  outpatient treatment is free . 
  yes , i 'm satisfied . 
  it does have it 's flaws , but the front line staff are phenomenal and it 's very affordable . 
  personal anecdotes , luckily not many . 
  i 've only been to hospital once when i was a teenager . 
  i cut my foot on some grass while retrieving a sliotar from a river . 
  was in and out with stitches and crutches within 2 or 3 hours . 
  the waiting lists for treatment are done on the basis of need , so if your illness is n't too bad , you 're waiting ages . 
  sounds fine in theory , but what ends up happening is that these people then get worse and are bumped to the top of the queue . 
  this wouldnt be an issue if they were just treated in the first place , and would likely have cost the state a hell of a lot less in medical fees . 
  this , i believe can only be solved with more staff at the front line . 
  re american system - i only know what i know from tv . 
  the main point being that it 's crazy expensive , and if you do n't have medical insurance your basically fucked . 
  you 'll either not be treated or end up with massive debts . 
  that 's just not right imo . 
  i do n't really have any questions other than what would you prefer - the current system you 've got , or a more socialised system like most european countries have . 
  personally , healthcare is one of those things that the state has a duty to provide , and i ca n't understand anyone who thinks it should be fully privatised . 
  only for nostalgic purposes . 
  you gave the child $ 5 to go to the shop ?!? 
  jaysus back in my day you got a pound and you 'd come back with change . 
  we also still have penny sweets ( which cost anything from 2c to 10c ! ), 
  father ted , no question . 
  would genuinely quote it once a week, 
  i send them all to the leprechaun museum . 
  seems to keep most of em happy, 
  we sent a singing turkey in a shopping trolley there a few years ago ... https://youtu.be/gfujaf6ibpk, 
  popular enough . 
  i 'd hear it maybe every second morning or so on the way to work . 
  whiskey ^ will you guys never learn, 
  i dont remember ever having one so i googled it . 
  apparently the last one we had was on the 14th september 2001 after the world trade centre attacks in new york . 
  so not common at all here !, 
  i would imagine how easy it is depends on where you 're coming from , no ? 
  just fire drill for the while school . 
  think we also had something along the lines of `` what to do if there 's a gas leak '' when we got to secondary school and we were using the lab . 
  lol . 
  we do n't have air conditioning here .
