  you google college applications in ireland , cao is all you get back . 
  however , you can apply directly to universities for a place on some courses . 
  you would have a good opportunity of being accepted as well unless your grades were very poor . 
  the reason : money . 
  each university sets their own prices for non eu students . 
  eu students ca n't be charged more than 3k per annum , but non-eu prices range from 8k per year plus . 
  i 've seen up to 15k for some of the more prestigious courses in the university i was in . 
  that makes us students somewhat of a cash cow , and places are given out on a much less strict basis than eu students . 
  suggestions to look at in dublin : www.ucd.ie www.dit.ie www.dcu.ie www.tcd.ie they would be the 4x biggest universities in dublin , but there 's plenty more if you want to go looking around . 
  scholarships are n't really a thing here either btw , so you will need the money up front . 
  some universities allow payment plans for eu students over the year - they may offer something similar for non eu , i honestly do n't know . 
  some things to keep in mind : - college degrees are n't like the us here . 
  they 're in specialist areas . 
  you do n't study general subjects then do a masters , we do all the general stuff in secondary school and then specialise in college - dublin is a crazy expensive city to live in . 
  - you wo n't be allowed work more than ( i think ) 20 hours a week while studying ( you can do full time hours during school breaks if your employer wants you to ) let me know if you need more info . 
  ireland here . 
  we do , so this year xmas day was on sunday , st. stephen 's day was monday , so that was a bank holiday anyway , and then the xmas day holiday fell on the tuesday after instead . 
  she did . 
  she was 16 , so lived to a good age , 
  this is my dog with one of her pups about 5 years ago . 
  we unfortunately had to put her down last week , so i was going through some old photos and found this . 
  there 's ways a chance , no matter how remote , that someone may be innocent . 
  for me , that 's reason enough not to allow the death penalty . 
  i think i like our general `` could n't give a fuck '' / `` it 'll be grand '' attitude . 
  people do n't tend to get worked up over small shit here . 
  makes for an easy life, 
  no , here you do your batchelors degree in engineering , or marketing , or whatever you want to do . 
  you can then go on and specialise further by doing a masters if you want . 
  you can do an arts degree here , where you just take random modules like english lit , philosophy etc. , but if someone tells you they 're studying arts here , your first thought is generally , aww , what did you actually want to do ? 
  it 's not often someone does a arts degree by choice - it 's usually cos they had n't got enough points to do what they actually wanted to do, 
  i love that you call it an interrogation mark !, 
  ireland : price in shops : $ 2.50 or eur 2.50 - less that a euro sometimes also written as 85c large numbers : 1,000,000 decimal : 2.00 quotation : `` like this '', 
  no one really cares . 
  like , it 's illegal to advertise cigarettes or tobacco products , but that 's fair . 
  no one thinks starting smoking is a good thing . 
  no one enjoys ads , they 're a necessary evil , so no one cares when the type of ads are restricted . 
  debit card for pretty much everything . 
  especially since contactless has become so common - even for small purchase like a coffee or a beer - it 's just easier than cash . 
  usually have about $ 20 in my wallet for small purchases in places with no card . 
  exception is if i 'm on a night out , the first pub/club i 'm in i 'll get cash back and use that for the night . 
  using card in a night club @ 3am is a mistake you only make once . 
  apparently drunk me is very generous . 
  i do get offended though when you say `` no , i 'm actually irish '' and they `` same thing '' or something to that effect . 
  has only happened once mind , but it annoyed me . 
  if it was the same thing i would n't have clarified that i 'm not , in fact , british . 
  was more annoyed at his ignorance though than anything else . 
  our usc ( universal social charge ) tax was reduced slightly . 
  each of the income bands came down 0.5 % points i think it works out as a 200eur per year saving on someone earning 30,000 eur per year . 
  so about 18eur/month . 
  isis or islamic state would be the most common here, 
  you have a real problem with this , do n't you ? 
  no that 's in dublin , just not in touristy areas . 
  tourist haunts , especially temple bar are an absolute rip off , and you 'll never see someone from dublin there . 
  go two streets away and the beer gets a lot cheaper . 
  outside of dublin , you 're looking at $ 4.50 - $ 5, 
  we use metic for pretty much everything here in ireland , but for some reason draught beer never switched , we still order pints of beer , ale , stout etc. 
  ( though , you technically get 580mls , as it 's illegal to use non metric measurements ) . 
  anyway , to answer the question , a pint will cost you about $ 5/5 .50 depending on the drink and where you go . 
  so we have the leaving certificate here , and maths is compulsory ( along with english and irish ) . 
  there 's 21 topics covered , they are : algebra area & volume calculus complex numbers co-ordinate geometry , the line differentiation financial maths/arithmetic functions geometry geometry ( proofs and constructions ) graphs of functions induction integration logs probability roots of a function / equation sequences & series sets statistics & data the circle trigonometry there 's 3 levels - foundation , ordinary & higher . 
  foundation level is very basic , and would n't include most of the above . 
  ordinary and higher would include all the above , but obviously the higher level to a more advanced standard . 
  just googled it , we 're 13th in the oecd and 9th in the eu , so not too bad , but still a lot of work to do !, 
  yep , but we call it kris krindle . 
  definitely christmas day here . 
  santy comes on christmas eve and they you spend all day the 25th playing with your presents . 
  we have a big dinner at 4/5pm then in my family anyway we all congregate in one persons house and drink far too much alcohol . 
  happy or merry christmas up until new year 's eve , then it 's happy new year . 
  people would think you are strange if you said happy holidays . 
  seasons greetings might be used on some marketing materials maybe . 
  hollywood has a lot to answer for, 
  just had a look there . 
  a report from 2 years ago has 65 % apple and 30 % android and 5 % other . 
  i 'd say apple have slipped a bit since then but would still be by far the most common smartphone out there . 
  number 1 would be hurling i 'd say , followed by gaelic football . 
  then regular football , then rugby . 
  siobhan ( shiv-awn ) = god is gracious coimhe ( kee-va ) = beautiful & precious aoife ( ee-fa ) = radiant & joyful, 
  do leprechauns run free or do you guys keep em as pets ? 
  ireland here our taoiseach ( prime minister ) is a td ( mp ) from mayo , which is a rural constituency in the west of the country . 
  each party runs candidates in each constituency , and wins however many seats in the dail ( parliament ) . 
  technically , and td can be the taoiseach , but leader of the party with the largest number of seats in the dail will always win . 
  personally would prefer a list system . 
  current system results in the taoiseach , tainiste ( deputy pm ) and all the other cabinet ministers ( who are tds appointed to roles by the taoiseach ) spending too much time looking after their own constituency as opposed to their portfolio to ensure they get reelected . 
  in dublin , the ` poshest ' areas would be the d4 and d6 postcode areas , as well as county dublin ( just outside the city itself ) . 
  south dublin in general would be the a lot more up market that the north and west of the city . 
  we do n't really have an east ... maybe 15 years ago , the d6 area was getting too big , so it was proposed to half it and create a new number . 
  residents did n't like that as it would affect property values . 
  as a compromise the new post code area was d6w . 
  armed response unit would certainly attend ( our regular police are unarmed ) but they would use less than lethal methods to disarm him . 
  if they felt their life was in danger though , they 'd shoot . 
  and when they shoot , they shoot to kill . 
  nine of this shoot his leg bukshit . 
  you aim for largest part if the body , which is the stomach . 
  if the suspect services , its a bonus . 
  there 's plenty of people who would live along the border and work the other side of it , so i ca n't see that being an issue . 
  you would need to at least set up a personal bank account - you 'd pay a fortune in fx charges using your uk dr card all the time in a eurozone country . 
  opening an account wo n't get an issue but you will have to declare to the bank that you 're tax resident outside the state . 
  do n't see them lasting long . 
  they ca n't even organise a launch . 
  they 'll run a few candidates next election and none will be elected and they 'll scurry off and die,
