  i do like that our constitution requires a referendum to be amended tho . 
  manual the whole way . 
  automatics feel like something is missing, 
  normally heads or tails , but we also have heads or harps ( old irish money , and irish minted euros have a harp on the back , it 's not as relevant any more since the euro ), 
  should we know who these people are ? 
  idealistically , reunification , but i do n't think a majority of the population are willing to shoulder the costs of it tbh . 
  that 's from talking with my friends and colleagues though . 
  i have n't seen any polls recently on it though . 
  yeah , so for example ni has the nhs - free health care for all . 
  in roi you get free health care if you 're income is below a certain limit . 
  everyone else does get heavily discounted medical care though - you 're not going to go into debt paying back your bills or anything like that . 
  welfare is more generous in roi though - standard social welfare payment here is $ 188/wk , along with free ( or very heavily subsidised ) housing , free health care , etc etc. 
  in ni it 's # 73.10 ( ~ $ 80 ) so there 's a huge difference there . 
  the main problem we would face though is that in ni , about 30 % of the population is employed by the government . 
  in the republic it 's 18 % . 
  when you consider that there would also be a huge amount of duplication , it would result in huge amounts of layoffs , or a massively bloated public service that we ca n't afford . 
  neither is a good situation, 
  ireland also has a very similar legal system to the uk - we inherited it off ye !, 
  i 'm disappointed for them tbh . 
  i truly believe they made a massive mistake and it will come back to haunt them . 
  i 'm also worried about irish businesses who export to the uk , of which there are quite a number . 
  any reintroduction of a customs border would have a hugely negative impact on them . 
  they really need to start diversifying into other eu markets to try soften the blow i do n't think it 'll have much impact on the reunification process . 
  people in ni hold their beliefs on which country they should be part of , and these are idealised beliefs . 
  i do n't see economic convenience having an impact on their views . 
  as for the passports , if you 're entitled to an irish passport you 're entitled to an irish passport . 
  i 've no issue with anyone getting one if they qualify . 
  i think ideally yes , but i think it would likely be an economic disaster . 
  we could n't afford their civil service - and if the public sector unions up north are anything like the republic , you 'd never be able to downsize . 
  that coupled with the inevitable violence that would spark up again with the unionists , i do n't think it 's very feasible at the moment, 
  there are a few nutjobs who occupy those dark corners of the internet where you should n't really go , who would like us to also leave the eu but as a whole , the country is very much pro eu . 
  source : http://www.newstalk.com/ireland-remains-one-of-the-most-proeu-countries-survey-shows, 
  we get a little note saying you 've missed it , but you get three options . 
  bring the note to the collection depot , write a name of a nominated person who can bring it to the depot for you an collect , or , you can put an alternative address on it and post it back and they 'll deliver there instead so to your work or neighbours or whatever . 
  works pretty well . 
  forgot about that !, 
  i have n't flown into there so i was only speaking from experience . 
  i 'm sure there 's others as well !, 
  game of thrones up in northern ireland too . 
  well when the flag was originally designed it had a united ireland in mind , and was an attempt to win over all parties . 
  no matter what way you look at it , a significant amount of the population in ni is protestant . 
  those people need to be represented too . 
  if ireland does regain the 6 counties at some point in the future , the flag will then be even more important and will represent the two traditions on the island , but at the moment , i like to think of it as a kind of olive branch . 
  orange does n't stand for protestant brits , it recognises that there is a protestant minority on the island , and it represents that minority , be they in the north or the republic . 
  let 's ignore that brain fart please . 
  i new it was eight , but for some reason felt the need to square it ... 
  well yeah , obviously !, 
  why thank you , we 're here all week . 
  ok , well in my case , i know that my great grandad was from scotland , and moved to tipperary ( south of the country ) when he was quite young . 
  i genuinely have no desire to learn more about that - i honestly do n't care . 
  i may feel different if it was my parents or even my grandparents but they were all born in ireland . 
  put it this way , i would never dream of claiming myself to be 1/64th ( i think that 's the right fraction ) scottish ... 
  the commitments is ok , but i 'd argue that is n't a hollywood film . 
  had an irish cast , and certainly feels more irish ( at least , of its time , the ireland of today is obviously very different ) ps i love you is a load of bollocks . 
  the guys accent is cat . 
  sure , but the last sentence of the question asks , and i 'm paraphrasing now , ` do you just accept you are x nationality ( where you are born ) ', 
  i 'd say you would n't be far off with that tbh, 
  i have no issues with ryanair at all . 
  i look at it as a bus with wings . 
  play by their rules and you 'll get there fine . 
  i 've never been delayed and they 've not lost anything on me . 
  ca n't say the same for aer lingus . 
  the only exception is flying dublin to paris . 
  beauvais is not in fucking paris , i do n't care how you brand it . 
  37th most popular name here according to google , with a variety of it in 64th and 71st place . 
  it 's a name i 'd associate with older people tbh . 
  i do n't think i know a mary below 40 years of age, 
  you 're from where you 're born . 
  simple . 
  literally none . 
  case in point : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hrlqbsd8lse that particular film is also factually incorrect to the point of being offensive . 
  your one is getting a boat from somewhere in wales going to dublin on the east coast , just across the irish sea . 
  nice little trip that , maybe an hour and half on the fast ferry . 
  the ship arrives in fucking kerry on the south west coast ( after pretty much sailing by dublin ) and thus begins a week long journey across the country via dirt roads ( this is after she misses the one train a week , departing from a station in a fucking field ) . 
  she must have missed the sign for the m7 - nice motorway that would have taken her the whole way to dublin in about 2,5 hours - it 's a small country . 
  the film is fucking ridiculous that felt good, 
  i like i. 
  it is the way it is for political reasons though , so i do n't see it changing any time soon . 
  edinburgh is a great city . 
  well worth a visit . 
  the way hollywood movies portray us as living in farms , spending all day every day in the pub eating potatoes gets old pretty quick . 
  i mean we only spend about 60 % of the day in the pub . 
  they blow it all out of proportion . 
  somewhere between 15 and 17 i 'd guess here, 
  yeah , right, 
  bus or walk for work , shops , socialising etc. 
  taxi if i 'm in a rush or coming home late at night . 
  anything else , whatever public transport gets me there , so bus tram or train . 
  will borrow a car if i need to transport something heavy but that probably once every six months max . 
  so i thought since english is your only language , ireland might be a good option . 
  a working visa is a no go . 
  you need to have a skill/degree which is listed on the critical skills list as being needed and unable to be filled by eu workers . 
  your employer also needs to prove that no eu citizen who has applied for the job can do it , and you are the only one . 
  an education visa on the other hand is more doable . 
  here is the irish 3rd level education application process in a nutshell . 
  university applications from irish citizens and certain other countries , for all institutions are handled by the central applications office ( cao ) . 
  cao award places on a points based system . 
  in ireland , at the end of secondary school education , we sit an exam called the leaving certificate , or an equivalent exam that they recognise . 
  i 've just had a quick look , and they do not recognize us high school/sats . 
  i tell you all this so you do n't waste your time applying to them .
