  we have no right wing parties here . 
  we have slightly right of centre , but that 's as extreme as it gets . 
  and when i say slightly , i mean slightly . 
  no party here would dream of saying ` immigrants are bad ' or anything like that . 
  they 'd be crushed in elections . 
  in fact , a right-wing anti-immigration party recently established itself , and booked a hotel to launch themselves . 
  once the hotel realised who they were they cancelled the booking and they now have n't been able to launch . 
  could listen to french all day . 
  or even english in a french accent . 
  i ca n't explain it , but dear god it sounds amazing, 
  we 're just cooler, 
  potatoes , alcohol , leprechauns , am i right ? 
  hahahahahahahaha fuck right off, 
  of the ones i 've been too , i 'd have to say italy . 
  from pictures iceland looks amazing , but i 've yet tin have the pleasure . 
  currently about $ 40 . 
  i pay for the majority of stuff with visa debit , but i like to keep a small amount of cash for small purchases like coffee etc. 
  mary and patrick tbh . 
  i would instantly associate mary with older people though . 
  cheese and onion flavoured crisps , 2 slices of white bread . 
  do n't forget the real butter . 
  we have blood sausage too ( call it pudding ) - its pretty great . 
  this slime however . 
  not so sure about that . 
  i forgot about that , the ` fighting irish ' . 
  have n't a breeze where thar came from, 
  have n't tried that one . 
  must give it a shot, 
  who 's to say miracle ca n't happen, 
  try it , come back to me , you wo n't be disappointed . 
  what i 've heard ( and this could be absolute bullshit ) is that during ww2 , there was n't easy access to razors , so certain bits were left unshaven . 
  american/british/wherever soldiers slept with french women while there , made their observations , and so a stereotype was born . 
  that we eat potatoes with everything !, 
  i think it comes from the famine 150 years ago , but even then , i still do n't get why people think we have potatoes with every meal . 
  we do n't . 
  we do have access to pasta , rice and other carbs as well , not to mention veggie options . 
  the drinking though , i fully understand that ( though i reckon a fair few of our european cousins could give us a run for our money to be honest ), 
  have you tried a cheese and onion crisp sandwich ? 
  i dunno if that 's just an irish thing , but they 're fucking immense, 
  i also do n't understand beans . 
  they 're fairly common here too but i just do n't understand why anyone would eat them . 
  same . 
  not at all enforced though . 
  shopping centres , probably in the next week or so . 
  there 's decorations up already . 
  on radio , there 's kind of like an unwritten rule that it does n't start till the 1st of december . 
  tv : state owned/public rte 1 - state owned , aimed at older demographic , would have current affairs , talk shoes as well as dramas and documentaries . 
  rte 2 - also state owned - younger demographic - carries a lot of us shows , comedies etc , does n't really do current affairs rte news now - 24hr news channel , but mainly shows repeats of itself unless there is breaking news tg4 - irish language channel - documentaries , dramas , news , current affairs , even a bit of comedy and dubbed us imports . 
  tries to be all things to all people , just through irish . 
  24 hours of either live proceedings or repeats of debates . 
  riveting stuff altogether . 
  private channels tv3 - kind of tries to be like tg4 but in english - a bit of everything . 
  does do some good current affairs every now and again 3e - owned by tv3 - repeats from tv3 and imported us/uk comedies . 
  a couple of home grown shows but nothing great . 
  utv ireland - a failed exercise to replace tv3 - has since been bought buy the company who owns tv3 ( virgin media ) . 
  do n't see it lasting much longer tbh . 
  radio : state owned/public rte radio 1 - same as the tv channel , but radio form . 
  lot if current affairs rte 2fm - popular music , light hearted radio shows rte radio n\u00e1 gaeltachta - irish station . 
  very old demographic . 
  a lot of traditional irish music . 
  privately owned today fm - 2fm but better news talk - radio 1 but better then there is loads of local stations - all just variations of the above really but with local slants . 
  there 's also a few alternative and specialist radio stations , but the name of them escapes me . 
  huh , ya learn something new everyday !, 
  really depends on the school i think . 
  was n't compulsory in mine but i did it and it really was the best thing that i ever did . 
  really came out of my shell and i learned some really valuable skills that helped me when i went on to college, 
  you may well be correct . 
  i 've always referred to it as montessori ( without realising that it was a specific type of learning ) as my family friends etc would all send their kids to montessori . 
  i 'm sure other kinds also exist and no worries on the country mix up , there 's worse places you could think i was from !, 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  all primary schools would have to follow the curriculum as set by the department of education , so unless that curriculum itself is using the montessori method , then no !, 
  the first two years of primary school are called junior and senior infants . 
  this would be more like kindergarten . 
  montessori would be the most common form of preschool , but you are correct , its just one method . 
  you could also just have kids in play school , or not at all if you prefer ( but that is uncommon ) . 
  junior infants is the first compulsory year . 
  we 've got : montessori ( 3 years of age , not compulsory ) primary school ( age 4 , 8 years long ) secondary school into 3 parts - junior cycle ( age 12 , 3 years long ) - transition year - not compulsory , can skip straight to senior cycle - senior cycle ( 2 years long , finishes with an exam called the leaving certificate . 
  results range from 0-600 points . ), 
  the above bits everyone does , then you can go on to one of the following - post-leaving cert course - usually applied skills , like receptionist , beautician etc - apprenticeship - electrician , plumber etc - institute of technology - very similar to university , degrees awarded at the end of it - university - awards degrees each course in an it or university will require a certain number of points to get in , refer back to leaving cert . 
  its generally have lower entry points than universities , with some exceptions where that particular one has a specialty for example . 
  edit : formatting, 
  standard packs are around 40g here , price between 80c and $ 1.10 , depending on where you buy them, 
  it can indeed , but that 's not in english , 
  as a native english speaker i forget how fucking confusing it must be for a non-native speaker to learn . 
  country : ireland person : irish man/woman/person adjective : irish language : english or irish ( not gaelic ! ), 
  in ireland the only type of debit card is visa debit . 
  we user to have laser cards which were a local debit card service but every bank discontinued them in favour of visa debits about 10 years ago . 
  we do have ` credit scores ' , per say here with the icb ( irish credit bureau ) . 
  but its only an issue if you have missed payments or have outstanding debt . 
  then you 'll have a poor icb and that will count against you . 
  if you 've never borrowed before in your life , you can just walk into your bank/credit union ( or go online or whatever ) and they 'll asses you based on your income and repayment capacity . 
  the fact that you have n't had debt before is n't really gon na go against you . 
  also a republic here . 
  if 50 % vote for party a , 30 % party b and 20 % party c , then that is the make up of parliament ( more or less ) . 
  the president is elected on a whole country basis , but just because the majority of people in , say dublin , voted for candidate a , those votes for candidate b are n't simply excluded because , well dublin voted for candidate a. bs votes will join with all the other votes for b around the country and he/she could still win . 
  our police are going on strike on friday this week . 
  there not legally allowed go on strike so the plan is for them all to call in sick , except a skeleton crew of armed response teams and the probationers who will get kicked out if they strike . 
  its looking like we 'll have about 1000 cops covering the whole country . 
  let the purge commence , ladies and gentlemen, 
  20 days holidays per year plus 13 days bank holidays so 33 is the legal minimum , but most companies will offer more .
