why take the case in ireland ? 
  did i miss something obvious in the article or did they just pick a country out of a hat . 
  also , how are they affording lawyers ? 
  they ai n't cheap in dublin and i 'm relatively certain they wo n't qualify for free legal aid !, 
  sounds good to me . 
  its bloody freezing up here, 
  if i told you i 'd have to kill you i 'm afraid, 
  if they get to move , then were going too . 
  portugal , you guys up for a new neighbour ? 
  i know you 're right , but meh , i wo n't be loosing any sleep over it . 
  they lost their right for a fair trial the second they left europe . 
  good riddance tbh, 
  i 've done : ireland ( obviously ) , uk , france , spain , portugal , france , germany & belgium . 
  i 've a lot of catching up to do !, 
  i did n't cry troll because you criticised our taxation system , i called you a troll because you reduced a country that fought long and hard for independence to a `` southern province '' which , whether you think it is acceptable or not , is factually incorrect . 
  its a country , a republic , get over it . 
  re the tax system , there certainly are problems with it , i doubt i think there 's as many as you do , but i 'm certainly not going to debate them with someone on the internet who could n't even be bothered to recognise that ireland is a country ffs . 
  northern ireland is n't a province either , btw . 
  southern irish province ? 
  if you 're gon na troll pal at least try and be factually correct . 
  state might work perhaps . 
  1/10 - poor effort, 
  ah no , we 'll keep that as is thanks very much, 
  yeah - not exactly a great headline , but i just copied it verbatim . 
  i think this is actually a really good idea . 
  provided it 's back dated and i get one . 
  only if you take sligo as well, 
  this wo n't be popular , but i accept . 
  where to i sign ? 
  i 'm sure something can be arranged . 
  i 'll make some calls, 
  its fine , we can move down beside portugal . 
  could do with some better weather, 
  depends on the size of the page , 
  that 's annoying . 
  $ 5 would be standard for a bottle of heineken/budweiser etc , you 'd pay $ 6/7 for a craft beer . 
  found a bar selling beer for $ 4.40 the other week and was thrilled with myself, 
  in a bar or off license ? 
  $ 3 is pretty cheap for a bar ( at least , it is here in dublin ), 
  true . 
  maybe it was n't a full year , but it 's a good 6 months anyway . 
  meteor in ireland got rid of roaming fees about a year ago , in anticipation of this . 
  played it off as if they were just being really generous . 
  it worked . 
  watch the bbc news, 
  you 've gone too far . 
  i was being facetious , in reply to the comment ` neither of which is very accepting of immigrants right now ' which is untrue in ireland 's case . 
  ( we had a 15 % ish increase in immigration last year ) . 
  i 'm well aware of how immigration actually works, 
  picture does n't really do it justice to be fair . 
  could n't find a decent one . 
  ah we 'll take him , it 's grand . 
  we 're still letting people in . 
  from wikipedia , for convenience : originally the site of a monastic settlement , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] the island is dominated by an 18th-century star fort named fort mitchel . 
  the island 's strategic location within the harbour meant it was used at times for defence and as a prison . 
  basically , a uk tv station called babestation changed it 's phone numbers recently , unknowing that if you called the phone number from an irish phone without putting the uk dialing code before it , the number was the same as a few numbers in westport , a town in the rural west of ireland . 
  this resulted in people in westport getting suggestive phone calls late at night . 
  babestation have changed the number , and to apologise , sent three models to spent the day walking around westport , much to locals delight . 
  trumps inauguration , with a twist : http://www.todayfm.com/mobile/index.php?id=35489, 
  dunno how i feel about us and russia being the only ones who like hyundais ... 
  it 's all about how you spin it, 
  also , europe ca n't declare war on anyone ... 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  ireland has 99 % 2g coverage and 94 % 4g . 
  i 'm assuming 3g is somewhere in between . 
  source : https://www.meteor.ie/ournetwork/ ( taking the meteor network , cos it 's the first one i found stats for . 
  both 3 and vodafone are bigger and have better coverage ), 
  christmas eve , the kids go to bed early for santa then on christmas day , it 's very family orientated . 
  get up really early to see what santa left and exchange gifts with immediate family . 
  morning is usually spent visiting family and catching up . 
  big dinner of turkey and ham . 
  the time varies family to family but usually sometime between 12-4 . 
  the rest of day is usually spent having a few drinks with family/friends in someone 's house , or just chilling out at home . 
  depends on the family . 
  i 'm not sure how true this fun fact is . 
  if you 're from outside the eu/eea you need a visa to live and work here, 
  it 's levi oh sa , not levios sah !, 
  i believe the official term here is `` fucking speed camera '' as in , bollocks , i did n't see the fucking speed camera in time to slow down . 
  the article about the london underground on that sub was actually quite interesting, 
  as i said , regardless of your opinions of him as a politician, 
  theres a guy from waterford too , is n't there ? 
  vaguely remember something about it during the marriage equality referendum, 
  this would have been unthinkable in ireland 15/20 years ago . 
  kind of amazing the speed of progress ( regardless of your opinions of him as a politician ), 
  i 'm well aware of where they 're from , and that they spell centre incorrectly over there - it was an ( admittedly poor ) attempt at humour . 
  centre . 
  god i hate that woman, 
  center / twitch, 
  i just love that no one here takes anything too seriously . 
  everything has a `` be grand '' attitude about it . 
  makes for quite a peaceful life . 
  * looks at flair  cut off its ~ ~ hand ~ ~ head . 
  it worked for us . 
  fixed that for you, 
  just to access geo-blocked content . 
  not in the least bit worried about my isp or the government tbh, 
  you can buy them in pretty much any shop or petrol station , but it 's pretty heavily regulated . 
  no advertising , they ca n't be visible , and obvious no selling to minors . 
  the shop is just allowed have a generic sign saying tobacco products on sale here . 
  they also ca n't be sold in packs of less than 20 ( been that way for about 10 years , at least ! ) .
