  but hey , he hes managing to make money out of it then fair play to him !, 
  well til . 
  have genuinely never heard of him, 
  1 in primary school ( think 6/7 years olds ) they would be taught writing like in your example above . 
  once they are like 9/10 they move to cursive writing . 
  2 i genuinely ca n't remember what we were shown in school . 
  i know i use the dash on a seven , and in my job i deal with a lot of people who are writing numbers , and the majority of people would use the dash . 
  3 i distinctly remember being thought to write 1 with the little cap and the base , but in reality every one just writes it as a straight line , like this -  |, 
  we had it in ireland too , but i 'd be very confident this is not ireland, 
  you 're gon na find crazies in every country to be fair, 
  who ? 
  when polish people first started coming to ireland , they were seen as imigrants , but , now there 's such a huge community if polish people here , and they been here for so long that there are plenty of them in good jobs , are buying houses , have very good english etc , they 're now seen as more european neighbours i think . 
  but if you 're from anywhere from say italy/germany west , you 're definitely seen as an expat instead of as an immigrant . 
  it 's possible , but it 's an existence , not a life . 
  if you 've lost your job and ca n't find a new one you go on jobseekers allowance . 
  this is something like $ 180per week , but you will also get subsidised housing ( your rent would be something like $ 20/25pw , state will pay the rest ) , and free healthcare . 
  you may also qualify for free travel or some other benefits depending on your situation . 
  like other countries , you are require to be actively seeking work and able to take up employment immediately . 
  if you have a disability , then you receive disability allowance , which pays a slightly higher rate as far as i know , along with all the benefits listed above . 
  you may also qualify for other supports , like a carer , social worker , respite care etc etc. 
  it really depends on your situation . 
  personally , i could n't live on $ 180 a week , even if my rent was paid . 
  there are people who do it , and send a few very poor cvs to jobs knowing that they wo n't get hired to maintain it , but this is really frowned upon , and it 's probably only 1pc of the population who are like this . 
  same in dublin . 
  it 's almost become like a second st. patrick 's day, 
  same, 
  primary school is 2 months , second level is 3 months . 
  reason for the longer break for 2nd level is that the state exams go on for first month of the break , and the teachers are needed to supervise students taking exams and to mark them afterwards . 
  we get a polling card in the post in the week or so before an election telling you where your voting place is . 
  usually a local school or community centre . 
  then , on polling day , the polls are open from 7am till 10pm . 
  you show up the hall is divided into streets , areas , etc and you go to the place that covers your address . 
  you give the person at the desk your id and they find you on their spreadsheet and mark through your name with a pen to say you 've voted . 
  the person beside the name guy will then hand your the ballot paper ( or papers , we tend to hold a few elections together ) and they will have been stamped with some weird sequence of holes in the top corner to validate it . 
  you then go into one of the voting booths , and in an election you rank your candidates from 1-however many are voting . 
  it has the candidate 's name , party , party logo and photograph . 
  in a referendum , it will state the proposed amendment at the top of the page and then below say do you agree with proposal to change the constitution , and a box marked yes/t \u00e1 and no/n \u00edl . 
  you mark x in the box that applies . 
  all the above is in both english and irish on the same sheet . 
  for the actual results , we use single transferrable vote , proportional representation . 
  constituencies have between 3 and 5 seats in the dail ( parliament ) . 
  there will be a quota worked out on the day based on total number of valid votes cast , and as candidates hit the quota they are deemed elected and their surplus votes are distributed to the 2nd candidate marked on those papers . 
  this continues until all spots are filled , or there are no more surplus votes to distribute . 
  at this point , the lowest ranked candidates is eliminated , and all of their votes are distributed . 
  this then continues until all the spots are filled . 
  referendum is a simple majority vote . 
  each constituency declares their number of yes and no votes and declares whether or not the motion is carried . 
  they then send their constituencies results to the national count centre who keeps a tally of nationwide votes . 
  once all constituencies return their results , the national returning officer declares the result . 
  made in ireland is a big thing here , people like to buy local where possible . 
  a product that you could get in ireland , wo n't advertise the fact that what you 're buying is n't from ireland . 
  the country of origin will be written in tiny letters . 
  when it suits marketers , it 'll be very visible on the packaging . 
  for example , camembert will have a huge french flag on the pack . 
  yep , we have the irish credit bureau who tracks all debt and if you 're repaying it or not . 
  whoops . 
  i think the oldest structure in ireland is [ newgrange passage tomb ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/newgrange ) , but c. 3200 bc , so coming in at over 5,200 years old . 
  edit : mixed up ad and bc like an idiot, 
  ireland : most supermarkets would close about 10 , but you 'll always find a small 24hr petrol station where you can get bread or milk . 
  most of these would be smaller stores , with relatively expensive prices and little variety . 
  i can think of one 24hr supermarket though within 10 mins of my house , you could do your weekly shop here at 3am if you want . 
  as far as i know this one is 24/7 ( ie including sundays ) vast majority of shops are open every day , but are open for a little less on a sunday usually - shop might open at 10am rather than 7am . 
  some smaller shops would close on a sunday but that would be quite rare nowadays . 
  as for restraunts , mcdonald 's kfc and burger king have started opening 24 hours ( theres 6 within a 10 min drive from me ) but other than that , most would close around 11/12 or 2/3am if they are fast food . 
  pubs opening hours depend on the pubs licence . 
  standard closing time is 10am-11 .30 pm mon-thurs , 10am-12 .30 am fri-sat , and 11am-11pm on sunday . 
  in the city centre , the majority of pubs would have a late licence - an average night i 'd be out until 3.30 / 4am before it becomes difficult to find a drink . 
  and we call the president an uachtarain ( u ick ter awn ), 
  tight as a nuns knickers this is a phrase we use to describe a cheap person, 
  i say `` holy shit '' every now and again . 
  i dunno if that counts, 
  the average price where i live ( dublin ) is about $ 400k . 
  the mortgage process is like this : - you get approval in principle from a bank , so you 'll know what you can borrow , then look for a house in your price range - central bank of ireland rules say that the maximum you can borrow is 3.5 x your gross annual salary , and that you must fund 10 % of the price yourself if you 're a first time buyer , 20 % if you 're a 2nd or subsequent time buyer , and 30 % if it 's an investment property . 
  - one you find the house , the bank gives you a formal offer letter , and there 's legal stuff/valuations/etc to be done and signed off - once all is in order you get your keys average property size in ireland is 88m . 
  i emailed my td for the first time last week on the nmh issue . 
  in fairness to him , i got an email back about 12 hours later . 
  also copied the minister for health 's general inbox but have yet to get a reply from them . 
  not expecting one though tbh . 
  temple bar is fantastic , it 's totally a typical area of dublin and you 'll definitely get an authentic irish experience . 
  some stage between 12:00 -14:00 , depending on how busy i am or what 's going on, 
  off the top of my head , i can get chinese , indian , pizza , italian ( pasta etc ) , `` chipper '' ( fish , chips , burgers , battered sausages , chicken etc ) , mexican , kebab place . 
  my local supermarket will deliver whatever you want aswell with a few hours notice . 
  there 's also a company who will just go wherever you want and by it to take away and then you pay them back for the food plus a delivery charge . 
  i have a tv , and it 's connected to cable , but i very rarely watch it . 
  i might stick it on in the morning just for some background noise while i 'm getting ready for work . 
  the majority of the time , i use it for streaming netflix , youtube or showbox , or for casting something i have saved on my laptop, 
  they 're quite insistent on us learning it here tbh . 
  they start it in play school, 
  there 's a state pension that ( at the moment ) pays about 200pw. , which is not nearly enough to live on so you need to fund a private pension as well . 
  i currently pay 2.5 % of my salary into my pension and my employer matches it with another 11 % . 
  the money i put in comes out of my pre-tax income , so paying into a pension reduces my tax bill each month . 
  this is invested in a fund of my choice and i can log in online and check how it 's performing . 
  i 'm actually a financial advisor so all too often people who did n't have a good pension plan in place , and what happens when you retire without one , so it 's something i was very aware of getting set up nice and early in my career . 
  i see your link and raise you : https://youtu.be/ps3kxgo_gro, 
  no cost for sepa transactions within the eurozone . 
  it 's all covered in the $ 4 monthly charge . 
  i watch it only so i can join take the piss out if the contestants on twitter tbh . 
  getting the rer from paris city centre out to disney with my gf , and when we arrived , i got out of the train and walked towards the barrier . 
  realised i had left my ticket that i 'd need to get off the platform on the train and went to go back to get it - it 's the last stop , train was sitting there . 
  some security guy stopped me and said you have no ticket , you must pay a fine .
