  tried to explain several times in both english and ( admittedly poor ) french , but he was having none of it . 
  so i was like ok , give me the fine , thinking he 'd just take my address and post it to me and i 'd just forget about it and argue about it further when i got home . 
  the fucker then takes out a credit card machine and i had to pay it there and then :( disney cheered me right up tho . 
  jesus that 's depressing ... 
  admittedly , i 've never had german potato soup , but i kinda assumed we 'd hold that honour . 
  must give your version a try . 
  various news apps on my phone . 
  read em on the way into work . 
  tv when something big has happened . 
  could n't tell you the last time i bought a newspaper . 
  think i may have flicked through one in a waiting room about a month ago . 
  spain . 
  better weather . 
  ireland fibre 120mb down , 30ish up . 
  city suburbs $ 48pm ( also includes a phone connection which i dont think i 've used in the 2.5 years i 've been living here ) no caps, 
  friendly rival is probably scotland . 
  kinda serious rival / arch enemy ( depending on who you ask ) would be england . 
  still is default . 
  they may ask you if you 'd like tap it bottled but it will be still unless you ask for sparkling specifically . 
  dublin : 1029 years young officially according to wikipedia , but apparently there are records that can be traced back to 140ad of settlements in the area , so make of that what you will !, 
  * ireland : * we 'll take the piss out of you for being an american , but do n't take offence . 
  we take the piss out of everyone . 
  that said , do n't be a stereotypical american . 
  no one likes them . 
  as for being black , wo n't be an issue in ireland anyway . 
  we 're pretty multicultural these days . 
  older people in rural areas might look twice at you , but that 's more to do with the shock of seeing a black person - we would n't have many outside of cities/large towns . 
  we do , unfortunately , have our minority of racists in the country , but they would likely not speak out in public as any other irish people around would tell them to cop on or fuck off . 
  english will obviously be grand should you choose to come here . 
  enjoy your trip !, 
  u/gregorf92 has answered better than i ever could . 
  would be very rare you 'd find liver in an irish breakfast tho . 
  god i 'd love some white pudding right now, 
  which itself pales in comparison to the full irish . 
  yeah it 's usually fine . 
  there is some places where it does n't taste great but for the most part it tastes fine, 
  would be pretty casual here - we do n't even call them professors , they 're lecturers . 
  you address them by their first name , and they 'd have a bit of craic with you . 
  got drunk with course director ( who we had a nickname for , and called him by it ) and the rest of the lecturers on the teaching team on more than one occasion . 
  works well - we were never afraid to ask for more help if it was needed , and if they gave us an assignment or something it was done without question . 
  i miss college ... 
  not quite slang , but fiat is sometime called a ` fix it again tomorrow ', 
  29.6 % , but i 'm just renting a room . 
  that does n't include any bills either . 
  dublin 's expensive . 
  ikea ran out of chairs . 
  there was raised voices , and unconfirmed reports of meatballs being thrown . 
  no reports of casualties just yet - trump will update us shortly, 
  whatsapp and fb by far the most popular . 
  viber to a much lesser extent . 
  i know one person who uses telegram, 
  the states , the us or america would be equally common here i think, 
  tv licence fee is about 180eur per year , and that goes to fund to rte , which is the public broadcaster . 
  they make a big deal about inspectors calling round to check to make sure you have the licence but i 've never seen one , and i 've never heard of anyone being prosecuted for it tbh . 
  nationwide , you get the following for free via saorview , which is the digital terrestrial service . 
  the old terrestrial network was turned off a few years ago . 
  rte 1 ( hd , +1 ) rte 2 ( hd ) rte news now rte junior tv3 ( hd , +1 ) 3e be3 tg4 ( irish language channel ) oireachtas tv ( parliament tv channel ) but , in dublin , you get cable for free . 
  no idea why , but you can just plug your tv into the wall and you have the following : rte 1 rte 2 tv3 3e be3 tg4 channel 4 e4 bbc 1 bbc 2 sky 1 sky news sky living discovery channel mtv, 
  whatsapp is king here too . 
  it 's much easier to send pics/videos etc that way . 
  viber is also used a bit as well , but the majority would use whatsapp, 
  i 'm just gon na leave this here https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/3dpuxy/visiting_your_beautiful_country_this_weekend_want/, 
  we 've claimed him as ours . 
  and in the event of a conflict between the two , the irish language version takes precedence . 
  the agency you will need to report it to is the garda national immigration bureau ( gnib ), 
  we do have landfills , but the majority of waste is either recycled or composted . 
  big incinerator currently being built to send less to landfill . 
  not really common here at all . 
  we just drink in someone 's house or go to the pub . 
  outside pubs that have no smoking area you 'd see people drinking in the summer you might see people going to the beach or the park for a few drinks , but our summer only lasts for like 2 days so that does n't really count . 
  yeah 20 % at standard rate ( income up to 32k eur ish ) and 40 % on income above that ( although you get at least the first 3300 back as tax credits , maybe more depending on your circumstances ) i actually had to look up the income limits cos all i knew was i did n't qualify for one . 
  it 's a measly 184eur a week with an additional 26eur per week per dependant child . 
  they do give discretionary ones though , so if you have a serious illness like cancer for example , you 'll get one regardless of income . 
  between 184-276eur / wk you can get a gp visit card , which entitles you to free gp visits , but not hospital appointments or medicine . 
  it 's expensive !, 
  we have a two tier system , private and public . 
  if you 're on the private system , you get health insurance from a range of providers , and then you give you 're membership number to the hospital , and they bill the insurance provider directly ( subject to your plan ) . 
  you may be treated in a private hospital or a public one , depending on your coverage and what is wrong with you . 
  if you call an ambulance , it will always take you to a public hospital . 
  on the public system , if your income is below a certain level , you receive a medical card , which entitles you to free healthcare at any public hospital and prescription drugs for 50c per prescription . 
  if you do n't have a medical card , there is a $ 100 flat fee to attend accident and emergency if you do n't have a referral letter from your gp ( this is to stop people just showing up at a&e unnecessarily . 
  outpatient services are free of charge , and if you stay in the hospital over night there is a $ 75 euro charge up to a yearly cap of $ 750 . 
  there 's no extra charges for specialist treatment or x-rays etc. 
  you pay for medicine as you need it , but again , if you have a serious illness or youre buying a lot of drugs , you 'll get a drug payment scheme card which will cover it for you . 
  if you 're on the public system , and you 're on a waiting list for a procedure for more than 6 months ( i think ) the health service will pay for you to go to a private hospital for treatment . 
  we pay a percentage of our salary in prsi ( pay related social insurance - about 4 % ) and your employer pays 10 % as well . 
  as far as i know , you can get a rebate on this if you 're paying for private health insurance . 
  the main problem we have here is overcrowding in public hospitals, 
  our police force is completely nationalised - they are called the garda siochana ( irish for guardians of the peace ) . 
  it is organised into districts though , each with a chief superintendent who runs that district . 
  these guys would look after local policing matters . 
  then there is also specialised units , who look after major crime ( ncbi - national bureau of criminal investigation , cab - criminal assets bureau , gndu - garda national drugs unit , sdu - special detective unit , eru - emergency response unit , to name a few ) but they are all part of the garda structure . 
  a cop here can get reassigned anywhere in the country , but will get allowances if they are transferred more than a certain number of km from their original station , as far as i know . 
  i think it 's more effective having a national force , as it ensures consistent standards throughout the country . 
  for example every trains in and gets their degree in policing from the same training centre . 
  it also means that when necessary , cases can be referred up to the correct unit without issues like jurisdiction getting in the way i have no problem with the central government having policing power - in fact i would rather it was held there than at a local level . 
  unfortunately not :(, 
  ours places the life of a foetus on equal footing with the life of the mother carrying it , hence the lack of abortion here , unless there is a real and substantial threat to the health of the mother . 
  whatever your views on abortion , i do n't think that the constitution is the place to talk about it . 
  it should be dealt with by statute .
