poland lost islands too . 
  my neighbour set himself on fire in front of theprime minister office few years ago and his life is now quite normal again . 
  easier said than done . 
  meh , it is just as bad idea as any tax ( and just as good ) , i do n't see any big differences . 
  no you would n't . 
  there is a cap , this tax ca n't be bigger than $ 2.50 . 
  there is a cap , this tax ca n't be bigger than $ 2.50 , so you would n't . 
  i know , i 've just wanted to pinpoint flaws in his argument . 
  and it is quite ironic that after pilsudski 's death poland was becoming both more anisemititic and more anti-germanic . 
  author took some big liberties in poland and especially in prussia , where one castle with 7 knights became big province . 
   was recreated by bandera , this part , bandera did n't create upa , he was then imprisoned by nazis in spandau . 
  so jedwabne massacre was both pilsudski 's and dmowski 's faults , because perpetrators could share their views !, 
  and holocaust was nietzsche 's and hegel 's fault . 
  actually he inherited it , than it was destroyed by lithuanians , rebuilt by poles and given city rights by king . 
  yeah , pilsudski is responsible for killing few hundred poles and enslavement of few thousands , bandera killed only one guy - minister pieracki , so bandera is much better guy . 
  bandera never made order to put all poles to sword , he had been then imprisoned for nearly two years in concentration camp sachsenahusen . 
   bandera not , bandera was then in sachsenhausen , main perperator was shukhevych . 
  mps , not meps . 
  ukip supports `` d * mocracy '' and `` socialism '' , knp does not . 
  this kid spat on cars , driver stopped to tell him that this is not right and then entire village comes in succor . 
  we have one - maszkowice : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1estcvn4qm4, 
  requirements are strict and because of it , they do n't get status , but you can always try . 
  economic immigrants trying to pass as asylum seekers . 
  maybe he has read only until these paragrahs about having multiple wives . 
  no , now we need to steal more german cars . 
  because poland needs money for star wars program . 
  france wanted to sell mirages to poland , which are no longer developed and it would be shitty deal for poland . 
  oh , great , poland would be able to buy 8 quality airplanes instead of 48 , wow . 
  i do n't see any shift . 
  wild sjw appears !, 
  baltic sea , north sea ... 
  bulgaria uses proportional representation , not first past the post . 
  you mean #teambatgod, 
  this one is interesting too : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wymysorys_language it is based on low german , polish , dutch , frisian and bit of old english . 
  yeah and it happened , because of wearing hijabs , which probably transmit virus of islamism . 
  it was actually legit concern , there are 200 000 elephants around the world and city pays 9 milion euros for the one , who wo n't produce offspring . 
  adding 76 milion citizen is big enough problem , turkey is more populous than all 10 states , which became members in 2004 . 
  yeah , they deserve fast therapy with bullets . 
  alexander is quite popular  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antipope#other_examples, 
  aryannation would be so sweet name for a little girl . 
  yeah , just as popular as sending second sons to monastery . 
  can i proclaim `` freemason '' as my nationality ? 
  why not both ? 
   when one of my polish friends was working in the uk , his employer did n't believe that my friend was polish . 
  why ? 
  because he knew only polish gypsies and he thought that all poles are lightly brown-skinned . 
  but krum is better player ... 
  you should learn history of your country . 
  not in ukraine . 
  kon-tiki , in the land of blood and honey , a lot of old movies : http://www.filmreference.com/encyclopedia/criticism-ideology/dubbing-and-subtitling-early-sound-film-and-multiple-language-versions.html a lot of bollywood movies , some quebecois movies like * tin flute * etc. 
  mostly dialogue scenes , scenes with action and cgi should be shot just once for the sake of production cost . 
  polish and english , doing bilingual movies would n't be a new thing for european cinema . 
  if they bring back stuarts 's heir ... 
  actually , they have never controlled transnistria . 
  yeah , you will be injected with super soldier serum . 
  but seriously , there will be no problems . 
  they are going to capture tanks on the battlefield . 
  actually even these three tanks are useless , they are t-55 . 
  poles have t-55 too , but only in museums . 
  iirc atlantis . 
  do n't worry , i 'm polish and it sounds weird to me too . 
   saint-nazaire 's shipyard employment : -1000 since 2009 , 9000 polish shipyards ' workers have lost their jobs , because of european commission 's ban on state aid and nobody bats an eye . 
  like lenin said : `` the capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them '' . 
  and who will be enforcing the payment of this penalty ? 
  so india , they will put them on the nepalese border . 
  stuarts are extinct , wittelsbachs are their heirs and franz , duke of bavaria would rule as francis ii . 
  it is about wires . 
  if police want to find out about smses , billings , localization of caller , they do n't need court 's permission . 
  and they do it quite often . 
  no , cops decide about it and they do n't have to ask about permission . 
  and commissioner for energy would be nice one too . 
  you mean 19th century and holy allliance or interwar period and league of nations ? 
  brotherhood of evil dictators . 
  people were saying exact same thing after georgia in 2008 ... 
  actually , if orban introduced first-past-the-post as only electoral system he would have even bigger , 90 % majority . 
  and italy . 
  there are 80 milion irish in the world and it does n't change the fact that todays ireland is well-governed . 
   also , maria emmanuel was a great man . 
  yeah , he was great . 
   abolishing the constitution was legal ( one may argue it was done under foreign pressure ) one may can argue too , if proclaiming constitution was legal - parliamentary opposition was n't informed about session , what is big no-no in democratic systems . 
  but 3rd may constitution was abolished and wetttins resigned of the title of duchy of warsaw . 
  and branch of wettins , who was supposed to rule poland is extinct . 
  romanovs were kicked out , so poland has no rightful king and we should held elections . 
  probably if polish media would n't force using word romani instead of gypsies , polish people would n't confuse romanis with romanians and we would be more friendly . 
  poles love hungarians , but they are not neighbours anymore . 
   enslavement from the 13th century up until the middle of the 19th century in eastern europe . 
  just like 90 % of society , what a shock . 
  sikorski was actually british citizen . 
  you can follow the link and check for yourself . 
  irish mep luke flanagan is strong contender to this glorious title too . 
  homosexual intercourse was powerfully negative thing for long time and heterosexualism was core european culture value . 
  why did we change it ? 
  maybe she confused him with raymond tusk from `` house of cards '', 
  poland has actually two black mps : godson and munyama . 
  it 's interesting that obama was 5th african-american senator in the history of u.s. and poland , where black minority is nearly non-existent has 2 black mps . 
  so poland is monarchy or presidential republic ? 
  seriously , man ... 
  president is not the part of the government . 
  he says same thing . 
  president was from opposition , national bank governor got nominated by opposition , head of national security bureau was from opposition , one deputy parliament speakers was from opposition and civil rights commissioner got nominated by opposition .
