  jesus would n't be involved in tape scandal . 
  plane crash wiped out mostly politicians of the opposition , not our currently ruling party . 
  it is n't so easy as it seems , there are a lot of problems with recycling rare earth minerals , epecially cerium . 
  are you expecting tsunami in switzerland ? 
  to build windmill you need cerium , dysprosium , lanthanum , praseodymium , neodymium and europium , which are all finite resources . 
  one milion people ? 
  lol . 
  you know that chernobyl killed only 65 ? 
  maybe in your case you need to use only one hand . 
  we had elected our kings in polandit was like the worst idea ever . 
  we 've got young and brilliant prince bonaparte in ny ... 
  law & justice wo n't join epp , they have too much hate for polish member of epp - civic platform . 
  more like hardcore tea party . 
  npd is also not declaring as neo-nazi, 
  and 7 % for communists . 
  sad :(, 
  he was devoted to power , just look at his life , always on winning side . 
  before the war national radical , because it was popular in his school . 
  after war ordinary communist , in 1968 he pursued jews , because it was popular in communist party . 
  he supported gierek in 1970 , he overthrowed gierek in 1980 , only to have became author of the martial law and start to rule by himself . 
  yeah , because we know , that polish people love ruskies and soviet invasion would kill only fifty men . 
  we are biased , because we 've got new information through last 30 years . 
  it is like you said : `` hitler was stupid , he should put more divisions on omaha beach '' just look at interviews with comunists , who were arrested by jaruzelski 's forces at the beggining of the martial law . 
  they did n't like it , but they understand this decision , because they knew that soviet union had been unpredictable earlier . 
  soviet staff of the army was afraid that people 's army of poland will back soildarity and encircle soviet military facilities . 
  and bloody communists are solution , how somebody could be so delusional after what we 've seen in 20th century ? 
  these poor people from switzerland and norway , they are so destroyed by not being in eu . 
  for readers interested in poetry , great choice would be * the collected poems * by zbigniew herbert . 
  * stones for the rampart * is great read for youth , but it was published in english in 1944 and there was no reprints , so it is probably hard to get . 
  man , it is for them even worse than abortion of healthy child in third trimester . 
  ancient greeks despised lesbians and passive homosexuals . 
  but lions were decimated by last alliance of penguins and polar bears . 
  he sold it for $ 7.2 milllions in gold , which was shitoload of money in these days . 
  negotiator for u.s. , secretary of treasury william seward was strongly criticised for such a deal . 
  gold was discovered 24 years later and oil was discovered in 1968 , when romanovs were extincted for over 50 years . 
  so what is ukraine , which gdp per capita is half of the belarussian one ? 
  in poland we think that czech language is funnier version of polish . 
  census from 1897 was falsificated by russian authorities to make impression that these land were not inhabited by polish people . 
  look at this data and you 'll see how much bullshit they are . 
  what happened to 300 000 belarussians from 1897 ? 
  13 years later they do n't even exist . 
  in 1897 , poles were the largest ethnic group in vilnius . 
  your post is so full of lithuanian nationalist bullshit that it makes me sick . 
  vilnius was polish city , it was even more jewish than lithuanian . 
  yes . 
  but inflation is n't here so big thing . 
  really ? 
  i was just packing to take a trip to your country . 
  gypsies . 
  yeah , you need to watch series of documentaries from 60s called `` the man from u.n.c.l.e. '', 
  wait , you are from ethiopia , are n't there people black or something like that ? 
  one prayer a day makes muslims go away . 
  you may overstated muslim population in france . 
  oh man , how could he win with such big support ... labour really is in sorry state . 
  serbians are friends of the watch . 
  now they can help poor hungarian minority stuck in serbia . 
  ... smoke weed every day ... 
  saudis care very much about religion - it is very hard for non-muslim tourists to visit this country . 
  yeah crocs are shoes, 
  was this food ? 
  but your video shows americans , they have different culture from us . 
  let 's compare it with polish supermarkets : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzqxkx3r_5u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptstg_iu3zg, 
  your / pol / is there -- , 
  spain , italy , portugal . 
  it 's a normal shirt . 
  this guy was called emil gallo , he did n't die that day , but he killed himself three years later . 
  `` soviet troops '' ? 
  ok , i do n't see a problem , let 's keep it this way ... 
  but they did n't assimilate in syria throughout hundreds of years , middle eastern christians are like worst choice if you wanted to choose people who easily fit in . 
  super-dank me , please !, 
  but nazis have more fitting parties there like nationaldemokraterna or something like this . 
  and nazis probably despise sd for not being outspoken against jews and israel, 
  at least nobody blamed refugees yet . 
  it was out of wedlock , it was clearly evil . 
  it 's shame that you were n't there , doctor . 
  swiss 's 7th richest man . 
  you can probably buy such land for hundred pounds , go and do it . 
  beneficiaries of homestead act were given 65 times more . 
  you 're making bad comparison and here you can see why : http://aeon.co/magazine/philosophy/male-and-female-circumcision-are-equally-wrong/, 
  delivering multimodal integrated ticketing in europe i think . 
  `` ein volk , ein reich , ein ticket '' sounds like traditional roman saying . 
  i thought that only poles believed in this central europe thing . 
  was n't figo a candidate ? 
  it 's great that we 've elected komorowski in power on last sunday , with duda in power we would never get civil partnership and now civic platform will give us them in no time . 
   kwa\u015bniewski was sld 's president for some time in active conflict with sld ... 
  are we sure that duda was n't born in kenya ? 
  itt people finding out that poland is not a small country . 
   why does poland receive so much ( wtf ! ) ? 
  maybe because it is the biggest and the most populous ? 
  based on the eu funds available per capita in 2014-2020 , slovakia ranks first with an annually eur 369 per capita , followed by hungary with eur 316 per capita , the czech republic with eur 299 , croatia -- eur 289 per capita and poland -- eur 288 . 
  it would be gramatically correct , wikipedia just shows an example . 
  because east europeans want to know situation in the country of their future employment . 
   he resigns in disgrace and moves to kamchatka to become a bear . 
  ftfy, 
  poland was removed to make other countries feel better . 
  it is not just few milion : http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2012/images/11/14/111312_china_one_child_bp.jpg, 
  how ? 
  are they in these private plans saving in canned food and drugs ? 
   paying for prison for some of them is a massive waste of taxpayers money . 
  resources are n't unlimited .
