  no one wants smoke in their face . 
  i am totally ok for smoking tobacco or weed inside specially made buildings only for smokers ( coffee shops , shisha parlors ) , but ( even though i smoke almost everything occasionally ) i really do n't want anyone smoking outside in general . 
  here 's my issue : indoors there 's health concerns . 
  outside ? 
  you have lots of things i do n't like too . 
  your car is probably using up too much parking space , i do n't like your music and you 're talking too loud . 
  i may even think your kid is a noisy shit head . 
  part of living with other humans is that some things they do you do n't like . 
  when there are health concerns . . alright . 
  but outside ? 
  in public ? 
  that 's too far . 
  as a side note : in most places you ca n't smoke in coffee shops . 
  outdoors is literally all that 's left . 
  which movies are you thinking of ? 
  because most i can think of deal with individuals or individual squads in isolated circumstances , not the overall contribution to the war . 
  we were n't so much a distraction as a financier and industrial partner . 
  europe could stop other european countries from manufacturing ( bombs ) but could n't stop the us because we were so far away . 
  what did we do aside from make movies about ourselves ? 
  the french make movies about the french , the russians make movies about russians ... it 's just what people identify with the most . 
  you guys consume our movies . 
  that 's the only difference . 
   oh you mean worse than 3 core european country with 50 % youth unemployment who just are a single publicized death by police brutality from civil war and revolution ? 
  it can actually get far worse than what has happened . 
   historically , bond rates actually recover suprisingly quickly after default . 
  is n't argentina still pretty fucked because of their default ? 
   the u.s. especially since it has no health insurance and ca n't compare to social welfare states . 
  even before obamacare the vast majority of people in the us had healthcare and the vast majority of them did n't pay out of pocket . 
   dae letting workers decide their fate is dangerous ? 
   no one thinks that there 's a problem with letting workers decide their fate . 
  many just have different definitions of `` decide their fate '' . 
  to most not allowing people to seize your property ( house , business , food , whatever ) you worked for is not considered a restriction on the person who 'd like to steal it 's ability to `` decide their fate '' ... and the anarchists/leninists i 've run into disagree . 
   the fallacy you 're referring to is that of appealing to undeserved authority . 
  the fallacy has nothing to do with whether it 's deserved or not . 
  it 's just `` appeal to authority '' - because a properly made argument should depend on the facts the authority said , not simply the position the authority figure has . 
  it 's also reminiscent of how the roma specifically were treated around that time . 
  a lot of people forget how many of them were exterminated . 
  i run a us/canadian corporation . 
  even here on business it 's no problem . 
  here for pleasure is even easier . 
   we westerners should n't have to stoop down in the name of lord austerity and lady competitiveness . 
  and this is what your position on estonia is about . 
  not actually estonia , but what you see it representing . 
   wo n't happen unless they start offering silicon valley equivalent salaries ... 
  which require silicon valley level venture capital infrastructure . 
   basic income does not mean `` everyone makes $ 20 an hour no matter what '' . 
  this has literally nothing to do with what i 'm talking about . 
  thus far the phrase `` basic income '' has not shown up once in this set of comments , so i do n't know why you 're acting like i do n't know what it is . 
  you 're not even replying to what i say . 
  you 're just kind of going off on your own separate rant . 
  it 's not pushing it under the rug ... it 's that it 's totally irrelevant to the issue . 
  if everyone made the same amount down to the penny we would still have finite supplies of resources that we would be competing with an exponentially growing population for . 
  scarcity is not an income inequality problem . 
  money is an abstract representation of resources , but the resources it represents are not in use ( read : more scarce ) until it is spent . 
  that 's not how economies work . 
  most of `` rich people 's '' assets are just companies that produce the things you need . 
  it 's not like one person is actually building things solely for himself with 40 % of the world 's lumber , or is dining on 40 % of the world 's avocados . 
  no , but the resources available do not grow with population size . 
  scarcity happened . 
  as it turns out , we like to fuck and in doing so create lots of people who want the same things we do . 
  which part ? 
  it 's a petrostate . 
  they 're remarkably resilient until they 're really really not . 
   if other nato members want to buy ships , i am sure french will gladly make couple of more . 
   the point is that nato does n't want `` more '' ships , they want the ones that would otherwise go to russia . 
  yeah , and we are talking about the ussr which was not 1000 years old . 
  and the fact that the countries that lived through being a part of the ussr are the ones most critical of it is just a coincidence , right ? 
  i should have guessed . 
  from now on i 'll assume places like poland shit bricks when russia flexes it 's muscle because they have faulty memories . 
  my favorite thing about / r/europe : seeing the disconnect between what russians think of the ussr and what everyone else thinks of the ussr . 
  it now means `` does n't want to be a russian satellite state '' . 
  because you 'd only want that if you were a nationalist , and if you 're a non-russian nationalist you must be a fascist . 
  oh i should probably have mentioned : `` great value '' is the walmart brand . 
  we have `` great value '' brand . 
  it 's a little questionable . 
  yeah i still do n't see anyone significant that is in favor of this . 
  there 's * one * unc professor cited . 
   yeah and people have been saying that france 's economic collapse is imminent since 2008 . 
  i 'm not saying it 's all well and dandy , just exaggerated . 
  just because it did n't happen does n't mean the threat was exaggerated . 
  france was owed a lot of money by a lot of unstable countries without strong enough banks to back it up if they fell . 
  it 's great that the worst did n't happen but it was a very real risk . 
  yeah , i 've never heard anyone say that , none the less someone with influence . 
  i 'd say no one is saying it all but i 'm sure there 's an internet comment somewhere that wants it ? 
  either way , in the us that would be about as popular as a polio-gonorrhea hybrid . 
  godwins law never really accounted for the godwin being right . 
  energy drink aficionado here : there is a noticable difference in sugary vs sugar free energy drinks of the same brand . 
  if you are illiterate nothing can be done . 
  thank god most people are n't . 
  skills . 
  just skills . 
  errrr ... hey there . 
  i started a company . 
  no investors , little personal capital . 
  currently at ~ 2-3 million usd per year . 
  20 employees . 
  spent several years before that doing the self employed thing , know many doing the same and doing well . 
  it 's not so bad . 
  major clients include banks , visa , intel , etc. 
  or medicaid or medicare .
