  let 's be real : he 's using it as an excuse for direct attacks to support his buddy assad . 
  that 's really it . 
  russia 's press is not even close to free , particularily on tv where russians get most of their media from . 
  it 's not a coincidence that major media keeps falling under either direct government control or control of close putin allies . 
   yeah i know , nothing more or less than israel is doing past few decades - gee whiz unbelievable , am i right or wrong , right ? 
  annexing part of a european country is a lot more than israel is doing in the eyes of the countries closest to russia . 
  want proof ? 
  this is it . 
  they 're not seen the same , and the reactions to each country shows that reality crystal clear . 
  gee whiz , what has russia done lately that would make countries distrust them and be extra sensitive to their military 's actions ? 
   i mean if anyone should know that , it is you - greek and turkish fighter jets violate each others air space all the time greece and turkey are allies in nato . 
  russia recently invaded a european country and annexed their land . 
  see the difference ? 
  from what base ? 
  they would have to fly from russia , would have very little time to fight over turkey before they had to return , and would have trouble resupplying missiles/bombs quickly to their aircraft , which is a major problem when dealing with aa . 
  and they ca n't just march their ground forces across other countries . 
  in a defensive war with no shared land border ? 
  they actually would . 
  and russia 's syrian allies include hezbollah !, 
  it 's the middle east . 
  this shit is never gon na be clean . 
  syria is hardly even a fucking country anymore . 
  they barely control a significant percentage of the ground , nevermind airspace . 
  because russia dropping a nuke on a nato ally would definitely be the end of russia not just as a country , but as a habitable state . 
  and likely the rest of the world too . 
  at least in the us nato is not a joke . 
  the second a nuke gets dropped we are in the game and playing for keeps . 
  edit : you can downvote however much you 'd like . 
  the reality is that there would barely be a single person left alive in russia if they dropped a nuke on any nato ally . 
  we would destroy everyone assuming we were next . 
  but that does n't say where it was shot from , or where the plane was when it was shot . 
  the specific buk system was tracked courtesy of pictures taken on its way in and back from eastern ukraine . 
  it came from russia . 
  the history of practically every group that has struggled to integrate is that by the 2nd or 3rd generation they 've done it completely . 
  ... it 's a style of writing . 
  and lying is hardly a skill unique to pr . 
   because this reads like a false propaganda piece , of course it reads like a pr piece . 
  that 's what the dude is used to writing . 
   are there any muslims which are opposed to sharia law under all circumstances ? 
  generally the `` moderates '' who appear on tv spout bullshit that they are not asking for sharia law because it is not a muslim country . 
  without actually condemning it . 
  i 'm in the us , but yes . 
  i 've known several . 
  i would say a majority of the ones i 've known . 
  so story time . 
  i play around a lot with poi . 
  fire , glow , whatever . 
  i 'm in a facebook game where people challenge you to do it to a song and record it . 
  i got a hard style song a couple weeks ago . 
  first time i 'd heard the genre . 
  sober was definitely not working . 
  every time i 'm fucked up now , i try it again ( substances very much influence how i poi and what to ) . 
  so far tried it on weed , mushrooms , coke , whatever . 
  fails across the board . 
  the genre has secured a special place in my heart that is full of hate . 
  and no substance lessens that so far . 
  it 's fast , abrupt , and just generally incomprehensible to me . 
  is it just like dutch country music ? 
  hard style : singlehandedly making me grow a little bit of disdain for the dutch . 
  sudden changes in export dynamics do n't . 
  you know ... 
  if you export properly . 
   western imposed sanctions may end up being a blessing in disguise for the russian economy over the long run because of this . 
  people have been saying this since before they were imposed . 
  reality has yet to agree . 
  no they actually ca n't . 
  there are banking and currency restrictions on russia that make it a lot more difficult , especially when they 're forced to deal largely in rubles that pretty literally no one wants . 
  russia 's debt levels okay , but that 's partially because no one wants to loan russia money . 
   i bet that 's what they said about the jews . 
  yes , you would win that bet . 
  [ it 's not exactly an original claim . 
  ] ( http://dcc.newberry.org/system/artifacts/476/original/puck-mortar-of-assimilation.jpg ), 
   because a nuclear war or bombing are the only option with north korea ? 
  yes there is pretty literally nothing we can do there . 
  china is also a nuclear power . 
   you ( usa ) caused the fall of the regime , they are fleeing to europe now . 
  no , no we did n't . 
  the syrians started all this , and the people we support now are not even a large percent of the fighters . 
  why yes , we are not willing to start a nuclear war ( for 2 of those 3 ) ? 
  or start bombing africa ? 
  i mean , she could also be legitimately concerned about families fleeing the war with assad and isis . 
  could also be that . 
   in america , corporations are people . 
  just so you know : that 's not actually true and any time you say it anyone who knows what the court ruling said just rolls their eyes . 
   should be noted that sanders is polling better than paul ever did . 
  sanders is guaranteed to win a few primary states ( paul never won one ) and has already raised more money ( $ 41 mil ) than ron paul did in 2012 ( $ 40 mil ) . 
  paul also had a ground game strategy that could throw a bunch of delegates his way even if he technically lost . 
  so there was that . 
  for some reason it 's surprising to see someone whose primary language is not english use `` noice '' . 
  holy shit , you guys are beyond fluent . 
  yeah , i 'm not blaming countries for only having tents . 
  i 'm just also not blaming people for complaining . 
  cold tents fucking suck , and there might be something simple that can be done about it . 
  yeah , and they 're also in tents ... 
  also it seems like a lot of the emphasis is on the temperature , which may be an entirely reasonable complaint . 
  most slander and libel laws ( at least in the us ) require you to know it 's false . 
  oponions ( i.e. 
  : beliefs that you actually believe ) are almost universally protected . 
   it is not in the interest of obama to have good relations with russia , it is in our interest as european to have good relations with russia . 
   has nothing to do with anything here .
