  with a history that long do you really think a couple of years where they 're * only * deported and having their villages burnt down is going to make them trust europe again ? 
  * they were being forcibly sterilized about a decade ago * . 
  that 's a big deal , not even counting the horseshit that goes on today . 
   many other ethnics were treated in similar fashion and they do not behave like gypsies . 
  first off i would also say that no - there has never been another ethnicity that has been abused the way the gypsies have been for as long as they have been . 
  it 's been centuries with only small changes in the degree of persecution that exists . 
  secondly : many other ethnicities have a homeland and government to support them . 
  gypsies/romani do n't . 
  they 've got little in the way of representation , almost never gotten any form of apology , and certainly never got assistance the way the jewish people did after world war 2 . 
  europe pretty much picked up after their genocide in wwii and continued making the same mistakes of the past ( minus the genocide ) . 
   but sill dedicate their lives to the drug business , rape , begging and threatening the government with claims about `` racism '' this is a huge generalization . 
  you think the average gypsy dedicates himself to rape ? 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  if i were in a gypsy 's shoes , i would not trust europe at all . 
  there 's no remorse for the past , nothing that would indicate anything has changed . 
  it 's honestly bizarre that europe would think they could get only marginally better for a few years essentially not acknowledging the past and expect gypsies to trust them . 
  ah yes , there were only a couple centuries of bodily mutilation ( chopping off hands , ears , etc ) , slavery ( byzantine empire , romania ) , forced labor ( great roundup/spain in the 1700s ) mass deportations ( always , with extra large ones in kosovo ) , forced sterilization ( czechoslovakia in 1973-2001 ) , forced segregation ( slovakia in 2007 , lesser amounts in bulgaria , romania , hungary , and denmark where they were forced into special ed ) , frequent instances of abuse and having their villages burnt down ( germany , france , italy ) and a couple years of genocide ( holocaust ) . 
  europe has given the romani absolutely no reason to distrust them . 
  it 's only tried to kill them ( in a variety of scales ) , butcher them , burn them , deport them , and sterilize them . 
  for some reason `` the union '' sounds far more intimidating . 
  i 'm about as anti communist as you can get , but who cares ? 
  showing strong opposition to fascism is more important . 
  the enemy if my enemy is my friend . 
  is it hard to remove such teachers in greece ? 
  a hitler saluting nazi party having the power it does in greece is very worrying . 
  no exaggeration is necessary . 
   apart form the anti-slavery movement i ca n't think of a modern advance in morality that was n't a battle fought against those who consider themselves the standard bearers of christianity . 
  if you go back far enough , all sides considered themselves the standard bearers of christianity . 
  it was almost a pre-requisite for fighting a cause . 
  in the us this includes : world war 1 , world war 2 , the revolutionary war , the civil war , and most wars inbetween . 
  both sides of the war considered god `` on their side '' . 
   no , try getting the uk , france and germany to agree on any course of action , then factor in all the smaller states . 
  as far as equipment goes , nato has standardized some things , like 5.56 ammunition and command structures , but a local european army will be so divided by national politics and spending issues it will be unworkable . 
  odd , we got 50 states to cooperate , even after a brutal civil war that caused some serious tensions . 
   i work in a field that has been traditionally seen as male-dominated . 
  not all my colleagues are men , and of the candidates we interview , the ratio of well-prepared candidates we 'd love to hire reported to the ratio of poorly-prepared people we turn down is about the same for both men and women . 
  i 'm sensing someone else in the tech industry . 
  if so , what you 've said mirrors my experiences to the letter . 
   getting to top management positions relies heavily on networking and getting to know other top managers . 
  his is actually more difficult for women , since men often do networking in male-orientated situations like golf courses etc. 
  first off i 've rarely seen golf used as a networking kind of thing in my industry . 
  secondly , women are just as capable of golfing or ( more likely in the real world ) going to the bar as men . 
   this is actually more difficult for women , since men often do networking in male-orientated situations like golf courses etc. 
   i do n't know if i have made a very clear argument , but the point is that it may be a catch 22 situation - in order to get more women into the boardroom we need more women in the boardroom . 
  maybe ( or maybe not , i 'm not convinced either way ) the only way to do that is to have some affirmative action . 
  do you really think a board that knows a bunch of it 's members came from affirmative action is going to respect the people put on the board to fill a quota ? 
  i ca n't imagine any good coming of that . 
  if anything , it could be worse . 
  americans that i know feel supportive of the uk , but i 've never gotten the sense they needed our support beyond standard trade . 
  the uk seems to be doing just fine . 
  i think the reason you do n't hear obama or romney talking much about the brits is that our support is a given . 
   i like how he first takes some ( small ) countries in europe , and say that they have the greatest hdi in the world therefore europe is great . 
  it 's always made sense to me that if you 're going to count european countries in the eu as small as us states that the states should be counted and ranked individually as well . 
  as a californian , i can confidently say this would cause our rankings to increase . 
  i have never been in a dmv better than a hospital waiting room , and never been in a hospital waiting room better than an iron maiden . 
  the federal government taxes high enough that it limits what the states can tax . 
  that significantly limits the available options . 
  the excuse * just might * be right . 
   i suggest the downvote button to be removed from this subreddit , so that any dissenting opinion ca n't be downvoted . 
  ( and partly censored as a result ) that would just mean that bigots will be upvoted by other bigots and wo n't be downvoted by the remaining people . 
  even unpopular bigoted comments frequently have a high upvote count , they just have a high downvote count to match . 
  the problem comes when the supermarket ca n't restock it 's shelves . 
  the average supermarket has about a [ 1 % profit margin ] ( http://smallbusiness.chron.com/profit-margin-supermarket-22467.html ) which means it takes many , many sales to make up for the losses of the `` expropriated '' food . 
  while admirable in theory and perhaps as an individual action , these types of raids are incredibly short-sighted and will end up doing more harm than good if they continue . 
  i 'm reminded of detroit , where robberies became so common they spent years and years without a single grocery store inside of city limits . 
  it ended up hurting the poor tremendously , forcing them to either take large chunks of their day to get food via the public transport system ( bad in detroit ) or survive on unhealthy food available or liquor stores . 
   for the record that actually describes some parts of the uk pretty well , which is why these people are marching . 
  while i understand what you mean , every country has some uncompetitive parts . 
  the uk as a whole manages to compete quite well compared to places like portugal or spain . 
  on a slightly anecdotal note , i 've done a fair amount of business in several of these countries and the uk is far , far above the rest in the tech sector . 
  doing anything tech related in a place like spain makes me want to tear my hair out in big clumps . 
  chronically uncompetitive economies being propped up by government spending will have issues when you cut spending , but that hardly describes the uk . 
  either way the countries you listed were out of money . 
  the cuts were coming whether it was by running out of money directly or in a more structured manner like they are . 
  when people wo n't loan to you anymore or will only do it at absurd rates austerity really is n't even a choice . 
  it just ` is ' , and you can to an extent control the manner in which it happens . 
  google can only collect data that way if you actually press it . 
  google analytics is everywhere . 
  so is google 's hosted javascripts . 
  so is google 's adsense program and integrated search . 
  google is * everywhere * online . 
   it does n't matter what their leader says . 
  shocking but true , he is incorrect . 
  the term nazi describes a person pre-1946 . 
  it 's been 67 years since anyone could be a nazi . 
  see my reply to the other guy . 
  lets let them keep pressuring , and keep ignoring them . 
  there 's no way to send the message of utter rejection quite like them getting absolutely nowhere despite their best efforts . 
  no , they actually are . 
  the leader has even written about how they inherited the cause of national socialism , and ended the article by saying `` heil hitler '' . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( greece ) #allegations _ of_nazism '' * we are the faithful soldiers of the national socialist idea and nothing else '' and '' [ ... ] we exist , and continue the battle , the battle for the final victory of our race '' . 
  [ 97 ] he ends the article by writing `` 1987 , 42 years later , with our thought and soul given to the last great battle , with our thought and soul given to the black and red banners , with our thought and soul given to the memory of our great leader , we raise our right hand up , we salute the sun and with the courage , that is compelled by our military honor and our national socialist duty we shout full of passion , faith to the future and our visions : heil hitler !, 
   `` terrorism is not just people who kill human bodies , but who kill human feelings as well . 
  the makers of this film have terrorised 1.6 billion people . '', 
  this almost made my mind explode . 
  no , terrorism is not hurting your feelings . 
   `` organisations like google are key players and have to take responsibility for civility . 
  you ca n't just say it does n't matter that it 's freedom of speech . 
  it 's anarchy . '', 
  actually yes , that is exactly what freedom of speech is .
