  then what 's the problem ? . 
  sorry but i ca n't understand this !, 
  * ----------------------- * stay in your own country . 
  who are these people who move away from their own countries but keep their traditions and take up space in other places ? 
  stop breeding , stop emigrating . 
  it 's cowardly to leave your own nation before trying to fix it . 
  if you ca n't stand your own people and nation , do something to fix it . 
  why should anyone adopt you ? 
  how narcissistic . 
  * ------------------------------- * what amuses me about you anti-white shits is the fact you are pretty much biting the hand that feeds you . 
  hell the computer and internet you are using to spread your anti-white slander was made by white people . 
  you should be happy we still did n't live the law of survival of the fittest because if that was the case pretty much all the other races besides white and asian would of been wiped out . 
  * ------------------------------------- * it 's not racism . 
  it 's a war and people are protecting their land and genes . 
  those who raised their heads above hypocritical democracy . 
  i see nothing wrong with that . 
  * ------------------------------- * all the drug dealers in the local area are pakis , all the pakis close themselves off from the other cultures , while the indians ( who rightly hate pakis like everyone else does in their heart of hearts who is n't one ) , the chinese , the thai , etc all integrate and i have never had one problem from those groups . 
  the pakis are inbred , little assholes who go around spouting gori this gori that , they bring it all on themselves . 
  they need a documentary on the racism from their side . 
  * ----------------------- & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; i am disappoint . 
   this adds little to solve the problem of multiculturalism . 
  the idea here seems akin to legitimize the actions of the muslim hardliners , when in fact , the reasons behind both parts are quite different in nature , one is of religious nature and the other is cultural and economical . 
  there was no `` problem of multiculturalism '' in this video . 
  there were no cultures colliding . 
  they were not trying to force anything on anyone else or for that matter acting out any part of their culture other than what they put on their heads . 
  it was just some horrible racist pricks going after whoever they could identify as different . 
  the racist fucks are the problem , not the presence of people for them to hate . 
   the interpretation of slavery i use is a broad term to define existing only to work . 
  in this instance it does n't hit the depths of what other tortures can be laid upon an ` owned person ' . 
  slavery does not mean `` existing only to work '' . 
  it means being owned and being forced to work . 
  you are not using a broader term , you are using the * wrong * term , and one that is tremendously disrespectful to those in the past who were * actually * slaves . 
   the possession thing was despite not instead of humanity but it 's perfectly possible to have rules about the treatment of possessions . 
  i ca n't let my house get dilapidated to the point of being a public safety risk , i ca n't cut off my pets paws , i am punished if i do either . 
  ownership does n't necessarily imply absolute rights over the owned . 
  during the days of traditional slavery that is exactly what it meant . 
  you could do anything with what you owned . 
   the removal of the social safety net is precisely the thing being threatened . 
  there is nowhere in the western world that it is being threatened to the extent that it would be even remotely similar to slavery . 
  it is being reduced in a few places  as for all the other stuff , none of that is the essence of slavery or essential to it . 
  yes , that is all absolutely essential to it . 
  the point of slavery is that i own you . 
  you are a possession and my play thing . 
  i can do whatever i want to you or your family , and there is literally * nothing * you can do about it unless you want a bullet in your spinal column . 
  slavery fundamentally was not just the idea that you could get free labor - it was the idea that a type of human was not a human , and because of that could be a possession like a tea kettle or a hatchet . 
  this is like saying `` well , rape victims are in a sense better off , because at least they got laid . '', 
  when you are my intern can i : beat you with a whip ? 
  separate you from your wife and family ? 
  arrange a marriage between your wife and another man ? 
  rape your wife and children ? 
  sell you to someone else , forcing you to move states ? 
  decide to make you work 18 hours a day , 7 days a week and shoot you in the back if you decide to leave ? 
  the idea that someone is making the comparison you are at all - none the less from a country with a social safety net - is downright bizarre . 
   you just ignored what i said about the terms in which i consider internships slavery . 
  here , let me help you : in your post you made it sound like you were condemning the entire institution based on those abuses , not simply condemning those abuses . 
  later in this post you say that free labor is the same as slave labor , which is a similar sentiment . 
   basically , companies are getting free labour , ie . 
  free labor is not slave labor , forced labor is slave labor . 
   i was referring to the fact he considers minarchy viable . 
  that was one of ayn rand 's main political views . 
  yes , and he is not using rand 's definition of a minarchy , which makes your criticism not really relevant . 
  you think ayn rand wanted the government to provide health care ? 
  wow . 
   and do n't get me started on unpayed internships . 
  many companies in portugal get entire sectors filled with these unexperienced often incompetent slaves and when the law says it 's time to pay them they ditch them and replace them with new ones . 
  the law abides . 
  sure , it does n't feel like slave labour for the kid doing the internship ( it feels like an internship , whatever that 's good for ) , but from the companies ' standpoint they are practicing slave labour . 
  there * are * abuses of interns , but interships are * not * bad and are certainly not slavery . 
  first off , you have a choice . 
  you can leave at any time . 
  the reason people do n't is because most companies are n't interested in hiring people straight out of university . 
  this is because university does * not * make you as prepared as everyone else who has been working the job for years . 
  you feel prepared , but quite simply you are n't . 
  you get an internship because before you 're worth hiring , you need some actual experience under your belt . 
  once upon a time this meant getting an apprenticeship with someone who knew the trade . 
  now it 's internships . 
  taxing revenue and not profit would essentially be apocalyptic from an economic perspective . 
  most companies survive on 2-7 % profit margins . 
  taxing revenue means deals that provide a standard profit would not be worth doing at all . 
  they would simply raise risk without a return on that risk . 
  it is not a coincidence that ( almost ? ), 
  every country in the world taxes profit and not revenue . 
  doing it any other way has no margin for error at all . 
  a single deal that falling through would be catastrophic under this scenario . 
  i have never heard that . 
  on the rare occasion germany is brought up , it 's far more likely to be portrayed as the industrious nation supporting the southern socialists . 
  most politicians do n't really bring it up at all though . 
  there are good reasons germany is the powerhouse it is . 
   if you get an offer for a permanent contract with full employee protection , there 's usually still a probationary period of usually 6 month during which you can be fired for any reason . 
  far more common is to go through often multiple timed contracts of a year each before entering a permanent position . 
  you 're simplifying it significantly , but even on the rare occasions it is that way the entire process is expensive and bureaucratic . 
  also even after 6 months , you absolutely need to be able to fire people without it costing tens of thousands of dollars . 
  the [ economist covers it in some depth ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21559618 ) . 
  * the third big obstacle is labour law . 
  if young firms are to survive near-terminal mistakes , or fluctuating demand , they need to be able to reduce staff costs quickly and cheaply when necessary . 
  that is far harder in many european countries than elsewhere . 
  the complexity and cost of firing people in europe is a big concern for american venture capital , says georges karam , the chief executive of sequans communications * [ . . ] * the cost of paying out large severance packages ( six months of severance pay is typical even for very recent hires ) can be a huge drain for a small company . 
  `` in san francisco and in china , a communist country , i pay one to two months , '' says a beleaguered french chief executive who does not want his name attached to such a sensitive subject . 
  big severance packages also make it much harder for start-ups to recruit the professional managers that can take them into the big league . 
  experienced executives are loth to forgo such reassuring goodies by resigning .
