  i just said your reasoning was off . 
  your reasoning being bad has nothing to do with the moral status of the embargo . 
  and i 'm not distorting anything . 
  the central premise was related to '' * educating them about the fact that the cold war is over and cuba is n't what it used to be . 
  no , but your entire premise is `` but it 's so much better '' , when it 's not . 
  cuba is still not great . 
  not if you live there anyway . 
  cuba is never even mentioned in us media . 
  hard to argue they 're being kept scared . . 
   with the embargo lifted and a little extra support cuba could be the next cuba . 
  i seriously do n't understand why does n't the world put an end to the stupid cold-war era attitude . 
  it 's just the us , but the reason is : florida . 
  there are 2 swing states that control any even moderately close election : florida and ohio . 
  florida is full of cubans that fled castro in cuba , so if a political party tried to lift the embargo on cuba they essentially lose any chance of winning florida . 
   americas love the uk . 
  many of our women are obsessed with the royal family . 
  we view it as a trendy , classy place full of history , and we speak the same language . 
  best kind of history : our history . 
  or pre-our-history . 
   otherwise , the only thing most americans will know of portugal is : `` oh , the guys who colonized brazil ? '', 
  then from there it 'll probably just diverge into a conversation about brazil . 
  fish !, 
  i know they also like fish !, 
  `` operation flesh wall '', 
  this map pretty much doubles as a population density map . 
  [ til canada is not officially one of our colonies :-( ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._colonial_possessions ), 
   can you see the flag by my name ? 
  i 'd think it was quite obvious what kind of english i speak and extremely obvious that i would n't be learning american english but oh well . 
  actually i was on an app . . so no , i could n't . 
   get pissed off still does n't make much sense even when using the us version of things `` get being upset or angry , please '' yes , i want you guys to be upset with us . 
  make your governments react . 
  we have a minor hope of doing something about domestic surveillance , but no chance whatsoever at getting our government to not surveil you guys . 
   your part about it being the most minor thing then pointing out that it 's actually affecting the very people who have the most power in society is quite funny too . 
  i worry more about the future . 
  the `` average people '' of today are the politicians of tomorrow . 
  the nsa will effectively have every drunken message , every nude snapshot , every confession , etc. 
  they will be able to blackmail anyone on the planet if they want . 
  however scary it all is in modern context the idea of a future where they 've been able to stockpile this data for decades is more scary . 
   you are right however there is no easy answers which worry 's me . 
  i see companies now merging with non us companies and ( im not sure the exact word ) but basally moving their tax base from usa to ireland for example where corporation tax is non existent in the case of apple so even the us does n't seem to be able to control the big money . 
   i think part of the issue is that as the world becomes more connected , `` headquartered '' does n't mean much , and most multi-national companies have multiple governments that all want the same money . 
  if you 're google and you 're based in the us , sell advertising to someone in sweden , have an assigned sales person to that client in the uk , and the credit card is processed in ireland , which country gets to claim that income ? 
  if you ask the uk it would be the uk , if you ask ireland it would be ireland , and if you ask the us , it would be the us ... but ultimately what determines it is the structure of the company . 
  so no matter how they do it , they 're going to piss off practically everyone involved . 
  this is especially complicated by companies like facebook and google that * actually do have a significant irish presence * . 
  in a lot of cases the tax is being pretty correctly allocated to ireland . 
   this was more about spying on other countries governments that is really the most minor issue in the entire nsa thing , aside from the whole `` being able to blackmail any politician on earth '' thing . 
   you 're welcome to have another opinion or to purely focus on spying on the general population the untargeted nature of the program is what makes it unique . 
   but telling me to `` get pissed off '' is pretty stupid , also that is n't even the proper phrase , the correct way of saying it is `` piss off '' which i suggest you should take note of and follow that advice . 
  i just remembered a lot of people in europe learn british english ... `` piss off '' = british english for `` go away '' `` pissed off '' = american english for `` being upset or angry '', 
   this is where there is a problem then because next question i will ask is how you explain the current decimation of the american middle class while net wealth of the top 1 % continues to rise ? 
   that 's a pretty in-depth question , but suffice it to say in the us the government has never really spent money helping the middle class , so the decimation of the middle class has little to do with tax revenue . 
  our government helps the very poorest and the very richest , nothing in between . 
  the things you 'd think of them doing in europe that help ? 
  they do n't exist here and never have . 
  that money goes to the military here . 
  so if we 're trying to frame this as a pivot , taxes are probably not the cause of the decimation of the middle class . 
   are the wealthy magically earning more as they all started working harder ... . please do n't give me that . 
  it depends entirely on the individual in question . 
  some make money through stocks and whatnot , some make it through their position in a company ... you 're going to have to be more specific . 
   personally i think it 's all because of the fact america is simply an oligarchy now with a nice coat of democratic paint . 
  yes , so what are you expecting here ? 
  by giving more money to the oligarchy that runs our government that money is going to make it to the middle class or the poor ? 
  fat chance . 
   if you think the purpose of taxes is to just get what you pay back in another way you are very deluded . 
  put simply we live in a society and not in a bubble and society has needs which need to be paid for . 
  that 's true and no one is arguing otherwise . 
  the question is more along the lines of `` how many people should you have to support ? '', 
  for example : i 'm 26 . 
  i 've paid around $ 500,000 usd in taxes - enough for any service i 've gotten and the services of a pretty significant number of people . 
  so my sense of what is owed to society ... well , it 's a bit more limited than many would expect . 
  i still pay because i have to , but any sense of debt to society is pretty much expired . 
   if you have a few million chances are you have staff ( serfs ) which need to be kept fit and healthy . 
   who educates and pays for their children and your future generation of workers ? 
  assuming you do n't pay for their healthcare who keeps them fit and able to come into work ? 
  yet again , no one is arguing for no taxes at all . 
  also : in practically every 1st world country the employer is already paying for health care via taxes or directly . 
   the days of employers looking after their employees with fair wages and good healthcare is pretty much gone so somebody has to pick up the tab unless you want to move to anarchy . 
  ... this is n't true at all . 
   coming from a russian ? 
  but then again i guess your intelligence services are better at keeping these things quiet , whistle-blowers probably have a habit of vanishing before they have chance to release much , even if they try to go to another country . 
  if you wo n't take it from him , take it from me ( an american ) . 
  what we are doing is not even slightly similar to anything anyone else have ever done or been capable of in history . 
  we are not targetting individuals , we are spying on the entire world . 
  every lawyer , journalist , activist , politician , etc. 
  no one else has the money to do this - it would take all of china 's military budget just to buy the hard drives we need for the utah datacenter assuming a 50 % discount on 1tb drives . 
  no one else has the infrastructure for this - we have a disproportionate amount of cloud services and cheap bandwidth which means we get a huge amount more internet traffic passing through our borders than anywhere else . 
  get pissed off , please . 
   i do n't understand why the rich are so afraid of being taxed . 
  taxes ensure that society has a well-built middle class through different means ( social benefits , education , income regulation ) . 
  a well-built middle class is able to keep the consumption ratio stable , which in turn will translate into gdp growth and most likely into profit for their companies . 
  it has been working for scandinavian countries for decades , why are then the rich so scared of contributing to their customers ' and their own company 's wellbeing ? 
  i know a few `` rich '' people . 
  it 's not that they are afraid of * all * taxes , it 's that they feel they 've been taxed enough , far greater than the value of any services they receive . 
  more than that , most have other things - projects , new companies , whatever they want to be able to use their money for . 
  it 's me . 
  i told you fuckers , but you did n't listen . 
   it did . 
  in the 70s ( ! ), 
  the government and pro-nuclear folks claimed that the next generation of reactors would deal with the waste hence all the `` endlagerung '' would just be super temporary .
