   well , the average age of a nuclear reactor is about 33 years . 
  but either way , they have the actual designs for such things now , know how to do it , etc. 
   seriously - you can only make that claim for so long . 
  at one point you 'll actually have to do it . 
  the problem is that no one will let them because of all the anti-nuclear nutjobs . 
  it 's political suicide most places , so instead we keep burning coal and using older nuclear plants . 
   this has been said for literally the last 50 years . 
  no , it has n't ... though it certainly does n't help that every time we try and build a new one the nutjobs come out of the woodwork to put a stop to it . 
   to be fair nuclear isnt that environment friendly either ... renewable are the way to go !, 
  it is . 
  the refuse is a bit of a problem now , but practically every next generation reactor has some way of burning the old waste . 
  as long as someone actually * builds * one , it will be fine . 
  nuclear also has the advantage of generating a metric shit ton of energy and producing little waste ... it 's just dealing with that `` little waste '' that 's a problem . 
   and the azov-battalion uses the wolfsangel , the sign of the ss division das reich . 
  but after all , they ca n't be fascists , because `` they are pro-western and fighting putin . 
  they have to be good democrats and freedom-loving citizens . '', 
  [ you mean the one simon ostrovsky spent a lot of time with ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bknfszmefiy ) ( a russian jew ) without any incident or anyone even acting unfriendly towards him ? 
  i always see people being up symbolism with them , but i 've yet to see them actually acting in any way that would be associated with nazis . . 
  i do n't think there will ever be a formal deal for crimea . 
  i think crimea is going to be held onto to make sure ukraine ca n't join nato ( active territorial conflict ), 
   whereas the russian troops are there to protect russian minorities that are pro leaving the country russian minorities were never in danger . 
   in which fascists nope , not fascists . 
   overthrew a democraticall ellected president ; ... who had committed severe human rights violations by banning protest and attacking protesters who had been peaceful for months . 
  then called elections . 
   it works both ways , think for a change and stop pretending russia is black and the rest of the world is white , everyone 's looking after their own interests , and russia was n't the one proping up bases everywhere in the last decades nah , that 's fine . 
  russia is * clearly * in the wrong here . 
  it 's pretty black and white . 
   i 'm kind of in the same boat with surveillance . 
  i even thought snowden was ok until he ran to russia . 
  and with greenwald milking the whole thing for money it 's become a shitshow . 
  greenwald has a lot of documents he * could be * releasing that he has n't . 
  i think his restraint has been pretty admirable . 
  `` milking it '' is unfortunately necessary to get the information covered by the media . 
  if you release it all at once , they 'll only cover a small portion of it . 
   either way i see what you 're saying but what do you want them to do ? 
  they have a insanely powerful and useful technology that puts them a step ahead of every other nation and you want them to discard it because it could be overused ? 
  domestically ? 
  i want them to obey the fucking law . 
  and they 're not even slightly close to it . 
  internationally ? 
  i do n't think we should be spying on our allies , and i do n't think that 's a huge issue . 
  i 'm not terribly worried about terrorists coming from france . 
  i do n't know how we got to a place where `` restraint '' is a foreign and odd concept . 
   that puts them a step ahead of every other nation and you want them to discard it because it could be overused ? 
  ca n't that logic be applied to everything the government does ? 
  like nukes for example can end the world and our president has access to them but no one cares . 
  yes , because when you drop a nuke people notice . 
  with this ? 
  it 's just journalistic sources disappearing or shutting up , politicians being more compliant , foreign nations falling into line , political campaigns falling apart at the last minute . 
  used properly it 's a silent killer . 
  no one will even know it 's happening , even those being directly targeted . 
  and if we do figure it out they 're abusing it ? 
  no one will be able to do anything about it . 
  i really want to stress that point : * if someone starts truly abusing this no one on the planet will be able to do anything about it * . 
  it is - as snowden said - the * infrastructure * of tyranny . 
   but back to my point why would we scrap the technology and wait for another country to obtain it and be ahead of us ? 
  the whole world is competing for these edges and we are the ones that throw ours away ? 
  there is no other country on the planet capable of this in the forseeable future . 
  let me explain why : 1 ) infrastructure - the us is the base for * most * butt facilities in the world . 
  what this means is that an abnormal amount of data passes through our country . 
  2 ) cheapest bandwidth - in addition to butt services , we have cheap bandwidth . 
  what that means is that even when the us is neither the destination or the origin of traffic , it will go through our country . 
  internet traffic travels along the cheapest route , not the most direct . 
  3 ) money - this is a big one . 
  it would take china 's entire military budget * just to buy the hard drives * for the utah data facility . 
  and that 's assume they get them at 50 % of the normal price ( 1tb drives ) . 
  and ignoring the facility itself , the tech , the servers , etc. 
  for practically any other country on the planet , the amount of money it would take to create something like this is impossible . 
  tldr ; no one else has the money , no one else routes enough traffic through their country . 
   our country and the future will fail if every time a new technology comes along people fear it and fear change . 
  total surveillance of the entire planet is not just a `` new technology '' . 
   or we would go from being the global superpower that we are to russia 's bitch . 
  russia is a pathetic second tier regional power , not even close to being a superpower . 
  the days of the ussr are over . 
  their military is primarily made up of outdated soviet technology . 
  their economy is not only weak for gdp and gdp per capita , but is also dependent on one industry . 
  their soft power is laughable compared to the us ( controlling nato , world bank , eu , etc ) , and they have no significant allies to speak of that would join them in facing off against the us . 
  russia is a belligerent nation . 
  do n't confuse that with being an actual threat . 
   do you feel this way about all surveillance agency 's ? 
  do you think they just should n't exist for any country ? 
  that would seriously fuck certain programs that do alot of good . 
  nope . 
  i do see a huge problem with * any * agency having access to * everything * though . 
  go for the gold . 
  fuck , even surveil entire countries if they 're unstable and violent enough ( looking at you pakistan ) . 
  but when one agency has access to the private communications of every lawyer , every politician , every judge , every journalist , every potential source for the journalists , and every activist there is a major , major problem . 
  what they 're doing internationally is technically legal so i wo n't advocate stringing them up by their entrails for that , what they 're doing domestically is quite clearly not . 
   condemning one nation for spying while accepting aid from another does make him a hypocrite . 
  no , it does n't . 
  not even slightly . 
  what , it 's a * requirement * that the guy become a martyr ? 
  fuck that noise , this is n't the middle east . 
  you do the good you can do , then keep yourself safe . 
  you are once again operating on the faulty idea that this is an endorsement of russia 's privacy setup . 
  * that * would make him a hypocrite . 
   you think putin accepted him out of the goodness of his heart ? 
  no , putin accepted him because it 's a nice , easy , consequenceless way to look like he 's standing up to the west and to give obama the middle finger . 
   just because he does n't carry documents does n't mean he ca n't remember . 
  there is thus far * nothing whatsoever * to indicate he 's given the russians anything ... and if there was proof the americans would be waving it around like crazy .
