   i 'm going to be laughing my ass off in 20 years when people are still concerned about transnistria being a `` frozen conflict zone '' . 
  i 've learned that this saying means that other people are too stubborn to realize that some people live there and have their own government . 
  it 's not being `` too stubborn '' , it 's enforcing international law and norms . 
   also by the definition of failed state of moldova that some people are using here then ukraine has long since been one as well since it has never been able to operate without either russian or imf money . 
  by that definition * most * countries are failed states , and certainly almost every non-european state . 
  there 's nothing wrong with taking loans . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  you 'll probably `` wait '' far longer than that if the absolutely insane amount of available information has n't convinced you already . 
   i never discussed legitimacy . 
  merely the act of sending troops into other countries . 
  defensive does n't mean `` stays in nato countries '' - it means it is a response to an attack . 
  surprise surprise . 
   nato invaded afghanistan . 
  and that went awsome . 
  afghanistan is now paradise on earth . 
   afghanistan was legitimate . 
   nato bombed serbia and currently has troops stationed in kosovo as a result . 
  ethnic cleansing is a bit of a touchy subject in europe . 
   nato and iraq is a little more complicated . 
  the reason why nato countries invaded were those pesky wmds . 
  luckily , there are currently no wmds in either iraq or ukraine . 
  know why you have to say `` nato countries '' ? 
  because it was n't a nato action . 
  venezuela has not be been declared a security threat . 
  source : i read what articles actually say , not what i want them to say . 
   there are two main causes for isis : american interventions and saudi money . 
  i do n't think we can stop the americans from doing this , but we definitely can do more to stop saudi money from being used to foment extremist in europe and the middle east . 
  interesting fun-fact : there has always been a subset of radical islam obsessed with the apocalypse and bringing it about ( which is what isis is trying to do ) . 
  until recently , al-qaeda was the one who kept that in check . 
  the conflict with isis was to a large extent inevitable if we were going to deal with extremism in the middle east . 
   this is yet to be proven today . 
  the sun already knew everything it needs to know the day after the crash . 
  quality reporting , amirite ? 
  it 's been pretty exhaustively shown to be the case . 
  through interviews of the rebels themselves and the people in the town , tracking of the launcher , the social media posts from the rebels , and a litany of other ways . 
  there is really not any doubt . 
  ... it * was * putin 's missile . 
  just in the hands of the rebels . 
   i never understood the big scare . 
  either our own media is more truthful and convincing and our people educated enough to see the difference . 
  or these are n't the case and we deserve whatever happens . 
  i 'd prefer freedom over some state funded attempt to tell people what to think . 
  i think the issue is that the russian population would rather get information in russian , and russia ( the government or it 's proxies ) produces most of the russian media . 
  thanks a lot israel , wtf ? 
   it matters because any government to ever do that can be sure to not get reelected . 
  so it just does n't happen , like ever . 
   generally ? 
  yes . 
  in ukraine it is obvious they can not get crimea back . 
  they 're trying , but the chances are really obviously low . 
  russia is a nuclear power and an attack on crimea would be an attack on russia . 
  i * think * that if a leader brought an end to the conflict in donbas ( easier said than done ) they would have the political capital to broker a deal regarding crimea ... especially if doing so fixed their currency and a lot of their economic issues . 
  as far as the electorate is concerned : selling land is bad , but ending wars and repairing economies is good . 
  why does that matter ? 
  greece considered it to deal with their debts . 
  argentina sold some land to china for agriculture , south korea did a long term lease in madagascar . 
  the us bought alaska in the late 1800s . 
  negative incentives do work . 
  people are less likely to do bad things when they know there will be consequences attached . 
  works for toddlers , works for teenagers , works for adults , works for companies , works for governments . 
  doing the right thing has an impact even if crimea is n't returned . 
  we ca n't stop people from acting like neanderthals , but we can make it really fucking expensive . 
  * that * resolve - to attach real penalties to the violation of civilized norms - is what makes the difference . 
  the best solution here is to have russia * buy * crimea . 
  russia saves face , sanctions get dropped , ukraine gets much needed funds , crimea gets to be a part of russia . 
  maybe you have n't heard , but modern nations are held to higher standards than in the past . 
  we also got rid of kings and the slavery trade ( just to complete the update ), 
   well the debt russia had to pay when ukraine seceded more than covers it if that is your problem with it . 
  ... russia effectively * invaded * most of the ussr 's territories , had no democratic representation for them , and kept them there by force . 
  crimea was given to ukraine by it 's rightful owner at the time , and had full democratic representation . 
   that is the price for running your country on debt , no one forces you to do so . 
  the problem is n't that they used debt to finance improvements like pretty much every country on the planet , it 's that their investment was * literally * stolen from them . 
   did crimea not pay taxes ? 
  yes , and ukraine was owed many more years of that for the money they used to improve/support crimea . 
   so in 100 years lets pretend crimea is still part of russia and happy to be so . 
  everyone who was ever born in ukrainian crimea is dead and the people are happy to be part of russia . 
  do we still try to force them to go back to ukraine ? 
  i 've already said what i think : russia needs to pay ukraine a * lot * of money for crimea . 
   as i said how it happened was wrong but at some point if it is inline with the will of the people you just have to accept it and move on . 
  it does n't have to be today or even in a year but at some point it stops being productive . 
  that 's not how modern societies work . 
  they invest money ( debt ) into regions with the idea that the resulting tax revenue will be enough to cover the investment and interest . 
  it 's * everyone 's * business when a region secedes , as they 're effectively stealing that investment from the rest of the country and saddling them with the resulting debt . 
  if russia wants to * pay * ukraine for crimea that is alleviated . 
  without that `` will of the people '' - while fucking over all the other people - is simply not good enough, 
   i am not defending russia 's actions . 
  i would n't blame ukraine if that was there desire but i am talking about the will of the people which to me is more important . 
  crimea probably would actually like to join russia , but the referendum was still illegal horseshit . 
  even past that , there * are * ways to legally secede from ukraine . 
  crimea should have just elected representatives that would help them to that end . 
  i think you just solved the entire eu/uk problem . 
  is it even possible to be elected in the uk after voting to give up such an opportunity ? 
  even sick you 'd think it would be easy to get your shit together long enough to make a statement or take a single step outside ... 
  [ that vertical takeoff and landing is fucking awesoe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7s59qe5mpe#t=1m54s ), 
   both statements are false according to this lengthy post [ 1 ] from a guy who seems to be extremely knowledgeable about the topic . 
  that post and the 2nd level parent ( same guy ) is downright incredible . 
   because people get up in arms to launch referenda to prevent ruining the country with `` over-densification '' [ 1 ] . 
    skyscrapers ? 
  new high-rise housing ? 
  it 's just not swiss , i tell you !,
