  [ i 'm not alone !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31h40y/what_are_the_greatest_conspiracy_theories_of_your/cq1m17c ), 
  only some places . 
  depends on budget and the weather in the region . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  especially with their latest `` operating on behalf of the kremlin '' fiasco , their popularity may not rise as much as was predicted . 
   also , chips are not french fries those would definitely be called french fries in the us . 
   reasonably speaking it 's very highly unlikely . 
   it 's not * supposed * to be a guideline . 
  those are just the more crafty of the french . 
  they also serve a cocktail near my house called the castle black . 
  just because a drink is named after it does n't mean it 's real . 
  then they are liars , and most likely secretly french . 
  belgium is a lie . 
  i will advocate for this strongly after drinking and meeting europeans in bars . 
  if not i 'll bet she 's regretting this deeply . 
   absolutely barbaric what imf and global financial institutions are doing to ukraine . 
  lol . 
  and what 's that ? 
   in europe , many do n't like that . 
  you are supposed to fit the norm . 
  i wonder why we have less entrepreneurs who try new and weird stuff ... well , we have , but they often move to the us as soon as they can . 
  i live in san francisco and run a software company , so i 've met a * lot * of these people . 
  i 've heard a lot of reasons , but the one that struck me the most was a guy from spain . 
  he left simply because if you 're running a business there ( in his perception ) you 're seen as someone who 's screwing people - either your customers , employees , or both - whether or not you are . 
  he said it was hard enough to do what he does without everyone hating him . 
   lol que ? 
  there are tons of startups started by researchers who during their studies saw something that they thought could have an industrial application . 
  the biotech startup world is almost entirely composed of these , for example . 
   some do , yes . 
  but * most * ( there are really a lot of startups ) do n't . 
   actually , the main difference between the us and eu tech scene has been that there 's significantly less funding available for start ups , nothing more , nothing less . 
  facebook became the company it is today because it received a lot of $ $ $ from angel investors . 
  a really huge number of startups launch bootstrapped , then either become profitable or acquire funding later . 
   the american economy is fuelled by gigantic public investment in fundamental and applied research through the various national institutes as well as defense spending , both of which drive private spending in r&d by co-financing and ground-breaking . 
  to use a blunt metric , the us outspends any nation on earth in r&d spending , and all but two european nations in r&d spending normalized for gdp . 
  there 's also the extremely significant fact that the us is a true single credit market , which makes concentration of capital much easier to achieve . 
  ... startups are not the ones getting r&d funding or profiting from the results of r&d . most are either using low level vc ( much more common than mark cuban style massive vcs ) or are bootstrapped . 
   uber is n't an example of innovation and entrepreneurial spirit , it 's a result of shitty labor codes . 
  uber drivers are not legally employees , they lose on basic benefits like maternity or health insurance . 
  people are always the first casualty when corporations try to cut costs . 
  unless the people are in management . 
  ... most uber drivers do something else as well , and just use uber to make extra money on the side . 
  uber provides a degree of flexibility that no other job provides , and that works for them . 
  either way , your argument is n't even against uber : it 's against the general idea of `` contractor '' - something many contractors and employers alike support emphatically . 
  source : literally hundreds of uber/lyft/sidecar rides, 
   it depends on the cultural and political traditions of a country which one is better . 
  the same presidential system which works well in the us is a failure in a banana republic . 
   on this note : liberia 's government is essentially a carbon copy of the united states system . 
  same branches , same power distribution , etc. 
   strange , 80 kilos of cocaine were also found in banana crates yesterday in france ( source [ 1 ] ) kinda makes sense . 
  coca producing countries could be seen as legitimately exporting bananas . 
  if they pretended like they were exporting truffles and caribou meat people might ask questions . 
  what is polonized english ? 
  touuch\u00e9, 
  i thought it had something to do with `` t '' ? 
   of course . 
  where do you think communists come from ? 
  i always thought they came from california ? 
  learn something new every day i guess . 
  i am redeemed !, 
  do n't you mean `` yes , it 's the same , ounly with the wourds spelt courrectly ? 
   that is a wonderful example !, 
  but now the value of the only portuguese word i know is cut in half !, 
  ( sorry that 's all i know ), 
  estonia, 
   i guess it 's similar as poland - lower-mid of 1st world , but ego says we need to be at the top and also : great porn . 
  there 's another language ? 
  greece would eventually be able to build up a lot of the things they lost , but the state they had was not economically viable . 
  so austerity would have eventually simply faded away as new institutions were created as the state became more able to handle its previous burdens . 
  so greece could never return to be exactly what it was , but it could become a more responsibly setup stare with similar benefits . 
  the level of protectionism greece had cant exist again . 
  same for it 's tax collection practices . 
  the rest is really fair game . 
  for us yanks : can you identify who each of those guys are ? 
  i 've got cameron/clegg/farage , but the rest are a mystery . 
   in the same phrase ? 
  they were working for who ? 
  for the creditors ? 
  most assuredly . 
   greece 's people need the creditors money , so i 'd say `` both '' . 
  people act like the alternative to austerity is greece continuing like normal . . but it 's not . 
  the alternative was greece getting no money at all and having even harsher and more uncontrolled cuts than austerity . 
  ... i think a lot of us understand it , and still think it 's fucking absurd . 
  it 's meant to be supported by other air strikes that turn the aa to dust . 
   of course the big powers do n't want equal partnerships and the big powers make the rules . 
   holy fuck . 
  the entire purpose of the un ( at least the security council ) is not to `` be fair '' it 's `` to prevent nuclear/world war '' . 
  that 's why the world powers get a veto - because that veto makes sure conflicts are less likely to come to a nuclear end . 
  the a-10 is not meant to go in alone against a military with modern anti-aircraft . 
   not really sure to what then nato should react . 
  without russia 's direct involvement there will never be a situation demanding reaction . 
  i could see a situation where nato troops were used to ( for example ) secure a border in the midst of turmoil . 
  you may have just gotten yourself liberated . 
  going to check with john kerry . 
  you watch your fucking mouth . 
  unless you 're talking about spicy mayo . 
   and we need those ... why ? 
  europe is composed of around 50 countries , depending on the definition used , with plenty of wide perspectives and opinions . 
  furthermore , thanks to the omnipresence of american media and americans on this site we know all about and more of american view on everything .
