  can confirm . 
  our region has a lot going for it , economically and culturally . 
  california too . 
  and let 's face it : the other states are just there to keep the distance from new york and california . 
  ca n't have that much awesome too close together . 
   move to san francisco or nyc then . 
  they 're about as religious as london . 
  live in sf , can confirm . 
  we worship goat cheese here . 
  and brunch . 
  honestly it 's been hard for me to process people from other countries holding our flag and seeming happy to see us . 
  this picture is like a nice warm blanket on a cold night : reassuring to me . 
   now put yourself in russia 's place . 
  what would you do ? 
  `` become friendly with these wealthy fucking countries that surround us and trade , just like everyone else . '', 
   who `` we '' ? 
  you know , we germans wont fight whole russia because of your paranoia . 
  we wont even fight russia if it annexes you and baltics tomorrow . 
  just saying  because `` nato '' yes you fucking would . 
   better relations with russia a lot of the push against russia right now is european in origin , especially the baltic states . 
   a greater ability to chart our own foreign policy at the eu level without having to consider the wishes of the us as our main military backer ... you still have to take into account your largest trade partners and large militaries when deciding policy . 
  even the us has to do that . 
   you come off as hypocrite if you then sponsor a coup etat , because they did n't elect whom you wanted to be elected and who then implements policies which do n't benefit the us interests but his own country . 
  yeah we have n't really been doing that in democracies for quite some time . 
   saudi arabia is your ally for fucks sake . 
  only because the alternative is far worse . 
   that was actually the point of the eu , which having almost reached 100 % coverage of europe should take over from nato at this point imo why ? 
  you would gain nothing and lose a lot . 
   please explain me of it works and do n't forget to tell that mccain was there with connecticut democrat senator chris murphy who is a member of the subcommittee on european affairs . 
  that 's really , really not how the us government works . 
  their presence means pretty much nothing . 
  chris murphy is a nobody , mccain is in the minority party , and both are a member of a branch that has no say over foreign policy and no ability to direct or control any covert agency . 
   the cold war has ended more than 20 years ago and most do n't remember the shit the us has done . 
  this may come as a surprise but both sides did fucked up shit during the cold war . 
  i 'd like to think we 've improved somewhat since then ( while still not perfect ) . 
  i do n't like a lot of what we 've done , but i ca n't think of an aspiring world power of the recent era ( russia , germany , china , etc ) that would have conducted themselves any better . 
  and in most cases they would have been quite a lot worse . 
   those people with american flag live in this delusion about america that never was and never wil be . 
  they only know about america from movies and entertainment . 
  they know nothing about the stuff american government did and still does on daily basis . 
  that 's why i find it embrassing ... that seems like quite a leap . 
  you know literally nothing about these people . 
  this . 
  one of the worst losses of the war ( an early cauldron ) when ukraine was * right about to win * was primarily the result of russians firing from the east , and ukraine being unable to respond . 
  i 'm from the us . 
  yes , we repay our debts without exception . 
   maybe you repay those 50bil rubles that russia gave you before the coup ? 
  or even better , just pay for gas ? 
  at least use tu quoque when you have the upper hand . 
  why would someone pay a country that annexed territory from them that is worth many , many times more than what they theoretically owe to that country ? 
  if anything russia owes ukraine money . 
  the problem is n't immigration or not immigration : it 's who the people are , what they 're capable of , and why they want to be there . 
  there 's always a certain amount of bellyaching about integration : back in the 1920s the line was that the irish were drunken wife-beating monsters with no desire to integrate into our protestant culture . 
  after a generation or so , they * did * integrate . 
  that said , nowadays we have made it a bit more complicated to immigrate , and with good reason : we have the people to fill up the low paying factory jobs that were getting filled in the 1920s/1930s . 
  really basic checks - can you finance yourself , do you have job skills , etc really go a long way . 
   but anyway there 's fuckload of bases in baltic,poland,romania-the whole europe ... and yet russia has not been invaded or had any aggression against them other than trying to make them not * invade other countries * . 
   if putin did n't do crimea he would lose black sea completely . 
  ** it was a fucking trade agreement ** . 
   us plans for destroying russia are getting real . 
  absolute lunacy . 
   please do n't talk about trade agreement as everybody knows its about controlling ukraine via some puppets again again again sorry , just because that 's the way russia works does n't mean that 's the way the world works . 
  the fact is that a trade agreement with the eu and for that matter a closer relationship with the eu brings a higher standard of living than being solely dependent on r ussia . 
  when you can provide a standard of living , you do n't need to control countries in the way you 're implying . 
   sure.only usa can say what sovereign nations on the other side of the world do.i 'm also sure us would have absolutely no problem with russia and china building 10 military bases in mexico . 
  1 ) would never happen because we actually have a good relationship with them . 
  2 ) if it did , we sure as fuck would n't annex baja . 
  3 ) no one was building 10 military bases in ukraine . 
  it was a fucking trade agreement . 
  it was a fucking trade agreement , not nato membership . 
  more than that russia gets absolutely no say in what it 's sovereign neighbors do . 
  russia ends at russia 's borders . 
  clarkson is infinitely more involved than most presenters ( owning a production company that produces top gear for example ) . 
  i would bet he 's got a pretty unique contract . 
   his hate for electric cars ( including tesla ) was getting on my nerves anyway . 
  he 's actually found several that he really liked . 
  they just do n't go from 0-100 in 20 seconds . 
   `` investing in actual companies '' is actually meaningless . 
  one can easily register a new company and invest into it , being its sole owner . 
  it is akin to moving money from one pocket to another . 
  a lot of countries either have employment requirements for the company , or require it to have een established for quite some time . 
  pro tip : people who can think can produce . 
  there are certainly people who can produce without thinking , but few who truly can think without being capable of production . 
  the case was made privately to world leaders , which is almost always the case when intelligence assets are concerned . 
  and they were correct . 
  also : when a state is concerned as was the case here - the attackers were pretty openly supported by the taliban - there is never a trial because it 's outside of court jurisdiction . 
  individuals are put on trial when they 're inside the country in question . 
  not states . 
  and 0 knowledge about the situation itself . 
   there was a terrorist attack for which no one claimed responsibility . 
  the us claimed they had evidence ( never presented in public , much less a court ) that an individual residing in afghanistan was responsible . 
  the government of afghanistan was hesitant in extraditing that individual and was stalling the negotiations . 
  also demanding to see the evidence . 
   osama has actually claimed responsibility . 
   if nato will invade any country refusing to extradite people we claim have committed crimes in our countries we are in for a heckload of invasions . 
  it 's not just `` refusing to extradite '' . 
  government sponsorship , training camps , the works . 
  afghanistan was essential infrastructure for al-qaeda at the time . 
  because they were in large part responsible for an attack on a nato member . 
  nato responds to attacks , not just homelands invasions .
