  5 ) a plan for * transition * that is not created in a panic . 
   poland is a rich country and they do not deserve a free pass just because they have ducked and fucked up reforms . 
  so , what they are doing is not ok . 
  it does not give them a free pass !, 
  they are ruining the climate for all of us . 
  and i am sorry their transition need to be radical because they on purpose have chosen not to do anything until now . 
  the climate ca n't wait - or are you claiming it can ? 
  i can appreciate what you 're saying , but it 's a very `` first world '' perspective . 
  no developing country is going to fuck their entire economy over for global warming - and a `` radical '' shift in a country like poland would do exactly that . 
  you ca n't just shrug and say `` well , energy prices doubling overnight is just a side effect '' - it 's a big deal . 
  we need to concentrate on making environmentally conscious options able to stand on their own . 
  when they can , the game is won, 
  that 's not true . 
  plenty of sites - reddit included - do n't have a european entity . 
   all of europe loosing so ireland can have a few jobs just does n't make sense and hurts our credibility in europe . 
  if these corporations was taxed properly maybe the extra eu money could be given to tech startups and homegrown jobs since the tech industury in europe needs a kick there 's one issue there : there 's not really a lot of reason for facebook to have an office anywhere in europe . 
  the eu might be losing out , but there 's a good chance that they 're not losing out at all because there 's no guarantee ( or even likelihood ) those jobs would have been allocated into europe . 
  you can have a business with as many european clients as you 'd like without a european entity or location . 
   well i can tell you these jobs are really worth nothing as most of the facebook/twitter jobs dublin has landed are only there because of the cheap taxes . 
  ireland only takes it easy on the corporate tax rate - there 's a lot of other taxes that they 're paying . 
  everything from vat to sales tax to payroll taxes . 
   as an ex-pat it 's an embarrasment what ireland is doing , undermining the rest of europe just for a few cheap jobs to make it look like they fixed the economy they 're actually really well paying jobs . 
  and there 's a significant number of them . 
  and they 're in an industry ireland would n't be growing much without the tax incentives . 
   this is how you market yourself to global it firms and secure investment rather than bowing down and acting as a de facto tax haven in europe just pointing it out : that strategy has actually worked quite well for them . 
  companies like facebook have come and established actual functional offices ( aka they brought more than their bank accounts ) ... and ireland * is * collecting a lot of taxes related to them being there ( including payroll ), 
  occupying russia does not sound like thrilling task . 
  also : all of our things are camouflaged for the desert . 
  who wants to deal with yet another uniform redesign ? 
  i think we 'll sit this one out . 
   like i said . 
  russia outplayed nato by going `` all-in '' and won . 
  that ignores one thing : syria was * significantly * more important to russia than it was to the us . 
  that 's why they were willing to go all in and the us really was n't . 
   russia/syria/iran / iraq/hezbollah is the future of the middle east . 
  the other major middle east power , saudi arabia will collapse within 30 years and usa will have lost its final foothold there . 
  lol . 
  you 're going to need one hell of a source there . 
   if you control the middle east , you control everything . 
  and russia did it . 
  russia is not even slightly close to controlling the middle east . 
  they ca n't even stop sanctions from going onto their allies . 
  they have one or two friendly regimes ( syria/iran ) , both of whom are economically crumbling under the circumstances russia was too weak to avoid or mitigate . 
   they are a superpower , as much as everyone on r/europe would deny and not believe it . 
  russia is not close to being a superpower either . 
  they 're barely a normal-tier `` power '' . 
  they have virtually no soft power at all compare to ( imf/world bank/nato ) , and the `` hard '' power they prefer using could be easily trounced by the us if they ever truly went head to head in something they both cared about . 
  the us ( if it really wanted to ) could crush russia economically without dropping a single bomb . 
  it does n't even need it 's hard power to deal with russia . 
   russia completely outplayed nato in regards to syria . 
  and now with assad making daily major military gains , a russia/iran/iraq / syria/hezbollah alliance is set in stone . 
  winning a single political dispute does not a superpower make . 
   russia won the middle east , it will take 10-20 years for most people to realize it though . 
  russia was willing to go to the mat for syria specifically because of how weak their influence is out there , and because of the pipeline deals they have with syria . 
  without syria what little foothold they have falls apart . 
  modern ( and even not that modern ) nuclear plants are quite safe . 
  they do n't just blow up randomly . 
   ah , you 're talking to someone who used to cycle all the way across san francisco to work every morning and then all the way back each night . 
  i wager it 's well hillier than most cities in the uk , and sf is thick with cyclists . 
  sf also has specific routes setup to avoid the hills . 
  because khrushchev got drunk and gave it to them . 
  their only real sphere of influence is the countries right on their doorstep , and even then most of that influence is based on the soviet era . 
  being a superpower requires you to be able to project your power a lot further and a lot harder than russia can . 
   the eu is not recognizing the referendum based on technicalities , but i do n't think anybody has an illusion the results would change . 
  uhh ... [ the ballot does n't have an option that involves leaving things as they are ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10691386/join-russia-now-or-later-asks-crimea-ballot-paper.html ) . 
  they * ca n't * vote against russia . 
  that 's more than a technicality . 
  because the problems with solar have never been `` can you print it '' or `` is it transparent '' . . and to a lesser extent `` price '' ( w/o subsidy ), 
  yet again : lftr . 
  but most new gen plants have very , very limited risks . 
  a lot of the focus of new generation plants is being able to use spent fuel ... which would not only handle their own waste , but the waste generated in the past . 
  there 's lots of solutions in sight - lftr reactors for one ... 
  but they need funding to develop . 
  most countries are running really old plants . 
  money . 
  same as any other problem like that . 
  there are thorium reactors , just not lftr reactors . 
  nuclear * is * sustainable . 
  damn it . 
  would totally buy this , no idea how to acquire it . 
  i want the head . 
   the brits paid in the pot . 
  they are entitled to take out of the pot . 
  i 'm certainly not saying they are not entitled to ... they are . 
  just that if they decide not to anyways and the same amount of money is delivered it 's not really harming anyone . 
   putting their pathetic euro-skeptic ideologies and party politics before disaster relief efforts , i did n't even think the tories would sink that low . 
  real question : do you guys have enough to fix it on your own ? 
  as long as the funds get there it does n't seem the source matters much . 
  imagining the finnish pronunciation of `` ai n't '' makes me smile . 
  i used to have some airsoft guns . . on a couple the orange was recessed into the barrel when it was cocked . 
  virtually impossible to tell it was airsoft . 
  i did n't get the vibe of sweet and pragmatic . 
  just that they are playing the game they see ( or think ) everyone else is playing . 
   can someone explain to me why everyone simply accepts ` the fact ' that western countries have to step up when something goes wrong on the other side of the planet . 
  there is absolutely nothing that is in our own interest in a desert in mali . 
  regional stability . 
  even if the instability happens in a region you have little direct interest in like mali , if the instability ( or in the case of africa , roving militias ) spreads to their neighbors you can have a much larger problem on your hands . 
  if you think the origins case was ok then yes . 
  you are justifying and supporting witch hunts . 
  depends a lot on where you are .
