  that 's a list of excuses to not let people in , not actual requirements . 
   it demonstrates that there are places in europe selling tickets solely for the seat/presence/per capita price and not based on suspicious parameters such as sex , age , or even the angle at which you watch the stage ( ie . 
  the venue area ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure other places in europe do this . 
  there 's places * everywhere * ( yes , including the states ) that do this . 
  it 's not out of the ordinary . 
  this type of pricing is almost exclusively reserved for night club ... and xs is a night club in the wynn hotel . 
   op is a terrible business model because it capitalizes on gender and sexual affirmation . 
  it 's in las vegas , it has nothing to do with our european expectations . 
  it 's terrible from a moral perspective , but is fantastic from a business perspective . 
  no matter what , it 's almost certain that this concert will sell out - xs is n't huge . 
  they just make more from ticket sales and ensure that their male guests are likely to have money to burn on drinks and women ( and drinks for women ) . 
  a table in a vegas nightclub for the night can go from the upper 4 digits to the lower 5 digits ( not including drinks ) . 
  the more well-off men trying to impress women they get in there , the more they make . 
  and yet it works . 
  because men really * will * pay more to be surrounded with more women . 
   the post is about different price of admissions , not clubs maintaining certain gender ratios . 
  that 's what this is about : maintaining gender ratios . 
  they discourage men from attending , encourage women to attend . 
  also : this is in vegas . 
  they do n't want all the broke guys ( and there are many ) in there . 
  they want the people with money to burn that will be spending on drinks , tables/bottle service , and drinks for the girls . 
  except that it makes a broad and frequently incorrect generalization about music preferences . 
  i honestly can not imagine that working on this side of the pond . 
   quite aside from the gender issue , what sort of dance music club night bans patrons with tattoos ? 
  : puzzled scratch of head : i 've been to xs . 
  they let you in with tattoos . 
  vegas is a bit rough around the edges , so i think it 's mostly used as a `` if you look like you 're going to cause trouble or are a gang member we can pre-emptively kick you out '' kind of thing . 
   on the other hand , your american greed longs and lusts for all the upvotes . 
  time to post a picture of kitties from imgur . 
  [ needs moar exploitation !, 
  thankfully my american arrogance helps me in not giving 2 fucks about the downvotes aside from the wasted time typing that i could have spent being a dirty capitalist dog . 
   one : `` the allegation of rape would not be rape under english law '' have n't heard this in months . 
   two : `` assange is more likely to be extradited to usa from sweden than the united kingdom '' rarely hear this . 
   four : `` the swedes should interview assange in london '' 1 ) the new statesmen is about 4 months late to make this point . 
  the argument is much less common nowadays . 
  2 ) most people i know interested in this case fully understand what an interview in sweden means , it 's more of a tongue in cheek point about sweden on several occasions insisting they would like to interview assange instead of outright saying they want to arrest him . 
   five : `` by giving assange asylum , ecuador is protecting freedom of the press '' whether or not ecuador has a bad record on freedom of press * in this specific case * they are protecting it ... in the same way a fat man eating an apple is eating a healthy food , even if everything else he eats is mcdonalds . 
  this is an interesting variety of strawmen . 
  i 'm an american commenting on socialism . 
  if i get too specific i have to spend the rest of the day explaining that `` yes , i know hollande is n't a traditional socialist '' and `` yes , i do know how progressive taxation works '' and `` yes , i 'm aware scandinavia exists '' , then i get downvoted into oblivion anyways . 
   that statement is just meaningless . 
  who 's definition of `` socialism '' ? 
  what math ? 
  socialism can work just fine , the question is simply where one puts the emphasis . 
  you can only make yourself so non-competitive before you fail to be able to afford the services and safety nets your population desires and requires . 
  france ( while stable now ) is in danger of passing that point in the near future . 
  mr. hollande has overstepped . 
  he can barely afford the `` not enough '' gestures he 's been able to implement . 
  he will soon be cornered by markets that see france as a dangerous and unfriendly place , and a population pushing him to give them all of the things he promised , but can not do . 
  his `` token '' gesture increasing the taxation on income above 1 million to 75 % will gain him little money , but will do much to ensure foreign investors steer clear of france . 
  their banks are overcommitted to the pigs countries , and will not want to risk capital internally . 
  with those 2 things in mind , the chances of enough growth to sustain mr. hollande 's changes are low . 
  edit : so can anyone actually argue with me ? 
  math vs socialism : victor ? 
  math . 
  every time . 
   no , we wouldnt you stupid prick . 
  do you not think it 's rather unfair to smear an entire continent by the actions of some dead germans - especially considering how many european gave their lives to fight the nazis or how many european cities were utterly leveled during that war . 
  there is no comprehension in the us just how much that war tore europe apart . 
   but you go ahead and treat every european you meet as though theyre a potential fascist - `` dont forget guys , ya 'll used to be nazis ! '', 
  what an insulting cunt you are . 
  except that i have n't said that of all europeans . 
  i 've said that for sure of these right wing nationalists in hungary , and said that the anti-gypsy hatred held by many is worrying considering the past . 
  that was an excellent rant though , shame it was n't replying to anything i actually said . 
   might as well change your flag to the proper one . 
  booooom goes the dynamite . 
  you know it , you 'd just rather forget it . 
  a group of europeans killed hundreds of thousands of gypsies because of a combination of hatred and nationalism . 
  this is fact . 
   you think anybody in this thread is talking about gassing them , you moron ? 
  no , but i think the people in hungary were thinking about killing them ... and i think that history has taught us some lessons on where this kind of nationalistic hatred can end . 
  it 's not about the people in this thread - it 's about those in the article ... 
  though several like yourself seem to be a little `` heil '' strung about it . 
   why dont you let adults discuss current events in peace and spare us your hysterical moralising . 
  i brought up the historical reality , i was hardly moralizing and certainly was n't hysterical . 
   last time i checked , the united states was hardly a beacon of racial harmony . 
  this changes nothing . 
  the only reason you 're even on me about this is because it smarts hearing criticism from the outside . 
  put your big boy shorts on you pathetic , whiny little bitch . 
  the truth does not become false simply because you do n't like the messenger . 
  ps : it 's not my fault you do n't know how to use godwin 's law properly . 
   the nazis also wore shirts , ate food and fucked their wives . 
  you only have to go to a thread talking about vegetarianism or religion to see why godwins law is a good thing . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  he 's comparing the jews * who the nazis killed * to the gypsies * who the nazis killed * . 
  you meanwhile are comparing the killing of the gypsies to every day activities like eating and sex . 
  it should only take you a second to figure out who is making the fucked up comparisons here . 
   it doesnt help anyone talking about current events to bring up the nazis as though theyre some kind of yardstick . 
  godwin 's law is supposed to stop excessive irrelevant comparisons , not stop people from bringing up history that has actually already happened . 
  this is an absolutely astounding argument for ignorance . 
   nor is it the template for the future . 
  the only reason it 's not a template for the future is because we can remember the past and learn from it - which your position of '' * do n't bring that up even when people are talking about killing off the same fucking group they killed last time * does n't allow for . 
   that 's why it 's not considered classy to make comparisons - especially on a european forum ffs . 
  fuck that . 
  there was enough hatred during wwii to get support for a massive genocide of many groups by nationalists , including the gypsies . 
  now nationalist groups across europe are howling about the gypsies again , and some are threatening to kill them . 
  i do n't give a flying rat 's asshole if you consider it classy - it needs to be brought up if we want history to not repeat itself . 
  if you do n't want to be compared to nazis , perhaps you should consider not acquiring their political positions about the * same groups they killed off * . 
   are you just ignoring everything i say and living in your fantasy world shouting `` lalalalalalalalala '' ?
