  god you 're ignorant . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  people read just what they want to read . 
  1 ) i think it helps , significantly . 
  2 ) i think the far greater factors are total regional stability , combined with a massive , friendly export partner a 20 minute drive from most major canadian cities . 
  canada is responsible for it 's own prosperity , predominantly . 
  the us definitely does n't hurt that though . 
  yup . 
  and i also know the commitments made by the countries joining that they 're not living up to . 
  those same political realities * should * lead to other countries carrying their weight . 
  also because we subsidize the cost of every country who places price controls on medication . 
  most of the research that happens happens because we are paying so much . 
  if we were n't prices would rise pretty literally everywhere else . 
   if the usa started kicking out nato members ( can they even do that ? ), 
  or demanding tribute it would massively destroy their reputation and influence world wide , especially in europe . 
   sure , it would definetely cause european nations to spend more money on military , but at what cost ? 
  the only thing anyone wants is for you guys to spend what you said you would spend . 
  it hurts every single nato country when you do n't live up to your promises . 
  no one wants to kick anyone out , but you should n't have joined if you were n't willing to help out as you said you would . 
  yes , because there are no benefits to regional stability . 
  or having a large and friendly economy next door . 
  canada does n't owe us shit , but damn . 
  we 're not a detriment to them . 
   what do you want a thank you ? 
  canada has always been there for the usa every single time it has needed . 
  i grew up in michigan , we love you guys . 
  hell , the 2nd half of the company i own is based in canada . 
   you make it seem like canada does fuck all yet there we are beside you everytime you need us . 
  american politicians love to forget that , seems like the people do as well . 
  we certainly would appreciate you guys not making it seem like we 're victimizing you somehow , or that your relationship with us hurts you . 
  it does n't - at least not compared to the benefits . 
  ... but no , we do n't need a thank you . 
   i think the european public would mostly rejoice . 
   you probably could have made that argument before russia lost it 's mind , but it 'd be a hard argument to make now . 
   protection of what ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  there 's no threat to european security that 's actually big enough to make us pay for anything . 
  y ... yes , because of nato . 
  and the force behind nato , which is about 50 % the us . 
  there 's only a few countries on the planet that have the population or resources to even attempt to compete , so most simply do n't . 
   turning the us hegemony into a full-blown empire by collecting tribute would destroy all what 's left of it 's legitimacy and erode it 's power base . 
  yes , we 'd really rather countries just paid what they agreed to . 
   sure economically its excellent to be next to the usa for the most part . 
  but you guys can throw your weight around if you want and get whatever you want . 
  militarily we would never be able to compete with the us but we still have different interests globally and canada should be able to fight its own battles and not just rely on the states . 
  seriously , what do you think enables you guys to have your standard of living ? 
  your awesome healthcare ? 
  all of that expensive social safety net ? 
  it 's not having to spend out the ass for military . 
  canada * should * be able to fight it 's own battles , but you guys are fucking prosperous without having to deal with the risk ( everyone hates us , not you ) or the expense . 
  [ then , out of the other side of his mouth : lavrov ` high time to rearm , moscow 's military upgrade long overdue ' ] ( http://rt.com/news/191268-lavrov-interview-arms-race/ ), 
  touche . 
  2.3 % for uk , 2.2 % for france , both above the 2 % needed for nato . 
  turkey also has 2.3 % , but that 's all of em . 
  yeah , all you guys get is a massive export market right next door and all the advantages of a massive military ( perceived stability of country , currency , etc ) without paying for it . 
  what the fuck ? 
  germany is doing the best of europe . 
  if they ca n't deliver , no one in europe can . 
  and if no one in europe can ? 
  perhaps it 's time to either get out of nato or start paying the us for protection . 
  ... i do n't like the idea of being europe 's mercenary , but you guys made a commitment to pay a set percent to your militaries , and only a few countries are actually doing it ... 
  so i suppose you 're in favor of the west putting crushing and total sanctions on russia , right ? 
  blockading a few ports ? 
  yes yes , everyone knows about russia 's weak western border . 
  that really does n't matter worth a damn , and does n't give them the right to provoke wars in other countries on their border . 
  they 're not a fucking superpower ( not that it would be `` right '' if they were ) , they do n't get buffer zones , they do n't get satellite states . 
  they 're a 2nd tier regional power . 
  i 've already watched/listened to several of those and there 's not a damn thing said that excuses russia . 
  it 's not convenient , it 's intentional . 
  it 's the flip-side of all those soviet-era deportations : they also imported russians to create a more loyal western border . 
   what kind of research have you done about this topic ? 
  you seem to have information no one else does . 
  i 'm asking that you enlighten us . 
  you were the one claiming uncommon knowledge , not me . 
  [ doooooo tell . 
  [ if you give a mouse a cookie ... it 's going to want some milk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/myaqxj9.jpg ), 
   because you are literally showered in eu subsidies ? 
  note that it would n't bum me that much if you were n't constantly crying for european defense . 
  lol @ france complaining about * poland 's * subsidies . 
  say hey to your agriculture for me . 
  yes , me and the fellow american got a bit sidetracked . 
  if i remember correctly : france owns a lot of southern debt , but other non-southern countries own a lot of france 's debt . 
  so if france goes down , it 's going to take everyone else with them . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's not free . 
  who cares which bureaucrat is pulling the trigger ? 
  we then just print money , which is a backdoor tax on existing wealth . 
  so no , it 's not free . 
  obamacare maybe . 
  over here tax cuts are n't seen as `` free stuff '' because it 's letting you keep your own money . 
  the government taking less is not the same as the government giving you something . 
  there 's a lot of history !, 
  and there 's always more of it , never less . 
  not here , no . 
  only some . 
   yes , let 's take financial advice from people who have managed to create a national debt of $ 21.0 trillion [ 1 ] . 
  all that really matters is if lenders are confident you will pay off your debt . 
  and for the us they are . 
  that 's why they keep loaning to us . 
  country motto : `` it 's okay , i got this ! '', 
  no , i made no excuses .
