  before that there were communists . 
  it 's not that hard ... 
   because democrats were n't unreasonable people and did n't filibuster every damn bill that tried to go through the senate . 
  that is very oversimplified . 
   like the us electoral college ? 
  that has n't worked really well you know ... 
  the us electoral college does n't setup electoral boundaries . 
  that 's handled by the state legislatures . 
  the electoral college votes for president , based on how their respective states have told them they need to allocate their votes , which is almost always based on how the state itself voted . 
  that 's it . 
   that explains half of those 20 years prior to putin becoming president of russia . 
  the question is : were those 20 years because russia had bad leaders for those 20 years , or because putin is so great ? 
   if you say yeltsin paved the way for putin , then you do n't know anything about russian history . 
  yetlsin did worse than the soviets . 
  this is kind of the answer to my above question . 
  yelsin was * bad * . 
  well , there 's also been a lot of complaints on the right that they have n't been allowed to even introduce their bills or amendments . 
  so while they 're certainly not being cooperative ... no one is . 
  a lot of how hard it is to move forward also has to do with the types of bills being introduced by both sides . 
  like most narratives , the case that republicans are blocking everything ` just because ' and most democrats just did n't when they could have is a bit simplistic . 
  probably because they were a communist country for most of their recent history before putin . 
  rasmussen polls slightly to the right of reality generally . 
  not `` out of this world '' levels of inaccuracy though . 
  they were insane before obama was in office as well . 
  odd how much the republicans manage to get done in the bush era . 
  those are pretty big disruptions . 
  / r/iwantout, 
   yes , since the interesting thing is whether policies are working effectively in raising or lowering un/employment . 
  but it 's not actually unemployment . 
  it 's a number you 're pretending is unemployment . 
  all you know that it 's raising or lowering a number that 's somewhat related to unemployment . 
  recent years have shown they do n't work that well either . 
   but it does n't really move the discussion forward since what you need is a stable metric and not a perfect one . 
  so it 's okay to measure the wrong thing as long as you do it consistently ? 
  pardon me , but that makes very little sense . 
  this post is fucking disgusting . 
  this is nothing like nazi germany . 
  i grew up just outside detroit . 
  it was a joke . 
   america , especialy usa , that have no clue about how a gypsy neighborhood looks like . 
  detroit ? 
  you expect one crime they have n't solved to somehow make the case cctvs are n't prevalent ? 
  nowhere on the planet has a 100 % solved crime rate and no amount of cameras will solve that . 
   firstly , in all countries you can be recorded in public with impunity . 
  you * can * be , but you 're rarely recorded with that degree of centralization or consistency . 
   corruption exists . 
  show me a nation of angels most western nations are not as corrupt as greece or italy . 
  the problem is n't that corruption exists , it 's the scale in which it exists . 
   btw , why did you not get my `` bare arms '' pun ? 
  ah , missed it !, 
  reddit has made me blind to things that may or may not be typos . 
   it is also quite counterproductive imo , as kids are not taght how to drink responsibly because of this strict attitude . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i know almost no one who did n't drink until they were 21 , but the ones who did wait . . well , for the most part it was n't pretty when they did . 
  they had no context , no idea of what they could handle , and the entire experience was shiny and new . 
  when it was shiny and new for me i still had to sneak around , avoid the police , avoid my parents . 
  it forced moderation into me where there may not have been had i waited until 21 . 
   with the horror of alcohol i meant that parents are very protective of their kids having a couple of sips ( at least what i heard ) and i was referencing the ridiculous drinking age of 21 !, 
  ah , yes . 
  it 's generally expected that kids will get around these rules . 
  the reason our drinking age is 21 is because of the federal government tying states highway funding to their drinking age . 
  a lot of the pressure was put forth by groups like mothers against drunk driving . 
  it is certainly ridiculous though . 
   the fast food and takeaway culture ( unfortunately coppled with obesity rate ) , had not considered this , but yes . 
   people being generally quite friendly to `` certain '' other people ( part of it is the tipping culture as well ) also you occasionally get free drinks at bars which you dont really get in eu yup . 
   generally more racism ( compared to europe ) only in rural areas for the most part . . and moreso in the south . 
   the horror of nudity ( you guys really do n't like coed finnish sauna :p ) yeah . 
  it 's a little complicated but overall is hard to argue with . 
   the horror of alcohol ( caused probably by the generally more religious people across the board ) we * love * alcohol , especially and including the rural religious folk . 
   people seem to enjoy the same sports across usa to an extent . 
  hockey for example , is more popular in the midwest and ( american ) football is more popular in the south . 
  it 's watched everywhere , but the south is particularly intense about it . 
  we do seem to have a universal apathy towards european football/soccer . 
   and last but not least the right to `` bare arms '' ( of course texas does this the most ) :d the right to bear arms is not universally supported , but it 's in the constitution so it 's not optional . 
  a lot of places have wanted to pass restrictions , but ca n't . 
  interesting to see it all from the outside though . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm curious : what do you see as the same across the board in the us ? 
  i 'm stealing this . 
  it summarizes far , far too many of my political positions . 
   can you please define your term `` culture '' ? 
  so i have an idea of what exactly you are talking about . 
  culture can mean different things to different people . 
  it can be the way you talk , the way you live , the way you handle things . 
  well , in the case of the us , i 'd say : how you speak , what you value ( in a person or otherwise ) , religion , the music and media you consume , political positions , which stereotypes and subcultures you 're likely to identify with , how you view your history/heritage and that of your area , etc. 
  culture is pretty difficult to explain , i 'll admit . 
  i 'm struggling to find the right words . 
   some belgian regions might be very similar to dutch ones , while regions in belgium can be quite different from each other . 
  same thing here . 
  northern california is quite similar to oregon , southern california does it 's own thing , and eastern california is more similar to rural arizona or nevada . 
   in a matter of culture you ca n't quite compare countries of europe to states in the us . 
  it does n't quite work that way . 
  just look at the timeline of things . 
  areas and landmarks in europe have changed in the past so much more than the us ones . 
  i would say that the constant flux of borders and controlling powers in europe have led to a situation very similar to that of the united states where the culture can , to an extent , cross nation or state boundaries . 
  the difference being that the united states has been moving * away * from their common culture ( of 150 years ago or so when we spread into different/more isolated states ) , and europeans have been moving * towards * their common culturewith history 's various invasions/takeovers/spheres of influence , and the formation of the eu . 
   btw do n't take some of these comments too seriously . 
  do n't worry about it , i come in here looking for a decent intellectual scrap . 
   i know you americans are a bit rough on humour and such !, 
  i also agree with you on the part that there are differences .
