   i 'm glad that the us seem to be using their military for good , but this makes me want to see an eu military force even more . 
  i get the feeling that russia-weary eastern europeans have more faith that the us will have their back than any of the more established european nations . 
  this is n't exactly conducive to a truly united europe . 
  ideally it would be a coalition including europe ( aka nato ) , but yeah . 
  the us takes nato incredibly seriously . 
  we 've got no qualms fighting for an allied country , particularly one too weak to defend itself . 
   also , my understanding is that typically there 's similar spatting over which us state various components of military hardware get constructed in during the contracting process , and thus the labor tends to get spread out , which is probably much of the same sort of thing . 
  that 's construction though , not planning . 
  they spread it out into as many constituencies as possible , because representatives ca n't oppose something being constructed in their district . 
   you have a bad chase of nationalism with how much we pay for the military , we might as well get a little smile when it 's used for something good . 
  not even sure how you exercise to lose the weight at that point . 
  our military also acts as a humanitarian force in disaster scenarios . 
  one carrier can supply * a lot * of energy and water , never mind the people on board and their skills . 
   did n't seem to be able to sustain its presence in iraq ... for example ... 
  if our only goal was to occupy it , we could have done that just fine . 
  trying to convert it into a democracy that would be safe after we left was more the problem . 
  big walls and big guns are all you need to occupy . 
  and we had those . 
  i think statistically throwing a dart at a map would hit russia over 5.9 % of the time . 
  but aside from that i agree . 
  russia can be belligerent but they 're not a real threat anymore . 
  edit : confirmed . 
  russia covers 12.5 % of the earths land surface , and i have faith my fellow americans know what the u.s. looks like , and would not select that . 
  edit 2 : the u.s. covers around 7 % of the earths land . 
  so if they can identify the u.s. and chose a random point of land , they 'd have a decent chance . 
  i for one blame george w. bush 's often revered hypnosis skills . 
  we want literally none of those places . 
  we left 2 , even with an unfriendly government in place . 
  the other we 've barely put any resources into at all . 
   never try to justify the iraq fiasco . 
  yeah , definitely did not try to justify it . 
  yup . 
  i 'm now onboard . 
  that 's clever but irrelevant . 
  gun laws have nothing to do with russia 's capabities against the u.s. military . 
  that election was a signal they would accept it . 
  after that it falls on the u.s. congress , which ca n't agree on anything at the moment . 
  becoming a state is not a fast process . 
  because they had the training camps the 9/11 hijackers used and harbored bin laden until he fled to pakistan . 
  it was arguably the only legitimate reaction to 9/11 . 
  that was a non binding referendum . 
  the u.s. wants cheap gas . 
  that comes from stable countries . 
  we will support pretty literally anyone who is n't threatening our allies as long as they can provide that . 
  look through our recent history : we will support a dictator ( mubarak , assad , etc ) until stability fails . 
  then we support the next best bet . 
  ... they can vote to join us fully . 
  then they will . 
  destabilization of the middle east is the concern . 
  not the direct impact or threat of iran . 
  iran getting nukes means the whole middle east tries to get them . 
  a new nuke race . 
  we 've got plenty of resources . 
  compare to the expense of invasion and occupation it just does n't make sense . 
  it 's a cold war , but russia is n't even remotely competitive this time . 
  not quite the same . 
  it 's like having an angry toddler with a rivalry against a professional boxer ... 
  we try and turn the world gay , and this is what we get ? 
  why do we even bother . 
  this is somewhat relieving . 
  seriously : you guys are n't that important to us . 
  not a serious threat . 
  u.s. policy does not revolve around russia . 
  and all of the things you mention are cold war era when you guys were doing the same shit . 
  because of 9/11 and training camps and a government that was ok with harboring bin laden . 
  iraq ? 
  because saddam shot at bush 's daddy . 
  it was a fuck up . 
  in either case : the governments are n't friendly and we did n't try and extract their resources . 
  imperialism = empire = generally implying colonialism, 
  its true . 
  we did n't even get oil contracts really . 
  other countries did . 
  and that 's really all those countries have of value . 
  afghanistan was legitimate , iraq was not . 
  but i do n't think either were especially colonial . 
  unless you have an actual argument ? 
  my point is we did n't even attempt it . 
  the u.s. has very debatably attempted any direct colonies . 
  there was no attempt at resource extraction , profit , or even a significant/lasting sphere of influence . 
  we do n't even * get along * with iraq or afghanistan 's government . 
  an empire of ... mostly willing countries . . who are really just a sphere of influence ... and a few we lost money on and did n't really exploit the resources of ... uh yeah ... 
  yeah , so do we . 
  it 's also spread out over a huge space that would cost a tremendous amount to occupy . 
  plus we 'd be responsible for a bunch of low gdp per capita workers in an endlessly corrup country . 
  i can not fathom us wanting russia . 
  why in the fuck would we want russia ? 
  it would be a liability , not an asset . 
   that little thing where nazi ideology considered slavs ( the majority of ussr population ) subhumans to be exterminated ? 
  you do know that nazi treated slavs the same as jews , right ? 
   yup . 
   and please , provide source for your claim of ` ethnic cleansing justified ' . 
  there were deportations of communities that collaborated with nazis ( including some nationalistic or ethnic-based communities ) in stalin era this is a joke right ? 
  stalin deported ( and sent to labor camps ) for a tremendous number of reasons , very few having * anything whatsoever * to do with the nazis . 
  when the ussr was established they needed to increase the loyalty of their newfound buffer . 
   plus jews deportations , and there were no such things after stalin 's death . 
  it 's the opinions i 've seen regularly ( bring up kosovo with someone from russia , see how many steps it takes you to get to `` they deserved it '' ) , combined with the actions of the russian state , the countries it chooses to ally itself with , and the issues of the past it refuses to acknowledge . 
   and deportations are not cleansing , however much you might want that to be true . 
  the definition of [ ethnic cleansing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing ) contradicts that . 
  but i wonder why you would be so insistent about that ?
