  including in romania . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-15266300  `` the average pension in slovakia is less than 400 euros ( # 350 ) . 
  the average pension in greece is 1,400 euros ( # 1,200 ) - three , four times higher , '' mr sulik said . 
  why ? 
   i prefer to think of it as a collection of nations , i would hate if the eu became totally homogeneous , but i think we can share the same core values while remaining slightly different . 
  i suspect you can , but i still ca n't help but see that has quite americanized in many ways , not `` moving past the nation state '' . 
  massachusetts vs. texas vs. california and all that . 
  it 's an election year here with a democrat in office . 
  we probably wo n't invade anyone that ca n't be dealt with in a week or two , and iran ca n't be . 
   the guy suggested that we needed to get ` past ' the nation state . 
  i think the eu is a stepping stone towards getting past that . 
  would n't a federal europe essentially just create a larger nation state ? 
  from the descriptions i 've got it seems a lot like the us , but with a bit weaker federal government . 
   damn . 
  i do n't know those numbers for the us ... 
  but the average for someone in south carolina ( my state , which is in the low end ) is about 70 % of the average for california ( which is in the high end ) . 
  however , i 've seen nice homes , in scenic locations in south carolina sell for about 25 % of the value of a lower quality home in california i 've lived in california and michigan . 
  i would say my living expenses out here are about twice what they were in michigan . 
  it 's extraordinary . 
  rent in michigan was $ 700 for a 2 bedroom apartment , and in california it 's ~ $ 1000-1500 / m for a really old school 1 bedroom , but the california apartment is near the water . 
   the company allegedly mixed cow 's milk with more expensive buffalo milk that is the key ingredient in the trademark soft white cheese , and passed off batches of provolone cheese as a more expensive kind , afp news agency reported . 
  it really never occurred to me before that it was possible to make counterfeit cheese . 
   some northerners in the uk believe in a small green guy who runs around screwing peoples lives up , and all kinds of other weird crap what is this troll 's name ? 
  must ... wikipedia . . 
   are there even deists today ? 
  that was mostly a 18th century fashion , now people are either atheist or theist . 
  `` i 'm not religious , i 'm spiritual '' is what they say over here . 
  not * exactly * deist , but quite close . 
   monarchists i think my american is showing , but monarchists still exist ? 
  what the hell ? 
   not jealous of the us economy , nope . 
  shit is falling apart . 
  tell that to the countries and banks who will keep loaning to us . 
  know why we can do that ? 
  because countries and banks are confident we will pay back our debts . 
  i was really hoping you 'd change to `` germans pay your debts '' on this one . 
   you are talking about inherited fortunes ? 
  i really do n't see that big problem with it given of course that the state taxes inheritance with adequate amount , at least 10-20 % , and makes as sure as possible that there are n't loopholes for people to avoid paying inheritance taxes . 
  i think he 's hitting on the old `` if you 're hiring people to do something you are n't actually producing and therefore deserve no income from it '' trope . 
  i 'd really hoped you 'd be past v3 .0 by now . 
   the contest is basically about who can make the most ridiculously terrible song . 
  then why did jedward lose ? 
  i was confused and dug around a bit to figure out what you meant . 
  apparently the closest english equivalent is `` he 's not the sharpest tool in the shed . '', 
  i 'm not surprised at all . 
  i 'm in the start-up/tech space and many people i know have a good opinion of estonia ... especially compared to others in eastern europe . 
   if a republican had accomplished half of what obama 's done - let 's say a president who merely killed bin laden , saved the auto industry , and reformed the health care system - he 'd be heralded as the second coming of christ . 
  no , he really would n't . 
   obama gets derided by people like you because they ca n't stand a successful democratic president . 
  i voted for obama in 2008 you dumb shit . 
  and this is what i mean : you are so wrapped up in your own little narrative you are unable to see the reality beneath your feet . 
  it 's pathetic , and yet i 'd wager you see yourself as a paragon of political information and balance : something that is true only in the fictional constructs of your imagination . 
   for example , rather than giving him praise for accomplishing health care reform , including a prohibition of the practice of not covering pre-existing conditions and measures that will make health care affordable for all americans , something which various administrations have tried to do for decades yet failed , you complain because it is n't perfect . 
  no , i complain because it 's * bad * and makes it nearly impossible to * improve * . 
  it was largely written by liz fowler , the [ vice president of wellpoint ] ( http://fdlaction.firedoglake.com/2010/03/29/baucus-thanks-wellpoint-vp-liz-fowler-for-writing-health-care-bill/ ) . 
  it was written by lobbyists , for lobbyists . 
   you complain that it will be difficult to get to a single payer system , as though single payer was politically feasible . 
  bills must be made with consideration for the future ; this one was n't . 
  it creates a system that is nearly impossible to move forward from . 
   you allege that obama 's reform has caused difficulties regarding medicare drug price negotiations - that prohibition predates the aca and an extension of it is trivial compared to the benefits of removing the bans on pre-existing condition coverage . 
  actually , i was referencing a deal he made with the phrma - not an official bill/law . 
  to gain their support , he agreed to veto any attempt at allowing import/export of drugs , and agreed to veto anything that would allow us to negotiate . 
   you gripe about the last ndaa , without realizing that obama 's enforcement guidelines , issued in march , completely neutered the provisions mandating military detention this is an outright ** lie ** . 
  he issued a non-binding signing statement . 
  he * can * , he just says he * wo n't * . 
  and that 's completely beside the point because * every future president will have this ability * . 
  would you trust palin or bush with it ? 
  i would n't . 
   your praise for republicans objecting to `` bad bills '' is laughable - the gop is unfit to govern . 
  the bush years and the tea party idiocy prove it . 
  if you 're advocating for the current gop , you have no grounds for criticizing anyone else 's interpretation of politics . 
  the republicans are also a horrible party . 
  that does n't mean they 're wrong to veto most of the shit that obama has put forwards . 
   suprised_by_bigotry , i do n't see a flag by your name . 
  are you from switzerland ? 
  because almost every country has blood on its hands . 
  yeah , but most do n't increase the amount of civilian blood on their hands for the sake of political convenience and that 's exactly what we 're doing . 
  it is politically inconvenient to deal with what happens when we capture them , so we kill them ( and everyone around them ) instead . 
  holy shit , this is quite possibly the worst description of the american political environment i 've ever read . 
  to any europeans reading this : this is the `` fanboy '' version of the democratic party . 
   the affordable care act was a major victory for fixing the us health care system it also has made our current system utterly unmovable ( you 'll never move to single payer now ) , required him giving up medicare 's ability to negotiate drug prices for even longer ( so we will get ripped off ) , and it has a pretty low approval rating in general . 
  obama completely failed to advocate for his bill , and as a result it is disliked by most americans . 
   obama 's bailout of the us auto industry has revived that sector of our economy , which might otherwise have been lost yes , this is one thing he did that worked . 
   he also restored federal funding for stem cell research and has apparently been trying to avoid war with iran . 
  yes , because he 's tossed us into other wars , and is now bombing more countries than we were during the bush years . 
  we do n't have the money to do a war with iran , but he 's been perfectly happy to blow up people in other countries less capable of defending themselves . 
   you also need to take republican obstructionism into account when assigning blame for specific american problems not being fixed . 
  the republicans blocked the bills because they thought they were * bad bills * . 
  part of being a good president is being able to create bills that garner support on both sides . 
   obama openly ran as a centrist , even though many people falsely believed him to be leftist , and he promised to do things like escalate the war in afghanistan while he was campaigning , so many people who were let down were people who had unrealistic expectations . 
  people are n't upset about afghanistan . 
  there are plenty of things more `` to the left '' that he promised and lied about . 
  people object to the drone strikes in yemen and pakistan . 
  they also object to him breaking his promises for more transparency ( which he failed at ) , no lobbyists in his administration ( he has a huge number of them , including in key positions heading up his institutions ) , he began raiding medical marijuana dispensaries after promising to back off , he re-signed the patriot act with very little in the way of reform , and he has completely failed to roll back the surveillance state after initially insisting that there was no need to compromise our rights for security . 
  the democrats are cowards . 
  they 're afraid to be called weak on defense . 
  they were too pathetic to send the ndaa back with an indefinite detention provision because of what the republicans would say about them . 
  the republicans do n't even * actually * filibuster anymore . 
  they just have to suggest it 's a possibility and the democrats fold like construction paper in water . 
  posts like yours are what many europeans want to hear so i suspect it will be well received - but it 's not how things are unless you are an absolute devotee of the democratic party .
