   it is infuriating that europe is an occupied territory to such a great extent that leaders must govern more like americans than like social-democratic finns . 
  europe is not fucking occupied . 
   i would say that 's definitely accurate from our end . 
  we 've always been taught to naturally distrust governing bodies . 
  i would say that `` having our government '' is a great reason to distrust governments . 
  politically i 'd probably be significantly further to the left if i lived in norway . 
   and bad regulating ( like a tank is a workplace hence it have to be safe for pregnant women etc ) is that a real example ? 
  ... i suppose it 'd be safer than * not * being in the tank . 
  she looks trustworthy and basket looks strong . 
  aaa rating . 
   safety from rampant gun crime ? 
  if you 're not attempting to screw over a cocaine dealer you 're pretty safe . 
  we have gun crime , but tightly tied to certain regions/demographics/conflict types . 
  people are not getting randomly picked off walking down suburban streets . 
   and why is that ? 
  it 's the best way of transport in many cities creepy homeless guys masturbating at you . 
   no maternity or paternity leave . 
  no payed vacation , no socialized healthcare . 
  american cops . 
  no * legally required * maternity leave/paid vacation/health care . 
  if you 're `` middle class '' you almost certainly have those things . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  it was noise in the distance . 
  the article says they actually came under fire . 
  not `` heard a noise in the distance '' . 
  also a shell landed in a nearby building . 
  all you hear is the sound of something big shooting . 
  nothing lands near them , nothing indicates where it is , and nothing indicates who is firing it . 
  but it 's used in remembrance day , which is n't wwi specific . 
  the poppy is a symbol used for remembrance day , which is to commemorate * all * soldiers who died in the line of duty . 
  it started with wwi , but it 's not wwi specific . 
   not sure about a unified vat rate , as different states have different economies and fiscal policy . 
  [ assuming you 're talking about us states ] the difference being that state level taxes are pretty much ignored in the us for online purchases . 
  a few big companies do it ( amazon ) but many ignore . 
  and i 'm not even sure they 're * supposed * to bother for only-online goods . 
   sadly it seems that more control is the only way tree and string control ? 
  it 's a fucking bow and arrow . 
  you could * maybe * get rid of the professionally made one , but the real issue here is `` 13 year old wanting to kill people '' , not the method he chose to do it . 
  i doubt he would have just `` not '' without a crossbow . 
  nope . 
  those are facts and most of it is uncontested even by russia . 
  there was no legitimate referendum . 
  and what vote did occur ( illegitimate though it was ) happened * after * russia had invaded and captured key buildings . 
  starting from zero youd probably be right , but ovh 's infrastructure is insane . 
  they run some of the highest bandwidth lines in the world from france to canada , then down from there . 
  we rent servers across the world ( 15 countries ) . 
  our french servers are often faster when connecting to us based sites than other u.s. servers are . 
  `` the largest trade partners '', 
  i 've found shogun 2 rewards at least slightly more complex strategy . 
  not too much . 
  but a bit . 
  `` deploy the phalanx square ! '', 
  `` and then ? '', 
  `` stand there until the enemy general runs into a spear ! '', 
   russian \u2260 soviet . 
   it is merely coincidence that it 's russia that gets upset when states remove soviet monuments and statues . 
   elections were held months later and with a civil war going on . 
   yes , because civil wars tend to delay such things . 
  it 's hardly ukraine fault that a brand new interim government could n't fend off a civil war and arrange an entire election that would actually be reputable in a matter of weeks . 
   maybe he fled to avoid the ultranationalists . 
  if that were true he would have fled to crimea or donetsk . 
  he fled to avoid trial . 
   during the elections held by the interim government , communist party supporters could just go for a walk in kiev 's parks , right ? 
  lrn2ukraine : yanukovych 's party was the party of regions . 
  and elections were also held in the east , though the rebels kept people from voting . 
   they had a negative attitude before ukraine was invaded . 
  the president of that country was overthrown without elections because he signed a trade agreement with russia and i 'm sure that a trade agreement does not an invasion make . 
   1 ) there * was * an election . 
  the interim government practically immediately declared elections and allowed anyone including yanu 's party to run 2 ) he fled the country to avoid trial for human rights violatons ( torturing/killing protesters ) . 
  and he did n't flee to a safe haven like crimea , he fled all the way to russia ( outside ukrainian jurisdiction . 
  3 ) you ca n't really do elections properly while someone is banning protest and torturing/killing his political opposition . 
  an election without proper opposition with full democratic rights is just a formality . 
  in ex ussr states communism is more about nostalgia for the ussr and less about communism . 
  do n't tell that to / r/anarchism ... 
   i did n't say all coke adds are just reminders . . of course they do the emotional appeals to . 
  but many of them are reminders . 
  reminders they can use to work off of 50 + years of intense emotional branding . 
  i was totally going to argue with you and then i googled it . 
  the 2015s look like a gaudy cadillacs . 
   does the kremlin really take a stance on stalin ? 
   they 're definitely creating and capitalizing on nostalgia from the stalin era , less so stalin directly . 
   pathetic threat . 
  is ( is ) is in europe because some of their members have citizenship . 
  they do n't come in illegally by boat , they 're flying with turkish airlines straight to heahtrow , cdg , brussels or schiphol . 
  [ vice 's europe or die ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=europe+or+die ) series may be interesting to you ... there are a * lot * of people traveling in via turkey/greece , and they 're largely not eu citizens . 
   bentley , rolls-royce , aston martin  any italian car brand in my opinion . 
  but bentley and rolls at least are a totally different kind of car than the italian cars . 
  i think for aston martin vs. italian cars it 's just a difference in preference . 
  an aston should feel like caged dragon , roaring with power but contained by it 's british sensibilities . 
  an italian [ sports ] car has none of that restraint . 
  they want to be pedal to the ground . 
   does n't depend on those at all . 
  i lived on bainbridge island , a rich island off the coast of seattle , which receives snow pretty much every year , and every time the power would go out when it snowed even a little bit , because those idiots could n't be bothered to bury the power lines underground . 
  yeah , let me guess ... not densely populated ? 
  meaning fewer people to fund burying the lines ? 
  i 'm so sorry guys . 
  i mean hella sorry . 
  that 's incredible . 
  has `` hella '' spread to the uk ? 
  thought it was just a norcal thing ...
