  ** publically owned ** both ireland and scotland still have publicly owned water supplies . 
   why are the trains run by private companies for the benefit of their shareholders when we still subsidise them and there is no choice for the customer ? 
  seems like this is more a problem with subsidies ( which thatcher generally disliked as well ) . 
  be private or public , mixing the 2 is bad . 
   she did have a habit of ending up on the losing side of history , it has to be said . 
  foreign policy . . absolutely . 
  domestically ? 
  well , she 's hated but i think it 's hard to argue she was wrong in terms of long term vision . 
  the industries she 's blamed for `` destroying '' are typically things like mining ( iron , coal , etc ) that existed only by heavy subsidy . 
  in the years since they were reduced , the chinese have been competing at a rate almost no european country would be able to compete with . 
  chinese miners make * today * what british miners wanted in the * 1970s * , and with far fewer safety provisions . 
  the industry - had she continued subsidizing it - would have been virtually extinct by now . 
  the subsidies would have become unmanageable . 
  britain would have invested billions into something that they would gain nothing from long term . 
  the opportunity cost alone would be huge , never mind the direct subsides that could be applied elsewhere to things that would actually be around in 20 years . 
  instead she turned around and provided training programs ( which admittedly did n't take as well as they should have ) to try to get people into the `` new '' economy ( the service economy ) that very much helped to resurrect britain 's failing power . 
  what she did was * very * bad in the short term - she essentially went after entire industries in one big swoop , fearing that she would lose if it became a series of smaller political fights over decades - and in doing so obliterated industry in some cities . 
  * but * her vision - where she thought the future was headed and what she thought britain would/wouldn ' t be able to compete in - was spot on . 
  she probably improved many more people 's lives than she hurt , but she did it indirectly and years after she left power . 
  i think history will smile upon her , even if public opinion does n't . 
   apartheid , pinochet , zia ul-haq , privatisation , take your pick . 
  when she privatized the telecom service , the us was the only country with a private phone service . 
  now almost every country in the world does . 
  publicly owned airlines ? 
  also virtually extinct anywhere since thatcher . 
  publicly owned trucking ? 
  also virtually extinct anywhere since thatcher . 
  when it comes to privitization it 's hard to say she was on the `` losing side '' of history as most of the things she privatized ended up serving as a model other countries followed the world over . 
  now she may be on the losing side of * your opinion * when it came to what she privatized , but historically speaking she pretty clearly won . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  sounds interesting . 
   at a joint press conference in dublin friday , finance ministers from germany , france , britain , italy , spain and poland announced their intentions to boost bank transparency within europe and beyond . 
  that strikes me as odd phrasing . 
  when i think of transparency i think of `` more transparency * for the people * '' . 
  i highly doubt when all this is done you or me will be able to see any more of the mechanations of the bank than we can now . 
  '' * the cagots were a persecuted and despised minority found in the west of france and northern spain : * '' that 's an ... interesting lead for wikipedia to have chosen . 
   there 's a deeply ingrained untrust toward all kind of elites can you expand on this a little ? 
  until quite recently france seemed to have a lot of faith in their government . 
  you do n't find many places as far to the left as france who do n't trust their government officials to some degree . 
  [ london is 3rd , and cambridge is not ranked ] ( http://www.geekwire.com/2012/top-25-startup-ecosystems-world/ ) other european rankings : moscow ( 10 ) , paris ( 11 ) , madrid ( 14 ) , berlin ( 17 ) , warsaw ( 23 ), 
   i think a good point here is : how would the us be doing if we remove silicon valley from the equation ? 
  can the rest of the us compete with silicon valley any better than europe is able to ? 
  europe as a whole is doing quite a decent job despite not having silicon valley and the huge integrated market , and maybe we should n't expect to do much better in this area . 
  i think the difference here is that silicon valley is a drain on everywhere else : a lot of the people there * are n't from california * . 
  they go there specifically for the start-up scene . 
  without silicon valley they 'd still be doing startups , just elsewhere . 
  i 've been in the start up scene for quite a long time , and i have n't heard of a similar situation in europe . 
  people tend to start-up where they 're located there . 
  even beyond that , we have large start-up scenes elsewhere . 
  austin texas is absolutely exploding . 
  florida is the center of all things `` health '' related . 
  utah has also been a strong hub as well . 
  colorado is growing too . 
   i 'm not a leftist radical by any means but this whole ` we need low wages to be competitive ' idea needs to die a slow , painful death . 
  you do n't * need * low wages , but you do need to be producing something of higher quality ( or with smaller amounts of labor ) that makes the price of the end product competitive . 
  on the lowest end of manufacturing ( simple things that it 's hard to mess up ) , this causes problems . 
  it 's harder to distinguish yourself ( or your company or your product ) as making something significantly better . 
  `` we have higher living standards so it must be more expensive '' does n't make someone buy the product at the higher price . 
  there has to be some tangible that makes it worth it . 
   yes , but the french economy is not doing well , they ca n't afford this . 
  besides , point to the swedes and say it did n't even work there , in that socialistic country , so it will hardly work here . 
  i mean , the french are not stupid , the money they loose is more than the gains . 
  populism is characterized by siding with the poor against the elites in almost all circumstances . 
  true populism does n't really factor intelligence into it - they 're speaking the language of emotion . 
  in times like these when the economies are in the tank , people want to know who to blame and they want those people to be punished . 
  in the absence of clear targets ( or perhaps , too many of them ) broad sweeps like the ones france is doing sound good . 
  so it continues , whether or not it 's smart . 
  people just want to feel like they 're `` winning '' against the people who did this to them . 
  because populism . 
   indeed , she was the british hitler , not only did she remove the social safety net and privatize whole industries and thus committed genocide she was also a buddy of pinochet !, 
  need i say more ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  britain * still has * a significant social safety net . 
  people are not and were not dying in mass numbers because of anything thatcher did . 
  this is incredibly hyperbolic and more than that disrespectful to the people who actually died from hitler . 
  i can not believe this subreddit has gone of it 's rocker enough to be seriously upvoting someone who is saying `` hurr durr privitization = * literally hitler * '' . 
  she [ introduced training programs for millions of people ] ( http://www.fsmitha.com/h2/ch37-thatcher.htm ) and supported the nhs in it 's public form . 
  she did n't even match up to * reagan * , nonetheless hitler . 
  edit : still ca n't believe it . 
  * europeans * of all people ( they should know better ) comparing thatcher to hitler and defending this . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
   every fucking day -- and not just once per day . 
  you 're lucky you 're not an american . 
  it 's multiple times per day , but they 're not kidding . 
  i agree , but at the same time you need to stop the bleeding before you can sew up the wound . 
  europe right not is not politically in a place where doing what needs to be done can really be done . 
  with a little growth and some stability they would probably have a better chance . 
  without it everything is just going to appear like like it 's unfairly helping one country or another . 
  there 's just a lot more unity when things are improving ... and right now there 's no country that could lead without a lot of suspicion . 
  from the article : * `` if i worked for a french ski school my qualifications would be fine and i 'd be able to work without any restrictions , '' he said . 
  * aka : he is up to french standards . 
   if foreign tour operators in france absolutely want ski instructors from their own country , they should send them follow the french formation or make sure that their qualifications have an equivalence in france beforehand . 
  that 's the issue here . 
  they * are * up to french standards . 
  but they 're up to french standards * for the french * . 
   nationality has nothing to do with anything . 
  tour groups are clearly and obviously going to be staffed by mostly foreigners . 
  given france 's habitual affection for protectionism , it 's hard to draw another conclusion . 
   and yes , no control over who can be in charge of the safety of a group of people would fit well in an anarchist system . 
  it 's not a question of `` no control '' it 's a question of common standards for people doing what is essentially the same job .
