  4 ) i love the look of shock on european 's faces when i meet them irl and am familiar with events , politicians , political parties , etc in their country . 
   because with the system described in that post , a scenario would be possible , in which german soldiers could be deployed against the will of germany . 
  and that is simply not happening . 
  especially not with only a qualified majority requirement . 
  maybe if there was an opt-out clause , but i would even have doubts then . 
  i get that the eu is not like the us , but it seems like a stretch to say it 's `` simply not happening '' . 
  not that long ago people would have said the same about deploying soldiers from virginia or mississippi without their permission ... up until the mid/late 1800s or so , people in the us considered themselves citizens of the state they were in more than they did citizens of the united states ... of course that required a civil war to change ( it was kind of the catalyst ) , but yeah . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the ruble becoming worth less means that products become more expensive , which impacts the purchasing power of the ruble ... obviously it does n't hold * as * true for domestic products , but it still seems like there 'd be a significant impact . 
  in terms of per-capita purchasing power in 2013 : poland = $ 21,100 russia = $ 18,100 in 2013 ( when that data was gathered ) it was ~ 30 rubles to the dollar . 
  this year it 's been ~ 60 . 
  so the data is definitely exaggerate , but not as far off as you 'd think . 
   til arab spring was an american project . 
  in russia ( and a lot of the ex-ussr states ) there is a belief that no protest is legitimate . 
  ever . 
  honestly no one knows . 
  what they * do * know is that if you ca n't pay your military they wo n't do anything and if you ca n't finance militants , they wo n't get money . 
  a country running out of money done properly turns into more of a math equation than politics . 
  most timelines i 've seen are russia running out of it 's foreign currency reserves in 18 months , * then * the shit hitting the fan . 
  not exactly any minute now . 
   i 'm estonian and i can say that i am a little bit better at english than my mother tongue . 
  so , there 's nothing really crazy or spectacular about it . 
  you guys are a weird little country and i kind of love you for it . 
   and throw the country into political instability for ages , completely fucking up their development ( lybia , iraq ) . 
  the countries were already unstable ( iraq aside , which was held together by brutality ) . 
  that 's when we decide to no longer back the dictator . 
  really those countries ( particularly iraq ) were fucked from the minute their borders were drawn by britain and the other powers of the time . 
  the us favors `` stability '' and `` not trying to blow us up '' for the most part . 
  when a dictator seems to lose their ability to keep their country stable , we 're pretty quick to throw them to the wolves ( egypt , libya , etc ) . 
   a dictator arguably has a lesser claim to represent popular will than a democracy does . 
  that 's still more of a claim than that of a foreign invading force , which has none . 
   while i disagree with iraq , the idea that our military became the government itself or decides it is ridiculous . 
  we spend hundreds of billions of dollars to let people vote , and often they vote for people we do n't like . 
  and the election still goes on . 
   the only remotely acceptable argument for invading iraq was that it presented a threat to civilian lives because of an allegedly reactivated wmd program . 
  once that was revealed to be complete bull , the invasion lost all pretense of legitimacy . 
  it was an illegitimate invasion , but that does n't make what you 're saying correct . 
  i would n't do the invasion again if given the opportunity ( and objected to it strongly as it was happening ) , but i wo n't shed a tear for saddam . 
  quite possibly . 
  we * never * call ourselves yanks and most people are n't really aware anyone else does . 
   almost any government can credibly proclaim to represent popular sovereign will more than a foreign invading army can . 
  the us has never had and should never have the right to forcefully intervene in the political processes of other nations , 1 ) no non-democracy can claim to represent the will of the people . 
  a dictator almost by definition does not involve the will of the people ... which is why the root word is `` dictate '' . 
  2 ) what you 're saying has nothing to do with afghanistan . 
  that was a war because we were attacked by a group that effectively functioned as the taliban 's militia . 
  post cold war ... we 've been really relaxed with democracies . 
  even ones that hate us . 
  afghanistan was legitimate , iraq was not ... but on neither case did we `` trample the will of the people '' . 
  they were dictatorships , not democracies . 
  ... we are not a threat to europe . 
  what the fuck ? 
  have n't really done much ( if anything ) to democracies since the end of the cold war . 
  they are * not * equally bad . 
  our foreign policy is often fucked up , but if russia or china had the power we do the world would be a much , much worse place . 
   i 'm not sure why that is relevant . 
  no majority is ever going to let a minority go . 
  they could have had one man ove vote and they would not have had a majority to leave the british empire . 
  the simple question is : who decides what country a people are a part of ? 
  do they decide , or does someone else 1 ) the idea is that when you have democratic representation and a legal way out violence is not the answer . 
  2 ) it 's not a question at all . 
  it is literally defined in the ukrainian constitution . 
  the entire nation invests in regions at a deficit with the idea of that paying off via future returns in taxes . 
  that is how literally every country runs . 
  it is the entire nations business if a region leaves , and is effectively stealing from them . 
  1 ) a lot of the issue was that the americans did n't * have * any representation . 
  that 's why force was necessary . 
  2 ) ukraine was not a revolution . 
  it was almost entirely russia . 
  the w guys in charge ( one of the military the other of the pseudo state ) were literally `` ex '' fsb russians from moscow . 
  this was about sending a message about what happens when you break away from russia 's sphere of influence . 
  they do n't really give a duck about the east enough to seriously fund a rebuilding , and donetsk ca n't afford it itself . 
  not only did he flee , he fled to avoid trial for his crimes . 
  he did n't just go to a pro russia region that would be safe from any perceived dangers from protesters , he went to fucking russia . 
  outside of the jurisdiction of his own country . 
  there are actual laws in ukraine for leaving the territory . 
  done under those rules ? 
  absolutely . 
  i used to check this sub first thing in the morning . 
  now i barely remember to ever . 
  it 's just so monotonous and boring . 
  for serious ? 
  then why the fuck is this guy being upvoted ? 
  upvoted for dildo comparison . 
  a lot of very well armed people do n't advertise it . 
  us here : all our best sushi places are staffed by mexicans . 
  lol this kinda cray . 
  so cray . 
  how many attacks have happened in the past 15 years in germany ? 
  out of curiosity . 
  probably because most of russia is barely populated . 
  ca n't form a breakaway state with 80 people and a frozen goat . 
   alright , who do you suggest ? 
  navalny the populist ? 
  kasparov the biter ? 
  it 's very easy to say `` just get rid of him '' , but no one ever brings up at least one example of a capable candidate with better qualifications than putin that 's probably because putin has created a political environment that makes it nearly impossible for political opposition to thrive , not because putin is so great . 
  honestly i would start out with someone who is going to allow the political scene to actually grow and will run competently . 
  not a `` rockstar '' , just someone who can help create a more `` real '' democratic system in russia for a couple years while keeping the country running . 
  just elect someone else ... that 's `` getting rid '' of him ... 
  oh yes . 
  lived there for 4 + years in ocean beach . 
  clothing is n't even * that * there when it 's there .
