  mostly because you can not establish a ratings agency in the midst of a crisis with the stated goal of `` making the whole situation better '' . 
  people will ignore it . 
  it 's a practical problem with starting a new agency credibly more than explicit support for the us ratings agencies . 
   imo they should have been held accountable for this , yet never were or never will be . 
  yeah , because they did n't break any laws . 
  they were bad at their job , but that 's not illegal here . 
  the massive hit to their credibility ( that you have touched on here ) is the punishment . 
  people more or less ignore what they say now . 
   not to mention that the eu collectively has an extremely powerful military , with particularly strong armour and air defences . 
  there 's also two organically nuclear armed states . 
  the armed forces tend towards the defensive , rather than the expiditionary role , but france and the uk are strong projectors . 
  when the uk regains carriers , they 'll be much stronger again . 
  [ europe is actually relatively light on aircraft and military ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/apr/05/nato-lacking-strike-aircraft-libya ) . 
  they had problems supplying the aircraft , [ missiles ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/8400079/libya-navy-running-short-of-tomahawk-missiles.html ) , and fuel refilling capability in libya after an * incredibly * short period of time , and that was without real resistance from libya . 
  europe 's military has essentially been outsourced to the united states . 
  they are capable of interventions in 3rd world countries , but not much more than that . 
  fact : nothing calms markets like telling people that you 're anticipating everyone betting on your downfall . 
   incorrect !, 
  no , it 's really not . 
  ultimately , the one who loses out biggest if you die is you . 
  you are the one who has the most interest in your own survival , and because of that it is your own responsibility . 
  society has some responsibility , but ultimately the cost of a failure on their part falls primarily to you . 
  if something dangerous is happening , police will not be there as it happens . 
  they will be there * after * to conduct an investigation , but that does n't do the dead person any good . 
   without enacting social change , you will forever be living in fear and were you will never be able to achieve your goal of taking responsibility for your own protection . 
  yeah , we do n't live in fear . 
  helplessness - to me - is a far more scary feeling than personal responsibility . 
   you do n't think countries with low crime is down to people taking responsibility for their own safety do you ? 
  no , they are down to the social situation in that country !, 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  you have society make as many people as possible safe , then allow for people to take care of themselves * when society fails * . 
  no one is advocating for eliminating the police and dealing with everything personally . 
  it 's just for `` worst case '' scenarios . 
   as long as you have a large swat of your population living in abject poverty , a high number of crimes and often very violent crimes , is to be expected . 
  yup . 
  and disarming the population will do nothing to deal with poverty . 
   the best weapon against crime is social change !, 
  easier said than done . 
  the american poverty cycle is really complex , and is something we ca n't just throw money at to fix . 
   the same way no market has ever truly been . 
  not quite to the same extent . 
  most industries left to themselves are driven by supply and demand . 
  some of them are even close to a free market ( especially with the internet nowadays ) . 
  banking however is removed from a true market on a level that ca n't really be rivaled . 
  banks are essentially an uncontrolled apparatus of the state . 
  not many industries can claim such a title . 
   i 'm telling you that when they do so unregulated , we end up in crises each and every time . 
  the banking sector is inextricably tied to the government and the reserve banks . 
  it 's kind of a misnomer to even think of it as a traditional market ... it 's simply not driven by supply and demand the same way almost any other market would be . 
   walk down the street with a beer in your hand ? 
  not a problem in most countries . 
  banned in american parks and virtually everywhere else . 
  want to travel by major transport domestically ? 
  better be ready for some of the most invasive and degrading `` security checks '' possible . 
  this goes double if you 're flying . 
  highest incarceration rate in the entire world , both per capita and total . 
  the us has more prisoners than china , a nation of more than one billion people . 
  just think about that for a minute if you will . 
  so the problem is people * not advocating for enough freedom * , not people advocating for it too much as you seem to be insinuating elsewhere . 
   i would definitely agree that even as an american , it is difficult for me to wrap my head around the fact that we have very few rights , especially as workers and consumers , but will fight tooth and nail to ensure that we make it easy for the average person to repeat what just happened in colorado , and this little episode wo n't change that . 
  [ educate yourself on the difference between negative and positive rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negative_and_positive_rights ) . 
  the bill of rights in this country is written as negative rights , so that 's the type of rights the country believes in as a whole . 
  essentially : we see rights as restrictions on government ( preventing them from interfering ) , not restrictions or requirements placed on the people . 
   what is this i do n't even ama ? 
   its in the constitution . 
  the constitution is a sort of secular religion . 
  you can not hope to contradict it on purely rational grounds . 
  holy shit i 'm tired of this argument . 
  the constitution is not similar to religion , but it is a legally binding document . 
  if you want to change something in it , you have to actually * amend the constitution * to do it . 
  it is the core of our legal system . 
  of course you ca n't just change it on a whim , or pass laws and forget about it `` because it 's old '' . 
  you have to go through the process . 
  insisting on that process is not the same as it being a secular religion , it 's the same as insisting on `` the rule of law '' . 
   sanctity of american constitution is shocking notion for me . 
  if someone said to me that schuman declaration , lisbon treaty , polish constitution , or something like that is perfect now and forever i would say they is crazy . 
   there is no cyclical time and language and context change . 
  there was also no golden age and we can do better than aspire to be like our ancestors . 
  that 's why we let people amend it . 
  it 's not that the constitution can never be changed , it 's that you have to go through the proper process to change it . 
  it 's the foundation of our legal world . 
  it 's not odd that we insist you follow proper procedure to change it . 
   the whole reaction to that was just mind blowing . 
  it is as if they have some kind of hero complex where they want to go dirty harry on the bad guys . 
  there is a strong ` every man for themselves ' attitude which is draped under the veil of ` freedom ' . 
  they want the wild west back . 
  it 's not about wanting the wild west back or a hero complex ; it 's about understanding that ultimately you are the one who cares most if you live , and that you are your own responsibility . 
  the police showing up in 10 minutes is not a consolation if you were killed during minute 9 . 
   or you know , improve the police force ... police are * incredibly * well paid . 
  $ 100k + per year in many cases , strong benefits and pensions , incredibly overstaffed . 
  and ( as you 're probably aware ) they have all the toys - tazers , vehicles , forensic resources , etc that they could ever want . 
  if you add cops , they just use them as traffic cops to get more revenue . 
  police are there to clean up the mess after it 's over , not help you when it 's happening . 
   so when the illusion starts to fall apart ... people just relocate to where it has n't . 
  that 's why we 've had a big influx of people moving to california ( start up culture ) , and a notable young/hipster culture moving to detroit where land is cheap and no one will stop you from doing what you need to to get by . 
  people are n't as bound to the region they 're from as they are elsewhere . 
  we will follow opportunity when it gets too restricted where we are . 
   where did you live in america ? 
  i 've never seen that mindset in the northeast . 
  if you lived in texas or the midwest , i would understand .
