  bravo hollande . 
  bravo . 
   climb out of the past . 
  the united states is the de facto military power behind nato . 
   most likely i know several of them ( i work in advertising ) . 
  they have no european offices and i 'm not aware of any plans to . 
   but you get a lot more money by cooperating with local banks and so one , and that means having at least offices in ireland or dutchland . 
  how do you figure ? 
  credit card processing works across borders and a $ 20 international wire transfer free is n't going to be enough to make them surrender their business model . 
   so while yes some are obviously out of our reach , we still have some degree of private life protection . 
  probably google and facebook will comply , but they 're not really the worst offenders ( hard as that is to believe ) i ca n't imagine a company whose sole industry is consumer data/classification complying or staying where they 'd need to . 
  i feel like something being missed here is that the companies that are really doing all of the information buying/selling are not companies you 've heard of . 
  they 're companies that * only do data gathering and user classification * . 
   actually they do , in ireland like you say . 
  but ireland still run on european laws and the fbi still ca n't barge in another nato member country because they would be thrown the fuck out most of the time . 
  oh yeah , i agree with this . 
  but i 'm saying a lot of these companies that are tracking/profiling users do n't have an office there . 
   no , seriously , this is n't about tax . 
  it 's about the us police getting full access to european citizens data . 
  http://www.zdnet.com/yes-u-s-authorities-can-spy-on-eu-cloud-data-heres-how-7000010653/ i 'm not saying it 's about tax , i 'm saying that if the primary reason a company is in ireland is tax reasons and because of that they have to comply with these laws , they 're going to have to weigh the cost of complying with the law against the tax benefits they receive for being in ireland . 
  without a european office , this entire thing falls apart for better or for worse . 
   i mean give me a couple of examples where they bossed the eu around please . 
  france 's massive agricultural subsidies . 
   why do we allow lobbying again ? 
  we should do it like the indians do it and just define it as a form of bribery . 
  get these corporate parasites out of my parliament . 
  from the article : * beyond his formal response , the 30-year-old german legislator has endorsed a new petition ( the `` brussels declaration '' ) from civil liberties groups , digital rights associations , and many of europe 's technorati . 
  * those '' * civil liberties groups , digital rights associations * '' are lobbying as well . 
  lobbying ( especially in a place like the eu where you ca n't directly fund a campaign ) is nothing more than allowing organizations to take their point of view to the people in charge . 
   murika is pissed because it will severely hamper their ability to spy on eu citizens . 
  ... if you have a location in the eu , yes . 
  otherwise ? 
  not so much . 
  i think the real issue that will be run into here is that a good deal of the services online * have no european location * and many that do have it primarily for tax reasons ( aka ireland ) . 
  without the us being behind the effort , the law becomes unenforceable for a significant percentage of the websites out there . 
  it will also be interesting to see what happens if the cost for compliance with this law exceeds the tax savings that comes with irish locations . 
   edit : not saying the uk is n't one of the more charitable nations , i just prefer statistics that allow for population size or gdp . 
  gdp is a tricky measurement . 
  let 's say you have one oil-based nation with relatively high profit margins and one factory-based nation with lower profit margins . 
  the gdp of the latter may exceed the gdp of the former , even though their actual disposable income ( aka what you can give as aid ) is lower . 
  suffixing with `` phobia '' is a way to disregard and minimize the position of someone who simply disagrees . 
  it makes it seem as though any reason for not supporting the eu is based on gut emotion and not rational issues . 
   shows uk europhobes so not wanting to join the eu is a phobia now ? 
  it 's not just `` a difference of opinion '' . 
  mind = blown . 
  they are part of the eu , but resist further integration and some want to leave . 
  either way , hardly a phobia . 
  are you saying you do n't think it 's prohibitively difficult and expensive to hire/fire in europe , that people do n't not hire because of it , or that canada is not the far better place to do business ? 
  i 'd be more than happy to cite you some `` fun '' with european labor law if you 'd like . 
  a few have changed in recent months , but their reputation and legacy live on . 
  spain is especially fun . 
  it 's not all `` bad '' per se , it 's just far more restrictive than the other 1st world countries you have to compete with . 
   so , shall we ( the working force ) start preparing ourselves to compete with other countries like bangladesh for example ? 
  6 day work week @ # 50 per month anyone ?? 
  no , but you 're not just being out-competed by bangladesh . 
  you 're being outcompeted by places like canada . 
  it 's really hard to hire someone in the eu , and damn near impossible to fire them later ( and incredibly expensive if you do ) . 
  i know lots of business owners , and the hiring/firing process is one of the primary reasons they wo n't hire in europe . 
  canada has found a good middle ground - fair to the workers , but not overly burdensome on employers . 
  as a result a full half of our company is there . 
  you 're really only competing against countries with similar skillsets and productivity , so you do n't have to drop yourself to the standards of the 3rd world or emerging economies . 
  edit : love it . 
  when asked to specify `` what '' is nonsense , nothing is said . 
  kudos guys . 
   how `` free '' should `` free speech '' be ? 
  this is honestly a ridiculous question . 
  how much should i charge you for a `` free '' slice of pizza ? 
  damn right . 
  the best way to confront bad ideas or `` dangerous '' ideas is in the open where they can be countered by opponents . 
  letting them slide into the underground only creates a mindset of persecution , gives the ideas the allure of `` what the powers that be do n't want you to know '' , and allows the ideas to go virtually unchallenged . 
  how `` free '' should `` free '' speech be ? 
  as free as possible . 
  nearly every restriction ( at least here ) is based on the idea that you 're saying something you * know * is false , and in the us it 's virtually impossible to win either libel or slander suits to the point where almost no one even tries . 
  it 's worth noting that * any * opinion you have is protected here . 
  even false advertising is difficult to win unless it 's related to a health product ... but to be fair the us courts have said that advertising is a `` lesser '' form of speech and that the 1st amendment 's core is the protection of political speech . 
  while i do n't know if that was the specific reason , no one would look down on it here . 
  most of our taxes are federal and even a `` bad '' state just adds 10 % onto it . 
  it 's just not looked at the same as leaving a country . 
  he did have a business career in texas , but that was largely related to the oil fields inherently tied to texas . 
  so you will be unable to doublecheck anything on the application and will be unable to do background checks until you 've already hired/trained the person . 
  got ta love short sighted populism . 
   no unemployment benefits , unless you 've just lost your job and you 're looking for a new one ; that seems ... well , pretty standard . 
   sometimes we do less than 35 , often we do more , the 50 hours are not isolated cases ( and we 're ok with that ) . 
  the problem is that it 's unpaid overtime . . serious question : if they paid overtime , would they run into problems for being provably/officially over the 35 hour/week limit ? 
   nope , because the cap is not about sustaining the french agriculture but about ensuring food independence , which only makes sense continentally-wise . 
  this is practically words taken from a lobbyists mouth . 
  here we deal in `` liquid fuel independence '' ( aka subsidies to the oil industry ) . 
   they must suffer , seeing that at their loved one 's funeral . 
  why should we put them through that so more people can flock to the pro-equality cause ? 
  you 're confusing a benefit of free speech with the point of free speech . 
  they are not suffering specifically so more people flock to the pro-equality cause . 
  it just happens as a result of them being atrocious . 
   no , that 's silly , and so is the idea that we should let the wbc protest funerals to help gay rights . 
  same problem as above . 
  we do n't allow them to protest * because * it may help gay rights , we let them protest because it 's their right to say as they will . 
  you allow free speech so that someday when you have something important to say it is absolutely guaranteed that you will have the ability to do so . 
  when the idea is sacrosanct there is little to no chance that the government will be able restrict what may be an important and necessary statement when it is needed or shield themselves from criticism and dissent . 
  * sometimes * this means just being able to counter bigots and the like . 
  sometimes it does n't . 
  in either case i firmly believe the best way to deal with ideas whether they are good or bad is out in the open .
