  so now we have the worst of cases : a federal government with slightly tyrannical tendencies impeded at every corner and states too weak and underfunded to pick up the slack . 
  the only thing you really need to understand about political conflict in america is the civil war and the competing visions of what the country would be like . 
  capitalism and economic progress is one of the few things almost everyone agrees on now . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  yes . 
  getting hit by a hurricane and not having generators fall from the sky is fascism . 
   i 'd say it 's a typical piece by [ 1 ] jakob augstein . 
  basically , he uses current events to remind the german left of its general mistrust towards the usa . 
  it 's more an expression of his own ideological stance than an actual comment on american politics . 
  being a left-leaning german myself , unsubstanciated stuff like that always annoys me - it has a very efficient way to overlay serious political discourse . 
  that explains a lot . 
  thanks . 
  the whole column seemed uncharacteristically bad for der spiegel . 
  this is an absolutely horrible article . 
   at the same time , power lines held up by wooden poles dangle over the streets of brooklyn , queens and new jersey . 
  hurricane sandy ripped them apart there and in communities across the east coast last week , and many places remain without electricity . 
  that 's america , where high-tech options are available only to the elite , and the rest live under conditions comparable to a those of a developing nation . 
  ... well , yes . 
  a huge chunk of the east coast lost power . 
  cities were flooded and had live wires down * in the water * . 
  damage was spread out over huge area . 
  power lines are outright * gone * . 
  infrastructure and transformers ? 
  * gone * . 
  everyone is getting taken care of . 
  we just ca n't snap our fingers and get the electricity grid to self-heal . 
  i do n't really know what anyone expected : us to block the hurricane ? 
  reverse it 's trajectory ? 
  divert it to canada ? 
   its functionaries have no need of public hospitals or of a reliable power supply to private homes . 
  there was a fucking hurricane . 
  hurricanes do not mesh well with power lines . 
  there * was * reliable power . 
  there * was * ( and is ) reliable hospitals . 
  and there will be again ( everywhere ) in a day or two . 
   america 's fate is not just an accident produced by the system . 
  it is a consequence of that system . 
  yes , a pressure system off the coast that caused a fucking hurricane . 
   obama could n't change this , and romney would n't be able to either astute observation . 
  both candidates bend the truth , but thus far none have claimed to be able to control the weather . 
   the truth is that we simply no longer understand america . 
  looking at the country from germany and europe , we see a foreign culture . 
  [ ... ]  the downfall of the american empire has begun . 
  it could be that the country 's citizens would n't be able to stop it no matter how hard they tried . 
  but they are n't even trying . 
  . . so here we have the author saying essentially that he does n't understand us at all , then maybe 2 lines later pronouncing our country dead and saying we 're not trying to fix anything . 
  what an idiot . 
   in the us , mississippi is greece . 
  there 's no way it can break even in terms of tax money spent versus revenue provided to the federal government , because of structural and cultural problems . 
  that has n't stopped us from using money from california and new york and texas to spend on mississippi . 
  it 's because the country is better off this way rather than ignoring mississippi . 
  in the us states are not permitted to be in debt at the end of a fiscal year . 
  they can not have a state debt similar to the national debt . 
  this prevents things from ever getting as bad as they are in greece . 
   the alternative to the current ` austerity ' is simply common-sense austerity , not the counter-productive measures that are being applied . 
  the alternative to current austerity is the sudden halt of money , then impacted countries not being able to afford anything at all . 
  alternate headline : greek hospitals stop buying cancer drug made by merck, 
  there was nothing gemany or anyone else can do to fix greece . 
  greece has structural problems and social/cultural problems that there is no real will to fix internally and their financial problems can not be solved without fixing these issues . 
  merkel can be blamed for many things , greece is not one of them . 
  only greece can fix greece . 
  there 's really not a lot of alternatives . 
  they cant just keep giving out loans to places like greece that will almost certainly not be paid back , and not giving out loans would cause cuts far worse than austerity . 
  the agreements are the only real way to keep the money flowing . 
  my first 2 cars were old 900s saabs . 
  excellent cars , all around . 
  only complaint was that there were no cup holders whatsoever . 
  i asked my mechanic about it once ( an old greek guy who only worked on imports ) and his response was `` one can not explain the swedes '' . 
   i live and work in the us and have done so for 15 years , i follow us politics from us sources on a daily basis . 
  congrats , i 've lived here my whole life and follow similar stories on a daily basis outside of the / r/politics circlejerk of fearmongering . 
   and voter suppression is a lot worse than what you seems to think , inform yourself about the topic please . 
  i 'm plenty well informed . 
  for all the howling , it 's really not a big issue . 
  in fact there 's very few states where there are any issues about it * at all * ( a few states require some form of id or they make you cast a provisional ballot ) , and the few that do affect very few people and are n't swing states . 
  most countries have far more stringent voting laws than the united states including such dictatorships as canada , italy , belgium , and spain . 
  even then , the problem is really only measured in small fractions of a percent . 
  if you learn american politics from reddit , huffpo or dailykos voter suppression is a huge problem . 
  if you get it from fox or freerepublic voter fraud is a huge issue . 
  neither is really the case . 
   neither are irish banks the irish/ireland , yet we still have to cover the tab for their bad investments . 
  depends a lot on how the banks are structured , insured , and to what degree they 're incorporated with the state . 
   a systemic eurozone breakup would be the mother of all financial crises . 
  german banks lent vast amounts to peripheral countries without doing a proper credit analysis . 
  no-one other than germany itself is responsible for taking on these risks . 
  and yet a lot of people seem to maintain the only way to save it is germany giving * more * loans to countries that could n't pass a credit analysis . 
  i believe the phrase to use here is `` double or nothing '' . 
   we ca n't even get washington , dc a voting member in the house . 
  i love the washington dc license plate motto : `` no taxation without representation '', 
  the us has very little voting fraud . 
   i 'm not talking about rape alone . 
  i 'm talking about crime in general . 
  it 's no use to hide behind political correctness , these people live up to the stereotypes . 
  i have no problem with any other race/ethnic . 
  why yes , after you 've mutilated , murdered , evicted , sterilized , and segregated people for centuries they are probably not exactly feeling warm and fuzzy about your society and probably do n't are n't overly concerned with your laws . 
  if the average roma consumed themselves with rape there would be thousands and thousands occurring every day . 
  most of europe would be raped by now . 
  you are a miserable bigot . 
  just shut the fuck up . 
   you are talking about events decades or centuries ago . 
  i 'm talking about things that started centuries ago and go right up until almost modern day .
