  i am ignoring everything you say that is idiotic and wrong , and that leaves very little . 
   but it does not allow them to take in people seeking political asylum if they have criminal allegations you 're fucking stupid if you believe this . 
  monumental amounts of ignorance on a level few can even fathom are required to believe what you have typed . 
  * most people seeking political asylum have criminal allegations against them * . 
  the blind chinese activist the us held in our embassy in china ? 
  yup , had allegations . 
  [ the cardinal who lived in our embassy for over 15 years ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zsef_mindszenty#church_leader_and_opposition_to_communism ) yup , had criminal allegations against him as well . 
  it is incredibly common for people requesting asylum to have charges against them . 
  a good amount of the time * that 's why they 're seeking asylum * . 
   would you please actually read the vienna convention on diplomatic relations and the vienna convention on consular relations ? 
  yeah i already did and they support exactly what i 'm saying unless you interpret this as interfering in internal affairs , which practically no country in history has . 
  ---------------------------------- i 'm not replying to you anymore . 
  there are only 2 things going on here : you are trolling ( likely ) or you 're too uninformed to even have a proper conversation with ( also likely ) . 
  in either case , i should n't bother replying so i wo n't . 
   employers are always going to characterise raising wages to attract employees as a problem . 
  yes , and they 're not always wrong . 
   you know that when you godwins bomb a thread then you 've technically forfeited the argument , right ? 
  except that nazis * actually did * kill the gypsies . 
  it 's not a classless comparison , it 's a statement about history . 
  i looked it up , you are correct . 
  i will amend . 
  [ took the words out of my mouth ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/wvwkb/after_world_war_2_hatred_against_jews_became/ ), 
  would n't be the first time . 
  millions of gypsies were killed in the holocaust across europe . 
  hate is an ugly thing . 
  edit : not quite millions , hundreds of thousands . 
  still a very significant number . 
   anybody who sets up shop in canada will have access to the us market through nafta and the eu with this agreement . 
  and canada frequently has a better corporate tax rate than the united states does . 
  they are typically 16.5 % -18 % while the us is 15 % -35 % . 
  it 's a cheap , easy way to access the market . 
   being free to work in any country in the eu without a visa is one thing i 'm super jealous of the europeans for . 
  if we got in on that , i would jump for joy . 
  i 'm sure many europeans would love to temporarily work here too , to experience north american culture and practise english . 
  god fucking damn it . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
  god fucking damn it, 
   getting hold of actual gold at current market rates is difficult if not impossible . 
  you 're bound to overpay for actual gold . 
  if you ca n't get it cheaper , the price you 're paying essentially * is * the market rate for gold ... whether or not that 's reflected in numbers elsewhere . 
  there 's a lot more `` paper gold '' traded than exists as real gold . 
   hm , not sure if they want things to escalate so much ( although it would be interesting ) . 
  i 've been looking for articles about political reactions in various south american newspapers , but there is n't much information yet . 
  i agree that they probably do n't want to escalate , but a lot of those countries also do not like being treated as if they are subservient to the west . 
  it 's certainly a bit of a wildcard . 
  countries are allowed to take in people seeking political asylum . 
  that is not interfering with internal affairs . 
  its been done countless times . 
  it 's a stupid , stupid prescedent to set . 
  political asylum is incredibly useful and needs to be protected . 
  so why do you think that 's more likely than this being what they intended to say ? 
   this conspiracy that america 's trying to get assange to sweden to prosecute him is ridiculous . 
  for a homegrown case they need bradley manning to implicate him , and would honestly probably rather he just disappear until he 's irrelevant . 
  a win for the us is a weak/defunct wikileaks , and to that end they 're quite successful . 
  this is why you are supposed to be careful about what you say to diplomats . 
  every word is supposed to be intentional . 
   apparently ecuador will ask for an emergency [ 1 ] unasur meeting and an extraordinary general assembly of the [ 2 ] oas . 
  this is curious . 
  do you think he is going to be trying to get some kind of cooperation from the other nations if britain goes into their embassy ? 
  ecuador by themselves could n't do much to resist it , but if intruding on the embassy meant something along the lines of getting kicked out of every south american country ? 
  that might just be a real hand to play . 
   ecuador 's embassy no longer has any legitimate international protections . 
  this is a dangerous , stupid statement . 
  how many employees of british embassies do you think are out there ? 
  do you want their status to be something that can be revoked at will by their host country ? 
  the protected status of embassies is not just a courtesy ; it 's a way of maintaining the safety of your own employees abroad . 
   that 's not to say that us authorities might not interfere with the swedish trial but i find it very unlikely he 'll be on a plane to the us any time soon . 
  well , we do in theory have a secret grand jury indictment ready to go . 
  which one ? 
  my name is not susanna . 
   if you think you can simply become a merchant on the black market , and turn a profit , in the middle of economic turmoil , then you are approaching this rather optimistically . 
  well , i 've done it . 
  and people decide to do it constantly . 
  it 's not coincidence that in many inner cities selling drugs is seen as a ` path ' out of the ghetto . 
  the blackmarket has always been kind to those in dire straights . 
   the legal holy grail of property is one that is hard to defend in problematic times . 
  given a famine situation , would you approve of government requisitioning of vineyards producing wine , to grow grain to feed people ? 
  absolutely no compensation is given to the vineyard . 
  and i do n't believe the government would be especially effective either ; historically centralized control of food supply has led to disaster . 
  the mass starvations in the ukraine under stalin come immediately to mind , and match this situation almost perfectly . 
   as far as individual investors go , derivatives can provide a way to participate in the gold market without having to deal with issues like delivery and storage . 
  derivatives often also have a much lower transactional cost than physical gold . 
  but * why * would an individual invest gold if you 're not getting delivery and storage ? 
  without physical possession you do n't have the security that is essentially the point . 
  at that point you may as well just get a normal stock in a normal company , or buy stock in the company doing the mining ... 
   you 've touched on the second point by pointing out the moral stand . 
  the answer is utilitarianism . 
  given the choice between someone buying themselves a new coffee table and someone buying their starving family a meal , the option with higher utility is feeding people first . 
  in my view jealousy and anger are justified if the first case is taken . 
  would you apply that same utilitarianism to someone protecting what they had earned ? 
  i know it 's different in europe , but here ( well , for most states ) if you break into someone 's home to steal , we are legally allowed to assume the worst ; that they are going to harm you and your family . 
  we can defend ourselves with that assumption in mind . 
  if we 're working on a strictly utilitarian basis , this could be taken even farther . 
   i ca n't help but wonder if your opinion of not robbing people would change if you were a person from africa and needed to eat . 
  try applying the veil of ignorance . 
  i 'm actually pretty pragmatic when it comes to this type of thing ; i will certainly break the law if i 'm out of money and need to eat , but i will do so on the blackmarket and with voluntary transactions . 
  no matter where you are prohibition creates an unfilled niche in the market that is ripe for getting the funds you need . 
  while i will not steal from someone , i have no patience for the state preventing me from making the money i need to . 
   it appears prefacing the comment with i do n't want to argue the specifics of the case is a great way to get people to argue the specifics of the case .
