  these replies are nothing more than crappy attempts to distract from what russia is doing . 
  thread derailing and nothing more . 
   when turkey was bombing kurdish positions in iraq , nobody says too much . 
  there 's also proof that turkey gave kurdish-fighting isis rebels guns . 
  when biden blames qatar for the isis crisis , he 's forced to apologise . 
   a single day after russia starts bombing syria : obama declares russia is actually helping isis . 
  what the eff ? 
  when was that obama bravado before this week ? 
  ** guys !, 
  ** what about ( this/that/nothing that actually changes the situation ) ? 
  quick , think about something else !, 
   the children were of ethnic minority background . 
  from the article : * `` we feel that we were meeting the cultural needs of these children . 
  we were actively encouraging these children to speak their own language and to teach us their language . 
  we enjoyed singing one of their folk songs in their native language . 
  * '' * `` having been told of the religious denomination of these children , we also took steps to ensure that a school of their denomination was found . 
  '' * ... so what 's the problem exactly ? 
  heroin is easy to buy in most places if you like heroin . 
  it 's amazing honestly . 
  even people who move to a new place to avoid it end up being able to find it , while people who have never used will rarely ( or never ) see it . 
  it 's almost like there 's a pheromone that helps them identify each other . 
  `` inactively protects '' meaning they do n't stop it . 
  they 're soldiers , not cops, 
   the other day , i stopped taking thc for about a month ( mainly to just check what happens ) . 
  there was a definite craving sometimes ( similar to craving for sweets ) , but not anything i could call withdrawal symptoms . 
   anecdotally , caffeine is much more a drug than thc . 
  anecdotally confirmed . 
  no caffeine and i 'm worthless . 
  i was an every day ( or multiple times a day ) pot smoker for years , and when life got busy i pretty much accidentally stopped . 
   it 's just like in the us : a large proportion of fat people 's calories come from high sugar products like sweets , soft drinks , breakfast cereals , sickly pastries like doughnuts etc. 
  canada is our top hat , but britain is our double chin . 
   so , your country does not have these problems anymore in your opinion ? 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  we certainly still have problems with the continued victimization of historical minorities . 
  but it 's not approved of or supported the way `` gypsy issues '' are in europe . 
  we understand the problems that exist , but also tie them to the history that created them . 
  all you need to do is see the votes on my post to see how europe feels about acknowledging that their history has had any part in the creation of the problems they now face . 
   you 're not wrong . 
  thanks . 
  i always get some brutal downvotes on this topic . 
   still , as someone from a country with a lot of disenfranchised minorities , it 's easy to see you as someone with a holier than thou attitude . 
  i understand how it could come off that way , but that 's actually what i 'm using as my context . 
  it is * because * my country has had these problems ( and to an extent still does ) that i speak about it . 
   so because someone , somewhere far away and years ago , mistreated them , they are now entitled to everything , here . 
  got it !, 
  try : most places , quite close , and not that long ago . 
  some pretty atrocious behavior continued well into the 2000s . 
  i 'm not even saying they 're entitled to everything , just that it 's not even slightly surprising that europe does n't see much acceptance of integration policies from them . 
  there is a lot of history of integration policy in europe being used as cover for absolutely atrocious actions . 
  that has over time helped to create a very distrusting and resilient culture . 
  keep trying to put words in my mouth though , please . 
   look you jackass , did i strike a nerve ? 
  sorry for not sticking to the '' * but we 've only tried to help the gypsies and they wo n't accept it * '' fiction . 
   the european union is not all the same country yet , and even if it was it would n't matter . 
  while such behavior was widespread , i 'm not trying to `` blame '' all of europe for it , but are you really so thick as to think that the cumulative history in the region would not factor into how the romani perceive integration policy ? 
   we , in our country/state , did not do those things . 
  it 's still going to factor into the perception and acceptance of `` integration '' policies . 
   we tried all kinds of subsidies , free housing yes , and if you go back far enough you also banned marriage between gypsies , sent their children to orphanages , forced labor of spouses in different workhouses , forcibly entered the children into the army , and created local `` hunts '' for active romani . 
  all in the name of `` integration '' . 
   , forcing them to put their children in school , etc. 
  ah yes , when they tried to force all them into [ special classes and schools ] ( http://www.dr.dk/regioner/kbh/nyheder/politik/20060118073049.htm ) , isolated from the rest of the kids ( i 'm sure that helped `` integration '' ) this also happened in hungary , romania , bulgaria , and slovakia . 
   with very little success . 
  yeah , it 's a small wonder they are n't jumping up and down at another chance at `` integration '' into europe . 
   their culture makes them extremely resistant to integration and having a normal job/life . 
  yes , it has been made that way by all of the brutal attempts in the past . 
   anyway , let 's see if it works there . 
  the carrot approach certainly did n't work here . 
  might i suggest that less than 10 years of not outright brutalizing them ( while still having evictions , segregated schools , etc ) is not enough time to make a group trusting of `` integration '' policy after 400 + years of everything from genocide to forced sterilization to lopping off assorted body parts ? 
   you say `` euro governments '' as if that was something nasty . 
  :-) first off all , i ca n't think of any villages , since they merely set up squatter camps , often on other peoples property . 
  i try and imagine that kind of lifestyle in the usa ( i just suppose you are from there ) . 
  in some states you might probably be entitled to shoot at the people in those cases . 
  many were on public property . 
  and part of the issue with the roma is that they have no country or home country . 
  they 've been wandering for centuries . 
  all you can do is evict them to the last place they were ... who will then most likely evict them . 
   what i am trying to say is , that hesitance to integrate is not a result of exclusion but a decision made by them as individuals . 
  most governments would probably see them integrated asap . 
  i do not believe that they do not `` trust europe '' . 
  they pretty much trust into the german social welfare system transferring the dough . 
  i do n't think they trust europe when it comes to integration and having a tremendous amount of control over them . 
   but just as a side note : do you know of any comparable communities in the us ? 
  or perhaps south america ? 
  we have some roma/gypsies in some areas , but we do n't have them quite like europe . 
  for pretty much any aspect of the roma ( aside from the terminal wandering ) we have an equivalent group though : no documentation ( mexican ) , high crime rate ( african american ) , etc. 
   so , as it might appear racist to link their lifestyle to petty crime , harassment and other problems , there are problems in integrating this community . 
  i find it shortsighted to try and romantizice their travelling lifestyle , as at the end of the day everyone needs an economic basis to live . 
  and if that is not supported by regular work , crime will be one result . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  my point is more along the lines of `` if i were a romani , i would n't trust europe either '' . 
  there 's literally hundreds of years of suffering at the hands of various euro governments embedded into the gypsy culture , and under a decade where they had the abuse has been graciously limited to kicking them out and burning down their villages . 
  their relationship with europe and hesitance to integrate is not a surprise at all . 
  integration has historically meant some combination of borderline slavery and sterilization . 
  good job , you read one word of many . 
  things like sterilization occurred up until very recently . 
  the germans were not the only ones by a long shot . 
   fuck gypsies !, 
  well , you guys kind of have fucked the gypsies . 
  european countries sterilized them in recent memory , have committed genocide against them ( holocaust ) , burned down their homes , for a while lopped off miscellaneous body parts , and a litany of other such things . 
   your response was over the top and just as hateful as the youtube comments you are so disappointed with .
