  and poland has n't resold the gas . 
   unless resale is prohibited in the contract . 
  which poland has n't done . 
  i do n't want anyone to die , but i ca n't help but wonder '' * what if * ? 
  if this is your country 's sub , how do you spin it when the truth comes out ? 
  that 's it 's a normal thing ? 
  that sweden was somehow the aggressor ? 
  the options seem extremely limited , especially now that most governments have issued denials . 
  it 's rare there 's something this cut and dry in europe nowadays . 
  there 's a military submarine far inside of a country 's territory , which is technically an act of war ... and that 's the end of it . 
  there 's no proxy rebels or satellite state this could really be . 
   support = / = cause , it is imperative you buy a dictionary . 
  anyone with the tiniest bit of common sense will tell ya that you must not internationalize conflicts , but this is exactly what they did . 
  it was an international conflict the moment russia troops set foot in crimea . 
  invading and annexing a european country is not acceptable . 
   that 's the investigation 's job to determine guilt , according to the relevant article in the ukraine constitution ( which you did n't bother opening ) , and , you know , rule of law . 
  this did n't happen because ... the violent parts of maidan were n't disarmed ( contrary to the deal signed between the eu and yanukovych ) , and stormed admin buildings . 
  he fled * among calls for a trial * , not to a safe haven in eastern ukraine or crimea , but to * russia * . 
  even * if * he felt unsafe , there were plenty of places he could have gone . 
   not relevant to the discussion at hand . 
  yes , it is . 
  the law was followed as closely as humanly possible . 
  yanukovych fled , which meant that the procedures for removing him became impossible . 
   bla-bla deflecting : again , nuland was caught preparing who should replace yanukovych . 
  alternate reality strikes again 1 ) that 's not what nuland said . 
  2 ) she is very low power , not capable of doing what you said she did . 
  3 ) it was an * interim government * whose only real job was to hold elections . 
  if there was some grand conspiracy to seize control of ukraine , they would not be holding elections  this really is n't so suprising , the us did the same in latin america , central asia , ukraine , through the ned and soros . 
  the us has n't done that in a democratic country since the cold war . 
   fiction recorded and confirmed by the one who got recorded , gotcha . 
  the `` fiction '' is that ukraine is run by nazis , ukraine shot down mh-17 , that russian troops were never in crimea , that the russian troops in eastern ukraine are volunteers , etc. 
  russia is n't lying about individual facts , they have created an entire fictional narrative to push on their propaganda outlets . 
   neither have the us . 
  since your leaders ( which you 're supposed to control as a us citizen btw ) do n't bother with respecting international law in ukraine , do n't think the other side will play nice either . 
   this ... again ? 
  1 ) ** the us did not cause euromaiden ** . 
  they did n't organize them , fund them , inspire them , or arm them . 
  for fuck 's sake !, 
  2 ) yanukovych was thrown out for human rights violations , not politics . 
  he tortured and killed protesters who had been peaceful for * months * . 
  3 ) there was an interim government , followed by elections that the east could have voted in ( for anyone who had n't been killing protesters ) had the rebels not destroyed the ballot boxes . 
  if it had n't been for russia stirring shit up , order ( and democratic legitimacy ) would have been restored in short order . 
   neither have the us . 
  since your leaders ( which you 're supposed to control as a us citizen btw ) do n't bother with respecting international law in ukraine , do n't think the other side will play nice either . 
  the problem is that one of the perspectives is almost entirely based around fiction . 
  they ca n't be serious . 
  is this one of those things where the party is much more radical in it 's pronouncements than in their actions ? 
   they would probably be able to communicate they 're being fired upon . 
  that would open up the box of pandora ... 
  did n't russia already say it 's not their sub ? 
  in theory at least they should n't mind . 
  i mean , why would russia want the sub of an unknown , potentially hostile country so close to their country ? 
  which is why it 's fabulous there is so much publicly available information available already . 
  all this was doing was confirming what most people already knew , that was already backed up with ample evidence . 
  the us has the best intelligence on the planet by a fairly large measure . 
  we do n't have a massive military/intelligence budget for nothing ... 
   without showing all evidence , i would n't care what they have to say . 
  there was plenty of evidence already publicly available . 
  the conclusion of german intelligence is just yet another confirmation . 
   serious question : why are n't we talking with isis ? 
  at some point the west has held talked with the ira , plo , hamas , and the taliban ; all terrorist groups guilty of ( often mass ) murder . 
  why are isis anathema ? 
  what do we have to offer them ? 
  they think they 're making a state to unify all of islam . 
  we , meanwhile , would n't offer them a country the size of a backyard . 
  they want everything , and we wo n't give them anything . 
  nothing to talk about, 
   '' ** to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention . 
  ** '' translates to : we should go to war with boots on the ground . 
  abandoned houses do n't typically have edible chicken in it . 
  the guy must have known ... 
  [ i found their statement on the issue ] ( http://www.nusconnect.org.uk/news/article/nus/nus-statement-on-nec-motion/ )  `` at our most recent nec meeting , a motion on this issue was presented and voted on by all members . 
  some committee members felt that the wording of the motion being presented would unfairly demonise all muslims rather than solely the group of people it set out to rightfully condemn . 
   `` nus does not support isis and a new motion will be taken to the next nus national executive committee meeting , which will specifically condemn the politics and methods of isis and offer solidarity for the kurdish people . '', 
  [ hamtramck , michigan . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamtramck,_michigan ) 15 % polish , down from 90 % . 
  poles are all up in the midwest . 
  they also brought us [ paczi day ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/p\u0105czki#p.c4.85czki_day ) , also known as fat thursday . 
  fucking delicious , celebrated in the whole metro detroit area . 
   are they ? 
  [ 1 ]  lol . 
  yes . 
  they are . 
  most have asked for additional nato support , beefed up their own defense , etc. 
  you 're going to have to do a hell of a lot better than an article from russian state media supporting russia ( gasp ! ), 
  with idiotic incited statements ( `` the real reason for ` postponing ' the new sanction round is that the eu leaders desperately needed to save face and avoid a public embarrassment . '' ), 
   i aint here to teach , you either know the basic terms , doves and hawks or you now google and be smug later , like i am now translation : i ca n't support what i said . 
   well then how about we ask hungary , germany , czech republic or slovakia , they had similar level of experience . 
  most of those countries are also quite nervous about russia ...  how do they feel being the hawks . 
  what the fuck ? 
  in what way is poland being hawks ? 
   well fuck that , you would not hire a babysitter maniac with outburst , no matter how good excuse/reason for his behavior would be . 
  they 're not maniacal , they have a shitton of experience that points them in an obvious direction . 
  if anything they 're * rational * . 
   but so are democracies . 
  neither is explicitly better than the other . 
  nah , i 'm going to say this one is a false equivalency . 
  just because both have problems does n't mean one is n't worse . 
  they 're like 15/17 . 
  hardly capable of making a life decision like that .
