   yup . 
  for example , we can tax money flow in our countries . 
  less money ends up on your account from the eu . 
  ( oh and fyi bank accounts informations are probably as secret as the average us phone land line is definitely-not-tapped-by-the-nsa . ), 
   this is exactly the stuff i 'm talking about that exposes you as a bit of an business illiterate . 
  1 ) profit is taxed , not revenue . 
  most companies work on a very small margin ( ~ 5-6 % ) so revenue is n't a realistic thing to tax ( you 're effectively taxing the money they * did n't * make ) . 
  either way , what you describe would n't be a way of enforcing any currently-existing tax . 
  2 ) money does n't flow directly to a merchant or even between eu banks . 
  it goes to a processor that has a huge number of accounts , * then * to the business in question . 
  sometimes through multiple intermediaries . 
   well , go tell the bankers or irs they do n't have a say on your account or money flow . 
  i live in the us , so the irs * can * tell me what to do . 
  because of how i 'm incorporated i also have to care what the canadians have to say . 
  i do n't however , have to care what sweden or north korea thinks unless i incorporate there . 
   this is a fair question the law makers should answer , not me , honestly . 
  but i can point out the company should pay something . 
  and that 's a fine possibility , but it 's not using a loophole to not pay an imaginary tax until that happens . 
   ah , yes , the polite way to say `` you are an idiot , i have nothing to say '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's true . 
   seeing how the us is just becoming a tax haven and we have half the consumer of the planet , i disagree . 
  we have higher taxes than a lot of european countries . 
   you want our market ? 
  you are going to pay more . 
  that 's should become a fact of life . 
  yet again : * you can only tax or control an entity in your country * . 
  you simply do n't have a say . 
  you can start blocking domain names if you want to go the authoritarian route , but that 's really your only option . 
   ridiculous , i 'm speaking about direct amounts of money derived from direct sales or work/direct operations on eu ground , nothing else . 
  if you have a factory , a bank account or a call center or sell millions of tee shirts in the eu , you are eligible to taxes , sorry . 
  yes , taxes for your facility , your employees/what you pay them , and the supplies required . 
  everyone has to pay that . 
  and unless you can name what taxes you 're talking about , you 're quite simply wrong . 
  i 'll give you a shot though : please , tell me the formula . 
  if i run a business and only have tech support in your country , what percent of it 's * parent company 's * profit does that country get ? 
  how is this calculated ? 
  --------------------------------------------- it 's becoming clear to me you think we 're arguing politics and you just have some alternate idea . 
  that 's really not what 's happening here . 
  you 're not educated on the subject enough to even begin to talk about it , so you 're essentially just saying that 2 +2 = purple . 
  it 's nonsense , not an alternate perspective . 
  ** please , read a book on the subject . 
  an accounting book , a business book , anything other than a blog ** . 
  without that , this conversation is pretty hopeless . 
   yes off course and the boss/board of amazon are homeless beggars . 
  i totally believe you . 
   there is not a tax that exists for being tech support to replace income tax . 
   actually there is one : the banking/payment system . 
  money can easily be estimated the moment it crosses our borders . 
  what ? 
  `` money can be easily estimated '' does n't even make sense in this context . 
  you ca n't get income tax on a company that 's not incorporated in your country . 
  they 'll laugh at you . 
   and that 's the perpetual blackmail i call employers upon . 
  you recruit because you need people , and you will still need them anyway . 
  so you will recruit either way . 
  ... it 's not blackmail . 
  it 's `` you can only control companies that have entities in your country . '', 
  so if you 're stupid enough to have your country shut down an entity that has no purpose other than employment , then you will succeed and it will be gone . 
   well obviously tax are paid there . 
   all employees in every country in that scenario have their income taxed , and every country recieves payroll tax . 
  this is also true with modern companies , including ones using a dutch sandwich . 
   the support company will have to pay extra taxes . 
  those taxes do n't exist . 
  at all . 
  which is why what i 've described is not a loophole * at all * . 
  it is going along with not only the letter of the law , but also the spirit and intention of an income tax law . 
   i do not specifically care how they 'll ( the law makers ) put it ; but , in the end it 's going to be very fast like this : `` pay taxes somehow , or get fined . 
  recuring abusers will be deported/punished '' . 
  i guess you could , but that would n't stop the company from selling there . 
  it 'd just impact the local entity . 
  there 's no requirement to have an entity anywhere you sell a product . 
  so the company would just keep profiting same as it always did , and you 'd have a few less jobs . 
  with no entity they 're simply outside of your jurisdiction . 
  your country could block the website , but that 's all . 
   if you are using a dutch sandwich to pay 0 taxes , no obviously are n't . 
   [ i explained in a different reply a realistic scenario ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/29z1eo/from_google_to_amazon_eu_goes_to_war_against/ciqwb0l ) and it involves zero dutch sandwiches . 
   blah blah blah poor corporate owners blah blah blah entitled state blah blah blah i do n't owe anything back to the society that made me rich or wealthy blah blah blah . 
  most are paying taxes somewhere , and many are doing so outside of a tax shelter . 
  not every component of a business produces profit . 
   yes , but i 'm merely pointing out we have thousands of companies , including giants like apple or amazon , that use loophole to avoid paying any taxes . 
  they do n't pay shit . 
  nothing . 
  and that 's still not acceptable . 
  that is 100 % true , but it 's a problem that feeds on the idea that a `` base country '' is no longer as essential . 
  it 's much more abstract than it used to be . 
   yes and no . 
  they allow a company making profit to run . 
  and that company can be taxed . 
  they can be taxed , but not income tax . 
  because * they do n't produce any income , and there 's no formula that can calculate something as abstract as the value tech support provides to a business * . 
   we do n't need parasites who cost money to the society but fraud everything when they have to give an inch back . 
  every single company is paying vat and taxes on their payroll . 
  just not income tax if the corp in question is not actually producing income . 
  that 's why it 's an income tax . 
   and now you 're going to pay british taxes too ( a bit ) , like the vat . 
  otherwise , why would we allow you to sell tee shirt here too ? 
  you do pay some british taxes , just not income tax . 
   we 're missing hundreds of billions in taxes here . 
  in the same way i 'm `` missing '' a yacht and a mansion i did n't buy and ca n't afford . 
  it 's not money you 're actually entitled to , and it 's actually money that 's owned by another country where the company * does * actually turn profit and * does * pay taxes .
