  now he lives in california . 
  i wonder why ? 
   responsability and accountability are a bitch right ? 
  the eus laws have nothing to do with this . 
  my job is to keep everyone below me employed and happy . 
  i can not do that with dead weight that represents a significant portion of our revenue . 
  it 's not like we will only hire in the us ( though it does have good laws for us ) . 
  over half our staff is in canada because the laws there are sane . 
  europe is just a horrible place for small business to do business . 
  so we do n't hire there . 
  sorry , i can not hear you above the shunning . 
   it 's good fun , if you can be bothered , find a brit and get them to tell you about the little jokes ( or do n't , it 's not that important ) you . 
  i have found a brit , now tell me the jokes . 
  your flag says norway . 
  most of michigan is actually gorgeous . 
  there 's some rocky areas ( detroit , flint , saginaw , pontiac ) , but outside of the large ex-industrial cities it 's quite pretty . 
   that 's partly true . 
  the other side of that is sooo many small and even medium sized businesses , at least in non-northern europe , hire people to work under the table , or they 're registered as working only part-time ( if they 're lucky ) , yet they work full time , so that the company pays less to the government . 
  hiring people is n't really a problem , and businesses rarely get inspected for this sort of thing . 
  while i know what you mean ( ` contractors ' are awesome ) , there 's another end of it when it comes to starts ups vs. traditional small business : buyouts and vc . 
  venture capital types like a lean startup , but they do not like things that even have * potential * to explode in their faces : and that includes hiring practices done with a nod and a wink . 
  beyond that employees are a significant part of the value of a start-up , and their presence ( as full time employees instead of under the table/part-timers ) means higher valuations , which means more vc and higher buy-out offers . 
  this is far from universal of course - venture capitalists can be a quirky bunch - but it 's still good to keep in mind . 
  i grew up in michigan and can certify that we have excellent trees of the proper height . 
   mostly those on firing costs as they do more damage than good in the big picture this is of absolutely massive importance in the start-up space . 
  each employee is a significant chunk of the money you have coming in . 
  you need to be able to get rid of people who are n't pulling their weight without unaffordable and massive additional costs . 
  american/californian start-up owner here : this article is correct from our perspective . 
  entrepreneurs come here from europe planning to stay shortly then stay for months . 
  even when they go back , most aspects of their business ( and their business partners ) remain here . 
  do n't get me wrong ; i 've yet to meet one that does n't love europe ... it 's just a different culture here , and it 's a culture that is quite hospitable to start ups . 
   the third big obstacle is labour law . 
  if young firms are to survive near-terminal mistakes , or fluctuating demand , they need to be able to reduce staff costs quickly and cheaply when necessary . 
  that is far harder in many european countries than elsewhere . 
  the complexity and cost of firing people in europe is a big concern for american venture capital , says georges karam , the chief executive of sequans communications , a french chipmaker for smartphones which went public on the new york stock exchange last year . 
  this is major . 
  we just bought out a small business ( even smaller than us ) in europe . 
  among the conditions of the buyout was no european hires aside from the owner himself . 
  too much paperwork , too many laws , too many expenses , too much hassle . 
  every single person we hire is a significant percentage of our profit ; we ca n't take the risk hiring european would require . 
   of course i am trolling . 
  what else can i do when i see a bunch of morons calling my country underdeveloped and backward just because another bunch of morons proposed a retarded bill ? 
  at least i will have some fun . 
  make it clear that the bill was proposed by a bunch of morons and that everyone is not like that instead of saying `` faggot '' and making it appear like you support the bill . 
  i just linked you to an article about a report by a european commission . 
  it * directly * addresses the trade balance defense spending . 
  read it . 
  a few acquisitions by bae systems does n't change the conclusion . 
  [ here we go again ] ( http://english.peopledaily.com.cn/90001/90777/90856/6914308.html )  according to the commission , ** the u.s. defense trade balance with the eu has traditionally been significantly in the u.s. 
  favor . 
  ** in 2008 the u.s. exported five billion u.s. dollars and imported only 2.2 billion u.s. dollars worth of defense material , in line with a historic ratio of double exports to imports . 
   anyway , i 'm done here - you 're brainwashed by your own propanganda . 
  just to make you happy : the data from the above quote is from a european commission . 
  and not surprisingly , it says * exactly * what i 've been saying . 
   yes . 
  most of the e.u. 
  's military hardware is built in the e.u. 
  it is home to a massive oil industry and an extremely large munitions industry . 
  if the e.u. 
  was a country , it would be the world 's largest arms exporter . 
  any argument to the contrary flies in the face of the facts . 
  i never argued that the eu does n't produce arms . 
  they do indeed have some of their own hardware , but they 're also significantly invested into us hardware . 
  and that hardware becoming useless would be a major blow to their capacity . 
   it 's true that the u.k. ran through it 's available air-to-ground missiles quickly in libya , but that was without touching the operation ready reserve and with a third of their strike elements embroiled in herrick . 
  on top of that , the u.k. is only one of 27 nations in the e.u. 
  the uk is one of the more significant military powers in the eu . 
   if the e.u. 
  were one country , its defense spending would be second in the world , and , at $ 194 billion , roughly a third of that of the u.s. 
  exactly . 
  they spend * a third * of what the united states does . 
   it 's submarine fleet and ad alone would mean that the u.s. could not successfully invade the e.u. 
  we have bases everywhere . 
  the submarine fleet would certainly limit our ability to use our navy , but it 's not like we would n't have points from which we could strike . 
   more u.s. miliary equipment is imported from the e.u. 
  than it is exported to it . 
  countries provide essential systems for some of the u.s. highest profile projects , and simultaenously produces indigenous hardware , and visa versa . 
  [ incorrect ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/sectors/defence/files/final_report_trans_en.pdf ) . 
  us exports are in the neighborhood of 16 billion ( 1/3rd eu ) , imports are 4 billion ( 50 % eu ) . 
  that 's page 11 of the document . 
   i think you have a very inflated view of your nation 's power i do n't think there 's really any question that we have the largest and most advanced military in the world . 
  even your figures put the eu at 1/3rd of the us . 
   this is about the farthest from the truth you could be . 
  the combined e.u. 
  air forces ' fighters include 406 f-16s , 266 typhoons ( plus hundreds more on order ) , 212 gripens , 202 mirage 2000s , 146 f-18s , 75 rafales , and some assorted super \u00c9tandards , amxs , tornados and harriers . 
  the question is : can you maintain them , arm them , and refuel them ? 
  and the answer is no . 
  not enough to conduct a war against a powerful ( or moderately powerful ) country . 
  in the article i linked you to even britain ran through their missile stockpiles after pretty short period of time . 
   this too is bunk . 
  the e.u. 
  could adequately defend itself in a non-nuclear war against any aggressor on earth , including the u.s. are you kidding ? 
  what do you think we spend all that defense money on , bagels ? 
  it 's not just our `` invasion '' budget that 's huge ... our standing military is larger and more expensive than anywhere else on the planet by orders of magnitude . 
  the eu would not even be able to repair it 's own aircraft if they were ever in a conflict against the us . 
  these are not some old-school 1940s bombers , and in most cases the us is the sole supply of parts . 
   the populations of e.u. 
  nations are unwilling to pay for overseas wars and the means to fight them , but it 'd be foolish to consider them without defences . 
  the eu can defend themselves from most individual countries , but not the power houses . 
   i honestly ca n't understand why we still look to this us based credit rating agency when all they do is butt in and make the whole situation worse .
