   none of which are actually addressed by this . 
  here 's all this law accomplishes : 1 ) victimizes people who * want * to wear coverings by taking away that right . 
  2 ) victimizes people who * have * to wear the coverings by making sure they 're simply not allowed outside - also restricting their ability to report things like domestic violence . 
   the niqab is just the tip of the iceberg issue , fanatics who wants to enforce shariah , and you know it . 
  it 's not the tip of the ice berg , it 's the ice cube floating next to the ice berg . 
  parallel , but having fuck all to do with any of the real problems . 
   and when they run unchecked , you got isis . 
  but i 'm sure they 're nice people hey ? 
  have you read the news recently ? 
  we do have the same here . 
   fact : isis kills people by smothering them to death with veils ? 
  isis has * nothing at all * to do with veils , and more than that restricting them wo n't serve to do anything to counter extremism . 
  nothing at all . 
   uh , they are trying to enforce shariah on people around them . 
  and here we have the crux of it : your problem is with muslims and your perception of them . 
  it has * nothing to do with burqas or nijabs or anything like that * . 
  because the face covering is not a mechanism for forcing sharia on anyone , and no one is trying to force non-muslims to wear them . 
  -------------------------- this reply outs you as nothing more than a bigot . 
  you have completely abandoned the idea that this veil ban has anything to do with actual veils . 
  it 's just a way to make muslims uncomfortable , and you see muslims as the problem . 
  not veils . 
   ca n't tell you why it is so , but i can measure it that way . 
   know why you ca n't tell me why ? 
  because as i said : it 's not based in logic or reason . 
  it 's based in `` outsiders freaking you out , doing their freaky things in freaky ways '' . 
   actually it is the business of my gov in my country , and certainly none of a damn murican who do n't have issue with salafists immigrating by the number . 
  * you caught me , i 'm an american * . 
  specifically an american who lived next door to a region that was 40 % + muslim and had no problems . 
   still not your country and not yours to run or have a say upon . 
  this could be a justification for * literally anything * . 
  any law . 
  that makes it a bad argument . 
   because those people are creating quite a number of social issues by their very actions . 
  those actions have fuck-all to do with a head covering . 
   sorry , your liberty stops where the other 's start . 
  you ca n't say that when * you 're the one violating others liberty * . 
  they are n't significantly impacting you . 
  you 're impacting them . 
  you 're the one violating that . 
   they come in as guest , their not free to enforce their own laws there , period . 
  what the hell ? 
  they 're not `` enforcing their own laws '' . 
  you 're passing laws to criminalize people who are already there . 
  `` their own laws '' have literally nothing to do with anything . 
   i think when you rob a bank you generally do n't drive straight to prison afterwards , your aim is to both rob the bank and escape with the money , if your face is on the camera footage then you 've thrown away just about all chance of getting away . 
  exactly . 
  which is why a ban on face coverings or anything like that would not even slightly impact crime or criminals . 
  robbing banks is already illegal . 
  they 're already breaking a law . 
  they 're not going to give a shit about a face covering ban . 
   mate it 's not just about robbing a bank . 
  it 's not about security . 
  i agree , which is why i 'm always a bit annoyed to see that comment come up every single time this issue is discussed . 
  if i 'm going to have a discussion , i 'd rather have it about the honest motives , which you do in your response . 
  thanks . 
   except that 's a fact . 
   it 's not . 
  it 's just saying `` well it is this way because it is this way '' . 
  there 's no logic there , no reason . 
  nothing of value . 
   except the world is bigger than my own arse and i try to think about other people living around me . 
  who are also not really impacted by this . 
  what other people wear simply * is n't your business * . 
   do n't want our laws ? 
  leave . 
  i 'm always a bit bewildered when europeans start to sound like american republicans . 
  they 're laws you passed * specifically against these people * , not laws that happened to be on the books that they came to your country and started violating . 
   i do n't negociate how we run our country with foreigners living under viith century law . 
  you 're the one creating law , they 're just living their lives as they see fit . 
  though i would say that anti-minority laws passed specifically to target a group that 's doing nothing wrong to you is very viith century law indeed . 
   our cultural value is that nobody should be covering their face in public bullshit . 
  it 's a recent reaction to people from other countries , not some time honored tenet of french life . 
   `` a survey by the pew research center 's global attitudes project , conducted april 7 to may 8 , finds that the french public overwhelmingly endorses this measure ; 82 % approve of a ban on muslim women wearing full veils in public , including schools , hospitals and government offices , while just 17 % disapprove . '', 
  yes , rarely in history has it been hard to get a majority to agree that it 's a good idea to oppress a minority . 
   and here those clothes are , whether de facto ( because every french wears those ) and by law . 
  if they wanted to come to a country to enforce it , they 're free to pick another non eu country . 
   that 's not even an argument . 
   i think of my french/eu citizens first ( then my culture second ) above non citizen non local and non friendly imported salafists ( last ) , sorry . 
  the standard of the firsts ones takes priority , sorry . 
  except they are not doing anything to you and you are not harmed by what you 're objecting to . 
  you 're the one enforcing your will on them . 
   how 's a security camera going to catch you if everybody wears a full body cover ? 
  do you think a law like this is going to stop anyone who is worried about a security camera from covering their face ? 
  `` well , i was going to cover my face while robbing this bank ... but you know . 
  did n't want to break 2 laws at once '', 
   are you seriously arguing that forcing people to walk under a cage in a prizonner jumpsuit who does n't even let them see what 's in front of them or be sequestred is less oppressive than saying `` no , let your wife use normal clothes when she needs to walk out '' ? 
  o_o  i think this is fundamentally you just not `` getting '' why people would wear it . 
  that 's the beauty of allowing other people choice : you do n't * have * to get it . 
  to a lot of these people `` normal '' clothes ( as you put it ) are not `` normal '' . 
   face covering in public is unacceptable . 
  this is the view of the majority . 
  when the cultural values of the minority conflict with the cultural values of the majority , why should the cultural values of the minority take precedence over the cultural values of the majority ? 
  the issue should n't be framed as us not respecting their cultural values , it should be framed as them not respecting our cultural values . 
  [ tyranny of the majority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) . 
  and it 's not `` taking precedence '' over the view of the majority - they 're not forcing you to wear a burqa . 
  in fact , they 're not trying to force anything on on you . 
  you 're the one trying to force something on them . 
   culture in the uk and the us are really different , you ca n't compare either without experience or at the very least looking into it . 
  i thought the issue was extremism and muslims not integrating ? 
  or are you saying the problem lies with the country in question , and not muslims ?
