  i think the specifics here matter . 
  the hypothetical person in your next paragraph is a strawman of sorts : we have no idea if the person owning the grocery store is anything like that , and without that information we ca n't even tell if your example is applicable here . 
   lets look at this another way . 
  spanish man a is a successful businessman who takes home $ 150,000 . 
  is it fine to rob him to feed your family ? 
  society has in large said yes , and they do it through taxation , which is then distributed to the safety net programs . 
  when government fails , goes bankrupt , people stop paying taxes etc , i do n't think it ethically changes the situation to take matters into your own hands when the instrument of state fails , as long as you steal responsibly ( i know , but it does happen when good people are driven to bad acts ) . 
  on my side of the pond comparing taxation to robbery is typically used as an argument * against * taxes , not as an argument * for * robbery . 
   if you really want to match the analogy to robbing a store like this , it would in fact be comparable to a sales tax . 
  no , because the businessman * has a say in his government * . 
  he has representation . 
  he can make his case . 
  he ca n't do that with random looters and thugs . 
  he has no social contract with them , because he has no say in what they do . 
   i would n't approve of a sales tax in this case , and for gods sake , i 'm not approving of robbing supermarkets just yet either , just of robbing people with too much money . 
  i really do n't like this . 
  your problem does n't appear to be * how * the person earned their money , what they did , whether they 've paid their due in taxes already , or anything like that ... it 's just that '' * he has hit and i want it * '' . 
  there 's no moral stand here , no justice being served . 
  just jealousy and anger . 
  i ca n't help but wonder if your opinion of it being okay to rob people with `` too much money '' would change if people from africa used similar logic and picked your house apart piece by piece . 
  yeah , i agreed with you : `` i suppose that would alleviate some of the risk . '', 
  my mistake on misreading your first post . 
   why the prisoners were not taken to the us and interrogated there ? 
  the same reason guantanamo bay is in cuba and not kansas . 
  once an inmates feet touch american soil they gain rights they do n't have beforehand . 
  there 's not that big a difference between the day before expiration and the day of expiration ... but i suppose that would alleviate some of the risk . 
   why the supermarkets do n't give this food to shelters or whatever in the first place is beyond me . 
  most likely because once food is passed it 's expiration date , it 's been deemed unsafe to eat by either the manufacturer or the government , depending on who is in charge of such things . 
  they normally tread on the side of caution . 
  i absolutely think that the food should find it 's way to shelters and the homeless as much as possible if it is truly safe to eat , but liability being what it is makes it quite difficult for it to get there via officially supported means . 
  it 's one of those things where individuals have to step in because the business will have it 's hands bound by either the law or their liabilities/insurance . 
   i do n't want to argue the specifics of the case , but , robbing food from those who have plenty to feed those who have none should be endorsed in my opinion . 
  the supermarket had to pay for it . 
  if someone steals from them , they have to make up the cost of what they paid for food . 
  the only way to do this is by raising the price of the other goods . 
  essentially : stealing from them does no good . 
  i 've never understood the purpose of gold derivatives . 
  the entire point behind the precious metals is how tangible they are . 
  you can hold them and the value is tied to the material in front of you . 
  investing in the derivatives of them just seems like it 's completely missing the point . 
   its good to see that the current crisis actually leads polititians waking up and do some necessary changes . 
  this is seriously one of the first things a country had done in this crisis that made me think `` well shit , this just might improve things ! '', 
   not at all : many democrats will vote with republicans , but the reverse is not true , and joseph lieberman prevented obama from having a super-majority ( 60 votes ) in the senate . 
  the republicans have voted with the democrats many times ... just not on obama 's pet bills . 
  of course they 're not going to vote for stimulus packages or jobs bills that are heavy on the idea of using the government as means of stimulus . 
  [ here is 2011-2012 alone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_the_112th_united_states_congress ) . 
  the democrats can not pass anything without the republicans because of the house , and you will notice that many things have passed . 
  that 's not even including the things that had some support from both parties but failed , or the things earlier in his term . 
   also , the affordable care act ( `` obamacare '' ) was an incredibly significant piece of legislation . 
  i do n't recall bush passing anything similar ; his equivalently-radical attempt at institutional reform , the privatization of social security , failed miserably . 
  well , the democrats went weak in the knees and supported most of the things that * should * have been every bit as controversial as obamacare . 
   finally , the republicans naturally have an easier time with the voters by appealing to irrational populism . 
  understanding why democratic proposals make sense requires a bit of thought and therefore it 's a harder sell . 
  for example , the average man can easily understand that more taxes = less money for him to spend . 
  can he understand the savings caused by the aca 's regulation of health insurance in the same intuitive , simple way ? 
  nope . 
  it 's a lot easier to break down opponents when you 're arguing against strawmen . 
  people had a variety of different reasons for not supporting the aca . 
  some were legitimate , some were not . 
  edit : [ here are the acts that passed both houses and got signed in 2009-2011 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_the_111th_united_states_congress ) . 
  some of those tread into supermajority territory , but many also required republican support . 
  [ even things that were relatively broadly reaching regulations ] ( http://www.opencongress.org/bill/111-h627/actions_votes ) garnered significant republican support . 
  the idea that republicans never vote with democrats is a fiction . 
   i did n't hear the words `` not true . '', 
  how would you characterize it then ? 
  i would say that neither are interested in working with eachother . 
  republicans do n't get to even introduce their bills/amendments most of the time ( because of the democratic leadership in the senate ) , and democrats get blocked when they try and use procedures and ( more recently ) executive orders to evade republican influene on bills . 
  i think this also has to do with strongly different ideas on the effectiveness of government as a stimulus , and the plethora of bills that have come down that have to do with that . 
   no , it 's pretty accurate . 
  no , it 's just a simplistic narrative that is popular on places like thinkprogress and / r/politics . 
  it has little to do with reality . 
  there has certainly been a lot of gridlock , but it 's not just `` because they can '' . 
  it 's a lot to do with the types of bills being put up , republicans feeling shut out of the process ( they are typically not allowed to introduce amendments or bills ) , the use of procedural tactics to slide bills through and prevent republican influence from reaching the bills , and a competing view on the effect of government spending as a way to revitalize the economy - the basis for recurring conflict over the past several years . 
  there * is * some brinksmanship and gridlock for it 's own sake , bit it runs a lot deeper than that . 
  it 's not a system currently well geared for compromise by either side . 
   also , democrats only had control over the house for 2 years . 
  they had a supermajority during that time and also had control over the senate ( which they still do ) . 
  they were just unable to get their own party to agree with their bills frequently enough to evade republican filibusters . 
  edit : almost forgot that the democrats during the bush era agreed with a disturbing amount of what he was doing , so gridlock was a bit less common . 
   the only opinion that should have any value is informed opinion . 
  do you really believe the only informed opinion is one supportive of the eu ? 
  it 's not a pet issue of mine ( american ) so i could be wrong here but that just seems a bit like tunnel vision to me . 
   also that no matter what obama says there are idiotic conservatives who will blindly disagree with them , even if obama 's policies help them . 
  obama could n't get much done during his first term because our congress is filled with adults who act like petulant children and will disagree with whatever the other side says no matter what . 
  well , a lot of their most vicious disagreements were on large scale spending bills . 
  the democrats call them `` jobs bills '' or stimulus , but the republicans do n't think recovery can come from public sector demand because public sector can only use what it subtracts from the private sector . 
  the opposite idea has essentially been the recurring theme of obama 's recovery strategy . 
  it 's not surprising there 's been so much gridlock . 
  there 's certainly been some stonewalling to make a point from both sides , but for the most part they are n't just blindly disagreeing with eachother . 
   it 'd ( more democracy ) be impossible , the large countries would dominate the smaller countries . 
  what on earth would they gain by giving up their sovereignity ? 
  this is the exact problem that led to the bicameral legislature in the us . 
  the bigger states would n't sign on unless their higher population levels were factored in , so we got the house of representatives . 
  the smaller states would n't sign on unless they had assurance they would n't be crushed by the bigger states . 
  so we got the senate ( where every state gets 2 votes ) . 
   i said ` what about yeltsin ? ', 
  meaning your answer does n't explain how `` anyone president could have been there and economic growth would have naturally occured '' because it did n't occurre during yeltsin 's presidency . 
  he was n't a commie , he was rather the opposite of one like putin . 
  communism does n't explain russia 's troubles during the 90 's . 
  yeltsin was an especially bad president and inhibited growth .
