  you have to remember that many people that live in the midwest actually do live on the wild frontier . 
  i 've seen it in the midwest and california . 
  right now detroit is essentially rebuilding itself from the ground up without any help . 
  they are quite proud of this , and the `` wild west '' mentality has made a major comeback . 
  the government does n't have enough resources to look out for people or stop them from doing as they will , so as a result people are becoming significantly more `` do it yourself '' oriented . 
  in california the start-up culture is downright pervasive and suffocating . 
  it 's actually * hard to hold on to employees * in the tech sector because of how likely they are to risk it all and try their own thing . 
   its not really that simple . 
  well , it never is . 
  we 're discussing finance on reddit and are bound by our own patience and the expected patience of the reader . 
   since the market is so liquid ( and somewhat volatile ) , you can always lower debt servicing costs by refininacing aggressively when the market conditions swing in your favor . 
  but the bond market - especially in europe and especially now - swings based on how likely it is that the country will be able to pay back their debt . 
  that ties * directly * back to more production or less spending . 
  you can use debt management to make the most of the your revenues , but you still need to have the revenues ( or thriftiness ) to back the checks you 're cashing . 
   not true . 
  the budget can also be balanced via better debt management policy , and via having some reliable sources of state revenues . 
  there are only 2 ways to balance a budget : by producing more , or by spending less . 
  both of those are `` on the backs of the people '' . 
  you can not even acquire debt in the first place if the person loaning it does not thing you are willing to do one of those 2 things . 
   i would advise you educate yourself before making ignorant remarks . 
  i would advise you to fully understand my argument before insulting me . 
  considering you immediately followed this with something you did n't understand about my argument , perhaps you should have held off longer . 
   first of all , why would decreasing public sector wages have no impact ? 
  because that does n't decrease the expense of producing the product . 
  the price of the product incorporates the expense of the employees working for the company , not random public employees . 
  lower wages for public employees could impact the expense of producing a good if there was an immediate reduction in taxes to match the salary , but greek businesses did n't pay much tax in the first place * and * there was no immediate drop for those that did because the money is still needed elsewhere . 
  especially in greece 's case i ca n't see how reducing the wages of public workers would have an impact on prices no matter what they did . 
   you are arguing against a straw-man here . 
  i concede that lower wages can lead to lower cost of life in general . 
  not a strawman , a misunderstanding at worst . 
   first , wages in greece have already been lowered and prices have not even started catching up yet . 
  that article does n't really give enough information to create a diagnosis . 
  it does n't say whether he 's counting the unemployed in the `` wages and salaries have fallen '' number , he does n't separate out private/public salary reductions ( huge in a country with a public workforce the size of greece 's ) and most importantly : he does n't say which income bracket is falling or * when * it 's fallen ( important in figuring out why prices have n't caught up ) . 
  the other end of it is that the slew of bankruptcies for businesses in greece does leave them with a severe lack of internal competition that can cause serious problems . 
  greece is - by all accounts - a worse case scenario . 
  everything has to go right and very little has . 
   second , lowering the minimum wage means leaving some people without essentials . 
  no , but it does mean leaving some people with only the essentials . 
   we have already decreased wages and prices remain stationary . 
  decreased wages where ? 
  all i 've heard of was public employees wages going down , and that has no impact at all on prices . 
  same thing for unemployment - a high unemployment rate technically brings down the per-capita income , but has no impact on prices because the products themselves are no cheaper to produce as a result of unemployment . 
  also , are you talking about domestic products or imports ? 
   just because your false ideal about how markets work predicts that eventually these wages will become livable . 
  errr . . false ideal ? 
  sorry buddy , but it 's easily seen in countries across the world . 
  it 's why people in places like india and vietnam can survive on lower wages than you can in the us or germany : because the lower wages have led to lower priced products in that country that make it possible . 
  what i 'm discussing is n't some abstract theory . 
  it 's reality , easily observable in dozens and dozens of countries . 
   prices adjust according to demand first . 
  yes , and a decrease in demand from prices being too high increases demand for lower priced products . 
  when companies have decreased expenses from the wages , they will enter these cheaper markets so they can gain more revenue from the unoccupied niche . 
  without that decrease in expenses , it is impossible for them to decrease prices the way you want them to unless they were already operating on a profit margin that is incredibly uncommon in staple goods like food and housing . 
   but still , the issue here is minimum wage laws . 
  right now , in greece , minimum wage is hardly enough for someone to survive , let alone have a family . 
  but a lower minimum wage would make it so that it would require less money to survive . 
  if i 'm creating foodproducta , my costs are the cost of production , wages , and then a small percent for profit . 
  if minimum wage goes down , that let 's me move the price of the food product down ... and if there 's a big enough base of people ( those making minimum wage ) that ca n't afford the product without me moving the price down , it makes sense to . 
   therefore , according to my original argument , lowering it further is only worthwhile after the cost of living is decreased . 
  i agree with this , but what i 'm saying is that you ca n't really bring down the cost of living * until * you bring down that minimum wage . 
  that cost decrease is what * allows * for the price decrease . 
  the businesses ca n't run at a loss on the off chance minimum wage will lower and make it worthwhile . 
  it can cause some temporary problems while prices catch up , but things really do have to move in the order of wage decrease -  price decrease . 
  and while this seems like it would achieve an identical equilibrium to what existed already , the difference is that * more * people are able to be hired , and therefore * more * can afford the necessities . 
  minimum wage is a balance . 
  but times of high unemployment is one of those situations where you really need to look seriously at bringing it down . . and however counter intuitive it may seem , there 's a good chance that more people will benefit than if it had been left higher . 
  if costs fall and the population can not afford the product , the price will be lowered so more people can buy it . 
  smaller margins but more customers makes for more profit . 
  if you assume all prices will stay the same , lowering minimum wage will not work . 
  but prices - especially for things like housing - tend to fluctuate with the wages of the area . 
  this can not happen in places like greece where the costs have not fallen , but income has ( higher unemployment and lower paid public workers do not decrease business costs ) . 
  this is more true for things produced for domestic consumption than things produced for global consumption , but for a lot of industries lowering the wage makes sense . 
  even a low minimum wage is more than zero and if done properly it will keep your people housed and fed . 
   iow : yes , the budget is being balanced on the back of the people . 
  no one else can balance the budget . 
  the country only makes money from it 's people ; either individually or acting as a group like a company . 
  the only thing a country is made up of is it 's occupants and the land they inhabit , and the land can not do anything by itself . 
  who else can provide the revenue for the country to have a balanced budget if not the people ? 
  the local squirrel population ? 
  that 's horrible , but it exists elsewhere as well . 
  [ here is a pakistani selling their child ] ( http://www.worldvision.ca/about-us/newsroom/press-releases/pages/pakistan-mother-sells-daughters-to-support-other-children.aspx ) - it was one of many examples . 
  but somehow no one would insist that pakistanis all sell their children , or consider it a defining trait of being pakistani . 
   like selling their daughters into marriage ? 
  or forbidding them to go to school ? 
  you could find these in a number of cultures , none of which get painted with as broad a brush as the gypsies . 
   gypsies are seen as less integrated and therefore they are `` others '' . 
  were n't jews seen as the `` others '' in the ww-2 era in germany ? 
   it was a collusion of interests . 
  the * decision * to cook the books was not a collusion of interests . 
  that was just the greek government . 
  the * action * of cooking the books involved a collusion of interests , but that 's only because the greek government was paying gs to do what they wanted done . 
   some professionals are able to retire earlier due to the nature of their work part of the problem being that the `` nature of work '' that would allow such things expanded so politicians could get easy votes . 
  like hair cutters being classified as a `` hazardous job '' so they could get early retirement . 
  i 'm not standing up for the usa 's judicial system . 
  i 'm just pointing out reality . 
  gypsy hate has gotten quite ugly before . 
   and let 's see what the `` western '' countries did . 
  france , for example , deported them asap . 
  this is what i call toleration !, 
  and germany started killing them during the holocaust .
