  '' * initially used by the perpetrators during the yugoslav wars and cited in this context as a euphemism akin to that of the `` final solution '' , by the 1990s the term gained widespread acceptance in academic discourse in its generic meaning . 
  * ''  on the other hand , usa never acknowledged armenian genocide , unlike ussr ( or russia later on ) . 
  should we really talk about ethnic cleansing ? 
  absolutely we should . 
  russia 's list of allies is basically a `` who 's who '' of human rights violators . 
  it 's beyond `` pragmatic '' - it 's pretty literally the entire fucking list . 
  dictators and despots practically from end to end . 
  russia has n't even acknowledged the shit * it itself did * , and more than that still sees it as a great wrong when the west steps in to stop ethnic cleansing in an allied region - even though in part the west is reacting to the things it learned while parts of it were under russia 's thumb . 
  because those dirty albanians fuckers deserved it , amirite comrade ? 
  i for one blame the dry british humor . 
   well , i can also say `` the only problem usa had with the nazis is that they feared ussr would occupy the whole europe and wanted kraut scientists for themselves '' , is n't that why d-day only happened 1 year before defeat of the germany , when the red army was already on the offensive ? 
  i would say then that the us has loudly embraced revulsion at many aspects of nazi germany , and has objected to them ever since - the end of democracy , ethnic cleansing , etc. 
  while we 're not perfect , objection to those things does factor a lot into the american mindset . 
   get it out of your head , that was n't the only problem russia had with the nazi . 
  then what was it ? 
  because i 've seen ethnic cleansing regularly justified by the russian press and russian people . 
  they also clearly do n't mind dictators . 
  they do n't mind nationalism . 
  so i 'm really struggling to fathom what russia 's issue with the nazis was other than the invasion of russia . 
  what is the point of this after the u.s. has already largely agreed ? 
  `` i for one think the french should continue speaking french '', 
  exactly . 
  i refuse to give it legitimacy . 
   the guy said `` please let us decide how to celebrate things '' . 
  all i replied to was `` i do n't see any complaints when every other victorous nation celebrates their victory in the wwii . '' . 
  i explained why . 
   the celebration was just like every else 's celebration of wwii . 
  sorry for englando , i 'm in a rush . 
  except for them trying to draw allusions between ukraine and nazi germany , and thereby drawing the `` righteousness '' of wwii into their current conflict , yes . 
   and ? 
  if my views about a country were shaped by reddit , i 'd think the us solely consists of barely literate white teens from suburbia . 
  i 'm sure the arguments on vk are much more nuanced and articulate . 
   it 's actually quite interesting to see this from an american considering you put hands on almost every corner of the world after wwii , be that with a military intervention or with political influences . 
  we went to exactly the same places russia did , countering pretty much the same types of things . 
  but we did n't occupy countries , send their people to gulags , and exterminate their populations . 
   we can add to this the really extensive list of military bases you have set in europe and the world . 
  countries that want us there . 
   sure , they are hardly comparable but it 's sort of funny nonetheless . 
  yeah , i 'll take that . 
   i do n't know why you commented why you did , i repeat myself , everyone does military parades and wwii commemorations but when it comes to russia everybody loses their mind . 
  yup . 
  because russia 's victory is tainted by their behavior after the fact . 
  did n't france include money from it 's colonies as part of it 's gdp ? 
  was colonialism good ? 
   russiophobic for the trillionth time and counting : russophobia is not a thing . 
  related : acknowledging russia 's past and what they did to other countries is not russophobic . 
   the nazi-soviet pact happened over 70 years ago . 
  this bullshit has little to no relevance to the modern world . 
  russia is trying to whitewash their history , and is doing so to make their current actions more palatable . 
  it 's easier for putin to ride a wave of nationalistic fervor if the past of russia is seen as being more acceptable . 
  the only problem russia had with the nazis is that they invaded russia . 
   i do n't see any complaints when every other victorous nation celebrates their victory in the wwii . 
  the rest of the world left the countries they had to walk through to get to berlin . 
  france is not the 51st state . 
   to be fair , i 've never heard this excuse . 
  it is by far more common to hear nowadays that gulags were completely justified . 
  i 've read many , many times on reddit russians explaining saying `` but stalin was georgian '' whenever the atrocities of the ussr are brought up . 
   yes it is . 
  but there is nothing germany can do to change that . 
  geopolitical and economic isolation would make russia too weak to do anything aggressive . 
  they 'd be the proverbial toddler trying to kick someone in the shins when it could barely stand . 
   yeah trust me , if the western allies felt unease aligning themselves with the soviet union , it was not because it was a ruthless dictatorship presided over by a mass murderer . 
  they helped install several of those over the course of the century . 
  anyone `` installed '' over the next ~ 50 years ( not a century ) was largely a result of the conflict with the soviet union that was kicked off because they did n't leave countries after wwii , and instead built an empire . 
  both sides were installing governments , supporting whoever , and doing whatever they could . 
  but it was a response to that initial action and the struggle for power than followed . 
  damn . 
  that 's some dark shit . 
   no it 's not . 
  maybe just google us role in ukraine coup and see what comes up ? 
  they had a concrete role in the overtoppling of yanukovich in hopes of driving ukraine towards closer ties with the eu , an ally of the us . 
   1 ) no , they did n't . 
  it was a ukrainian movement . 
  2 ) we did n't * need to * . 
  having a high standard of living is it 's own incentive . 
  in russia 's sphere of influence you will never exceed russia 's ( poor ) standard of living . 
  in the us 's many countries do exceed the us 's much higher standard of living . 
  * that * is why countries want to join . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions post cold war us policy has been drastically different . 
   they had a lot to do with the overtoppling of yanukovich , which in turn made russia nervous . 
   no , no they fucking did n't . 
   you have to also try to understand how this feels from a russian perspective , with nato/eu creeping up around their old sphere of influence . 
  * old * sphere of influence . 
  russia ends at russias borders . 
  if they want to keep their sphere of influence they should try creating a decent standard of living in it . 
   i do not agree with them annexing crimea at all , but it 's just not this black and white . 
  and the us does have a history of meddling in the internal politics of countries if it benefits their own geo-political agenda . 
  ( south america , iran , iraq , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  since the end of the cold war ( when russia did the same ) the us has pretty reliably not fucked with democracies . 
   there is no reason whatsoever for europe to antagonise russia more than necessary and like merkel said , especially germany has a role here with regards to the wwii commemorations . 
   more the concern was that russia would use it as an opportunity to ( badly ) equate ukraine/nazi germany fascists with western leaders standing at putin 's side ... and that definitely did happen ( minus the leaders ) at the v-day parade . 
   just because of the ukraine situation , which is far more complex than most of us know , and in which the us plays just as much of a role as russia does , does n't mean we have to go out of our way to piss our neighbour russia off . 
  absolute , utter , and total bullshit . 
  all the us has really done is help organize sanctions - the bare minimum one can expect for annexing part of a european country and creating a civil war in a neighboring country . 
   hitler did declare war on the united states yes , in large part because we were already involved to the point he considered * us * declaring war to be an inevitability . 
  for the record : joining the war was 100 % the right thing for us to do . 
  ( i feel like my replies have taken a kind of awkward direction ), 
   you could have . 
  and as far as we know , you would have had n't hitler declared war on you .
