  holy fuck . 
  this entire article is just bizarre . 
   even if it 's difficult the see the `` extreme urgency '' , i would imagine that the ministry is required to supply parliament and mp 's with information they ask for . 
  i guess i do n't know how it works in europe , but in the us if you asked for a list of kindergartners nation wide you would not get it , even if you 're in congress . 
  that said , there 's one thing that ca n't be overlooked here : [ these people are not just nationalists , they are literally nazis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q9q1m.jpg ) . 
  they burn down the stands of immigrants , beat them up , and are now being given a * list of the children * , presumably with addresses . 
  it does n't take a brain surgeon to see why this is a really , really bad idea . 
  if there 's one rule for dealing with hitler saluting nazis , it would be do n't give them a list of the names or addresses of everyone they hate . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  reddit has been overflowing with your type of trash lately . 
  it 's time you guys goose stepped your way back to stormfront . 
  loosening quotas with less fisherman has the same impact on fish stocks as stricter quotas with the same number of fisherman , and in either case the ability to supply more as needed in the future is maintained . 
  the only difference is that one does not require subsidies . 
  you can also maintain the stricter quotas until fish stocks replenish, 
   this is the fundamental problem , yes , but it 's even more complicated than that . 
  keeping markets stable ( i.e. , fishermen in business ) is n't just a market protection scheme , it 's also a supply protection scheme . 
  it 's easy to be critical of the farm and fishing subsidies , and there are many things wrong with it ( such as this blatant waste of valuable resources ) , but we do need some solution to the problem of varying supply given constant demand . 
  if you 're establishing quotas it means the fishermen you have are capable of catching more than you 're allowing them . 
  if a few go out of business and in a few years you need more fish , you can just loosen the quotas . 
  restraining fishermen via quotas , then subsidizing them so their numbers do n't decrease in the name of supply protection is a kind of counterproductive . 
   better lay z than not z. 
  i wonder what would happen if i created a twitter account , listed it as being in the uk , used expat shield ( uk ip address ) and started mercilessly trolling as offensively as possible . 
  how many resources would they spend trying to figure out who it was ? 
  would they at all ? 
  curious minds need to know . 
   she is there to protect germany 's interests . 
  germany saving greece * is * in germany 's interest , because it helps to save the euro . 
  both you and fernguts are right . 
   it 's so easy to decide what hardships should be inflicted on a foreign people . 
  the `` hardships '' you speak of are much , much better than what there would be with no intervention at all . 
  they 're not having hardships inflicted on them , they 're having much worse hardships avoided for them . 
  no one really thinks greece can pay the money back . 
  that 's why they ca n't get loans on the open market and that 's why countries like germany do n't want to give them as much as they want . 
   how do you pay anyone if you have nothing to sell/nobody to sell it ? 
  the economy is made of every of its actors , not only capital holders . 
  the economy is chocked full of people who want to buy products and people who will build products . 
  comparatively there are very few people who can financially support the creation of products . 
  everyone makes the economy , but certain groups are more common than others . 
   also , it 's funny how southerners are perceived as lazy whereas for iceland the general perception is that they got screwed over by bankers . 
  southern problems are largely related to what their governments did and spent , iceland 's problems were largely related to what their private banks did . 
   as for ` aspiring entrepeneurs ' , it 's more of a cultural issue than an economic one . 
  according to statistics it 's easier to transcend class boundaries in europe than the states ( to move from the working class to the middle class ) . 
  the obstacle is cultural , not economic . 
  i run a start-up in california . 
  it 's cultural , but not the way you 're implying . 
  europe has some fantastic entrepreneurs . 
  the problem is that when they want funding , are doing well , or are looking for a partner , they move over here . 
  out of the people i know in my industry from europe or australia , probably half have moved here or moved their business here within a year of it taking off . 
  they leave for 2 reasons : taxes and a desire for a start-up culture that simply does n't exist in most places . 
   that is an argument against taxes in general , not against who should have his taxes raised . 
  our society already thinks it is ok to tke fronm the rich and most people are willing to tolerate that up to a point . 
  but there is a point where it becomes punitive . 
  when you work from monday - half way through thursday for money for the state , most people are n't going to be overjoyed that they get to keep what they made on friday . 
   if you look at those boom years , wealthier americans had a far higher tax rate than they have today , while the u.s is on the cusp of full blown depression . 
  we had a high tax rate in the post war years because deductions and tax evasion was so high . 
  when we lowered the rate , we cut off many of the deductions and as time went on we had a greater ability to enforce our tax laws . 
  we were taxing ~ 70 % technically , but we did it to collect ~ 20-30 % . 
  no one ever actually paid our high rates when we had them . 
  our tax rate essentially did ' t move . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog-whistle_politics  dog-whistle politics is political messaging employing coded language that appears to mean one thing to the general population but has an additional , different or more specific resonance for a targeted subgroup . 
  the phrase is only ever used as a pejorative , because of the inherently deceptive nature of the practice and because the dog-whistle messages are frequently themselves distasteful , for example by empathizing with racist attitudes . 
  it is an analogy to dog whistles , which are built in such a way that their high-frequency whistle is heard by dogs , but is inaudible to humans . 
  yeah , and these people have n't checked the paperwork of the people they 're complaining about . 
  they 're claiming their culture is being destroyed by 5-10 percent of the population . 
  whatever word they use , their issue is ` outsiders ' . 
  `` immigration '' in europe is just a thin veil for racism and hostility to those not exactly like the natives . 
  it 's essentially a whistle word . 
  i feel similarily about the us . 
  it 's hard to keep a straight face as people complain about an immigrant population ` invading ' when the total percentage of immigrants in the country is less than our third most populous minority . 
  we are not perfect , but all things considered we function quite well . 
   oh come on now ... 
  this place really is . 
  if i said half the things that this subreddit does in real life i would rightly get punched right in the face . 
  anything about immigrants , islam , etc turns this place into a nut house . 
  edit : forgot about gypsies . 
  also gypsies . 
  normally that 's used in reference to the united states where we have [ 88.8 guns per 100 people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) in a country of ~ 300,000,000 . 
  * in the united states * criminals will always be able to get guns . 
  vote disregardmypants : open sewage pits for greece in 2013 !, 
  yeah . 
  oops . 
  well , another guy replied to me with that . 
  i 'm not at all touchy about it . 
  wrap a bible up with it light ` er up if you feel the need . 
  til : damn near every country that has red on their flag have it to represent blood except us . 
  each red or white stripe represents one of the original 13 colonies , each star represents one of the 50 states . 
  contrary to popular belief our flag does not have any flames on it in it 's natural state , it 's just frequently on fire . 
   what the hell is going on with the downvotes lately ? 
  not only here , everywhere . 
  can people learn to disagree without trying to burry each other 's submissions and comments ? 
  high political tensions right now . 
  crisises everywhere , elections in the us , etc. 
  it all adds up to a very politically charged atmosphere where people are a bit less considerate . 
  [ ok , here 's something more official . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn\\_\\ ( greece \\ ) #allegations _ of_nazism )  in a 1987 article of the golden dawn magazine , its editor michaloliakos wrote an article with title `` hitler for 1000 years '' where he supports nazism and white supremacy . 
  [ 97 ] specifically he wrote `` we are the faithful soldiers of the national socialist idea and nothing else '' and '' [ ... ] we exist , and continue the battle , the battle for the final victory of our race '' . 
  [ 97 ] he ends the article by writing '' ** 1987 , 42 years later , with our thought and soul given to the last great battle , with our thought and soul given to the black and red banners , with our thought and soul given to the memory of our great leader , we raise our right hand up , we salute the sun and with the courage , that is compelled by our military honor and our national socialist duty we shout full of passion , faith to the future and our visions : heil hitler !, 
  ** '' you ca n't get much more clear than `` heil hitler '' . 
  [ they hitler salute as well . 
   yep , that 's eu 's intention .
