  was i supposed to object to it before anyone knew it was being written ? 
  and all of us who are vehemently against this program ? 
   and it 's hardly `` irrelevant '' that this guy broke his agreement and contract with the u.s. government and directly harmed our national security and interests to make some bullshit political point . 
  some bullshit political point ? 
  he exposed the widespread surveillance of american citizens without a warrant ( clearly violating the 4th amendment ) , showed james clapper lied in front of congress , and has repeatedly shown every statement our government made on this was false . 
  it was bad enough when it was just metadata - but the recent leaks on minimization procedures show metadata is just a lie . 
   you can spin this however you want , but that is ( 1 ) the definition of a `` mole , '' and ( 2 ) sounds an awful lot like someone trying to defect . 
  no , it does n't . 
  `` defecting '' normally means `` the country takes you in '' - not the country forces you to `` stop hurting their american friends '' if you want to stay . 
   neither you nor i know what snowden has exchanged that intelligence for . 
  but if you do n't think that the first goddamned thing that chinese or russian intelligence did when snowden arrived on their soil was confiscate and copy all of his electronic data , then you 're living in a dreamworld . 
  even if you are correct , it 's irrelevant as long as he is planning on leaking all of the information, 
   most of the people here think of this more like a football game ( us vs them - them being evil americans ) then actually thinking through the issue i 'm an american and i do n't think anyone here is overreacting at all . 
  this is a big deal . 
  there is one intelligence agency with access to practically the entire world 's communications . 
  every president , prime minister , lawyer , journalist , news source , election organizer , political dissident , political leader , talk show personality ... they have it all . 
  that is terrifying . 
  they can blackmail literally anyone in any position of power . 
   why ? 
  because what snowden has done is literally treason . 
  he has openly admitted to being a mole . 
  he was a spy who has now fled to an unfriendly nation and given up a tremendous amount of sensitive national security intelligence . 
  whatever you may think of prism , that fact remains . 
  what a load of horseshit . 
  there 's not a single fact in that paragraph . 
  he is a * whistleblower * , not a traitor or a mole . 
  he was n't working for anyone . 
  he was n't privately hustling information for money ( though he could have ) . 
  he publicly leaked information he believed was evidence of wrongdoing on the part of our government with the goal of letting the public know . 
  he went to an unfriendly country because he has no chance of receiving a fair trial here . 
  it 'd be downright amazing if was even a * public * trial . 
   snowden is not intelligent . 
  that 's why dude is at the mercy of an ex-kgb dictator right now . 
  his goal is to not be at the mercy of the us right now , which so far he has succeeded in . 
  after leaking some serious documents , it 's downright remarkable he even managed to make it out of hong kong . 
   snowden , on the other hand , has not turned himself in , is not prepared to answer to all the consequences of his decision , and has been hiding under the coattails of our geopolitical rivals . 
  nothing he has done has indicated that he is a responsible whistleblower . 
  turning yourself in has absolutely fuck-all to do with being a responsible whistleblower . 
  the public nature of the leak , the content of the leak and the purpose for leaking it are what determines if he is a whistleblower or not . 
  what the hell is it with people and wanting others to martyr themselves ? 
  in canada there are certain holidays that essentially have to be given as days off . 
   it 's a small minority of americans , but it exists . 
  i just do n't understand why . 
  we are a competitive bunch and in a lot of cases you feel like you 're being looked down on around europeans . 
  the natural response is essentially `` you think you 're hot shit but you 're not '' i think also in many cases ( at least where i am , near a heavily euro hostile ) people are being somewhat tongue in cheek and it just goes over people 's heads . 
  for example , we have a canadian branch of our office . 
  whenever they have a `` mandatory day off '' ( which really does n't exist here ) we will jokingly say `` no , we do n't have that here as we are not communist '' and things of that nature . 
  while i 'm sure a lot of comments fall into the first thing i mentioned ( competitiveness ) a lot of things also fall into # 2 - bad jokes and jokes that are taken wrong . 
  no , that 's what some intelligence agencies do , it 's still frowned upon for allies , and on top of that there 's never been something that intercepted so much of the information . 
  this is n't just grabbing the occasional message . 
  even the un is trustworthy as long as all rules and bills about it are created in the open and all interpretations are available publicly . 
  i think they still may be nervous the us can monitor their politicians . 
  that would make any sane nation nervous . 
  holy shit . 
  i do n't * care * that ireland acts as a tax haven . 
  i could give 2 less shits about a union-wide tax . 
  the only reason that even came up was so i could explain your comparison is off . 
  i 'm saying to * leverage * their standing in ireland , not change irish tax law . 
  pass laws that impact how any company with a european subsidiary can pass data to intelligence agencies . 
  the companies then have to comply or kiss their lower taxes goodbye . 
   it 's just as much of a tax haven as texas is here - or any state that has extremely low business taxes . 
  there is no comparison at all . 
  a low tax state can save you around 5-10 % on taxes because in our country federal taxes make up the majority of income ( ~ 33 % ) and federal taxes are left in place no matter which state you 're in . 
  it 'd be similar if eu taxes were the majority of european taxes , but eu taxes are n't really a thing . 
  they do n't need to change tax policy , just set laws that any company with a european subsidiary must follow relating to foreign intelligence agencies . 
  i do n't have any problem with ireland or what they 're doing . 
  you do n't need to defend it 's honor to me . 
  it 's being used as a tax haven , it 's not structured as a traditional tax haven . 
   despite claims to the contrary by the us senate committee and others , ireland is not now , nor has it ever been , a tax haven . 
  that is a fact . 
  the companies do have a significant employer presence in ireland , so it 's certainly not like how the carribean is used ( plus the things you mentioned ) , but they process far more in payments in ireland ( and with that subject it to irish taxes ) than the branch earns . 
  ireland is essentially being used as one by these companies . 
  an interesting read for sure . 
  sometimes i wonder if the eu ( citizens or meps , take your pick ) truly understands how much power they have over the us companies because of their irish tax havens . 
  unfortunately when you 're doing the private/public sector in one bill and the us companies sending this data also do their own data collection , the decision they reach becomes `` lobby in the eu against the privacy bill '' ... 
  i ca n't help but wonder if it would be different if they made a bill that explicitly targeted law enforcement and dealt with the private sector in a separate bill . 
  putting the irish tax havens at risk would likely lead those companies to lobby * in the us * and * against the surveillance * ( which some like google are already bitter about ) rather than in the eu and against the privacy bill . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's not that i do n't feel anything . . it 's that there 's no value in feeling panicked over it . 
  bad things happen . 
  if you 're okay with that why the hell would n't you just pay for blocking software yourself ? 
  it 's not expensive . 
   thanks . 
  i also like the way you equate porn with normal sexual activity and say i 'm the unhealthy one . 
  smoothly done . 
  practically every male over the age of 14 on the face of the planet masturbates and most of them are going to use a visual aid of some kind . 
   it 's a very small effort , honestly , is n't it ? 
  i would say putting the mechanism in place for country-wide internet filtering is a pretty huge effort . 
   i 'm with you in not believing the entire world should be regarded as a sort of creche but really - do you never worry that very young kids can easily access some very disturbing material ? 
  it sounds like you 're not with him at all . 
  you want the world to restrain itself to it 's lowest common denominator . 
  i grew up online . 
  i saw disturbing material ( to spite internet filters , by the way ) . 
  know what happened ? 
  now i do n't flinch when i see disturbing material . 
  that 's it . 
   and it wo n't be much of an imposition , will it ? 
  are you kidding man ? 
  that 's an absolutely huge imposition . 
  even ignoring that the creation of this mechanism in the first place is paying with fire and that virtually every attempt at doing something like this has ended up spiraling far outside of simply `` pornography '' , a grown adult should not have to call a company up and announce `` i want porn please '' to consume it in his own home .
