  i 'm still paying for that mistake . 
  it is * impossible * to do it properly . 
  even attempting it places a bulls eye on the back of your head you can shake for the better part of the next decade . 
  upvoted for being absolutely hysterical . 
  ranked [ 82nd ] ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/data/exploreeconomies/france/ ) for `` protecting investors '' . 
  the united states is at # 6 . 
  combine that with their latest 75 % tax on income over $ 1 million ( which most large-scale investors are certainly hoping to make ) and it paints a pretty clear picture . 
   `` we have a tradition of welcome in our country for foreign companies that goes back a long way , including when jpmorgan came here in 1868 . '' worthy of note only because jp morgan established the first foreign bank in france . 
  ca n't help but notice he did n't relocate his operation there . 
   `` negative campaign '' against his country which is creating `` a growing gap between the perception of france and the reality '' . 
  gee , i wonder what dastardly forces have decided to come together to conspire against france . 
  i bet germans are involved . 
  --------------------------- edit : more from the [ ft article ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a8b19be-7e5f-11e2-9080-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2ls7wlz1k )  on france 's ailing competitiveness , mr montebourg points to the government 's new $ 20bn tax credit for business , which he claims will reduce by 6 per cent the onerous social charges imposed on french employers . 
  ah yes . 
  just what companies want : more paperwork to get the money they already made sent back to them rather than just taking slightly less in the first place . 
  even better : [ that 's still 10 billion shy of what france 's government commission said was necessary ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/06/us-france-competitiveness-idusbre8a50sp20121106 ) . 
  and on top of that * they 're raising the vat tax to compensate for the tax credit * . 
  meaning the actual cost of doing business will rise to offset the money they 're being given * back * that was intended to offset the cost of doing business in france . 
  god damn it . 
  this is hilarious . 
  we get a lot of investment because our capital gains are so low . 
  this plays a big part of our venture capital/startup economy . 
  for everything else there 's really only advantages if you run a fortune 500 . 
  plus if you interpreted it the way op is suggesting , no one would loan to european countries ... which would then destroy their stability . 
  all he 's really suggesting is a right to default . 
  defaulting ( even without the un charter ) is always an option . 
  but the risk is huge . 
  i like how they make this sound like a physical location with a set , predictable schedule . 
  `` the eurozone unfortunately missed the last ferry out of recession this year , but we expect to catch the earliest one next year when they resume service after the holdays . 
  after that it will be a 2 month journey to the mainland , where you can expect a full financial recovery . '', 
   a wet towel and a final dry one . 
  the secret to german efficiency has been revealed !, 
   i honestly do n't see why border tariffs are so frowned upon . 
  i 'm all for the restriction on the circulation of goods , people , information and even capital , but here we have a clear imbalance caused by the inability for chinese people to come work in countries like france for `` low '' salaries . 
   put a tariff on chinese import until they lift the restrictions chinese workers travels . 
  put also similar restriction on transits of capitals ( a bit harder , i agree ) 1 ) the problem comes when other countries put the same tariffs onto your country and you ca n't export anything properly . 
  2 ) cheap supplies make for cheap production at home . 
  if the raw materials and parts are cheap , you can have manufacturing at home that you could n't otherwise . 
  3 ) tariffs will only help inside your own country . 
  the prices will still be higher that average ( by far ) internationally , so you will have huge problems exporting . 
  i do n't know the `` by the books '' answer , but that 's off the top of my head . 
   whether or not it is the reason of the jobless recovery the us ( gdp back to the pre-crisis level , unemployment still at 8 % vs 4.5 % pre-crisis ) , it is a problem that will come . 
  it will cause a dramatic change in our societies . 
  i personally believe that the obvious solution is that , as production becomes capital-intensive rather than labor-intensive , to fund social efforts ( healthcare , retirement , etc. . . ) with taxes on companies ' benefits ( instead than on wages , as is currently done in many states ) and to put tariffs in place to not let tax haven offer an easy dodge . 
  i believe in education and trade schools . 
  if your problem is workers are not qualified to do labor that can pay a living wage in the country , the solution is to increase the quality and difficulty of labor they 're capable of . 
  if your job is being taken by a 14 year old malaysian kid , the problem is that your job could be * done * by a 14 year old malaysian kid . 
  we need to concentrate on getting a workforce skilled enough to avoid that . 
   i am really sad that this program is considered extremist and far-left by most . 
  our friend from titan would label it as a nutty socialist ploy that would destroy competitiveness , but i see it like a pretty pragmatic approach to very practical problems . 
  i just do n't see it as that simple . 
  if you make it too difficult to launch and expand ( which requires profit ) a business in your country , you 're screwing yourself 20 years down the road when your former behemoths have shrunk ( as all do ) and you have nothing to replace them . 
  i live in california . 
  we get european `` tax refugees '' all the time . 
  brilliant entrepreneurs , could have done a lot and helped a lot ... but they come here to launch businesses instead of their home countries . 
  i do n't think there 's enough respect for the damage this tendency will do in the long run . 
  how many hours do you spend wiping ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that !, 
  tell that to my girlfriend . 
  she is rabidly against my back and forth tendencies . 
   if your goal is to really look at gdp per capita as a measure of the workers ' productivity , i am interested to know in which respect india or china is faring better than any european country . 
  i never said they were . 
  they 're emerging economies . 
  that means they 're primarily industrial with low wages . 
   25th rank in gdp per capita is n't that bad , especially if you consider the huge number of oil producers and tax havens in the top ranks . 
  my admittedly subjective selection would make france rise to the 14th rank . 
  or 15th , depending on what you do with norway : it has a lot of oils , but probably would still be higher than us , hanging out with its usual chumps , dan ' , fin ' and swe ' ... 
  it 's not that bad , but it 's not great . 
  the problem is also that france ( and many other eu nations ) relatively low purchasing power per dollar . 
   i do believe that dividing gdp per the number of hours worked in the country is a silly way to measure productivity in a meaningful way . 
  the thing is , economists who use it to attack france are really shooting themselves in the foot : we have a higher `` productivity '' than chinese and a higher gdp per capita . 
  yes , we could work more , but i do n't see how it threatens the economy if we do n't . 
  i think the real issue is productivity on the low end of manufacturing ( aka a lot of manufacturing ) . 
  if the chinese are 10 % of the price but 20 % as productive , you 're making 2x as much for the same total productivity . 
  western nations have been losing out a lot on the low end of production . 
  unions have slowed the flow , but they are slowly but surely losing the fight . 
  eventually we will be left with high end manufacturing ( aka they have trade secrets they do n't want to give the chinese ) . 
  many workers wo n't be qualified for it , and there will be much less of it to go around . 
  so how will we shape up there ? 
  when the us , britain , france , germany , sweden etc are all fighting for a significantly smaller portion of the manufacturing , how will we measure up ? 
  we need low end jobs . 
  everyone does . 
  but the cost of doing business in * any * of our countries are chasing those away , and the real problem is hidden in aggregate statistics that lack the specificity needed to see the real problems . 
  i 'm not talking about the normal holidays for france . 
  i 'm talking about adding * new * days specifically to offset the number of hours worked in other weeks . 
  using * only those days * it would seem the point is to make it average to 35 hours a week . 
   the self-perpetuating , self-imposed european death spiral marches on . 
  i have n't really seen an option that would n't be some kind of death spiral . 
  increasing spending in many countries is n't an option ( loan rates are high ) and cutting spending hurts the neighbors . 
  it 's a catch-22 . 
  [ per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita ) you tend to be ranked 24th-25th . 
  california * by itself * has a gdp of $ 2 trillion . 
  france 's total is $ 2.7 trillion . 
  / r/europe loves hollande and france 's economic policies . 
  bad things happening in france = downvotes . 
  there 's also wiping back to front , front to back , and or back and forth . 
   sure but if the problem is a low consumer demand from europe , that seems strange to focus on this consumer market then . 
  a lot of times `` low consumer demand '' means `` low consumer demand at present market rates '' . 
  people still need tires , the question is whether the price is low enough to make it worth it for them to replace them on a tighter budget . 
   the size and market share of michelin , the subsidizes that exist in france , the average productivity of france , the belief that what he pretends to have seen in amiens is the norm in france .
