  * [ . . ] * anil de mello , who started mobuzz , a spanish online-video firm , in 2005 , watched his fledgling company implode with the onset of the financial crisis . 
  he thought bankruptcy would give him a new start . 
  but after business creditors were dealt with , spanish social security pursued him for five more years to extract repayment of severance money it had paid to the firm 's employees on his behalf . 
  * there is not a single part of that that is workable if you 're a startup . 
  6 months severance is laughable in the startup world . 
  most companies do n't even have that in reserves . 
   granted , i do n't know much about starting up a business . 
  but i ca n't believe the barriers in a developed country like denmark would be so high as to make it impossible . 
  1 ) taxes - when you 're a 1-2 year old business being taxed at 50 % means emptying your bank account by 50 % . 
  if you 've been spending hard that year ( the one not taxed yet ) it can mean emptying out more than 50 % . 
  if you ( for example ) bought some technology that cost 25 % of your bank account , then you get hit for 50 % taxes on the previous year , you are removing * 66.66 % * of what remains in the account . 
  you need reserves to pay employees if things go badly , so this severely hampers your ability to expand . 
  also having a 25 % vat tax competing against companies that do n't have vat , and you have to lower prices by 25 % just to be competing on an equal playing field with american companies . 
  2 ) employment law - europe has strong employee protections that make sense for large businesses capable of absorbing losses . 
  if you 're a start-up on the brink , it 's nothing but problems . 
  for a start-up employees are a major part of your cost . 
  individual employees can be 5-10 % of your revenue . 
  not being able to fire a bad hire for months ( if at all ) is absolutely catastrophic . 
  combine it with large mandated vacation days and restrictions on work hours ( meaning you ca n't `` work until it 's done '' ) and you have serious issues . 
  3 ) investors - the above 2 things make investors run for the hills . 
  especially in places where there is a high capital gains tax , the reasons for investing quickly disappear . 
  the whole advantage of startups is the potential for explosive growth and the ability to turn on a dime . 
  the 2 things i mentioned earlier severely impede those advantages . 
  taking away the potential return for the investor and then removing the reasons he would invest in a startup in the first place means that it 's much harder to get vc money . 
  we survived without taking vc , but for many companies that 's not possible . 
  ----------------------------------- though all of this , it 's important to realize one thing : running a startup is really , really hard and most startups will fail . 
  the ones that succeed will likely flirt with failure on more than one occasion . 
  while the things i mentioned seem minor to others , combined they are more than enough to push a good start-up over the edge and into the abyss . 
  i have known many good entrepreneurs who fled situations much better than denmark . 
   if you look at it from a current day startup angle , there are certainly drawbacks in europe , a lot of the issues are n't just drawbacks , they 're show-stoppers . 
   although people wo n't stop telling me how great the startup scene in berlin is . 
  berlin is doing better than the rest , but the scene is absolutely * pervasive * here . 
  it 's everywhere and i 'm not even in silicon valley . 
   i 'm not sure that is particularly relevant to the economy as a whole , since the startup sector seems to be too small to really matter except as a technological driver . 
  the german mittelstand / smes however , may not be startups in the current sense , but they 're doing quite well and provide 70 % of all private sector jobs . 
  they do provide significant employment here in and of themselves . 
  where i live is a horrible place for jobs right now , but a * huge * percentage of the people hiring are start-ups . 
  but more than that , startups are only startups for so long . 
  from startups comes things like google , groupon , twitter , facebook , and a plethora of other companies that employ tens of thousands of people . 
  it is not a coincidence that the us dominates the internet in many ways . 
  being friendly towards startups is how you get these large companies later and it also provides diversity to the economy so that if one sector crashes , you have employers everywhere else . 
  having one company provide 70 % of jobs is a dangerous situation economically . 
   while we will never know what would have happened to you in denmark , generally it 's not a matter of belief . 
  the usa have less social equality and less social mobility than denmark . 
  yes , but europe is not start-up friendly . 
  there 's been articles posted on it here before , but i ca n't find them right now . 
  europe is great if you want to be an employee and make a living that way . 
  it 's horrible if you want to * build something * . 
  employment laws in particular are made for large companies who can stomach losses , not nimble startups where a single employee may be 5-10 % of your revenue . 
  the taxation levels as well make growth very , very difficult . 
  you can sustain yourself at a small/moderate size , but actually * growing * is hard . 
  i live in california . 
  we practically live on european and australian entrepreneurs who decide they ca n't do business over there . 
  they come to visit , then end up staying for months and months . 
  america was never really intended to do all the footwork for you : it just gives you the room to do the footwork yourself . 
   does n't mean they 're right -- or at least not in the way capitalism currently exists in the us . 
  as i said before , you used to be different . 
  the idea was that economic progress is in the end beneficial to everyone , that everyone should receive a good education . 
  while we 've gotten off the right track somewhat , it 's really not that horrible . 
  our main universities are some of the best in the world and can be expensive , but we have tiers and tiers of them going down to community colleges that can be afforded by damn near anyone . 
  [ our per capita income and disposable income ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_per_capita_personal_income ) are some of the highest in the world . 
  some people benefit * more * , certainly . 
  but it 's all relative . 
   the very reason people came to america was to be free , to escape feudal rule or religious prosecution , to find their luck . 
  you 're rolling all that back and creating a new feudal rule . 
  like richard wilkinson [ 1 ] says : `` if americans want to live the american dream , they should go to denmark . '', 
  i * am * living the dream . 
  i run a business that is self-funded . 
  no loans , no venture capital , no nothing . 
  i 've never worked a day for anyone since i was 15 years old ( 9 years ago ) , and i never even graduated from university . 
  i now own businesses in 2 countries and employ a fair number of people and do quite well ( in theory the business is worth 8 figures ) . 
  it 's not as easy as it once was , but it 's still there . 
  i do n't believe i could have done what i did in denmark . 
  if anything has died about the american dream , it 's that people want it without having to improve themselves . 
  they want to be average but be treated as special . 
  they do n't want to go to school , they do n't want to learn the skills , they do n't want to take a risk . 
  they want their dream to be handed to them on a silver platter . 
   his argument would be that the us infrastructure is rotting , bridges are collapsing , no preparation for big storms ( both katrina and sandy ) , weak infrastructure . 
  if you just put some wooden posts to hold your power lines and do n't flood-proof your transformers , of course they 're gone in even a small storm . 
  us infrastructure is not great , but it 's not horrible . 
  it was a hurricane . 
  short of sinking the powerlines underground ( which we do many places ) we were not going to be able to stop this . 
  and the east coast is * not * an area generally hit by storms like this . 
   there 's a difference between getting the facts , seeing what is happening and understanding why the people do it , let it be done to them , is n't it ? 
  i understand what you 're saying , but i adamantly believe he does not have his facts right . 
  he has warped them utterly to fit into his preconception . 
   he is talking about cultural understanding . 
  you guys used to be the spearhead of mass democracy , champions of public education , fighter for freedom . 
  all that seems left is being capital 's bitch . 
  why do you let that happen ? 
  why do you keep falling for the nonsense of `` socialists '' ruining your country when the truth is staring into your face ? 
  a country bled by the rich and its military ventures . 
  it 's the same conflict we 've always had . 
  power of states vs power of national government , fermented and twisted over decades , fighting itself out in the subtext of nearly every issue we have on the national stage . 
  we made guarantees at the formation of our union to the southern states about the ability to leave and the power they would have . 
  while i believe the civil war was a just war because of the overriding abomination of slavery , we broke those promises . 
  they were n't allowed to leave and they were n't allowed to maintain power . 
  our history ever since then is the urban areas trying to push their point of view on the rural areas , and the rural areas responding with a kind of all encompassing oppositional defiance to the point where even a good view when forced on them is perceived is bad . 
  they lost the governmental war ( for power , not the civil war ) so what we 're seeing now is the governmental equivalent of guerilla warfare . 
  scattered victories and obstruction won for short amounts of time .
