  was friends with them , went to classes with them , and was in their homes . 
  yes . 
  the issue is education , not just the religion itself . 
  proofsters, 
  michigan . 
  metro detroit area . 
  there are bars in their neighborhoods , many even drink . 
  no one cares about the clothes that are worn , they pay their taxes , everything . 
  they 're just `` normal people '' who happen to be less likely than average to let you do a line of blow off their tits . 
  the area i lived in ? 
  it had a significant chaldean/jewish population , backed up against a muslim area . 
  no problems at all . 
   the us has a much smaller percentage of muslims than european countries , and because of its distance from majority-islamic nations has historically attracted better-educated ones . 
   yes , also known as `` the problem is not what the person i was replying to said it was '' . 
  there are people who are muslim and function just fine in western society . 
   does n't matter . 
  you will never integrate these people so long as they believe in their bullshit violent and sexist religion , which is completely opposite from what europeans and the remainder of the developed world believe . 
   uhh . . united states here . 
  we 've got a decent number of muslims , it 's going fine . 
  i grew up a few miles from a very peaceful ~ 50 % muslim area . 
   see it this way : why would you want someone to work , if he does n't ? 
  the quality of his work will be lower than a motivated worker , to a certain extent having people like them in the workforce become a cost . 
  uh yes i would absolutely still want them to work , even if they do n't want to . 
  * most * people do n't want to . 
  if the quality of his work is low he can do something mindless . 
  only because it does not taking very much effort to cripple the russian economy . 
  russia 's economy is weak and a one trick pony, 
  you are severely overestimating how many fucks the u.s. gives about russia . 
  the u.s. could do way more than they are in ukraine with no repercussions . 
  they choose not to . 
   russians did n't give money for violent maidan protests that took down legit elected government , as far as i remember . 
   oh fucking christ this is so twisted . 
  the money you 're referring to was allocated in the 90s , around half of it was earmarked for anti human trafficking , and it 's all gone . 
  maidan had mostly tires and boards . 
   oh and they are global players now , you cant deny that . 
  they 're a second tier regional power . 
  san francisco orangutang will be inbound today . 
  edit : assuming the sun comes out . 
   considering russia 's low foreign debt , russia could borrow itself out of the currency crisis ... 
  but yeah , this has nothing to do with russian adventures abroad . 
  easier said than done . 
  if you were loaning to russia , would you want to be repaid in rubles ? 
  it would open you up to a lot of potential disasters . 
  but if you 're russia and you agree to repay in euros or usd and fail to prop the ruble up , the size of the debt is going to functionally skyrocket . 
  it 's not that it 's directly tied ( it might be though ) , it 's that the sanctions cut off a lot of avenues the russian government could normally use to soften the blow . 
  their are restrictions on technology that prevent them from opening up a lot of new wells ( a response to low prices is higher volume ) and banking restrictions that prevent them from dealing in other currencies ( a response to the falling ruble ) . 
  i think they care more about how much you burn than they do how much is leftover in the tank . 
  you get it ( or most do ) , but it 's not mandatory . 
   it 's not that people in america do n't want to lift themselves from poverty ; it 's that they ca n't . 
  people are undereducated in poorest areas and their future options are bleak . 
  what you say is true for some people but also not true for many . 
  we 've got community colleges , night schools , trade schools , scholarships and everything in between for quite cheap . 
  you ca n't go to harvard making 30k/year with 2 kids , but there 's definitely realistic options that can help significantly . 
  if germany was controlling this shit show greece would be making payments . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  i live in san francisco and we call this `` tuesday '', 
  bro , do you even prep ? 
  syphilis is the std of the day . 
  that 's 1/3rd of my pre-tax income . 
  post-tax it 's significantly higher . 
  yay !, 
  misery loves company . 
  i hate you guys . 
  $ 2550 for a one bedroom . 
   true . 
  that means that the many eu armies are just 5 times stronger than their most powerful neighbour instead of being 10 times stronger - as they would be as a single military . 
  there is a difference but it is not very relevant . 
   the problem is that many of the eu armies are n't especially capable of operating by themselves either . 
  huge gaps in terms of supply lines and logistics , things like that . 
  without certain things even a decent standalone army is not especially useful . 
   again , true for deployments far from their countries . 
  for defence of europe their intelligence , logistics and supply capabilities are just fine . 
  . . and relies heavily on data sharing agreements , largely with the us . 
   i am not sure what additional security the usa is providing to europe . 
  what is that threat that would n't be as contained as it is now even if the usa were absent from europe ? 
  the european military potential outstrips any of its neighbours by an order fo magnitude . 
  there are 2 issues : 1 ) a single military is more powerful than multiple of equal spending or size . 
  in the latter there 's not the same level of coordination and more manpower and money goes into bureaucracy and things . 
  2 ) in the recent past it 's become pretty clear the europe has to rely heavily on the us for intelligence , logistics , and basic things like refueling and supply lines . 
  the ability of a lot of european militaries are spotty . 
   i do n't see how putin is stealing russia 's money , he raised them from shit they were in the 90s . 
  if someone similar to yelcin came instead putin , they would still be in shit . 
  ... putin really has n't achieved much aside from pumping dead dinosaurs out of the ground and a chance rise in price for those dead dinosaurs . 
  russia does n't have a diverse economy . 
   please , go on and say how russia wants to invade countries that are members of nato . 
  not one point in the history of nato has russia invaded a member . 
  because they ca n't . 
  because military spending . 
  not like they 're getting much more than that now . 
  it 'd just be making it official . 
  still not a nato action . 
  probably not . 
  but we would defend either enough to repel the attack . 
  there 'd just be more enthusiasm for france . 
  man to man the germans destroyed the russians . 
  the russians just had a fucking lot of people and were willing to lose however many it took . 
  the u.s. would lift a lot more than a finger . 
   as much as i 'd like to reassure you that the us would come to your aid as vigorously as we would for any other country , i think we all know that 's not really true . 
  not defending them means nato ends .
