  * note that it specifically disallows anything * other * than fiat currency . 
  edit : fixed link . 
   people do n't like change overall in europe as much as they like it america . 
  odd , i was unaware we were seen as embracing change . 
  news to me . 
   i disagree . 
  us law already allows people to create their own currencies . 
  no , we do n't . 
  that 's ron paul 's whole thing : making alternative currencies legal ( contrary to popular belief he does n't want to replace the fiat usd with the gold standard )  but even though people have attempted to create alternative currencies it has never taken off . 
  liberty dollars and e-gold both did quite well until they were raided . 
  there 's a couple others as well . 
   dissent is welcomed , but sinn ( ifo 's head ) becomes more and more politically than academically motivated , and this affects ifo 's output . 
  this is risky , and sch\u00e4uble is right when noting that . 
  dismissing it as `` more politically than academically motivated '' does n't sound like welcoming dissent , it sounds like a way to brush it aside without actually addressing it . 
  in the translation it does n't seem like the finance minister even disagrees with the content ... or if he did he did n't state why . 
  the impression i got was that he mostly just does n't want the euro or the current composition of the member states called into question . 
  doing so hurts germany 's continued ability to keep the euro boat afloat . 
   he is the minister and he knows more than anyone else that there is a big difference between theory and practice . 
  so what was the point in funding the research if he already knows all the answers and was going to get upset over anything that did n't agree with him ? 
   we do n't increase spending because our governments are laughable inept !, 
  or we wo n't increase spending because the government is not capable of moving the amount of cash that would be necessary to restart the economy . 
  the government was supposed to save in good times so that it would have the needed reserves for the bad . 
  but we did n't . 
  so instead the government entered the crisis near it 's spending capacity and can not raise it 's spending enough past that to make an impact . 
  this is n't the 1930 's . 
  `` building a road '' is not 3,000 people employed anymore . 
  it 's 100 people and a machine . 
  that does not scale well . 
   economists will tell you that the stimulus was too small , they 're right . 
  * some * economists . 
   i was talking about the manufacturing part . 
  i misunderstood . 
   it is hard to compete with people who do n't really follow basic humans rights . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  if you ca n't compete in manufacturing ( which truthfully the us ca n't for much longer either ) , you 're locking down on the financial sector , and you 're not a huge part of the tech sector . . well , there 's not much left . 
   whatever . 
  it matters . 
   yeah , that 's the obstacle about trading in foreign countries . 
  we can trade fine in europe , we just ca n't hire there . 
  and europe is worse than either canada or the us for hiring . 
   yes , it is . 
  unless you consider human rights a burdensome law . 
  there is no universal human right of `` the right not to get fired if you 're bad at your job '' . 
   that 's fresh from the guy who spews economical clich\u00e9s about southern european countries . 
  it 's not a cliche , it 's a commonly repeated truth . 
   heck , i do n't need you to tell me that my country sucks , to know it . 
  i do n't want this to be that personal . 
  i do n't think portugal sucks , i think they 're not competitive . 
   yeah , sure . 
  god forbid you actually use your lawyers . 
  we use them far too often already . 
  it 's a large expense as-is ... and we have to deal with them in 2 different countries . 
  we are not made of money . 
  legal expenses matter . 
  but point blank : if i do n't have to , i 'm not going to . 
  and there is no compelling reason to do business in europe that makes it worth it . 
  complying with laws in 2 countries is difficult enough , and you 're typically nailed to the wall if you 're a foreigner in a foreign court . 
  i run a business . 
  i am not a full time regulatory paperwork signer . 
   different problems . 
  no , it 's really not . 
   again we need more sustainable businesses and less bubble-like investments . 
  we have no investors . 
  we 've been cash positive since day 1 . 
  all of our money is from our own profit . 
  we are not alone in this . 
  it 's about as far from a bubble as you can get . 
  of course there will always be the `` instagrams '' or whatever in the technology world , but nowadays they are the minority . 
  just because you do n't get it and your country is n't good at it does n't mean it 's a bubble ; it just means you 're ill-informed . 
   it puts the burden of proof in the company instead of the worker . 
  and it endangers the jobs of everyone else at the company . 
  i can not allow that to happen . 
  it would be tremendously irresponsible to put us in a position like that . 
   we do n't . 
  you pretty clearly do . 
  europe is not competitive in the digital economy and europe is not competitive in the manufacturing economy . 
  as they start to lock down on their financial economy , that does n't leave many options left unless you 're a resource rich country . 
   we already have our share of nasty bubbles . 
  the bubble burst a decade ago , and yet starts-ups are still going strong . 
  it 's no longer a bubble , it 's just business . 
  it 's also worth noting that portugal and to a lesser extent italy did not really have massive bubbles . 
  they just had chronically bad growth ( aka : was not competitive ) which eventually led to contraction and recession as the rest of the world dealt with their real estate bubbles . 
  it was a bust without a boom . 
   haha . 
  nope , your job is to make money . 
  and with a happy/skilled staff , that 's not difficult . 
  money is the goal , but my responsibility is to the people who work for me . 
   ` welp , i failed at recruiting people , can i not be accounted for it and simply be able to write a 200 worded polite `` fuck off '' ? ', 
  sometimes employees do n't work out . 
  sometimes it 's my fault , sometimes it 's theirs . 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's a problem and the responsible thing to do is fix it ... and that european law will not let you do this . 
  that is the bottom line and the only thing that matters . 
   bzzt . 
  wrong . 
  it 's a bad place for `` start ups '' , venture capitalists and whatnot . 
  and that might not be a bad thing . 
  ah yes , europe clearly can afford to throw jobs in new industries away . 
  with such a fantastic youth unemployment rate , who needs to care about `` the internet '' and `` start ups '' ? 
  one of the more successful entrepreneurs i know is from portugal . 
  he went from losing money to making 8 figures a year .
