  pig 's feet , pig stomach lining , ham hocks , turkey necks , grits ? 
   if you 're discounting language for europe , the usa 's linguistic differences get discounted . 
  i 'm not discounting anything . 
  i gave it as a legitimate reason that it was `` greater in general '' . 
  holy shit you guys are high strung . 
  i apparently have to disagree with the entirety of a statement and do so absolutely and there is no other way to be . 
   does that not prove my point that the eu is significantly more culturally diverse than the united states of america . 
  my point is n't necessarily directly countering the idea that the eu is more diverse at it 's varying extremes , it was more that the states are sufficiently diverse as to be comparable to countries within the eu . 
   please find me an example of a us president undertaking such a thorough persecution of the unique texan society , culture , language , and history . 
  i was not aware we were going to have a persecute-off , or that showing persecution was the point here i have n't even been saying the us is more extremely diverse than the eu . 
  i 've been saying the differences between the states are comparable to countries in the eu . 
  good answer :-), 
  no , i 'd say that the catalans are more serious . 
  but i do n't think their culture is further removed from spain than some us states are from others . 
  edit : further thought , i 'd say catalonia is more different . 
  other examples still hold . 
   i think its fair to say the differences between eu countries are significantly more than cold war politics . 
  in general ? 
  of course . 
  but when you 're talking eastern and western eu countries the topic of `` spheres of influence '' are unavoidable and significant . 
  they were effectively cultural barriers . 
   are you kidding me ? 
  i would argue that the difference between madrid and catalunya or ibiza or tenerife or galicia is far greater than the difference between a texan and a person from wisconsin [ and they 're the same country ( spain ) which is like the size of texas ] . 
  so argue it . 
  how so ? 
   so you would argue the difference between new mexico and massachusetts is comparable to the difference between , lets say , france and lithuania ? 
  no , but i 'd certainly pit them against ireland and the uk or italy and france . 
  there 's certain divides ( largely dictated by cold war politics ) that make certain regions of the eu more distinct/different than states . 
  but i 'd say there 's a fair number of countries more similar than many of our states . 
   i would argue the differences between the different countries of the eu are far greater than the different states of the usa . 
  greater in general , yes ( largely because of languages ) . 
  but there are many countries more similar than different states in the us . 
  compare texas to california or new mexico to massachusetts or louisiana and there is n't a whole lot in common . 
  we speak the same language and live in the same country , but each culture is * very * different . 
  different values , accents , food , priorities , politics , religious breakdowns , mannerisms , words , and anything else you can name . 
  we 're spread across similar distances as well . 
   in the usa however , emigration from state to state is comprehensively different than emigration from outside the usa to inside the usa . 
  yes , it 's similar to the schengen agreement . 
  and likewise someone born in new york who moves to california is not considered an immigrant . 
   sure about that when it comes to , say , ad customers ? 
  you could end up on a black list that eu companies are n't allowed to buy ad space from . 
  that 's a possibility , but the `` best case '' for compliance is that they would cripple the eu ad buying page and americans would have the advantage when advertising into the eu . 
  the `` worst case '' is that ad networks simply stop publishing * where * they get their information from . 
   the internet being international wo n't save you , there , and losing a market as big and more affluent than the us is n't a panacea . 
  no , but it would give us buyers a huge advantage advertising in the eu . 
  what i 'm describing is n't a new concept , it happens already . 
  when something becomes illegal in the us , all the us ad buyers start pushing it internationally and all the eu and israeli ad buyers start pushing it in the united states . 
  maybe with a physical product , sure . 
  when your `` product '' is a website though ? 
  every website on the planet does n't have an obligation to know eu laws and filter eu customers/visitors . 
   if running these services is n't profitable due to regulations , how can contractors make it so ? 
  i was just going over what you can/can ' t do without a business entity int he eu . 
  contractors would n't make them more profitable . 
   to whom do they sell that info ? 
  advertisers primarily . 
  sometimes other membership sites who want to know more about their users . 
  political campaigns in the us also make heavy use of the profiling , not sure if it 's the same in the eu . 
   please do correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't think you can do business in the eu without a physical subsidiary for tax purposes . 
  what do you mean `` do business '' ? 
  if you have a physical location you need a subsidiary . 
  you can have customers in the eu without any kind of physical presence at all . 
  you can also do things like hire contractors without a physical presence . 
  it 's even more simple in this case as with many of the companies that track users ( not google/facebook , i 'm talking about ones you 'll never hear of unless you 're in the industry ) all you are is a visit to the website in the form of a javascript load or a pixel ... and i do n't think there 's much debate around the idea you do n't need a physical eu presence to have one of their citizens visit your website . 
   why are the corporations getting a say again ? 
  those lobbyist vultures should get the hell away from any kind of law making . 
  i would say most likely : because they need to keep these companies in the eu ( as in a physical presence ) for the law to have any impact . 
  most of the biggest companies ( google , facebook , etc ) have irish locations for tax reasons . 
  if the law is so harsh that the potential lost revenue outweighs the tax incentives they 're taking advantage of the companies will leave and the eu will not be able to enforce the law they make . 
  companies not located in the eu are n't going to be following this law , so chasing the companies out of the eu does no one any good . 
  uk , get the fuck out , please . 
  go & join some other union . 
  maybe the union of retarderd city bankers . 
  protip : this is being cut because they could n't touch france 's agriculture subsidies . 
  hollande even said before hand that those were essentially off the table . 
  with those gone , there 's only a few places left to take funding from to reduce the budget as the uk wanted . 
  this was one of them . 
  tldr ; uk is responsible for the fact there are cuts , not responsible for what the cuts ended up being . 
   greece did n't `` fuck it up '' - greece did n't have the infrastructure to compete with big economic powers like germany under a single currency , you ca n't blame anyone for that , but of course , the blame has to land somewhere , so why not the greek populace ? 
  the result ? 
  no room to manoeuvre , and all the burden to solve the financial crisis put on their shoulders , despite the fact that they had nothing to do with it . 
  the solution from the eu ( especially germany ) ? 
  more austerity !, 
  you 're bailing them out after all , and they have to stop being so lazy and get back to work !, 
  that 's why the golden dawn party became newsworthy . 
  because when people are hungry and desperate , and the powers that be tell them to tighten their belts even more , and make more money , they start acting a little crazy . 
  greece absolutely fucked it up . 
  they had a hugely bloated public sector largely as a result of [ clientelism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clientelism ) - they essentially offered solid government jobs to their constituents in exchange for votes . 
  beyond that they had a culture of corruption that encouraged non-payment of taxes on all levels ( it 's not uncommon to ask for a transaction `` without a receipt '' as a part of bargaining ) that left them unable to pay for their welfare state and tremendous public sector . 
  greece fucked up majorly . 
  errr ... the constitution lays out how our government functions , what the different bodies are , what their responsibilities are , and things of that nature . 
  i do n't think it 's odd that a 1st world country has a consistent structure to their government , and that changes to that structure must be legally changed . 
  that 's kind of how governments work . 
  i mean , i do n't think it 's * good * , but i kind of love it . 
  it 's amateur , yet polished . 
  jedward made me laugh hysterically . 
  just kidding . 
  i do n't live in europe . 
  but if i did , it would be because of how impressed i was with eurovision . 
   equality of opportunity , not strictly equal numbers in the first place . 
  the point of quotas is to get rid of the cultural impediments for women to get good positions in the workplace .
