  if you are a u.s. politi and support destroying nato you will be strung up by your proverbial nuts from a light post and no one will be charged for the crime . 
  we would defend the baltics . 
  iraq was not a nato action . 
   when i was at sea world in san diego in 2010 , there was a fucking `` honor our troops '' video played before the orca show started . 
  san diego is a huge military town . 
  that 's not typical elsewhere . 
  source : lived there for 4 years . 
   but most soldiers are just the same as in the usa : too dumb to get any other job , unlucky , born in east germany ( no jobs around there ) or love to shoot guns . 
  you certainly can get into some part of the military under those conditions , but many branches ( air force in particular ) are quite selective . 
  regional stability in one of the only places wealthy enough to buy our products is pretty fucking important for the u.s , even if you do n't care about the relative peace nato has brought us . 
  proofster . 
  the question is always a single percentage * of what * , based on money they made from * where * , and how was * where * determined ? 
  international taxes are insanely complex , even when there 's no ill will . 
   `` if they stick to their refusal , it will come across as if they have more to lose than to win by being transparent about the way they fulfil their legal obligations in europe , '' warned committee chairman alain lamassoure . 
  there 's not a business on the planet that wants to be transparent about taxes - and not just because `` they 're wrong '' . 
  taxes are incredibly complicated , especially as they begin to bridge multiple countries . 
  if a government wants to find something wrong , they will . 
  the best accounting department in the world and the best cpa in the world is n't going to prevent that . 
  also : if the eu was serious about this they 'd be getting the accounting/tax guys to come in . 
  not the ceos . 
   of course you would , you 'd go to war over a dropped doughnut , a certain sector of america loves war and many of us do n't but still understand the importance of defending nato . 
   the american public 's attitude toward nato belies the u.s. role in the organization . 
  u.s. defense expenditures account for 73 percent of the defense spending of the alliance as a whole . 
  and this is among the highest proportion of total alliance security spending since the early 1950s . 
  but only 49 % of americans express a favorable opinion of the security organization . 
  this is unchanged from 2013 but down from 54 % in 2010 and 2011 . 
  meanwhile , the proportion of americans who say they have an unfavorable view of nato has grown from 21 % in 2010 to 31 % in 2015 . 
  we would still go to war for nato . 
  there is no doubt in my mind whatsoever , and any politician who said otherwise would never serve again . 
  [ only 37 % ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2015/06/russia-ukraine-report-27.png ) would be against a military response . 
  we 're more in favor of it than * poland * . 
  there 's a lot of legitimate complaints about the us , but we will go to bat for our allies and die for them . 
  and we will absolutely support nato . 
  i suppose i should stop calling people lobsterbacks then . 
   you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  game of thrones . 
   also is yank an insult used for americans ? 
  because it does n't offend us . 
  seriously . 
  it 's like calling me a cracker or a honkey . 
  i 'm just going to laugh a little . 
  bros ? 
  do you get the whole nato thing ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  there are foreign exchange limitations on russia right now , and no one wants to get a loan denominated in a the ruble because it 's unstable . 
  that 's all that 's happening here . 
  yes . 
  and before they `` diversified '' in currencies they ca n't now . 
  the yuan is better than the ruble . 
  it 's not the best currency though . 
  crimea was n't about a warm port . 
  it was about warning other satellite states about what happens when you leave their sphere of influence . 
  the deleted comments to this post are epic . 
  keep em coming . 
  then going . 
  australia ? 
  germany ? 
  france ? 
  poland ? 
  japan ? 
  i like the part where they pretend this is an intentional choice and not russian banks being sanctioned and having difficulty acquiring other currencies . 
  it will be interesting to see these lawsuits land . 
  there 's bound to be real grounds for the lawsuits in * most * countries . 
  if everyone did this it would be fifa to it 's knees . 
  you create a deterrent so you do n't have to worry about a russian invasion . 
  it is precisely * because we 're powerful and prepared * that we do n't have to worry . 
  beyond that , russia does n't consider creating a rebel state an invasion . 
   of course it does matter . 
  if nato is afraid of russia invading , then saying `` nato is afraid of russia '' invading is not patronising . 
  and if nato is n't afraid of russia invading , then why does the us promise to install those new military bases in europe and screams how eu is n't spending enough on military ? 
  what 's that all about ? 
  1 ) deterrent . 
  2 ) there are people on both sides who think the us would n't interfere if russia messed with the baltics . 
  it 's a way of reassuring our allies , even if we do n't think something will happen . 
  3 ) it creates a presence that can be used in case a new `` rebel state '' pops up somewhere . 
   come on . 
  like we have n't known that fifa is corrupt as heck for decades ... ca n't strip a world cup based on suspicion . 
  got ta have a court case . 
  which we do now . 
  what is switzerland 's policy on extraditing swiss citizens ? 
   you do n't know how anti-american the iranian people are if you think there is a chance of normalization . 
   normalization is n't allies necessarily . 
  also if sanctions get listed people will probably be significantly more positive in the medium term . 
   besides that , america 's goal is not to stabilize the middle east . 
  it 's to divide and control it . 
  we want cheap oil . 
  that 's it . 
  we get that through stability . 
  that 's why we will back a dictator until he appears to be unable to control his population , then turn on him . 
  his sole asset was stability , and he lost it . 
  so he goes . 
  even talking with iran is a major step for the us . 
  if the nuclear issue is * successfully * handled there 's a decent chance of normalization in the next decade or so . 
  and with that taking russia 's only stable ally in the region . 
   that 's great . 
  but it can be just as good of a deterrent on the current ( or even smaller ) budget . 
   no it ca n't . 
  especially because a lot of baltic countries are not convinced that the us will enter into a war if they get attacked ... and many in russia agree . 
  particularly if it 's a hybrid war similar to ukraine . 
  europe will never have to stand on it 's own ( as far as i 'm concerned ) , but it should be able to obviously stand on it 's own to dissuade those who may disagree .
