  no , but that 's also not how wages work . 
  wages rise in an area until they 're uncompetitive for a given industry , then that work moves elsewhere . 
  then the wages rise there until the same thing occurs there . 
  that cycle is why india/china are not really `` cheap '' compared to what they once were , and why china is looking to africa for resource extraction . 
  if you guys actually did that a lot of companies would see the eu as a risk and simply not release there at all . 
  no company is going to risk doing business somewhere that may seize all their profits . 
  what makes you think it 's arbitrary ? 
  there 's a huge number of potential reasons for this inc luring domestic laws , credit card processing , music/video licensing and high rates of credit card fraud . 
  question : how many countries in the eu are confirmed to be using our data or have intelligence sharing agreements with us ? 
  i 'd hate to see this derailed by countries worried about their own domestic programs . 
  i love you guys so much right now . 
   i could n't imagine doing my work without google . 
  i could n't imagine the eu economy surviving without google . 
  but i could imagine google , facebook , ... paying unprecedented fines for this cockup . 
  google probably feels the same about it 's irish tax shelter . 
  i would n't worry too much . 
   it already is a thing for smaller things like simple dedicated servers or even something like a vserver . 
  yeah , but those are honestly light years away from us cloud capabilities ( for the most part ) . 
  there 's been a trend of places just renaming their vps servers `` cloud '' servers . 
  looking past the buzz , the significance of the cloud is scalability : software that can increase/decrease the number of servers in a pool seamlessly , while only billing for the time used . 
  most i 've found in europe you 're paying for the month and ca n't programmatically increase/decrease server numbers . 
  right now it 's more gimmick then technology * most * places outside the us ( though not all ) . 
   and if people continue to distrust the us in such matters , somebody will so something . 
  i hope so !, 
  i deal with servers damn near everywhere . 
  there 's `` clouds '' in europe , but nothing quite on par with us based cloud computing that we 've found . 
  there 's 2 companies that have the capability : [ ovh ] ( http://www.ovh.com/ ) in the uk/france and [ hetzner ] ( http://www.hetzner.de/en/ ) who currently do n't have a cloud but do have huge computing power for cheap . 
  none of the european clouds that we 've tested are quite on par ( we have n't tested ovh though , to be fair ) and places like australia are in the stone age . 
  if distrust of us cloud computing takes off , i can easily see it developing more in certain countries ( bulgaria , romania , france , germany , and a few others with cheap bandwidth ), 
  they really ca n't . 
  and [ they appear pretty resentful of having to give up the information ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/08/technology/tech-companies-bristling-concede-to-government-surveillance-efforts.html?hp&amp;_r=0 ) so i 'd wager if their choice came down to lobbying in europe to stop the law i mentioned or lobbying in the us ( where they 're stronger ) to end this , they 'd probably lobby in the us . 
  if it was anyone other than the likes of google and dropbox i 'd say the opposite , but i think there 's a chance here . 
  it would be interesting if europe made it illegal for a company in europe to export data to a foreign intelligence agency or something like that . 
  facebook , google , all of them have offices * somewhere * in europe . 
  generally pretty sizable ones . 
  edit : it also worth noting that they 're probably quite protective of their irish offices . 
  threat of losing them may force them into action . 
   if it means convincing a few young men to go die ... than so be it . 
  i do n't approve of proactive war . 
  neither do i. 
  it 's an unfortunate reality we do that . 
   only defensive , which the usa has n't done for awhile . 
  yes , partially because the us is so overwhelmingly powerful there 's no point to attacking the us or anyone under their protection . 
   my company does the exact same thing , scraping through facebook and twitter awesome . 
  i am also heavily involved in web scraping . 
   well , it actually really depends . 
  my company does the exact same thing , scraping through facebook and twitter to build a relationship graph ( for marketing purposes ) . 
  if that 's what the nsa was doing ... i do n't have much of a problem with them scraping publicly available data . 
  they 're getting internal messages and whatnot though . 
  so it 's not just external data scraping ( though they do that to ) . 
  there 's only 4 real options here : 1 ) sitting upstream from facebook , hooked into most of the major internet backbones ( combined with some way to duck ssl ) 2 ) breaking into facebook . 
  3 ) facebook is lying . 
  4 ) exploiting the legitimate methods in which law enforcement can gain access to facebook 's data . 
   user info from facebook worth noting as well that they did n't have to ask for facebook 's data . 
  they just got it ... and if you believe facebook , did so without their knowledge . 
  the falklands ? 
  there was no nato action at all for the falklands . 
  only willing to die for you guys ... what kind of ally is that ? 
  odd you say that considering we 're the primary military force of nato and as such are bound to go to war against anyone attacking a nato state . 
  last i checked that 's an ally . 
  they 're stretching and redefining words in fisa and the patriot act to make this work . 
  they 're broad laws but not this broad . 
   true , but you can hardly blame the commission for not wanting to touch this particular issue with a stolen hand on the end of a ten-foot pole . 
  it 's explosive enough as it is , and this is not the right time to barge into it . 
  maybe later , depending on how things develop . 
  i think it 's the perfect time to barge in . 
  the us government will never end this thing for privacy reasons , but they * may * end it for economic reasons . 
  if there was any kind of backlash in europe even being discussed there 's a decent chance this would be out the door ... but it only has a chance * now * when there 's some level of public pressure to piggy back on . 
  fair does n't change based on a vote . 
  not in the us . 
  they keep taxing you , even if you live elsewhere and are paying taxes elsewhere . 
  we 're one of the only countries ( the other is eritrea ) that taxes based on citizenship . 
  if they decide you gave up your citizenship for tax reasons they will never allow you into the united states again for any reason ... * and * they charge a [ expatriation tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expatriation_tax ) when you leave . 
   well , it 's not exactly the same , since they established offices in ireland because of the low taxes , which is inevitably also going to upset people . 
  but just because people are upset about both a and b does n't mean that a and b are the same . 
  it 's not as if a lot of companies have a significant part of their business in places like andorra or the cayman islands . 
  it 's not technically the same , but both approaches are legal , both will get you derided in the press , and most people honestly do n't know the difference between the two . 
   well , not in andorra , that 's for sure . 
  take your pick out of the rest . 
  that 's exactly what companies like facebook and google are doing in ireland , and they 're taking just as much flack for that . 
   unless you actually earned that money in the low tax country , you 're basically paying that country to help you avoid paying taxes in the country where you actually conduct your business . 
  for a lot of businesses nowadays `` where you actually conduct your business '' is a pretty big gray area . 
  if i have a sales team in canada , an owner and programmers in the united states , a call center in india , designers from the ukraine , and have most of my customers based on western europe , where am i `` actually conducting business '' ? 
  this is the reality of modern international business , especially on the internet . 
  it gets even more complicated when certain functions exist in multiple countries but work with other non-duplicated functions of a parent company . 
   a country is not a supermarket . 
  it is a collective that has in most cases provided the education , the infrastructure , the workforce that allows these people to get rich in the first place . 
  so by that logic , we should n't allow emigration , right ? 
  are n't you essentially stealing from your own country if you leave ? 
   which basically amounts to taking other countries ' money . 
  in the same way buying an apple computer is stealing from microsoft , yes . 
  i rent a lot of servers in a lot of countries ... even datacenters in au get miserable bandwidth at a miserable price . 
  good to finally know why . 
   it 's the majority and you know it . 
  what an argument . 
  i bow to your skills of rhetoric sir . 
   asians in the us managed to get to the top in 2 to 3 generations . 
  15 % is n't a huge number . 
  you 're delusional . 
  asians also were n't kept legally and socially from obtaining any kind of wealth , influence , or education for 350 years .
