  just tldr do n't assume other countries do n't have cultural differences inside of them !, 
  i 'm not saying that other countries do n't have cultural differences inside of them though . 
  my point was mostly that the different states are akin to the different countries in europe . 
  going from , for example , belgium to germany seems right on par . 
  americans may not know too much about the netherlands ( 41,530 km \u00b2 , population 16,696,000 ) , but europeans may not know much about michigan ( 250,500 km \u00b2 , population 9,876,187 ) ... and the cultures between states can vary enough that blanket knowledge of `` the united states '' does n't cut it any more than blanket knowledge of `` europe '' does . 
  we are one nation , but we are not really very similar . 
   there is no better breakfast than an english fry-up , including the slightly-fried tomato . 
  i challenge any culture to show me a superior meal to start to the day . 
  red bull and a quesadilla . 
  wait : a steak quesadilla . 
  with pico de gallo . 
  yes . 
   it would be the same difference , that a southern german state would have to for example one in the north . 
  it 's not . 
  places like alabama and california are really not even similar aside from language . 
  they 're over 2100 miles away . 
  different people , different culture , different food , different values , different accents , different brand names , different everything . 
  the only thing your vote can ever do is counteract mine . 
  odd , the first several reactions i saw specifically said things like `` humanity , fuck yeah ! '', 
   nope it would n'tm because the individual states of the europe are individual countries while the us is one nation . 
  this kind of hammers his point in actually . 
  how similar do you think places like georgia are to california ? 
  or texas to michigan ? 
  social mobility is not really a measurement of the competitiveness of a nation . 
  it 's certainly desirable , but it 's not the same . 
   i have n't downvoted anyone today to be clear . 
  and i never downvote anyone responding to my post in a useful manner like yours . 
  ok cool . 
  apologies then . 
  the vote came in right before your reply so i figured it was you . 
   i just ca n't forget the fact that they have been blind for 8 years and then it was too late to prevent anything which is why europe is pretty much fucked up for the next decade to come . 
  i ca n't really disagree with you here ... and really it * should n't * be forgotten . 
  the entire situation really is n't fair . 
  i just also have trouble faulting them for doing their job better than they did in the past . 
   they have n't lost enough credibilty for their mistakes of the past . 
  otherwise they would n't exist anymore . 
  they exist because no one with greater credibility has come along that does it better . 
   but because all of them fucked up just as bad as the others they can still do their business this is accurate . 
   and greece never was creditworthy , i mean their consumer spending grew from 99,83 bil $ in 2001 to 169,12 bil $ in 2008 when they started to ask question and do their job . 
  so you do n't like it when they do n't downgrade people they should , and do n't like it when they change and * do * downgrade the people they should ? 
  and by the way : do n't downvote the people you 're talking to . 
  they just do it back to you . 
  let your text do the speaking . 
  edit : op did not downvote me . 
  my mistake . 
   they have failed when they were needed . 
  yes , and because of that they are given less credibility than they had . 
  a downgrade before the financial crisis would have been much more catastrophic . 
   from here on out they 're purpose is to make things worse . 
  and i have my doubts that it was n't on purpose in the first place . 
  i think you are assigning human personality characteristics to a non-person . 
  while they * are * probably going to make things worse , their purpose is not to make things better : their purpose is to assess credit worthiness . 
  do you really thing that the places downgraded so far like greece were creditworthy ? 
  * pre-emptive generic ratings agency reply : * ----------------------------- no creating a new ratings agency wo n't help , yes it sucks how many are in the us , and yes they fucked up majorly heading into the financial crisis . 
  you can not create an agency with the sole purpose of counteracting ones that downgrade you or `` creating a balanced view '' , because people will ignore it . 
  ratings agencies are only worth the faith someone has in them , and the only type that will be trusted less than the ones that exist are ones created for the explicit purpose of making things better in europe . 
   you fail to deal with a situation that does n't even concern you without stress . 
  even if i did n't feel some kind of compassion for those already affected : you guys are 1/3rd of the consumer market . 
  it impacts literally everyone . 
  i fail to see the humor in widespread unemployment and all of the suffering this crisis has created . 
  not if you want to be able to pay for all those loans that are becoming a problem . 
  whether or not you like them , they and their employees are where government revenue comes from . 
  you can not collect enough money to pay off debts from the unemployed or the public sector . 
  you know ... intentional mass starvations by stalin ? 
  4.5 million + dead in the ukraine ? 
  the power grab was more in trying to reduce the influence of the supreme court , purging anyone who was not a supporter of his from institutions , and generally arranging the state for a long-term undemocratic presence with no constitutional controls on his power . 
  getting rid of the president was just the final stage . 
  at least that is my understanding of it . 
   it 's funny because nobody in the foreign press wrote that it 's a power grab anymore once the suspended president received 87 % of the votes against him . 
  with this impeachment vote he lost any shadow of legitimacy he may have , home & abroad . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the president told his supporters to stay home . 
  that 87 % figure is that high for that reason . 
  that 's one of the most intellectually dishonest points i 've seen in this subreddit . 
   a political figure urging his supporters to not vote is an undemocratic gesture , unprecedented in any civilized eu country . 
  an interesting accusation when the `` civilized '' eu countries seem relatively convinced this entire effort is nothing but a power grab from an undemocratic politician . 
   of course not ... many are criminal , nevertheless i think that sicily would n't cause what is happening ... from an economic point of view . 
  i think sicily is just serving as an example of a broader problem . 
  early reports about greece were rife with similar stories . 
   i 'm no lawyer but i think this hinges on what `` legal tender '' means . 
  the law does not mention legal tender . 
  it just has to be `` any coins of gold or silver or other metal '' that is `` intended for use as current money '' . 
   what is a fact is that people have set up many local currencies in the us without trouble . 
  not backed by a metal like gold and not with any scale . 
   the liberty dollar is a completely different issue . 
  you have on tape the creator of the dollar telling a cashier ( who obviously is n't empowered to accept non us currencies ) that `` this is the new 20 dollar piece '' strongly implying that it is legal us dollars . 
  that 's fraud plain and simple . 
  that individual video was certainly not the cause of his arrest . 
  and liberty dollar was not the only instance of a competing currency being raided . 
  either way , we 're getting off the topic at hand : the point is that yes , competing non-fiat currencies are illegal in the us . 
  yeah , i linked to the wrong one . 
  it 's fixed . 
  alright , that 's hard to argue with . 
   [ 1 ] http://www.clevelandfed.org/research/commentary/1998/0401.pdf the * cleveland * fed put something out . 
  and they do not get to influence the fbi who actually does the raiding of any significantly sized currency . 
   in the video the fraud is clear : he 's leading people to believe that their legitimate tender for us dollar denominated debts when in fact they are not . 
  it 's fraud plain and simple . 
  i ca n't watch the video ( at work ) , but liberty dollars were clearly not us currency . 
  [ the paper money was n't even remotely similar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:liberty_dollar.jpeg ) , and the coins do n't look like like anything we 've produced in almost 100 years . 
  ------------------------- [ here is the law they were violating ] ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/486 ) * whoever , except as authorized by law , makes or utters or passes , or attempts to utter or pass , any coins of gold or silver or other metal , or alloys of metals , intended for use as current money , * ** whether in the resemblance of coins of the united states or of foreign countries , or of original design ** , * shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years , or both .
