  if you do n't think that has a huge impact on the culture/mindset/values of a community , * you 're * delusional . 
   and as i said before , the tiny minority ca n't make up for the rest of us blacks . 
  1 ) let 's be perfectly clear here - you 're no longer talking in terms of integration or anything like that ... us blacks have * none * of their original culture left . 
  it 's outright racism . 
  2 ) it 's not a `` tiny minority '' of us blacks that are fine . 
  it 's a minority that 's a problem . 
  most are perfectly fine people . 
  3 ) if 15 % of blacks in this country moved up in class * every generation * ( a huge number ) since the end of segregation we 'd still be sitting at ~ 45 % blacks essentially in poverty . 
  what problems exist are poor problems ( for the reason i described ) , not black problems . 
  there 's no issues with african blacks in the us . 
  most crime and whatnot is associated with the descendants of slaves . 
   those who leave ca n't make up for the rest , especially if the rest breeds like rabbits . 
  once upon a time in the 1920s this was said about the irish catholics coming to the us . 
  eventually ( a few generations in ) this was shown to not be the case . 
  their birth rate dropped to roughly normal ... and it turns out they integrated just fine ( [ another huge concern of the era ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kclwfg1yeii/ul4hioslkoi/aaaaaaaaaam/njvtx-uldju/s1600/untitled.png ) ), 
   i 've never heard about a case of blacks successfully integrating into any society . 
  in the us there 's very little issue with people who came recently from africa . 
  the crime rates and whatnot for us are mostly from descendants of slaves . 
   oh if only that were true , sadly that is not actually the case most of the time . 
  why just a few days ago i 've read about some republican politician that when referring to obamacare he said `` obamacare is going to destroy the greatest healthcare delivery system ever created '' ( i 'm quoting from memory so it might not be word for word exact ) . 
  politicians are different from the right-wing voters . 
  the voters can be a bit critical of things like our healthcare system , but they wo n't accept a right wing politician who is . 
   truth is when most americans talk about how the usa is # 1 they are n't actually speaking about global influence , but actually about cultural superiority . 
  i disagree strongly with that . 
  we do n't even have a solid , uniform culture . 
   that is only true if you yourself make it so . 
  if you act like you 're just off the boat even if you 've been born here than yes , if you integrate and act like everyone else that 's not true at all . 
  oddly we do n't really have problems with people integrating . 
  it happens a couple generations in , and i 'm inclined to think it will be the same in europe . 
  back in the 1920 's the sentiment was that the irish culture was incompatible with our own . 
  that faded after a few generations . 
   you ca n't seriously complain about nationalists when you come from the country where the absurd statements like `` usa is the greatest nation in the world . '', 
  are held as truths self-evident . 
  there 's a certain degree of pride in being a superpower , for sure . 
  whenever i hear that statement i think about it in terms of global influence , not just `` we 're automatically better at everything and our culture is superior '' . 
  i may have used the wrong word in my initial statement though . 
  in the us , the perception ( imo ) is that the country is superior , but not that the people inside of it are inherently superior . 
  we lack a common biological makeup , so * if * you deem us superior you ca n't tie it to anything inherent . 
  it 's how all the pieces come together , not the pieces themselves . 
  it seems that after 2 generations in a european country , you 're still defined by whatever you started as . 
  here ? 
  not so much . 
  you 're thoroughly `` americanized '' ( or at least considered american ) 2nd generation in ... whether you want to be or not . 
  out of curiosity : what percent of the immigrants , or more specifically the immigrants in this city do you think are rioting ? 
  if it 's a city of 11,000 and a substantial percentage were on board for this they 'd have an army and not a riot . 
   / r/europe [ 1 ] sadly seems to become that subreddit with every passing day . 
  it 's simultaneously terrifying and heart-breaking . 
  i agree it 's sad ... but at least from the american perspective it 's been an interesting road . 
  the european right wing is just so different from our own , and we 're not regularly exposed to it . 
  it 's been a real eye-opener . 
  they lack the business orientation and religious fervor of the american right , but double the nationalism . 
  i ca n't help but relate it to having a more concrete long-term history than the us has . 
   where the hell does this supposed right to not be insulted come from ? 
  there 's not a right to not be insulted , but it makes you look like an uneducated jackass when you ca n't make your point without using historically loaded terms . 
  are they barbarians ? 
  ok , great . 
  then you should be able to express that in terms of what makes them barbaric , what the problems are , etc. 
   probably all the immigrants . 
  ah , so the reason for the anti-immigrant attacks is that there are immigrants . 
  that makes sense . 
  if only there were no immigrants , then the immigrants would be safe !, 
   i also love now the swedish media leaves out why there are increasing anti-semetic attacks . 
  dooooo tell . 
  half of the points are determined by popular vote , only the other half by jury . 
  yeah , they were faking popular votes as well . 
  the level of detail going into this is interesting : '' * sergei : you can vote 20 times , but it wo n't work . 
  only tele maxima ( mobile service provider ) allows 20 votes . 
  * '' that 's probably not closely guarded information , but it 's not easy to find either . 
  these guys really seem to know what they 're doing . 
  '' * sergei : we have already invested a lot of money into phones and sim cards . 
  one hundred people , five cards each , then top them up , 10 litas each . 
  we 've already spent 2,000 euros . 
  * '' so people * phones_per_person * average_calls_per_phone = 100 * 5 * [ ( 5 +10 ) / 2 ] = 3,750 votes . 
  using 5 per phone ( min ) it would be 2500 votes and using 10 per phone ( max ) it would be 5,000 votes . 
  is that really enough to impact the competition ? 
   furthermore , we are talking about people with huge assets [ more than 1.5 million euro ] with very little income from wages , salary or stock dividends [ you do n't need a monthly income when you 've got `` savings '' in which to dig ] . 
  so what ? 
  1 ) this is n't the 1990s . 
  1.5 million euro in * assets * is n't exactly world-class wealth . 
  2 ) the income that 's being taxed here has * already * been taxed . 
   so yes , mechanically , the tax on theirs assets will easily be more than their income , because the income are artificially kept low to avoid taxes ... 
  it does n't work that way . 
  you 're paying 34.5 % capital gains on stocks , and acquiring physical assets in the name of an individual does n't do anything to reduce income . 
   i find it strange that france is always in the news about imposing overly specific taxes to things . 
  ca n't they just slightly increase normal taxes and then also slightly increase the slice of the budget that goes to cultural projects ? 
  it 's not that hard . 
  but why do that when they can increase * all the taxes * significantly ? 
   i do think they eventually will come down . 
  i 'm quite interested in 3d printers and consider building some rep-rap model for myself , but i 'm an enthusiast , and i do n't think they will be ever as popular among `` regular people '' as paper printers . 
  probably not as popular for quite a long time , but i think they 'll eventually be quite popular . 
  when prices come down , pretty much anything ikea can do a 3-d printer will be able to do . 
   for one thing i do n't see why regular person will need them more than once-twice a year ( to fix something , that can be easier and cheaper fixed by ride to nearest mall ) . 
  for rc-modeling hobbyist it may be good investment . 
  furniture , tools , replacement parts for things that break in the house ( plumbing , furniture , etc )  lastly i do n't think they are so game changing for guns . 
  i think they 're game changing in general , and guns will benefit from the improvements elsewhere . 
   i do n't think cheap 3d printers will be able to print hard metals any time soon . 
  probably not hard metals , but certainly very hard plastics and the like . . much harder than we have now . 
  nasa is looking into using 3-d printing for things like the tools they 'll need in space . 
  that 's not viable without a hard material , which means i 'm sure one will come about soon . 
  you do n't think the price of printers will come down ?
