   i am sorry if i was giving the impression that this article had evidence that absolves greece ... i was trying to point out with this article that it was n't greece 's fault , but the economy 's fault in general for the whole eurocrisis the entire eurocrisis is n't greece 's fault , but the status of greece is * definitely * greece 's fault . 
  you do n't need to be a mathematician to see the problems with their budget numbers ( though you do need to be one to hide those numbers as they did ), 
   so , you think that uk 's educational system is bad ? 
  because bologna reform was designed after uk 's educational system . 
  it does n't really matter what something is designed after . 
  very similar systems get very different outputs depending on where they are , who is a part of them , and what the prior setup was like . 
  technically liberia 's government is almost a * perfect * duplicate of the united states . 
  that has n't exactly propelled them to be the same as the united states in practice . 
   she spoke as some international pharmaceutical companies have limited supplies to greece , and increased fears of a parallel export trade as wholesalers and pharmacies look for cash . 
  err . . they `` limited supplies '' because greece 's government ca n't pay their bills ( even getting some of the best prices available ) . 
  would we say that greece has limited supplies of money to their pharmaceutical companies ? 
   tax caps on large corporations ' taxes have damn near destroyed us - for example , ge in 2010 [ 1 ] had more profits protected by offshore than it did in the us , reporting an income of 14.2 b. 
  they paid 0 in taxes . 
  considering that taxes are the government 's `` salary '' , in what way is this at all beneficial to the individual taxpayer ? 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; that has fuck-all to do with caps on corporate tax ( which do n't have by the way ) . 
  what , do you think our corporate tax rate is capped at 0 % or something ? 
  when dealing with offshore income ask yourself a few questions : was the income generated by the us , was the product sold to the us , and how many of the resources were based in the us ? 
  only after those 3 questions have been answered will you be able to have any idea of what you 're dealing with ... but in any case you will * not * be dealing with a cap on taxes because we do n't have one . 
   bill clinton put us in a budget surplus [ 2 ] by raising the tax rates , then w came along and not only allowed corporations breaks they do n't need , but actually mailed every tax-paying citizen a check . 
  bill clinton presided over the . com bubble boom * and * the glass stegall repeal that inflated the housing market . 
  the surplus was the equivalent of walking down the road and finding a $ 100 bill . 
  it was not a sustainable , repeatable strategy . 
   how much do you think that cost us ? 
  think it might have helped destroy our economy ? 
  i hate to see any other country go down this path . 
  holy shit man . 
  you pretty clearly do n't even understand how our tax system works ... not that i can blame you ( it 's monstrous ) . 
  but all the same : before you start ranting about tax policy it 's probably better if you try and learn about it first . 
   to be outside the reach of any legal system , it would need to be done by the un . 
  i doubt however that it would ever happen , so now we live with the fact that us laws apply even if you do n't want business with us but also with the fact that it is easy to circumvent . 
  the un is still capable of passing restrictions or changing the guidelines for any agency/group that 's a part of it . 
  you 're not putting outside of anyone 's reach , you 're putting it inside of * everyone 's * reach ... effectively subjecting it to the whims of largely unelected officials . 
  beyond that one of the things that has allowed the internet to prosper is the lack of cooperation between countries . 
  if one country bans something , you can ( in * most * cases ) just get a host somewhere else . 
  the minute it 's an international body that controls everything , i fear we 'd see the level of cooperation go up . 
   the changes takes really 2 minutes if you are not tech savvy . 
  and if necessary , an application could do it for you , web browser could come with plugins to do that . 
  you just have to change the dns server you use . 
  if you want , i can send you a . bat file that does it for you automatically . 
  yes , i 'm aware . 
  but it would change every time you switched connections or ( depending on os ) completed dhcp . 
  i do n't think the true problem is the technical limitations of people though , it 's getting the information out to the technologically limited people in the first place ... and of course , being able to apply it to things like phones that supply a huge amount of the internet in developing countries . 
   it is bad that anyone controls so much of internet . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  i wish there was a way to make it not so , but that 's still a little ways off . 
   however , usa only controls icann and therefore dns registries , whose importance is really overblown . 
  a 2 minutes manipulation on windows ( and a single command line under linux ) allows to bypass any restriction that would happen on that level . 
  yup !, 
  which is great . 
  it means censorship will never be truly effective . 
  but i do worry about the masses who would be unable to make a change like that if the internet were to become more controlled . 
  it 's done so much in such a short period of time , it 'd be a shame to see it falter now . 
  but wait , i thought it was a bad thing that america controls so much of internet core infrastructure , and that if we gave control to the un the european nations would help keep the middle eastern ones from imposing things like this ? 
  edit : hopefully there 's some cognitive dissonance coming with these downvotes . 
   well you can look at france . 
  france likes being looked at , especially by people considering investing . 
   france is the 2nd largest receiver of foreign direct investment in europe ( behind uk ) and hosts 3000 + subsidiaries of us companies representing half a million jobs . 
  [ france is currently ranked 5th overall ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2198rank.html ) and 3rd in europe . 
  it 's behind the us , the uk , hong kong , and belgium ( oddly enough ) . 
  in 2010 they were ranked [ 2nd * in the world * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_received_fdi ) . 
  they 're not anymore and they 're falling fast . 
  germany has closed 50 % of the gap between them . 
  in 2010 china received 20 % of the amount of foreign investment france did . 
  that number is 80 % . 
  in 2010 , russia and brazil had about 1/3rd ( 33 % ) the foreign investment level france did . 
  now they have about 60 % the investment level france does . 
  that 's a * lot * of damage in just 2 years or so . 
  edit : clarity . 
  dangerous idea only because it has no limitations the way you 've phrased it . 
  * everything * you do affects your health . 
   yeah essentially coke are importing a bunch of stuff and selling it for profit . 
  if they do n't do it someone else will . 
  they 'll still make a profit tax or otherwise . 
  there is no part of this chain where spain can lose out . 
  well , there 's no part where the spanish government can lose out . 
  kinda sucks for the spanish people who have to actually pay the tax . 
   this is n't even a production tax ( which is what could scare business a way ) . 
  a business who 's pure purpose is to sell stuff in your nation is n't going to run and would n't be missed if they did . 
  if it 's a production tax ( ie taxing facilities ) , yes it would be missed ... both by the people who were working at the facilities and by the government who was receiving taxes ( albeit at a lower level ) from the company . 
  also remember that a company 's tax burden is not all income tax . 
  the payroll is being taxed as well , as is the purchases the employees would later make with the money they made from their job . 
  but as you said : this is a consumer level tax ... so none of that applies here . 
   it is not just the coca-cola plant you have to worry about . 
  raising any taxes can scare business away . 
  other business owners see taxes being raised and it would be normal for them to be concerned and think , maybe their business would be targeted next . 
   people like to think that actions have no consequences and thus love these measures which strike at big business or rich people . 
  there is a reason why some countries do better than others and it is not all luck . 
  what you say is 100 % true if they 're taxing a business operated there or a facility operated there ... but this is a consumer level tax . 
  it 's just another market that coca cola is in , not a place they operate plants . 
  let me fix it for you : the germans are n't * frequently * funny , they 're * efficiently * funny . 
  it just seems like they 're frequently funny because on the rare occasion they make a joke it 's a good one . 
   `` frightening away investment '' i wish they would n't say this all the time . 
  a lot of actions * really do frighten away investment * ( looking at you france ) , but taxing some soda is n't one of them . 
  what , was coca cola planning on opening a plant there ? 
  does a tax on sugary beverages give companies the impression their assets will be seized ? 
  is it a punitive measure ? 
  is it likely to give way to more much more dramatic economic limitations like income limits ? 
  if not , it 's probably not frightening away investment . 
  not especially convenient . 
  large potential fine with a high likelihood of getting caught ... plus because ie 's de-facto browser monopoly is already well in the past they stand little to gain from it .
