   not to mention instead of facing the repercussions of his actions he has literally no chance at a fair trial in the us . 
  he made the right move . 
   he ran away to a foreign , competitive nation . 
  so what ? 
  he did n't do anything that would help them . 
  any `` friendly '' nation would just turn him over . 
   he is not only a hypocrite but a coward and traitor . 
  and he deserves a traitors death or a ticket to gitmo . 
  if there were more people like him , this country would be a better place . 
  the people who created our surveillance program are the ones who should be in gitmo . 
   but why would he condemn the u.s government because he wants to help the people than accept aid from a government that is the doing the same or worse to there people . 
  because 1 ) he only had information on the us government . 
  he was not working for the fsb 2 ) him leaving the country was not an endorsement , and it 's honestly downright bizarre to read it as such . 
  3 ) why the hell * would n't * he accept aid from the only country that would have him ? 
   does he not view russians as important as us ? 
  does n't . 
  information . 
  russian . 
  it 's that simple . 
  he does n't have any information to leak about them . 
   just because he did n't leave for a bastion of free speech does n't mean he is n't a hypocrite for criticizing one country and helping the other . 
  he is n't `` helping '' russia - he did n't have * any * documents with him by the time he got there . 
  and he 's not endorsing their surveillance practices either . 
  so yes , it does mean he 's not a hypocrite . 
   critisizes the u.s for spying on its citizens . 
  accepts aid from russia . 
  that 's not hypocritical . 
  he did n't leave the us searching for a bastion of free speech , he left the us to find a country that would n't extradite him back . 
   well he did give away secrets regarding us espionage against the chinese government . 
  it 's hard for me to see that as anything but treason . 
  that in and of itself would be enough . 
  then there was the matter of him giving ip addresses to the chinese government of computers that were hacked by the nsa as a way of getting their favor when he arrived in hong kong . 
  you 'd have a point if what you posted was n't a complete fiction . 
  snowden ditched the documents after giving them to the journalists . 
  normally mercenaries get paid for what they do , they do n't give up large salaries and cushy benefits for what they do . 
  i also fail to see how he 's a hypocrite . 
  damn , there really is no convenient route . 
  he * has * to pass through italy , germany , or france . 
  yup , and since the end of the cold war it 's behavior has been not overthrowing unless it 's in the middle east . 
  the cia has n't really done that shit outside of the middle east since the fall of the soviet union . 
  you 'll note that latin america has swung hard left and is fairly anti-us , and the us has n't really attempted anything . 
  africa ? 
  pretty much the same deal . 
  tanks and aircraft numbers are a bit concerning though . 
  aircraft are really , really fucking important . 
  about what exactly ? 
  if the subject is russia and it involves russia today , it 's a safe bet that it 's made up or at least full of false equivalencies . 
  i say that as someone who subscribes to rap news . 
  if nato pussed out there would be no nato . 
  that 's not something they will risk . 
  everyone agreed not to attack , but they did not agree to attack another party if they did . 
  it was an agreement with no teeth . 
  i lived in sd for years , and the area i was in was absolutely * full * of irish people who were staying in the hostel . 
  it was like a weather-based refugee camp . 
  we 're talking about people , not euro ice monsters . 
  but with more clouds , and a constant `` you should still bring a jacket '' requirement . 
   on the other hand : what is spain or california without infernal temperatures that you can only survive with a swim in the ocean ...  san diego , california ( southern most ca ) has practically perfect termpatures . 
  15.5 celcius to 30 celcius , practically the whole year . 
  no one likes a micromanager . 
  [ so who will be the industrious person who figures out a loophole for higher power vacuums ? 
  ] ( http://idle-beta.slashdot.org/story/10/09/27/1351242/selling-incandescent-light-bulbs-as-heating-devices ), 
   they declared their own state . 
  they could just hold the money in a few central places and give out is-bonds or so . 
  much like the us used to hold gold in one place and gave out dollars that represented a portion of gold . 
   yes , and an military on the planet ( including the kurds ) can seize or incinerate it at one of those locations . 
   isis has now more than half billion dollars of play money . 
  considering they got proper kamikaze manpower , germany 's willingness to get the weapons to iraq is just a drop in the ocean of needs . 
  there 's only 2 options for that kind of money : hold onto it physically or deposit in a bank . 
  if it 's the former , we should see some gains while beating them back militarily ( ca n't move millions of dollars too fast ) . 
  if it 's the latter , seizing the bank accounts should n't be too hard - most governments will not support isis in such an obvious way . 
  change your flag then ... 
  the problem with the 2/5 is that if they can get an ally that represents 1/5 , they 're the majority . 
  40 % is terrifyingly close to 51 % . 
  they are exterminating everyone . 
  because nukes , and because ukraine is not nato . 
   europe and us are definitely involved in ukraine . 
  in an incredibly limited capacity . 
  and we did n't create euromaidan or anything like it . 
  we are not central to this conflict in any way . 
   information and directions will be given to the ukranian military fighting in the east . 
  we 're actually afraid to do that because the ukrainian military is so infiltrated by russia . 
  we do n't want them to know our capabilities , who we have tapped , etc. 
   obliterating the economy is pretty strong hyperbole , but i agree we should n't damage the ukrainian economy through this kind of stuff . 
  bill clinton always listed giving rice to haiti as one of his biggest regrets . 
  it literally destroyed their agriculture industry . 
  [ here 's a decent overview ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/01/11/subsidizing_starvation ), 
  that whole `` crimea '' thing . 
  you can , but it takes more time . 
  instead of just shoving food down their gullet , we could do things like train them in newer farming techniques that increase crop yields , get them better equipment for farming , etc. 
  [ western crop yields are no-joke ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ag.yld.crel.kg/countries/1w-us-eu-sd-a9-zg-a4?display=graph ) . 
   yes , i do , and if you tried to get some information from sources other than the czech msm , you would know it too . 
  but you see what the problem is here ? 
  i 'm not taking any sides , i believe that both russia and the eu-us are equally responsible for all this , in their own way . 
  but go on , keep on eating the propaganda and live a happy life . 
  god damn it . 
  we 've barely done anything at all !, 
  why the fuck are we getting blamed ? 
   u/jiangyou is right . 
  neither the us-eu , nor russia give two shits about the welfare of the people in ukraine . 
  they 're just fucking that country up even further for their own geopolitical reasons , and many of us are foolish enough to have taken sides .
