   not a fan of vigilante justice but police and councils are generally completely useless when it comes to the issue of roma , what else can you do after being constantly pushed if it 's in your neighbourhood ? 
  figure out why the police are useless and fix that problem ? 
  i would n't call myself proud of my country , but these threads are the closest i come to it . 
   if legal justice is n't working , what options are there ? 
  suffer and undergo the stealing , robbings and violence ? 
  or fucking fix it ? 
  i can guarantee you there are better options than beating teenagers to an inch of their lives . 
  white person here : that is not at all what he 's saying . 
   and before people think i 'm being over the top , never forget 1 million sinti and roma were murdered during the holocaust . 
  anti-roma hatred of the kind displayed in this thread led us there . 
  [ let 's also not forget the ussr that came after the nazis ] ( http://www.du.edu/korbel/hrhw/researchdigest/russia/roma.pdf ) '' * a chilling `` solution '' to the proliferation of the roma came about : the uninformed and non-consenting sterilization of roma women , often under the guise of caesarean sections and abortions , and under pressure from social workers who would get their uninformed consent with promises of cash and tangible goods . 
  it is finite , but i 'm quite confident we will collectively kill ourselves and run out of a lot of other things before that happens . 
  there 's a lot of thorium . 
  thorium is available in massive quantity . 
  it will most likely end up being fuel for future nuclear power plants . 
  many next-gen plant designs counter this by being able to use old fuel waste as fuel . 
  also : the russians dive in at the beginning of the thread , then disappear as it frontpages . 
  i 've had comments go from -10 to +10 just based on the age of the article . 
  you 're generalizing . 
  historically ? 
  no , i 'm not . 
  they 've been killed in the holocaust , sent to die by the russians , hunted for sport , sterilized ( as part of `` integration '' ) , and a litany of other things ... and that 's not even counting the things that happen today ( though they 're admittedly better than what happened in the past ) it 's a long history of distrust and a very short period of time where europe has been arguably worth of their trust . 
  for the past thousand years or so being a roma who trusted europe probably meant you were a dead roma . 
  it takes awhile to come back from that . 
  they * are * a poor and persecuted people . 
  it 's not some random coincidence that they are more than a little suspicious of europe ; it 's the last thousand or so years talking . 
  * that does n't preclude them from being a part of organized crime though * . 
  they can even be culturally fucked up . 
  when discussing the roma , it seems important to make sure you see the full picture : what they 've become certainly , but also how they got there and why they are as they are . 
  something tells me you 've got a pretty skewed idea of the holmodor and the deportations . 
  they 're not shelling the town . 
  they 're attacking specific buildings . 
  they 're not just randomly shelling towns . 
  they 're attacking places specially occupied and controlled by the armed seperatists . 
  because he 's not especially influential and has a nasty habit of putting his foot in his mouth . 
  in the us the vice president does n't really do anything but wait to see if the president dies or not . 
  nope , but they were largely blamed for all of the drunkards , wife abusers , and adulterers . 
  they ( and the germans ) popularized the saloon and hard liquor and were seen as being at fault for everything that came with either . 
  they were seen as subhuman drunks , unable to control their basic impulses ( yes , including rape ) . 
  they just did n't have a thing for the jews . 
  boston will have an irish tint to it , but it has yet to install papal rule . 
  why ? 
  because as i said : each generation is more distant from their culture than the one before it . 
  even when they 're surrounded in their own culture . 
  that just tells you the religion , not the type of practitioners . 
  if that could be taken at face value the us would have become a vassal of the pope after the baby-making happy irish and italians immigrated here . 
  you mean like the irish and parts of boston back in the 20s ? 
  as it turns out it 's not just your immediate neighbors that influence you culturally . 
  howdy from the west side of bloomfield . 
  one of my best friends was gay and went to high school in dearborn in a majority muslim school ... no problems at all . 
  ... and before europeans jump on this one , dearborn is one of the only muslim majority areas in the us . 
  henry ford and whatnot . 
  and it only became majority muslim because back in the day whites tried to keep the blacks out . 
  ... a private plane used in previous cia renditions . 
  reminder : each generation gets closer and closer to the culture it 's surrounded in . 
  100 years ago people in the us were saying the same things about the irish ( end of protestant culture , wo n't integrate , etc ) the europeans are saying about the muslims today . 
  my mistake . 
  whatever , i 'm holding all of europe responsible for it . 
  it 's that bad . 
   only a pretty small percentage of people would pay 30-33 % in federal taxes ( even incl . 
  payroll taxes ) , if you 're counting only the employee side in that ( which seems to be the case , since you break out the employer portion separately ? ) . 
  you 'd have to be making in the top 1-2 % or so of incomes to hit those rates . 
  i 'm including medicare/medicaid/social security in all of that . 
  i actually run a company and can see all of the payroll numbers . 
  even from my end it 's really , really hard to tell how much you 're going to be taxed . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's voodoo created by sadists . 
  [ still holding you guys responsible for toy box - best friend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bddgvkx_e70 ) # 1 on your charts . 
  let me be a counterpoint : * ~ 30-33 % once you include social security ( federal ) * 10 % state income tax ( california ) * ? % local income tax * the employer is paying another 10-20 % in payroll taxes on what they pay you ( with fica it can be 30 % ) so it totals to somewhere in the neighborhood of 50-60 % if you consider both sides of the equation . 
  alcohol - for long-term physically dependent users , [ withdrawal was once 35 % fatal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delirium_tremens ) and is now 5-15 % fatal due to medical advances . 
  benzodiazepines ( xanax ) - if you go to rehab for benzos the first thing they give you is benzos . 
  in a bad case of withdrawals , [ seizures/death ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benzodiazepine_withdrawal_syndrome ) can occur . 
  heroin/opiates do n't kill you in an uncontrollable way like the others , but asphyxiating on the truly impressive amounts of vomit you produce is pretty common , particularly with the rapid-detox method . 
   i would n't necessarily call it a disability , but there are also clinical reasons why people are fat . 
  not every obese person binges on sugar . 
   no , but the vast , vast , vast majority of people are fat because of what they eat and how much they exercise . 
   why not ? 
  not heroin of course , but if we 're looking at drugs that do n't have such severe physical withdrawal symptoms , i ca n't see why a compulsion to eat is any different to the compulsion to use a drug . 
  withdrawl from many addictions will literally * kill you * . 
  others will make you sweat , hallucinate , get splitting headaches , etc. 
  food ? 
  none of that . 
   we are as native to our countries , more so in the nordics , than native americans are to america . 
  and that is where the parallel ends . 
  you were both natives . 
  as i said in my other reply to you : you 're comparing people who had no concept of owning land , whose population had been decimated by disease , and whose land was taken by colonial powers ( who are no longer colonial ) that just dropped flags in the ground and sent their military in to enforce it to controlled , legal immigration by individuals conducted by an established government with a common legal framework . 
  your comparison is bad and you should feel bad . 
  you 're comparing people who had no concept of owning land , whose population had been decimated by disease , and whose land was taken by colonial powers ( who are no longer colonial ) that just dropped flags in the ground and sent their military in to enforce it to controlled , legal immigration by individuals conducted by an established government with a common legal framework . 
  as previously stated : your point is absolutely and unequivocally idiotic . 
  our coffee shops are even lamer than previously known in comparison apparently . 
  that 's absolutely idiotic . 
  some places will put a table or two outside , but there 's only smoking there because it 's outside and outside kind of defaults to smoking . 
  ban it on the street and that wo n't work either . 
  i 've looked up numbers in several of the countries that are complaining and some - like the nordic countries - have terribly low percentages . 
  like their total percentage of non white minorities is less than our 3rd most common . 
   it 's a cult of extremist and there 's no such thing as moderate muslims . 
  soooo . 
  hey there : us here . 
  we do just fine at allowing immigration almost exclusively from moderate muslims . 
   it 's not a witch hunt in general . 
  do n't smoke in public , honestly .
