  mother fucker . 
  seriously ? 
  we did n't arm or fund either maidan or the ukrainian military . 
  we did n't inspire euromaidan either . 
  all we did was help organize * some * sanctions , which is the bare minimum you could expect for invading a fucking european country . 
   it is a false flag by american nazis supporting the fascist junta in kiev . 
  the equipment is from ex soviet bloc countries manned by russian traitors . 
   you forgot gay and jewish . 
  the faggscist jewnta from kiev . 
   have you ever drove a russian military transporter ? 
  live person in the back would probably die because of injuries after a short stroll ...  suspension is for western capitalist nazi jewrofags, 
   the trucks driving alone , god knows where , and there is no indication that this might be one of the government 's ( based on what this `` journo '' here tweeted ) . 
  the convoy operation is suspicious enough by itself , we do n't need to throw hearsay and other unconfirmed information into the mix . 
  ca n't tell where the truck * is * but it 's license plate code ( 777 ) means it 's registered in moscow . 
  it 's * not * a military plate though . 
  a military plate would be white text on a black background , not white background with black text . 
  ... those are pretty expensive tires to have for show though . 
  alright , you should get to listing those then . 
   poland received nearly 320 billion in eu funds . 
  but they did n't call it a bailout to manufacture anti-polish feelings . 
  probably because poland was not on the edge of default and was not about to take all of europe with them , which means it 's just money and investment . 
  bailouts are last minute `` oh fuck everything is about to implode '' money . 
  i 'm sorry about what happened to greece , but really : you guys did not get the bad end of the stick . 
  i 'm okay with blowing up isis . 
  just do n't land the fucking planes . 
  turn around and `` nope '' the fuck out of there . 
  that said , would you want to not bomb isis now ? 
  it 's really hard to argue against bombing isis . 
  not `` modern guns '' . 
  yeah , isis is kind of our bad . 
  also : all of isis 's weapons . 
  and a lot of their money . 
  and the destabilization that let 's them spread . 
  ... we should just start deferring to the kurds in the middle east . 
   some americans have n't learned that germans are the fanatical pacifists who we can not count on , not the french . 
  in fact , france and uk ( and poland more so every day ) are our only meaningful military partners in nato . 
   can we just start a poland love train right here really quick ? 
  poland is the shit right now . 
  they 're succeeding economically in a * really * hard time to do that , they 're an incredible ally , they 're beefing up military strength instead of relying on others , and they 've emerged as probably the strongest post-communist country out there by any metric you can name , and they still like fucking enough to have a growing population ( sorry japan/russia ) . 
  more than that , they did n't do this by launching some oversized financial sector or by creating a petro-state , they did it by working their collective asses off . 
  fuck yeah poland . 
   this shit again ? 
  napolean led one of the greatest armies to ever march the fields of europe . 
  he captured moscow . 
  they also took on all of europe and nearly won . 
  france has struggled somewhat since the advent of the modern gun . 
  when cavalary was a thing , you best watch out . 
   you 're going to love the french butthurt when this deal either gets cancelled or bites you right in the smelly arsehole . 
  there are few things i love as much as a british/french fight . 
  it 's pretty important ... 
  they got hit by cars , so not natural but not intentional . 
  also : it was an extremely limited release . 
  yes . 
  it 's dead though . 
  i think they will also do weasels . 
  that 's another one of their beers . 
  it comes in a squirrel . 
   not really . 
  just the comment of someone who is n't blind and brainwashed by westerm media . 
  i love how `` western media '' just means `` any media that is not russian '' . 
  `` west '' has fuck-all to do with it . 
   talks about democracy ? 
  last govt . 
  was elected democraticly . 
  this one was not . 
  the last government was the one that followed yanukovych after maidan . 
  it was interim , and set up elections almost immediately . 
  the current government * was * elected , and the only thing that could have prevented someone from voting were the eastern rebels themselves . 
   have they spent and sold of pretty much everything the owned ? 
  yes no , they have n't . 
  although fighting off the russian proxies has taken significant resources . 
   yes . 
  have they killed civilians by large quantities ? 
  it 's a fucking civil war . 
  they 're not * trying * to kill civilians but with outdated soviet technology there 's only so much that can be done while still countering the rebels that fight from the city and from civilian infrastructure . 
  [ god damn it i love brewdog . 
  ... 2020 was already the `` end of life '' . 
  moscow just did n't extend it . 
   you seem to have missed the part that their new government is just as shit as their prev . 
  government . 
  they basically traded one form of cancer for exact same form of cancer . 
  can you taste that ? 
  it 's the seeping butthurt of someone who supported the previous government . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  north korea has one of the largest standing armies in the world . 
  the nuclear plants were gorgeous , but never started . 
   shite , why do they nuclear so much ? 
  nuclear generates a fucking lot of electricity , but the plants take so long to build you have to plan in advance and make them bigger than you need at the time . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   and is n't that the only imagineable response ? 
  america can not do nothing when that happens , i feel like we jumped right back in the cold war hell yes that is the only response . 
  there are a * lot * of pent up conflicts from the past 100 years that have only not become land wars because one side ( or both ) was afraid the us would blow the hell out of them if they attacked . 
  * china would attempt to enforce all of it 's claims in the asia-pacific region , which would create chaos and cause japan to beef up it 's military and possibly engage in a hot war . 
  * all of our assurances to countries that border russia would be totally worthless , and they would either change `` teams '' or drastically beef up their military . 
  * western europe would be in chaos from either the direct effect of the nuke , or the realization that their government would do nothing about it . 
  * our middle eastern alliances of convenience ( saudi arabia , egypt ) would collapse . 
  could play out any number of ways . 
  * north korea would do go knows what , knowing we would not have enough conventional forces to put into asia . 
  * nato itself would cease to exist and lead to countries making ad-hoc alliances a-la wwi to safeguard themselves before they could bulk up their military . 
  it would be a global catastrophe if we allowed a nuclear strike to go unanswered .
