   of course i do n't know ideas of the ukrainian command , but it looks too optimistic . 
  donetsk is not even properly encircled yet . 
  there are plenty of settlements around donetsk that are still not under control of ua forces . 
  on the north yasinovataya is still under control of separatists , on the east -- basically everything , khartzysk , shakhtarsk , etc. , on the south-east -- ilovaysk ( there was a notoriously unsuccessful attack on it yesterday by `` donbass '' , `` azov '' , `` shakhtarsk '' battalions ) . 
  just getting closer to donetsk could take weeks . 
  the point is n't a perfect encirclement , it 's encircling it enough to prevent supplies from coming up the major roads from the east . 
  the rebels are already light on supplies . 
   he 's neither . 
  this speculatory article written by a political opponent makes him look like a maniac . 
  this is one of not-very-many political opponents left ... i imagine watching your allies ( literally and figuratively ) drop around you does a lot to convince you of putin being a maniac . 
   if we fail to protect the baltics , than our alliances with the rest of nato , japan , singapore , south korea , the philippines , australia and any potential future ally is thrown into question . 
  also worth noting that by throwing that into question , china would become a major aggressor in the region , throwing all of asia into chaos ... while europe was already in chaos . 
   i honestly wonder if any of the western nuclear powers have the gonads to drop nukes . 
  if russia drops a nuke i do n't think `` not responding '' would be a politically viable response in the us . 
  if a nuclear weapon drops in europe i ca n't really imagine the american public seeking nuance about the size of the weapon . 
  they will want blood , specifically the blood of whoever dropped it . 
   why ? 
  people were expecting that country in possesion of nuclear weapons will not use them against overwhelming conventional force ? 
   the us will only use them to respond if we are nuked or our mainland is invaded . 
  our doctrine says we wo n't use them in a non-nuclear war outside our country . 
   again background checks to purchase a firearm that is not required in numerous states . 
   buying from a gun broker/store , it 's federal law . 
   you admit concealed carry is extremely hard to get ( your own words ) . 
  there is not a single us state with no concealed carry and it 's really not difficult at all to get . 
  you certainly do n't need to prove you fear for your life . 
  hello from california : this point is bullshit . 
   need a permit for semi auto ( along with wait period ) , a lot of states have waiting periods ...  ca n't have hollowpoints unless for hunting . 
  people would lose their shit if something like that was even suggested here . 
  new jersey bans hollowpoints . 
   just stupid . 
  not even that you wo n't go - there are plenty of places i wo n't go ( climate , diseases , safety , no interest ) , what makes it `` wtf '' is that you feel the need to proudly announce it to the world . 
  you just showed that putin !, 
   i vote with my money . 
  there 's lots of equally interesting places to go , and i ca n't go to all of them ( at least not now ) ... so i 'll just go to the others . 
  no skin off my back . 
   yeah , we 're back to this now . 
  ( not confirmed beyond hearsay in this article , but still ) i 've read it before from other sources as well . 
  it 's kind of sad . 
  i never really knew much about crimea before the conflict , but it looks gorgeous . 
  but now i wo n't go there on principle . 
  i only discovered the region because of what makes me not okay with going there . 
   since the us is not censoring its results you can still google anyone using an american proxy , no ? 
  so it does n't really hide information all that well , it just hides it from a very quick look . 
  anyone looking for dirt hard enough is bound to find it . 
  canada is currently trying to change that . 
  they 're trying to force google to comply with their court in all geolocations . 
   newspapers still have their internal search engines and journalists are allowed to request information on persons of public interest . 
   how do you know to request information about someone whose information was removed ? 
  they will by definition appear to have nothing of concern about them . 
   despite few minor issues the overall ruling is still good , and from what i can tell still widely supported in eu . 
  minor issues ? 
  there 's been a huge number of requests , no one knows what should/shouldn ' t be removed , and politicians , corrupt businessmen , and child porn aficionados are taking advantage of it . 
  and right now this shit happening is news . 
  soon , because it 's censorship , you wo n't even know when it happens . 
  you wo n't hear about the next ceo or banker covering his record , or the next child pornographer who gets his results wiped . 
  european start-up mentality : 1 ) move to us 2 ) found company , make money , pay us taxes 3 ) move back to europe , have sex , pay no taxes . 
  if they 're british put `` become libertarian '' somewhere in there . 
  did you live near an especially polish neighborhood ? 
  i mean , i know some and i 've heard some . 
  they 're just not that common . 
   a map with arrows showing which countries target which other countries with these jokes could be interesting . 
  for example i know that in the u.s. they 're traditionally about the poles . 
  not if you were born after 1900 ... 
  the french and the canadians are targets sometimes . 
  if you 're flying the stars and stripes you 'll be downvoted anytime you say you 're [ * anything but american here * ] and to be fair , most of us do n't have ties more recent than 60 + years in the past . 
  good luck avoiding ovh too . 
  they 're everywhere , they own some of the largest/fastest pipes , and their prices are dirt cheap . 
  ovh and hetzner ( german ) are practically unavoidable in europe ... 
   the american way is to cast a wide net , pick a few winners and then dump the rest with total disregard for the founders and employees . 
  this is not even slightly true . 
  not even close . 
   this mechanism is distinct from a search and seizure and thus not subject to the restrictions imposed by the fourth amendment as well as other thorny restrictions . 
  it 's covered by the 4th amendment , but the 4th amendment only protects you against `` unreasonable '' search and seizure . 
  if it 's pursuant to a court case , they consider that `` reasonable '' . 
   taxes in the uk are very high , it 's just that most of them are , conveniently , being payed by the employees . 
   a tax on the employer when they pay you is the same as a tax on you when they pay you . 
  the only difference is whose balance sheet it 's on . 
   you do n't find it peculiar that a member of a body which benefits hugely from military spending increases voices his opinion and then being quoted by the bbc about the need to increase the spending because we are `` unprepared '' and there is a `` threat '' ? 
  not when his entire fucking job is to advise/research military issues , no . 
  that 's kind of what they 're there for . 
   do expect complete and total strangers to start a conversation with you , especially about the weather or wherever you 're from and do n't get too offended if they make insensitive remarks once they learn you 're from elsewhere ; it 's either genuine curiosity or an attempt at humour . 
  if they are a racist , well ... you 've met a total bollox and you 're right in totally ignoring them . 
   during the world cup a group of irishmen tried to have a conversation with me in a bar , but they 'd been there for 12 hours ( the game was at 7am , this was around 7pm ) and i have no idea what they were saying other than that at some point they referred to my jambalaya as soup and had a very strong opinion of it . 
  :-( shame too , i love random conversations . 
  i 'd wager that will happen far less than car accidents would normally . 
   pacifism and soft power are the way to go for the european union . 
  the people who are crying for a western sponsored war in the ukraine are crazy . 
  it requires pointing out that the use of sanctions very much is a use of soft power . 
  i am for unified european armed forces because i do recognise that there is dangers in the world , but it would exist only to protect against threads to the european union itself , not to barge into neighbouring countries like libya and ukraine . 
  we will be using our soft power for that , like we are now . 
  hard power is n't just about using hard power . 
  simply having it is enough to magnify the impact of soft power . 
   georgia mlrsed south ossetia , a region that basically was a russian protectorate at that time . 
  it was clear this would provoke a russian response . 
  that would be like kuba attacking puerto rico , or panama . 
  except no . 
  it 's getting a little bizarre how far russia thinks it 's borders extend . 
   i doubt it . 
  crimea would like a word with you . 
   yes .
