  accents go a long way . 
  [ also has coal . 
  ] ( http://www.ok.gov/mines/coal_program/oklahoma_coal/ ), 
   well ladas are atleast better than opels , like we say in finland opel : ois perkele edes lada , wich roughly translates to opel : should atleast be a lada til opals still exist . 
  they really are never out here . 
  also : you can fake any british accent you 'd like . 
  no one 's going to tell the british dude his british accent sucks . 
   the bigger problem imo for usa is that one element under `` worth supporting '' label actually has stayed and fights good , but usa ca n't give them what they want . 
   we do have people worth supporting , but not near the number there was early on . 
  they control very , very little land and there 's not that many of them unfortunately , and i doubt us all of a sudden arming them to hell and back or giving political support would make those who fled return to fight . 
   poor bashar al-assad , he was so close to become saddam , or at least ahmadinejad ... 
  i wo n't shed a tear for him . 
  it 's a shame that anyone worth supporting ( vs isis ) left the country a long time ago . 
  we needed to either act or not act , not hesitate then do almost nothing . 
  not as laid as you 'd be with a different english accent , but yeah . 
  you 'll still get laid . 
  the girls fucking love accents . 
   i 've just applied for a green card , anything i should know , do or not do ? 
  your accent will get you laid an incredible amount . 
  bring condoms . 
   is it really true that a republican senator threw snowball on senate to disprove global warming ? 
  i mean like seriously ? 
  he 's representing his constituents : coal workers who in many cases have been doing it for generations and want to continue doing it . 
  nope . 
  our laws are n't the ones who would be changing a lot . 
   do you feel connection with your european ancestry background ? 
   i 'm a total mutt . 
  romanian/german/dutch / irish/french/scottish / english . 
  not much to identify with . 
  more than that the one my family was culturally closest with ( romanian ) is n't even my highest % . 
   i have noticed that regular americans more concerned about celebrity stars lives than about geopolitics , is it true ? 
  depends who you are and what circles you run with . 
  but yes , celebrities are a big source of news . 
   do you share the opinion americans and russians so similar that are like two sides of the same coin ? 
  not even close . 
   what future do you see for europe from american viewpoint ? 
  hopefully lots of monies and close relationships . 
  we 'll probably maintain the kind of protecter of europe militarily , because no one really expects europe to step up spending . 
   what about motorbikes , japanese or european ? 
  there are 2 types of bikes americans care about : fast and loud . 
  harley 's fare the `` loud '' , and the higher end japanese/euro bikes are the `` fast '' . 
  lower end japanese/euro bikes are seen as pretty lame . 
   what do americans think of euuropean cars . . ? 
  great if you 're okay mortgaging your house every time you need brakes . 
  but more seriously : they 're seen as expensive but reliable ( at least germany/sweden ) , often with weird quirks . 
  i have fond memories of my old saab with no cup holders ( because sweden ) . 
  french cars pretty much do n't exist here , and italian cars are generally seen as sports cars , and we do love those . 
   geopolitical question : do americans believe europe and the us should increase the intensity of the us-eu alliance to counter , for example , the rise of nations like china or otherwise for a more general purpose or ideology ? 
  and if so , to what extent ? 
  yes . 
  really : we love you guys . 
  we do n't want to be governed the same or similarly , but you 'd be hard pressed to find someone who did n't favor closer relations with europe . 
   have you met any americans who had greek ancestors ? 
  how were they ? 
  many , many , many . 
  they even have `` greek '' summer camps , generally organized somewhat around religion ( though religion is n't a primary focus ) . 
  from that they get greek friends , a closer concept of an ethnic identity , etc. 
  many speak the language on a basic level as well . 
   does anybody there see ukraine 's war as the direct consequence of usa withdrawal ( after announced ) from syria invasion ? 
  syria is not really discussed here in global context . 
  just as `` that place isis also is '' . 
   if i , as a german guy in his 20es , would migrate to the us , which state would be the best choice ? 
  are there states where it would be harder to integrate as a european than others ? 
  although i 've never been to the states , i 've always kinda liked denver - could i fit in there as a german ? 
  california is insanely friendly towards europeans . 
  and there 's a lot of you in the bigger cities ( la , sf ) . 
  denver and portland are friendly towards pretty literally everyone as well . 
   says a man whose clubmates prefer to ride harley-davidsons and bmws . 
  to be fair , the only russian motorcycles i 'm aware of are ladas that had 2 tires fall off . 
   it 's easy to keep then from registering ... no , from being registered in just enough regions . 
  their registration was * revoked * in certain regions . 
  just enough to disqualify them . 
   no matter how many times people try , it will never be the same thing . 
  culturally they definitely wo n't be . 
  europe is much more different . 
  but in terms of economy ? 
  yeah they 're about equal . 
  in terms of population ? 
  about equal . 
  and with those 2 things goes a lot of global significance . 
   never made much sense to me they were largely blamed for the consumption of hard liquor and the saloons . 
  with that came the blame for the breakdown of the family unit , prostitution , alcoholism ... essentially all the `` evils '' of alcohol . 
  also people were worried that they would breed quickly because of the whole `` catholic '' thing and eventually overtake the protestants . 
   oracle actually supports a lot of oss work . 
  oracle also buys open-source companies and then drives daggers into their heart . 
  [ embrace and extinguish . 
  ] ( http://techcrunch.com/2012/08/18/oracle-makes-more-moves-to-kill-open-source-mysql/ ) . 
   i 'm pretty sure if it was n't for games most people could use linux or bsd on their home computers . 
  and drivers . 
  they 've come a long way in the past decade , but driver related disasters are still pretty common . 
  for example : the wi-fi cards most hp 's have been using for the past several years are utterly broken in linux . 
  they do n't work , and even the fix involves modifying the source code ( which wo n't compile otherwise ) of a 3rd set of drivers . 
  and even then , sometimes they do n't compile because they have n't been updated since 2010 . 
  that kind of thing * ca n't * happen to a consumer level desktop . 
  that 's identical to mine ( us ) . 
   but despite early discrimination , things like not having their own language made them integrate pretty fast , and are pretty damn mixed in now . 
  which is especially funny because in the beginning everyone wailed about how the `` irish catholic savage '' would never integrate and would destroy our way of life . 
   once again , another election where policies are chosen by the global markets rather than by national leaders . 
  as it turns out : global markets are actually really fucking important to a nation 's success and prosperity . 
  and most people care about that .
