  old people vote . 
   we ( the west ) should be a bit more humble in this regard and acknowledge that coming to terms with your past is a painful and long process , and that 's true for all of us . 
  there is still a lot of denial and repression going on in the west and i do n't see any moral high ground for us in this regard . 
  there is a lot the brits , the belgians and the americans can learn from the germans in this regard . 
   really ? 
  half our units in high school history were about our own atrocities and unfortunate historical events . 
  what we did with the native americans ( trail of tears , manifest destiny , all that ) , slavery ( exhaustively ) , treatment of pows during the civil war , japanese internment , dropping of the atomic bomb ... american history classes are not an uplifting event . 
  there 's a lot we do n't cover , but that 's mostly because we have a lot of `` dark corners '' and also need time to learn math and science . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  i 'm asking because '' cultural change '' could easily be mistaken with structural changes advocated by our executives , you know ... '' more work for less money '' . 
  well ... they 're not wrong . 
  france 's worker productivity is high , but you can only ride on that as long as other factors do n't become too overwhelming . 
  france is an expensive , unpredictable , and bureaucratic place to do business . 
  over time they 're going to slowly bleed business to places that have similar productivity and are willing to work longer . 
  there 's not a lot of compelling reasons to have a global business based in france . 
   pasadena and san francisco . 
  the local grocery store in pasadena had like five people living behind it . 
  all the homeless people migrate to the warmer areas ( like san francisco ) and california in particular . 
  it 's a lot better in colder places because of that . 
  trustworthy compared to the other available options ? 
  yeah . 
  nytimes is far from perfect , but there 's a lot worse out there . 
  at least in the us taxes are n't high enough for that to be worth it to both parties . 
  maybe if one took all of it , but splitting the difference wo n't leave much . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 've had predominantly bad experiences . 
  san francisco , san diego , boston , los angeles , detroit , lansing , miami , las vegas , houston , philadelphia . 
  yes , he could do that , but the customer has no incentive to do that when it 's not true and when it is true it 'd make up such a small percentage of transactions , who really cares ? 
  as-is traditional cabs evade taxes * constantly * and many will tell you about it if you ask them why they prefer cash . 
  there 's a reason so many pretend their cc machines are broken . 
   but the driver can still change the destination and negotiate a new cash price without uber knowing anything about it , right ? 
  also , i was writing about how it works in sweden . 
  not really . 
  if their rating drops below 4.6 or so they get dropped from uber and ca n't drive anymore . 
  people use uber [ partially ] because they do n't like carrying cash on them . 
  just a small percentage not liking the driver trying to pull that would lead to the driver being kicked out . 
  why do you think a business like uber can take hold ? 
  it 's * because * of how terrible it is . 
  it 's a practically universally hated industry . 
  technically people talking about how bad their cable companies are is also technically annecdontal , but be that as it may the sentiment is widespread enough that people `` get it '' . 
  taxis are the same . 
   interesting . 
  however , the problem of this service enabling drivers to escape taxation , thus undermining legitimate taxi services , still stands . 
  if uber sweden only was interested in delivering the best possible services , i do n't see why they would be against using a taximeter ... 
  it 's all done through credit card , which means it 's all reported to the irs . 
  normal taxis prefer cash specifically * because * they can skip out on the taxes . 
  that 's not possible with uber . 
   everyone knows uber is more expensive in general , so your little anecdote can go fuck itself . 
  uber is * not * more expensive than a normal cab ( at least not uber x ) . 
  their black cars are about the same price as a normal cab , but the car itself ( and quality of service ) is closer to a lower end limousine . 
  also : they do n't use that cute little trick cabs have lately where the machine defaults to a tip of 30 % + ( maxing at 80 % ) when the range used to be 10-20 % , which brings the price of a normal cab up significantly . 
   again the uber shill if you think mbdave is an uber shill , anyone i know would qualify as one . 
  normal taxi 's in the us are absolutely terrible literally * everywhere * i 've ever been . 
  dirty , late ( if they show up ) , drivers talk on the phone , lie about whether they can process credit cards , overcharge , and every other scam in the book . 
  i know * no one * who uses uber then goes back to a normal cab unless they absolutely have to . 
  there will be few businesses in history that go down in flames with less tears being shed than the american taxi industry . 
  because thus far no slide has been proven illegitimate ... and there 's been a lot of them . 
  well , at least we can now officially say russia does not seem very concerned about the us or eu . 
   by that argument you are admitting that the current form of government has been corrupted by greed and is thus already ineffective as is . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the current system of government , but what it 's lead to is light years ahead of the genocide and mass death that tends to follow attempts at communism . 
   poland is rich on a global scale ok , poland is not a rich country . 
  you can add `` on a global scale '' so that we 're technically counting africa , but no one is being fooled by those semantics . 
  poland is not rich . 
   and one ca n't say that only countries as rich as germany should battle climate change . 
  no , but large , developed countries produce most of the waste and use most of the energy . 
  they grew up on cheap energy that we 're now saying the rest of the world does n't get . 
  other countries need to invest in renewables , but the large/fully developed countries are going to have to lead the way . 
  when their demand brings the price of renewable infrastructure down enough for smaller/poorer countries , they will follow suit . 
  it 's pretty much mandatory that the wealthier countries go it alone in the beginning . 
   poorer countries than poland is doing great investments so why have n't poland ? 
  1 ) no , not many . 
  2 ) poland [ is investing in renewable energy ] ( http://www.paiz.gov.pl/sectors/renewable_energy ) . 
  that does n't mean they 're ready to change over in the next year or two . 
   the vanguard party is , yes , a part of the population , not the entire population , but it is there to `` protect the ideals '' of communism except they do n't . 
  ever . 
  that in and of itself is an all-encompassing failure of communism : a flaw in the theory that leads to disaster every time someone tries to implement it . 
   but we ca n't continue to give countries a free pass either just because they are not as rich as germany . 
  it is it like their greenhouse gases will stay above poland . 
  it 's not a free pass . 
  it 's acknowledging that there are real people behind the energy consumption and that we can not destroy their economy ( and with that , their lives ) with a knee jerk/hastily implemented plan . 
  poland like everywhere else will eventually be using either nuclear or renewable energy sources , but now is not the time . 
  long term investment/infrastructure and planning take time . 
   the vanguard party has never realistically put into practice . 
  uh that 's exactly what the bolsheviks claimed to be . 
   furthermore , the vanguard party is not a separate political entity from the population . 
  it 's supposed to be direct democracy in which member of the party has equal say . 
  '' * vanguardism is a strategy whereby the most class-conscious and politically advanced sections of the proletariat or working class , known as the revolutionary vanguard , form organizations in order to draw larger sections of the working class towards revolutionary politics and serve as manifestations of proletarian political power against its class enemies . 
  * '' [ via wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vanguardism ) it 's not the population at large . 
  it 's the `` politically advanced '' people - who later become the oligarchs . 
   i find it amusing how in response to me saying the ussr was n't proper communism you go and say `` yeah but the ussr did this , checkmate ! '', 
  revolutionary theory does not lead to communism as it 's written ( which is why nothing is ever ` true ' communism ) . 
  that makes it an abject failure , not an untested potential utopia . 
   russia was never communist , the soviet union was a sham wearing a facade of marxist-leninism ideals , the ussr was driven by imperialism and greed and who could buy off the most officials . 
  yeah , it had nothing to do with the entire concept of a `` vanguard party '' that is uncorruptable and will eventually just surrender power , right ? 
  i almost forgot that communism has a super secret shield that protects it 's positions of power from the types of people that seek power . 
   poland have had decades at investing in renewables , and if germany can , why ca n't poland ? 
  1 ) money . 
  2 ) money . 
  3 ) money to subsidize the hell out of it . 
  4 ) germany still uses a * lot * of russian gas .
