  we listen i our board because we respect them . 
  if you forced us to take someone in we did n't want or was n't useful , they would just be ignored . 
  i understand why you would support the law , but i think it would an incredible amount of harm to people 's perception of women in business . 
  i can not imagine a faster way to eliminate people 's respect for you than to be considered a charity case . 
   they are though . 
  there are strings attached in the form of memorandums of understanding outlining the reforms to be undertaken to restore stability . 
  greece however has been very effective at avoid real structural reforms . 
  and any attempt to coerce the country into doing more is seen as a blatant denial of democracy ... yeah , i know it 's on paper . 
  i just never got the sense anyone actually expected real structural reform to happen . 
  it 's seemed pretty clear for quite awhile that was n't going to happen in greece . 
  it has n't really seemed like the greek bailouts are ever with the idea they 're supposed to fix anything . 
  it seems like more of a `` keeping the lights on '' kind of situation . 
   its surprising to me that disregardmypants was n't aware of this . 
  i know of the events , it 's just a bit of a different angle than i 'm used to . 
   i have never thought about it that way . 
  it was introduced by the social democratic prime minister persson . 
  sweden had this bad financial crises in the 90 's , which shaped us a bit . 
  i think most parties agreed upon it , left or right . 
  it is just common sense really , at least to me . 
  agreed entirely . 
  here in the us i 'm center-right libertarian , but i 've always thought that i 'd be something completely different in a different country . 
  for example : i do n't want single payer health care , but it 's largely because i do n't trust our government to negotiate prices with pharmaceutical companies that own the very people doing the negotiating . 
  one of my main objections has always been that here we seem to add power to a corrupt government on the idea it can be fixed later , then we never fix it . 
  it 's a brutal cycle , and it 's shaped a lot of my political positions . 
  maybe someday ... 
   honestly , i do not think a single minister is bought ( that does n't mean that they are not stupid ) . 
  what i would give for politicians that were only stupid . 
  it would honestly change my entire political alignment . 
   we now have the rule that you have to balance the budget , pay off your debt etc - so we do . 
  from what i have understood , that would be the dream in some countries ... 
  in the us this would be solely a right wing proposition . 
  interesting stuff right here . 
   it did exist in the reagan-thatcher days , but most other us presidents have either been intentionally sabotaging uk power ( in the earlier days ) or just not giving a fuck about british interests ( in more recent days ) . 
  i have to ask , how did we sabotage uk power ? 
  i 've never really heard anyone worry about whatever power the uk wields/doesn ' t wield ? 
  while that 's pretty debatable , i do n't see how that contradicts what vityok posted . 
   just an example , as we disagree on most parts . 
  buy a luxury car for your personal use via your company , put it under transport expenses . 
  works in almost every country . 
  there 's normally some pretty substantial restrictions that go along with this . 
  maybe a decade ago ( in the us ) you could just slap a sticker on the side and call it a day . 
  those days are gone now here and i 'd be surprised if we were ahead of the curve in restricting such things . 
   that could be said for people that are not contractually self-employed . 
  if everyone set up a company and got paid through it , then the states would have less revenue . 
  this would impact all of us . 
  except that 's how the states setup the system . 
  they setup sole proprietorships and a host of other things * specifically to allow it to happen * . 
  the states having less revenue is not in and of itself an unethical thing if you 're doing what you 're supposed to . 
  it 's not any more unethical than not voluntarily doubling how much you send them at the end of the year . 
   going back to the original story , the problem is that for most of them , these expenses are nothing compared to their salaries . 
  yeah , in greece i have no doubt . 
  i just disagree on the overall problem with setting up a one man company . 
   setting up a company is just a way of obfuscating their real worth and pay less taxes . 
  no , setting up a company is just a way of paying what the government has specified that you should be paying , and allowing yourself to write off the expenses that come with your chosen career . 
  there is absolutely * nothing * wrong with paying less taxes if you 're doing it legally ... and setting up a one man llc or similar is n't even manipulating the system , it 's using it as it was intended . 
  looks pretty accurate to me . 
  anything specific you disagree with ? 
  in greece it is commonplace to ask for a purchase ` without a receipt ' - which means off the books . 
  it ' a not just the wealthy . 
  how is an entertainer setting up a company unethical ? 
  i know many contractor programmers who do the same thing . 
  they are a business in and of themselves . 
  they have expenses related to business as well , that can mostly only be written off if you have a company . 
  it makes sense , it 's not unethical . 
  i 've actually seen a similar point put forth during an npr interview with a guy who wrote a book on parisian culture . 
  if i remember correctly , there is a kind of suspicion of those who are doing well or start businesses . 
  kind of a `` who did you exploit to get this '' mentality . 
   republican donors gave generously to nader in 2000 ; there was a big tantrum on the left when nader would n't reject their donations . 
  blah blah blah . 
  it was a few isolated incidents , not a widespread pattern or general support . 
  the fraction of republicans donating to nader was in fractions of fractions of a percent . 
   if jill stein got any momentum in this campaign , it would be from gop super pacs or republican rich people . 
  jill stein turns away all corporate donations and almost all of her donations ( 69 % ) are less than $ 200 . 
   the gop would be laughing about it all the way to the white house . 
  the libertarians will hurt the republicans more than the greens will hurt the democrats . 
   but my question is if her party has a seat on the congress based on the number of votes they received . 
  we vote for candidates , not parties . 
  no party receives votes , they put forth candidates that receive votes . 
  those votes only benefit the person they were cast for . 
  the number of congressmen the party has depends on how many individuals win in their districts ( house of reps ) or state ( senate ) . 
   should n't she have a seat on the congress to make herself eared ? 
  she 's not running for congress . 
   i mean the people that voted for her have no representation , should n't anyone with more than 0,3 % of the votes get a seat to make those americans voices height ? 
  are you a democracy or what ? 
  we do n't have a system where the majority party/coalition picks the leader . 
   who is jeil stein ? 
  green party candidate . 
  she gets literally no coverage over here . 
  the only people i know who know who she is are the ones who have done the isidewith.com quiz that you just took . 
  the libertarians and republicans are n't fans of the green party , and the democrats will never forgive them for nader getting votes in florida when gwb won ... so they do n't get covered at all . 
  for some reason i did not expect you to end up siding with the libertarian candidate . 
  gary johnson is doing surprisingly well here . 
  must be that foreign policy . 
  [ that would actually be the congo ] ( http://www.targetmap.com/viewer.aspx?reportid=3073 ) . 
  hungary appears to be the largest in europe , followed by belgium . 
  the us does n't really care if they get him . 
  they just want him gone and wikileaks no longer an active force . 
  if sweden does it they 'll be fine with that and he probably wo n't be extradited at all . 
  look for an extradition if sweden 's case fails . 
  also : xs will let you in if you do n't look like a gang member , are not covered in vomit , and appear to have more than $ 100 in your bank account .
