yeah except sometimes ( like when russia killed the polish leaders ) it is really fucking extra-super-mega-convenient with a fucking cherry on top . 
  there is literally * nothing * to suggest that the us had any involvement in chavez getting cancer . 
  people get cancer * all the time * . 
  it 's a common form of death . 
  and his was n't even particularly fast acting . 
   chavez was leading an independent energy policy , selling to china , talking about unification of south america in a new political/economic bloc ... and chavez was also nowhere near establishing a significant bloc . 
  he could barely even keep his own country afloat . 
   are you seriously so retarded as to believe states , and the us in particular , act only out of fear ? 
  keeping political and economic control is as good as any other reason . 
  we already do n't control south america ... 
   i 'm saying it was real fucking convenient , is all . 
  when a world leader gets cancer or dies it 's * always * really fucking convenient for someone or another . 
   not all that hard to believe , since the us tried numerous times [ 1 ] to kill castro and had allende murdered . 
  no , it 's completely hard to believe . 
  the us is n't threatened by latin america , there 's no reason to do it . 
  1 ) he 's right . 
  2 ) he deserved it and can go fuck himself . 
   here 's hoping nato stays out of it . 
  here 's to hoping for stronger sanctions . 
  i would love to see the us take the money we would otherwise put into bombs and put it into subsidizing european natural gas exports so europe can sanction russian gas without the price shooting through the roof . 
   this paranoia that the baltic states have over this supposed russian aggression is both hilarious and sad . 
  mostly hilarious . 
  russia used an excuse ( russian speaking citizens ) that could be used in practically any country that borders it . 
  more than that , they were never * actually * in danger in the ukraine when russia was saying they were , so countries are acutely aware that their actions do n't play into whether this excuse can be used . 
  it 's not surprising people are nervous about russia . 
  honestly it 's kind of bizarre that we need to make the case that an agreement that is documented * nowhere * does n't exist in the first place . 
  the us and the ussr were n't exactly trusting , it 's unfathomable that they would have an agreement about something so important and not put it on paper . 
   and the spearhead of this movement develops a very convenient cancer and mexico devolves into a failed state and ...  are you saying we gave the leader cancer ? 
  what the fuck , we just ca n't win . 
   south american countries that have been firmly under the thumb of the u.s. for decades have become rightfully bolder about telling the u.s. to go fuck itself . 
  i would like to point out that we have done nothing about this . 
  we have n't been sanctioning over it , overthrowing , invading , or anything else . 
  there 's a lot of anti-us sentiment in latin america lately , and our response has been entirely civil . 
  post cold war foreign policy in the us is almost completely unrecognizable from cold war foreign policy . 
  they are legally required to do what they did ... 
  customer support would n't change it . 
  difference being that in this situation people vote for putin . 
  no one voted for sadam . 
  it 's not desirable , but something * had * to happen . 
  you do n't get to invade european democracies and have nothing happen . 
  right now things are fine for putin because the sanctions are just starting to bite . 
  if they keep going he will lose his entire claim to legitimacy - improving the economy . 
  and more importantly russia wo n't have the capacity to invade another neighbor . 
   however not only these small tax havens are a problem . 
  tax competition within the us has lead to many companies hardly paying any taxes at all . 
  for example boeing in washington . 
  delaware has a very strange tax regime . 
  delaware can only protect you from state level taxes , which are a small fraction of taxes overall . 
  number of ~ ~ landmines ~ ~ landlines per 100 inhabitants : also known as `` percent '' . 
   you indeed work in latvian politics . 
  instead of trying to fix the relationship between the lv and ru , you want to restrict freedom of speech . 
  i actually agree with you , but it 's worth noting that most people do n't really care when the entity being restricted is a foreign government ... and because the russian government owns almost all their tv media , you 're restricting them , not a corporation or individual . 
   when france did n't want to go to iraq they were vilified in the us  every time the us wants to go into a country to bring 'em some democracy they want it to be an alliance - they want to spread the responsibility  sure the us needs europe as a customer , but they also want europe as an ally to stand together against future economic and military challenges to their spheres of influence from bric countries oh do n't get me wrong : i 'm not saying we can stand alone politically . 
  just that our current allies are more than sufficient to exert whatever kind of pressure we need to , and for pretty much anything there 's * enough * that will assist us . 
  even in the case of france , it was more of a `` what the fuck , we kind of expected support '' kind of thing than a `` we absolutely need your support '' kind of thing ( not that we were right to get upset either way . . it was an odd time in american history ), 
   i do n't agree with that . 
  i think europe serves its best interests by being independent from both russia and the us . 
  i am in favor of a strong european union and strong partners in switzerland , norway etc working together and not falling prey to easy money and support from us or brics or gulf states - the more we rely on foreign investment , loans and `` protection '' the more we submit to foreign agendas that are not always beneficial for europe and europeans i think people concentrate a lot on loans and things like that , when the us has one real interest in europe : we need someone who can afford to buy our products . 
  it 's * really hard * to be the people paying the highest wages on the planet , because it constricts the market for those products . 
  for us , europe is that place with higher wages . 
  it is the massive market that we can sell things to . 
  that 's * part * of why our sphere of influence is so large : we want customers , and the only way you can be a significant customer is to have a widespread decent standard of living . 
  we do n't need more land ( the us is largely empty ) , we do n't need ports or access to this sea or that sea , and we do n't need more political influence or allies . 
  we need markets to fuel our growth . 
  1 ) crimeans were barely involved in leaving ukraine . 
  russians were . 
  2 ) there are legal ways to leave ukraine and crimea could never muster the support to do them . 
  i disagree . 
  they could have not done anything in this conflict . 
  it would have been easier . 
  they did n't . 
   the internally-ukrainian `` legal method '' consisted of a nation-wide referendum - which obviously would have failed because of the nationalist western-ukrainians . 
  western ukrainians are not nationalist , unless your definition of `` nationalist '' is `` likes having a nation '' . 
   that method also runs counter to the principle of self-determination . 
  1 ) there is no such thing as a principle that allows an area to unilaterally and undemocractically break off from another country that had invested in it for decades . 
  you can ask the south in the us , or the chechens in russia about that . 
  2 ) there 's also no legitimate referendum or vote that allowed the crimeans to `` self determine '' . 
  3 ) `` self determination '' does not involve a foreign military holding an election at gunpoint . 
   the reason crimeans wanted out in the first place is because ukrainians were making decisions for them . 
  the crimeans are ukrainians . 
  they lived in ukraine , on ukrainian land . 
   this is exactly the `` get abusive spouse to agree to a divorce '' scenario . 
  except no one was abusing crimea . 
   this is the most ` wtf ? ', 
  for me . 
  $ 1 for ever beer ? 
  bar tenders would be on # 100k a year salaries if we did that over here . 
   yeah , our bartenders do quite well . 
  yes . 
  except you do n't * need * a beer the way you need most things you would bribe for . 
   you seriously tip them a dollar for every beer ? 
  even if all they 're doing is opening it and handing it to you ? 
  yes . 
  because at least in cities there 's a shit ton of people in most of the bars , and they all want beer and most of them will tip or have boobs . 
  also i tend to forget more when i get drunker . 
   you say this like there was n't a literally illegal coup in the country like weeks before . 
  yes , because the first thing coups do is declare elections in which the party of the person overthrown can run for office . 
  that 's totally common . 
  / s yanukovych was removed ( and i use that term loosely ) for human rights violations , not politics . 
  he tortured and killed protesters who had been peaceful for months after removing the right to protest .
