   in this sense a reconciliation with iran would be welcome . 
  it 's not a coincidence we suddenly decided iran/cuba were worth talking to after ~ 50 years . 
  nato acts as a deterrent . 
  the fact that it 's not being used actively right now does n't mean it 's not making a huge difference in people 's lives . 
   i say let them pay less than 2 % . 
  then when russia attacks them we also do n't uphold our end of the deal of helping them no . 
  we uphold nato no matter what . 
  it is vitally important to global stability , our own standing in the world , and the safety of our long time allies . 
  why yes , everything will be better if you go about achieving the number in the least effective and efficient way possible ? 
  the army could also invest heavily in almonds !, 
   i thought a lot of black people converted to islam in the past , following malcolm x and the like . 
  but looks like i overestimated the movement . 
  yeah , there 's not that many of them . 
  they just get a lot of publicity because they are/were quite loud . 
   unemployment is only going to rise and rise ( unless we make up bullshit jobs just for the sake of having jobs ) and we need an alternative solution to this `` problem '' of increased automation . 
  the problem is n't that there are n't enough jobs , it 's that there are n't enough jobs * in france * . 
  you can !, 
  you just have to wait until they show any signs of wanting to * not * be under your influence . 
  when that happens it 's clearly a result of a nazi surge . 
  * nationalist = likes country existing * likes country existing = does n't want to be a part of russia or russian puppet state * does n't want to be a part of russia or russian puppet state = nazi that seems to be the current logical path . 
  no one is stealing international acceptance . 
  they 're just not giving it . 
  acceptance is n't owed . 
   yeah , because ukraine at the moment is totally going in that direction . 
  they 've been a little busy thanks to a certain neighbor ... 
   it 's not that fucking difficult you moron . 
  how is it that you do n't get it by now . 
  you accuse me of circular reasoning , but you introduce a logic error in your argument in the first condition and then draw a false conclusion from it , just like an idiot would . 
  it 's really not that fucking difficult . 
  you should really stop mouthing off your face hole and think before you make a fool of yourself . 
  lol . 
  u mad bro ? 
  the logical error was already in your original post . 
  i just summarized it in a different format that makes it more obvious . 
   `` the president ( sepp blatter ) is not involved , how can you say he has to step down ? 
  he is the president , if he is re-elected then he is the president for the next four years . '', 
   completely ridiculous . 
  like the only ethical guy in fifa somehow managed to rise to the top and maintain his position for years ? 
   some of those guys are so old and fragile they 'd be lucky if they survived a year . 
  for example eugenio figueredo from uruguay is 83 years old . 
  well , they have a lot of time to exercise . 
  not a lot of space , but definitely a lot of time . 
   you 're reading comprehension is rather weak . 
  you are arguing with yourself and imagining a circular logic that does not exist . 
  i said the rich and powerful , not the rich or powerful . 
  go back to class , pay attention next time . 
  ... your reading comprehension is the issue . 
  i also said rich ** and ** powerful . 
  dumbass . 
   talk to me when wall street titans who absconded with trillions of dollars or government and elected officials who make billions on insider trading through legislation are taken down . 
  otherwise stfu and gtfo no one * ever * said that rich and powerful do n't help in avoiding jail . 
  the discussion is whether they * do n't go to prison * which is easily shown to be false . 
  and was . 
  they sometimes do . 
  circular reasoning . 
  ( a ) `` the rich and powerful do n't go to prison '' ( b ) `` martha stewart '' ( c ) `` no , because ( a ) '', 
  hurr durr ethnic cleansing is okay because russia 's sphere of influence . 
  it 's pretty literally everything else about russia ( including that ) that make it fascist . 
  ... some people might call that `` a flaw in the ideology '' . 
  there is no way in hell they were going to win . 
  none . 
  in large part because while only the more right leaning conservatives vote in primaries , the party at large would abandon them in the general . 
  nevermind the independents . 
  / slow clap, 
  has nothing to do with anything . 
  so what ? 
  amnesty international is a good organization . 
   do instagram and whatsapp make any money at all ? 
  just from using their services i ca n't see any form of monetization . 
  it 's not about direct revenue . 
  it 's about facebook being less popular with younger teens , and wanting to make sure they have their hooks into that demographic . 
  facebook wants to know as much as they can about you , then use that for a larger ad network ( off-facebook ) . 
  that 's why they 'll acquire things without profit . 
  people join nato because of russia . 
  no one is pressured . 
  the next time someone complains about `` russophobia '' , i 'm going to link to this as an example of the very real attitude that makes people so untrusting of russia . 
  because countries that do n't end up having random russian breakaway states pop up inside them . 
  not yet . 
  did some googling , apparently they 're called proofsters . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i 'm sure it varies region to region . 
  i just do n't get to meet the ones that do n't come here . 
  psi 4 lyfe, 
   you are also well aware then that it is also exponentially easier to con funding out of people . 
  we really have far too much money sloshing around that 's really just being squandered and ever more contributing to income disparity . 
  money gets stupid , fast when it 's looking . 
  it 's possible , but i generally am part of the bootstrap crowd . 
  call me old fashioned , but i love a business model that actually works . 
   fuck you . 
  i 'm going to use you as a barometer of barometer usage . 
  does this mean metric has been defeated once again ? 
  * i 've heard similar things from portuguese . 
  * english people seem to have similar frustrations but it seems less well founded . 
  * germans rarely fully leave germany , but they 'll come over for a year or so . 
  * finns do n't talk to anyone so i never meet them . 
  * irish people here are just here because facebook funnels a lot of their best talent here ( occasionally with a stopover in vancouver while papers clear ) then they do n't leave . 
  * dutch people that come here * may * have had startup ambitions , but appear to mostly drink early in the morning ( when football/soccer games are on ) and run around wearing their flag as capes instead . 
   please . 
  nobody leaves a lucrative business because their feelings are hurt . 
  tell me that they left because there was too much bureaucracy , or taxes were too high , or labour laws were too stringent , or credit was too hard to come by and i 'll believe you ; but tell me that they left because people were telling them bad things and i 'll have to call bullshit on their self-reported reasons .
