  would n't have been much point if we were n't involving ourselves in europe . 
  the us ( geographically ) was damn near impossible for him to invade , so declaring war would just be adding another enemy with no real hope of a gain at the end . 
  edit : to explain - the north ( canada ) is not easily traversible by heavy weaponry , the south runs into texas and is still a rather small front to fight on , and armies even now ( and certainly at that time ) did n't have the ability to move enough troops/machinery far enough for a sea-based invasion ... especially while evading the us navy . 
  the us is a virtual fortress . 
   and so was usa . 
  usa was n't invaded by germany or anything like it . 
  we could have just gone against japan and ignored europe . 
   let 's just take a moment to also remember that the ussr was completely content with germany fucking shit up as long as it was n't their shit . 
  `` the only problem the russians have with the nazis is that they invaded russia '', 
  hitler did more to defeat himself than any nation could have dreamed of . 
   and solidify the support for putin even more , likely ... that ship has sailed . 
  he 's not going anywhere . 
  all that can be done is make russia 's financial limitations restrict their worst ambitions . 
   you do n't follow football , perhaps ? 
  did you see the flag ? 
  related : uptick in journalism majors . 
   i 'd argue that russia is a regional superpower , and if not they are really trying to become one . 
  you 're just combining the words . 
  a `` regional superpower '' is just a regional power . 
  not a superpower . 
  protectionism is not a valid economic policy . 
  europe 's economy is in the shitter because they are uncompetitive - their talent wants more money than they 're worth and their governments want more in taxes than the value their citizens provide [ except the germans ] . 
  `` you know , given the history of europe 's ` integration efforts ' it 's pretty understandable the gypsies do n't trust your integration efforts '', 
   and not sure how it matters but the android version of chrome is also much better than ff . 
  that 's partially because android chrome serves a lot of site resources to you from google 's server rather than the actual site . 
  they gzip compress pretty much every resource , so you 're downloading a lot less on the phone . 
   germany checking in : that came unexpected . 
  i always thought the whole world uses firefox . 
  why is chrome so much better ? 
  chrome 's javascript engine ( when it came out ) was light years faster than any other available one . 
  most sites nowadays are * very * reliant on javascript , so it essentially made pages load a lot faster . 
  firefox 's next js engine ( which came out significantly later ) was comparable , but chrome gained a lot of market share in the interim . 
   i already use it for facebook and youtube because they keep freezing my pc in chrome , just need to gather some motivation to set up all the addons and settings i need for the full switch 75 % chance you 've got conflicting flash plugins . 
   hold your horses . 
  statcounter.com is not a reliable source . 
  ff users likely use ghostery or other addons to disable the trackers ( as i do ) . 
  the percent of users that use such things is quite low . 
  source : am in advertising . 
   question to anyone : i have chrome installed ( due to a previous emergency where firefox was n't working ) , but i do n't use it . 
  does google still extract data from me ( online or offline ) ? 
  most of their data is from the address bar . 
  through that you can get most keyword searches , most domains you 're visiting ( w/o searching for them on google ) , etc, 
  that 's * beyond * minimal . 
  and mccain was n't even giving advice . 
   i 'm cautious because russians `` know '' that it 's the west doing shit in ukraine and not them . 
  and we `` know '' the opposite . 
  i have no doubt that the west is n't more in the right here , but makes you wonder what we really `` know '' . 
  one side has lots of claims that are insanely well documented , confirmed by multiple sources in multiple ways ( not everything , but many ) . 
  the other does n't , and has regularly had their more specific claims disproven . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  the west has done very , very little in ukraine . 
  anti-mortar radar and some light sanctions - the minimum one could expect for invading and annexing part of a european country . 
   this gets overlooked a lot . 
  there was no eastern front for a while because the ussr started the war with the nazis by invading poland together . 
  the main point seems to be that the ussr was very effective at getting more of its own troops killed , so they did the majority of the work . 
  seriously , it blows my mind britain managed to fight as long as they did . 
  britain is just not that big . 
  being an island helps , but given the population and resources available to britain at the time ( and the fact that no one expected the war on their doorstep so soon ) it was downright incredible . 
   the hatred displayed towards russia is a pretty good indicator that it works . . russia 's been doing some pretty fucked up shit that at least echos a national mindset that harmed a lot of nations around them . 
  there is western propaganda , but i think attitudes towards russia right now are mostly dictated by russia 's very real actions . 
   more moral ? 
  no more naive ? 
  yes less competent in espionage ? 
  yes  france , germany , and the uk all engage in industrial espionage , and france does it more than pretty much any country in the western world . . 
   what is so outrageous about expecting people who are victims of racism to have a greater understanding of racism than people who are n't ? 
  so let them speak , and i will listen to what they have to say . 
  to be blunt : if you 're going to exclude me , go ahead ... but go fuck yourself in the future . 
  i 've got no interest in helping anyone who 's interested in excluding me from an event . 
  literally all of them . 
   nice to hear . 
  i and many europeans feel the same towards the us . 
  sadly , and that is something that concerns me deeply , is the rice in anti-american sentiment within europe due to americans foreign policy ( including nsa 's business ) over the last decade . 
  we 're not a perfect country or anything , but i ca n't really imagine another country that aspires to being a superpower handling it much better . 
  but yes , to an extent it 's understandable . 
   honoustly i find most of these people fairly naive concerning geopolitics . 
  they consistently underistimate the importance of military pressence ( in whatever form , active or passive ) for the sake of economic survival of both the us and eu . 
  i however do worry about the state of america 's democracy and the increasing influence of companies on america 's foreign policy - which is n't loyal towards both the us and eu . 
  arguably the only upside of the whole fiasco with russia is that in a lot of places this kind of thing is on the decline . 
  i foresee a strong relationship with eastern europe and particularly poland in the near future . 
  [ here 's some examples ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial_espionage#notable_cases ), 
  yeah , i was kidding . 
  but a guy can dream . 
   just one week ago it was revealed its engines are not up to specifications . 
  the old engine is n't up to specs . 
  there 's already a new one . 
  does this mean they can arrest bono ? 
  i mean , at least one good thing should come from their atrocious `` gay propaganda '' law . 
   its not like they wouldnt have reasons to maintain a spying activity in france . 
  our three biggest political parties have shaddy characters . 
  sarkozy was corrupt as fuck and sold assault ship to putin , holland is supposedly allied with old time communists and le pen is flatly sold to russia . 
  it would be irresponsible of other not to spy on france political figures as if one russian pawn would be put in a sensible place it would endanger the whole nato [ also france is one of the primary countries that conduct espionage on behalf of private companies . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20110104-france-industrial-espionage-economy-germany-russia-china-business/ ), 
   even if they are old , they are still better than f35 according to everything published about f35 . 
   the f-35 had a rough * really early * start , but pretty much everything has been fine with it since . 
  it 's a more than capable multi-purpose fighter . 
   european cars do n't really have cup holders ( other than maybe one in the center console ) because you 're driving , not drinking coke gaddemnit . 
  i agree , but where do you put your beer then ? 
  i should specify : these were for kids . 
  here 's an example though http://www.gomdsc.org/, 
  you do n't have to adhere too closely .
