  average productivity is high in france * per hour * but they work a lower number of hours . 
   most people already work that in france . 
  the 35-hours week for them just means that they will get 2 or 3 weeks of holidays on top of the mandatory 5 weeks . 
  but that would still mean that it would average to 35 hours a week ... unless i 'm somehow interpreting this wrong . 
   i also run a small company . 
  you know , i do n't have any stasi over my shoulder checking if i am browsing reddit like a good citizen or if i am working past midnight . 
  very cool . 
  i honestly do n't know how you do it . 
  while i 'm sure it does n't feel stasi like over there ... every experience i 've had or had shared with me just makes it all seem very formal and controlled . 
  we did n't even * have * a vacation policy ( and still largely do n't ) for over 1.5 years . 
  the rule was `` ask '' and the answer was almost always `` yes '' . 
   i also worked , as an employee , for weeks that were quite longer than 40 hours , totally legally . 
  here it works by giving employees additional holidays . 
  flexibility is present , but the legal week gives a basis for negotiations . 
  how much do you give by default in the way of vacation time ? 
   if you think this is far-fetched , consider that the eu working time directive [ 1 ] making 48 hours the longest possible week , was considered to stringent for uk , which managed to get ( again ) a special dispense . 
  yes , but considering this is a us person and the us workweek is generally 40 hours , i 'd assume that 's what this person would consider an acceptable workweek . 
  even at 48 hours though ... it 's not for everyone ( and should n't be ) , but i do n't really think it 's a ridiculous amount . 
  i run a startup , and sometimes we just have `` work until the job is done '' tasks . 
  sometimes we leave early as well . 
  a `` max '' work week does seem like it would restrict flexibility that is sometimes necessary . 
   if a worker is not willing to work seven days a week , 14 hours a day he 's actively sabotaging economic growth . 
  pretty sure they 're talking about 8 hours a day , 5 days a week . 
  the 40 hour work week . 
  but hey , i guess we can make it sound like a monstrous suggestion if you 'd like . 
   you make some good points but still why are white families less troubled than black ones ? 
  why do whites have a higher median income and iq ? 
  why do white nations/cities systematically outperform black ones ? 
  why can asians come to the us and do just fine yet blacks continue to be at the bottom of society despite all efforts to bring them up through various governmental programs ? 
  so some 50-60 years ago because of segregation if you were black it was virtually impossible to succeed . 
  no good jobs , no quality education , nothing . 
  so let 's say 90 % were `` poor/uneducated '' and that many placed little value on education ( no historic support for it and you were n't going to get a good job anyways ) . 
  let 's also assume the average black person has kids at 25 and there was 10 % upward mobility . 
  in 1954 , segregation ends . 
  in 1979 you have the first generation who has grown up in white schools ( albeit in worse areas ) . 
  you 're up to 20 % `` not poor/uneducated '' . 
  in 2004 you have the second generation who has grown up in white schools turning 25 . 
  you 're now up to 30 % not poor/uneducated . 
  see the problem ? 
  upward mobility is slow . 
  it takes time to change the attitude of the culture , but also takes time for the successes to stack on themselves . 
  combine this with everything i discussed above that * hugely * suppresses upward mobility ( lack of a father , criminal records , and everything that goes with it ) and it 's a really , really big problem . 
   the gap between blacks and whites can not be solely explained by cultural/environmental variables , there 's certainly a racial component involved and frankly to think otherwise is to dig your head in the sand . 
  i think i 've explained it well . 
  in absolute terms ? 
  yeah , we have more whites than blacks . 
  the median income for black people is $ 32,000 though , and the median income for a white person is $ 54,620 [ [ source ] ( http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/a0104552.html ) ] . 
  combine that with the `` destruction of the family unit '' that i mentioned , and what you end up with is a much larger number of the white families having 2 incomes , and black families more frequently having 1 income at maybe 60 % of a single one of their white counterparts . 
  there 's also a difference ( in terms of crime ) in being poor in a rural area ( more commonly white ) and being poor in an urban area ( more commonly black ) . 
   covering up the data does n't help anything . 
  if you hate data , feel free to downvote this . 
  ( it wo n't change the data ! ), 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  my comment does n't do anything to conceal the race - it * highlights * race . 
  it just goes on to explain * why * that race is more likely to commit crimes - which in this case is the fact that they make up our poorest population . 
  these urban areas ( mostly filled with black families ) have been * decimated * . 
  poor education systems , the destruction of the family unit ( mostly related to the drug war ) , and a general lack of opportunity and jobs creates a cycle of poverty . 
  who are the primary occupants of this cycle ? 
  black families . 
  poverty moves the crime rate through the roof no matter which race you are . 
   which is probably tied to views on these races as well . 
  chicken/egg ? 
  not really . 
  impoverished white people have a significantly elevated crime rate as well ... as do latino areas . 
  meanwhile black people who live in suburban areas do not have the same increase that those in the inner city do . 
  it 's about poverty and lack of education . 
  if you live in detroit , there is a 47 % chance you 're functionally illiterate . 
  in an economy with no jobs ( even for literate people ) what do you think these people are going to do for a living ? 
  it 's not anything good . 
  a huge piece of our murders take place in impoverished inner cities , primarily amongst black men . 
  some people blame this on race , but realistically it 's more about poverty and lack of opportunity ( which concentrates the drug trade in those areas ) . 
   the difference between ireland and the uk is probably comparible with the differences between most american states . 
  that 's what i fucking said . 
   that 's still kind of normal to be honest . 
  not in the rest of the us . 
   i would n't eat it but it 's still food . 
  so is stinky icelandic fish . 
   yes , that is an interesting comparison but it was worth pointing out because the usual definition of an immigrant for a eu state is `` someone born outside the nation it resides in '' . 
  we are not yet a single nation . 
  agree with this . 
  the eu - right now - is closer to our earlier articles of confederation . 
  a theoretical super state but with most of the power reserved for the individual members . 
   as a fellow american , that was brutal reading those comments . 
  you got totally owned . 
  i 'm glad i did n't open my mouth . 
  i did n't know half that shit either . 
  errr . . i got dragged into a conversation about catalonia and had a bunch of people decide i was saying the us was more diverse than europe when i went out of my way to indicate that 's not what i was saying . 
  i learned a lot about catalonia , i 'm still comfortable with my general point . 
   better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid , then open it an remove all doubt . 
  `` before a man speaks it is always safe to assume that he is a fool . '', 
  it wo n't be if you pick the most most extreme examples . 
   i disagree strongly . 
  there 's a much greater difference between european countries than there is between american states . 
  god damn it . 
  is it not possible to have a conversation without it being a dick waving contest ? 
  i 've not been talking in terms of `` greater '' . 
  yes , * europe has greater variety * . 
  i 'm merely stating that the us variance between states is comparable to that of many eu countries . 
   as long as people from one state do n't feel the need to vomit when they see food from another state , you can leave the food argument ( i 'm looking at you , iceland and your rotten fish ... ) louisiana . 
  and for that matter , `` soul food '' from the south .
