  there 've been many failings you did n't mention . 
  cambodia [ ( who could forget khmer rouge ? 
  ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khmer_rouge ) , indonesia , etc. 
  and most had a period of intense starvation with hundreds of thousands or millions dead ... aside from catalonia , which was promptly destroyed by the other communists . 
   the ussr became one thing ; cuba , china , vietnam and north korea all became entirely different things . 
  yes , because communism 's various revolutionary theories * do not lead to communism * . 
  it 's not a * defense * of communism that the `` revolution '' inevitably fails to lead to it , it 's a * fatal flaw * . 
   when your country is under constant economic attack and espionage , as well as having internal dissidence supported from the outside , it is no surprise that it gravitates towards authoritarianism . 
  you mean like every country ever ? 
  they become authoritarian because there 's no mechanism for maintaining the power of the people , and the worst types of people are attracted to the vacuum . 
   so , you ca n't use the `` communism has n't worked before ! '', 
  argument . 
  or that `` communism has done nothing but kill people ! '', 
  argument . 
  absolutely can . 
  once again : it constantly failing to create what it 's supposed to is n't a defense , it 's a weakness . 
   because , firstly , a very large part of why it did n't work was due to external factors i bravely await the communist moonbase , where they can be free from that whole `` existing in the real world '' thing - finally able to exist in a literal vacuum . 
   not really , more than enough people have died in the name of capitalist profits 1 ) no they have n't , especially when you consider the proportion of communist countries to capitalist countries . 
  2 ) you still need to acquire resources in communism . 
  you still need to pull resources out of the ground and build them into things . 
  yup . 
  we 're a pretty fucked up country , but i 'd place our death toll against the death toll communism and it 's related failings have created any day of the week . 
   does n't change the fact that terrible crimes have been committed through ideologies other than nazism and communism . 
  terrible crimes , yes . 
  but really nothing that compares . 
   not all communism is soviet-style , and it is certainly not the type of system than most modern communists seem to aspire to . 
  the problem is rarely what communists aspire to , it 's what it becomes anyways . 
   one hand you have the nazis who will tell you upfront they intend to do bad things like ethnically cleanse their nation , install a dictatorship , take away workers rights etc. 
  and then you have communists who want to build a classless and stateless society where poverty can be abolished and people can live in peace . 
  ` ya but screw it , let 's just equate nazis with communists ! ', 
  the communists killed more people than the nazis . 
  even giving them the benefit of the doubt and saying `` oh , the deaths related to the holmodor and the great leap forward were accidents '' - all you can say is that they 're better at killing people by accident than the nazis were at killing intentionally . 
  it 's pretty hard to top nazism and communism in terms of raw death toll , nevermind the hardship produced . 
   than start with right/pravvy sekktor i had really hoped them getting obliterated in the ukrainian elections would put the russian created myth of the `` significant right sector '' to bed . 
  do you think it 's possible ( or likely ) that a communist party establish itself in those regions based on communism * not * related to the ussr ? 
  most of the time when i read about a communist part in eastern europe they seem to be doing the whole `` pining for the ussr '' thing , and i do n't know how one would establish a communist party without relating it to the nation 's history with communism . 
  for the record : i agree with you . 
  political parties should not be banned . 
  i 'm just kind of understanding in this scenario , even if i do n't approve . 
   communist parties have existed in most of western europe and have been at the forefront of all fights for workers ' rights , equitable welfare , civil liberties and other bastions of modern european democracies . 
  could you see how ex-soviet republics may not remember them as fondly ? 
   however at what point is it still free speech rather than hate speech ? 
  there is not really a distinction . 
  hate speech is included in free speech . 
  that said , europe seems to be doing ok with `` free-ish '' speech . 
  i do n't support banning any political parties at all , but i can totally see how a country that [ mostly ] survived the holmodor and spent decades under soviet rule could come to the conclusion they should ban the communists . 
   it is also interesting to note that both journalists were in ukraine illegally , had no proper accreditation , were dressed similar to the terrorists , were walking around with them in the battle zone at their checkpoint . 
  if i remember correctly they were also part of a `` news '' agency that was a part of the russian department of defense equivalent . 
   you have used this word so much that it means literally nothing now except ` russian ' . 
  alright , let 's run down the list of best ofs for the miltia : * attacking from civilian infrastructure * taking 60 + people , including journalists hostage * taking over government buildings with automatic weapons * operating on behalf of a hostile foreign state * using force to prevent people from voting * kidnapping and transporting members of the country they reside in to outside countries that 's pretty `` terrorist '' - y. 
   the unsc has always been a joke , permanent membership should n't be a thing . 
  it 's not supposed to be fair , it 's supposed to prevent war . 
  so we give the most powerful countries ( aka with the most combat ability ) permanent seats in the hopes that something ( either discussion or silence ) will replace bullets . 
  fucking christ : they need to process credit cards and bank wires . 
  once again : if it was that simple people would be doing it already . 
  there would be no spam e-mail , brazil would not be getting unlicensed beauty products , rebilling health products would n't exist , etc. 
  it 's not even close to that simple . 
  are you like 15 or something ? 
  as i said : i 've seen this play out regularly . 
  dozens of times in about as many countries . 
  the country literally always loses . 
  there 's entire industries that revolve around rotating merchant accounts and things like that . 
  policing the millions and millions of transactions that occur every day is not even remotely feasible , even if on one occasion by getting the attention of the fucking * state department * in the country that both the credit card companies and paypal are * based in * transactions got frozen . 
  even beyond that your be in violation of a huge number of trade agreements and treaties . 
  your * only * chance at stopping a company from remotely doing business in your country is customs . 
  if they do n't ship a physical product you 're out of luck . 
  if your solution worked , brazil would n't have been playing cat and mouse with unlicensed beauty products for the past decade and spam email would n't exist . 
   which is basically the only way to tax efficiently companies when they fraud everything at every level ( i 'm talking about the ones making a profit here ) , if they keep at it . 
  hollywood accounting [ 1 ] is the standard way to do accounting in a lot of corporation because it 's not yet outright illegal . 
   this is idiotic . 
  done for taxes what you describe * is illegal in every country in north america or europe * . 
  outright illegal . 
  no questions , no defense , no nothing . 
  that 's why they make you maintain your receipts . 
  your perception here is fiction . 
   agreed , we need deep reforms there . 
  it 's also worth noting that taxing revenue is the world 's fastest way to turn yourself into a 3rd world country , which is why no one does it . 
  if i spend $ 500,000 and make $ 550,000 on the deal ( $ 50k profit ) , at a 20 % tax rate i would have been taxed $ 110,000 - meaning i 'd lose $ 60k on the deal . 
  most businesses work on a 4-7 % margin . 
  that makes it pretty literally keynesian poison - it discourages spending to such an extreme level that you have no hope of economic existence . 
   if the bnp ( then french bank ) got caught after having dissimulated some transactions between 30 + intermediaries , we can track companies too , do n't worry about that . 
  that 's what accountants are for . 
  this is n't one rogue bank doing rogue things , this is literally the entire mechanism by which credit cards and debit cards are processed . 
  it 's not done to obscure things . 
   well if they consider you and issue , i 'd say '' 'till you are in canada ( e.g : physically ) , and they start deporting your non canadian employees , blocus-ing your bank accounts and freezing your physical non-net operations on their ground like intercepting your parcels systematically at the border customs . '', 
  once again : we are in canada , so we pay attention to canadian laws . 
  what we were addressing is the fact that when you * do n't * have a registered presence in a country there is fuck-all that country can do to you . 
  ---------------------- once again - this is basic , basic stuff . 
  not a political statement , not a set of ideals . 
  basic business and accounting . 
  so far in the pursuit of this absurdity you would have to completely burn down and redo the entire tax system , banking system , credit/debit system , and accounting system , the mechanisms for national sovereignty in * every country on the planet * , * and * at the end of it you would land in financial ruin . 
  so please : take a class , read a book , anything . 
   and then we can laugh at them when they try doing business with us or come here . 
   once again , unless you 're going to start blocking websites you ca n't really stop them . 
  i 've seen this play out a trillion times . 
   it has . 
  offering a service the company owe ( e.g : tech support ) and need to make money . 
  it provides a service , yes . 
  but it 's not necessary to do business in a country . 
  and it does n't itself make money .
