  they are fucking nazis . 
   your insulting manner and ad hominem likening of beanfart to nazi 's is not helping your position . 
  he * is * . 
  he is at the very least a white supremacist . 
  the `` anti-white '' shit is straight out of storm front . 
  that word was specifically created by those groups , then spread in various copypasta responses for months and months . 
  the entire point is to re-frame an argument to a white supremacist perspective . 
   what you are doing is trying to drown him out with insults and slander i am calling a spade a spade . 
  it 's not name calling when he * actually is a neo-nazi * . 
  and for the record i also included citations . 
  i just did it in way that was not respectful . 
  why ? 
  because i do n't respect him . 
  i am not going to dance around talking nice with fascists . 
   stop the butt-hurt and stop feeding the trolls if views like his were n't regularly upvoted on reddit ( and similar views upvoted in / r/europe ) i would not reply . 
   you need to understand how the other side got to be like that . 
  i fully understand how they got to be like that . 
   no-one is born racist or a nazi or a socialist , their experiences colour their views on society . 
  i am well aware , that does n't mean i should be an apologist for fucking nazis . 
  the cure for `` bad speech '' is more speech . 
  it only works as long as their ideas are continually countered and countered harshly . 
   disagree on that . 
  in 30 years france will be on par with germany or better . 
  why is that ? 
   germany itself will mostly disappear within the next 100-200 years ( maybe not the country , but all what is and was good about it ) but this is just me ... a german with german angst . 
  ca n't help but wonder your reasoning here . 
  i ca n't see germany becoming anything other than a stronger economic powerhouse than it already is . 
  i think ultimately they will be the most powerful state in europe by a long shot . 
  france has an incredibly high opinion of itself for very little reason . 
  in 30 years they will cease to be anything remotely close to a world power or even a european power . 
  the populism in their politics will destroy their country . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  no one else even sees it in terms of a country being white or non-white , or sees either of those as a goal as your comic implies . 
  it 's just letting people move around the world . 
  so when you 're trying to act like it 's a `` goal '' ( as in that comic ) it really does n't impact anyone . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  your movement is so weak it 's being defeated by people not even actually attempting to make countries `` non-white '' . 
  it 's being defeated almost by accident . 
  it 's downright pathetic . 
   all these comments make perfect sense to me . 
  anti-whites loves to whine about white colonization past , but keeps worshiping demographic europe 's colonization by non-whites . 
  you are a nazi piece of shit , but for the sake of argument , i 'll reply and do so with exactly the level of respect you deserve . 
   anti-whites loves to whine about white colonization past yes , because colonization in the past was absolutely brutal . 
  perhaps trash like yourself should crack a history book before you start making comparisons . 
  start with the [ congo free state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congo_free_state#humanitarian_disaster ) - '' * failure to meet the rubber collection quotas was punishable by death . 
  meanwhile , the force publique were required to provide a hand of their victims as proof when they had shot and killed someone * '' [ ... ] '' * the collection of hands became an end in itself . 
  force publique soldiers brought them to the stations in place of rubber ; they even went out to harvest them instead of rubber ... 
  they became a sort of currency . 
  * '' [ ( more ) ] ( http://www.yale.edu/gsp/colonial/belgian_congo/index.html ) then move on to [ saint-domingue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint-domingue#establishment ) - '' * have they not hung up men with heads downward , drowned them in sacks , crucified them on planks , buried them alive , crushed them in mortars ? 
  have they not forced them to consume faeces ? 
  and , having flayed them with the lash , have they not cast them alive to be devoured by worms , or onto anthills , or lashed them to stakes in the swamp to be devoured by mosquitoes ? 
  have they not thrown them into boiling cauldrons of cane syrup ? 
  have they not put men and women inside barrels studded with spikes and rolled them down mountainsides into the abyss ? 
  have they not consigned these miserable blacks to man eating-dogs until the latter , sated by human flesh , left the mangled victims to be finished off with bayonet and poniard ? 
  * '' then try and make a comparison . 
  good fucking luck . 
  oh noez , you have to buy your cigarettes from someone who has a little bit darker skin than you . 
  who knows , maybe someone is even speaking a different language than you . 
  poor you . 
  you 're totally being victimized and shit . 
   but keeps worshiping demographic europe 's colonization by non-whites . 
  it 's not colonization you dumb , pathetic fuck . 
  let 's start with the definition of [ colonialism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colonialism ) . 
  no one is claiming sovereignty over your country . 
  they are not exercising control over you . 
  more than that , they 're not forcibly inhabiting , they 're being invited in by a democratic society . 
  you do n't know the history of what you 're talking about , you do n't know the words you 're using . 
  you 're just incompetent trash , worse for whatever country you reside in than the people you 're complaining about . 
  go jump off a bridge . 
   multiculturalism is a problem because there are many cultural incompatibilities and little or no effort to integrate !, 
  how would you expect these people to integrate while rocks and glass bottles are being thrown at them ? 
  it is the kind of hate that is present in this video that leads to insulated communities of people not exposed to the outside . 
  you ca n't force them out of society then whine that they 're not inside of it . 
  not especially ... but i 'm still disappointed . 
  i 'm not some politically correct racial crusader , but that video tugged at my heart strings a bit . 
  i just do n't understand how someone could watch that video and come out with the opinions i just posted . 
  i know it 's youtube , but i just do n't get it . 
   you 're quite naive then . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  they were plainly being abused for nothing other than walking around . 
  merely existing is not a clash of cultures . 
  what other unconnected people have done in the country does not change anything . 
  we are talking about * these people in the video * , and they did nothing wrong . 
   i only see muslims ( being used as bait ) in this video and britain is immensely diverse so why not other ethnicities as well ? 
  because it has a political agenda . 
  or because they are taking taking the traits of a few and applying them to everyone regardless of actual actions . 
  that is what we call racism . 
   cultures are colliding and racism is not the cause or an issue . 
  gross legal incompatibilities are . 
  racism keeps getting called for lack of better argumentation skills . 
  in this video there were no cultures colliding . 
  they were walking down the street . 
   perfect interpretation . 
  now just spin a little more and ask why now and why like this . 
  probably because of people who were * not * in this video , and whose only connection to these people is their religion and the color of their skin . 
  which is also called racism . 
  sorry for repeating myself , but the same issue is spread throughout your post . 
  you are essentially defining racism and then trying to use it as a way to explain why it 's not racism . 
  some gems from the youtube comments : * this is bullshit theres parts of england yes england that are basically run by pakistanis and they do exactly what these twats on this video are doin to whites this panorama video is sosososo bias * ------------------------- * if this woman is afraid of racism in britain why she is wearing hijab . 
  i 'm sure whithout her hijab she would n't feel so threatened .
