  i 'm in california . 
  even our average supermarkets have pretty solid cheese . 
  why yes , if you go to a shitty store you will get shitty cheese . 
  what a revelation . 
  this changes everything . 
  of course you could go to [ somewhere that actually stocks quality products ] ( http://www.biritemarket.com/departments/cheese/ ) when you 're looking for quality , and find [ high end cheese ] ( http://www.nealsyarddairy.co.uk/cheeses.html ) that is made by [ people who actually give a damn ] ( http://www.cowgirlcreamery.com/ ) , and you 'll have a [ different experience ] ( http://www.roguecreamery.com/store/ ), 
  cheese ? 
  really ? 
  we 're acting like the only type of cheese made in the us is `` american '' cheese aka kraft singles ? 
  what a pathetic article . 
   was the murderer under mind-control ? 
  you are responsible for murders you order/approve from a position of authority . 
  otherwise hiring a hit man would n't be a crime either . 
  i 'd rather them favor them and not use them than favor them and use them . 
   but basically has the same ideology minus the hitmen tacktics ( or better hitmen ) well , if they have to do that it 's a step in the right direction at least . 
  and they hitler salute . 
  ca n't forget that . 
  i 'd wager somewhere in china . 
  china 's already pushing hard to transition from a manufacturing economy to a service economy , and the common step after service is a financial economy . 
  they 're already a powerhouse ... by the time enough ice melts they 'll be much larger . 
  the point is to prevent world powers from going war , not to be perfectly democratic . 
   you seem to have a hard time understanding that we live in a republic and that the government does not exist in a vacuum . 
  1 ) i 'm not saying politics do n't matter , i 'm saying that people are much , much more than their politics . 
  2 ) in this country ? 
  yeah , it damn near does . 
  it has it 's supporters , but it fails at representing a huge percentage of our citizens . 
  there 's millions and millions of people like you and me who have very little influence on our own government because of how it 's structured . 
   millions of americans share the same beliefs as the worst of washington . 
  and millions of americans who do n't . 
  and millions more agree sometimes , and millions more agree rarely . 
  and millions who do because of a lack of understanding on their part or reasons you and me may not understand , but are still good people . 
   i think my social and political views line up with < 10 % of the country so i ca n't really follow you there . 
  same . 
  so what ? 
   are there many good people that i would love to have over for dinner ? 
  sure . 
  at the same time i just fundamentally can not get along with them in the sense of democracy . 
  you really seem to be having trouble separating politics and government from people . 
  there are good people on all sides of the spectrum and people are not entirely defined by who they vote for . 
   i do n't see why i should ever die in one of our many wars simply because of the borders i was born within . 
  i hear you on that . 
  that fits into `` what our government has become and that we let it happen '' . 
  the `` country '' is the people inside of it , at least to me . 
  i 'm not ashamed of being a us citizen , i 'm ashamed of what our government has become and that we let it happen . 
  the us is full of incredible , driven people trying to do the right thing . 
  even in the most backwards parts of the country there are nice people who will give more than they can afford to give to help you if you 're in need . 
  i 've been surprised more times than i can count by people who had no reason to surprise me . 
  i know it 's cliche , but i really do love this country . 
  [ read my next comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1kq34n/western_european_values_compared_with_the_us/cbrlu9e ) - '' * research was a bad point because or private sector puts out so much . 
  why not jfk ? 
   the us does do certain things better than everyone else . 
  i do n't understand where the idea of the us `` not being as educated '' or `` not having as much in the way of research '' come from . 
  the us outputs more research and has made more advances in technology and medicine in recent decades than any country in the world . 
  europe is too diverse to describe it as `` more educated '' . 
  research was a bad point because or private sector puts out so much . 
  but in terms of education we do lag behind a bit behind the european powers a bit ( i should have specified `` powers '' ), 
  no , but the politics of the day ( and with that how you know your country is perceived externally ) certainly helps to shape your self-image of your country . 
   many people i talk to about the fact that most successful people caught a lucky break at some point in the past always argue that i am wrong . 
  there 's a difference between being lucky at some point and that luck being the driver of that success . 
  i know a lot of very successful people ... some you could say luck was involved and some you could n't . 
  but i ca n't think of a single one where i 'd say that they were successful * because of * luck . 
  even in the luckiest of cases they worked their asses off to be in a position to make the most of whatever came their way . 
   essentially , if you work really hard , pay your taxes , get a 9 to 5 then you 'll be able to make a lot of money and ergo , be successful . 
  i 've hardly heard anyone who thought this . 
  if anything , escaping the 9-5 is more symbolic of success . 
  being successful is being the anomaly , not the `` every other joe '' . 
  as an 18-29 year old , most of my young life was spent growing up in the bush era . 
  obama has n't exactly set the world on fire either , so we do n't have a whole lot to embrace in some ways . 
  other generations had their fdr or jfk ... we did n't . 
   also , a clever redditor once told me that this was one of the defining characteristics that separated us mentality from most of the western world . 
  i think it 's also why we do so well as a country ( not the best , but well ) . 
  we 're not as educated as europe . 
  we do n't have as much in the way of infrastructure or research either . 
  what we do have is a population willing to work their asses of for something better . 
  it 's the only reason we 're able to compete . 
  no one that is going to commit a serious crime will be worried about the ticket they 'd get from covering their face . 
   you 're really not being ` actively watched ' . 
  that 's a misnomer . 
  there 's a chance that some of your data is being stored , but not really looked through . 
  no need to have a person watch anymore . 
  computers are almost as good as a person would be . 
  at least where i grew up leaves could get moldy/mildew if you did n't deal with them before the snow covered them up and let them sit there for months ... and in turn they could kill the grass . 
   as with all matters of security , it 's not what you think they would do , it 's what they have the power to do . 
  for twitter ? 
  to a government ? 
  virtually nothing . 
  yeah he 's going pretty hard . 
  @ 1:37 that 's one of the more intense episodes of fishing out i 've seen . 
  it 's hard to fish out with just a cracker ( no balloon ) . 
   france , having an active , verified twitter account gives twitter this power , though . 
  what exactly do you think twitter would do to the french government ? 
  i understand that they 'd need to them to publish on a specific medium , but it 's not like they would be too hampered without that medium . 
   you should never be forced to use the services of a for profit organization to interact with your government . 
  paper and pens : apparently non-profit ? 
   how common is it ? 
  in the us it 's pretty common . 
  the nitrous containers are sold in sex shops and tobacco stores . 
  it 's about $ 30 for 50-75 of em . 
  you see them a lot at festivals . 
   or put warning labels on whipped cream ... cans that actually involve whipped cream are very much a high-school era thing , and most will already have warnings .
