  i think we 'll see cheaper printers , stronger bonding agents , and more versatile materials very soon . 
  3-d printing is just too game changing for that to not be developed quickly . 
  it 's applications in prototyping alone wi drive a huge amount of investment . 
  right ? 
  stupid american . 
   someone wants to give out food or aid , i think it should be allowed . 
  are the police matching or exceeding the aid and handouts that these guys were providing ? 
  they 're allowed to , just not in that specific location . 
   if what i read is correct , the difference is real , but the numbers are not . 
  fuzzing is a lot more common on posts to a subreddit than comments . 
  only comments with a pretty significant number of votes will have fuzzing . 
  they 're allowed to , just not in that particular square ( outside parliament ), 
  holy shit , belgium really exists . 
  in the us it means `` athlete '' , generally in the context of highschool . 
   which country would do / has done that ? 
  the point is that no one * has * done it because they would be immediately crushed . 
  it 's effective as a deterrent . 
  once upon a time ? 
  probably the soviets . 
  but unfortunately you ca n't make history happen in a vacuum . 
  we do n't know how the last 60 years would have panned out with the united states being the de-facto world military power . 
  one nation being so strong that other nations ca n't even realistically * aspire * to be the lead military power would have a pretty major impact on the course of history . 
  edit : for the record , i 'm not the one who downvoted you, 
  the us does n't want everyone to put in * as much * as them , just more than they are right now ( which is very little ) your analogy is also somewhat off because europe benefits significantly from the us 's spending ( and in your post that 's not the case ) . 
  it provides security because another country messing with a eu country would bring the us down on them . 
  the entire concept of nato works by discouraging attack based on the power of all member states . 
  but as it stands , the us is the vast majority of that power . 
  perhaps a better analogy would involve europe ordering only appetizers knowing the us would let them take food off it 's plate if they were still hungry . 
   they 're designed to not only leave whoever borrowed utterly bankrupted and destroyed beyond recovery they 're not `` designed '' to do anything of the sort . 
  you borrow money ( voluntarily i might add ) and you have to pay it back . 
  the only reason you 're `` bankrupted '' is because you borrowed too much . 
  if you want to see what `` destroyed beyond recovery '' looks like , imagine what it would be like if they * were n't * getting these loans . 
   of the whole thing while the lenders look magnanimous as they literally draw the last drops of blood from that people . 
  where do you think all those safety nets the `` people '' benefited so much from over the last decades were coming from ? 
  loans . 
   it 's devilishly brilliant , actually . 
  and unstoppable by now . 
  it will only end with mutual destruction . 
  this is just insane . 
  governments elected by their citizens voluntarily borrowed this money to provide what the people wanted . 
  they did so irresponsibly , because as it turns out they could not afford to pay back what they * chose * to borrow . 
  there 's nothing `` devilish '' about it . 
  to places that could n't get loans anywhere else at the rate germany gives them . 
  germany is n't victimizing anyone . 
  i 'm apparently sweidsh ... except in the us i 'm centrist libertarian . 
  how in the hell does lack of confidence in government make me swedish ? 
  sigh . 
  maybe the atheism is what did it . 
  i really , really do n't like hollande so it pains me to say this : but these are actually really good ideas . 
  france is feeling the heat of globalization with a lot of it 's `` older '' industries - manufacturing , resource extraction , etc. 
  they need a transition into a more up to date economy , but have n't had a lot of successful startups forming . 
  there 's still a lot of things that make france difficult for start-ups , but these are major steps in the right direction . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  he was n't flattering , but he did n't demonize them . 
  and communism only came up maybe once in the whole thing ( via the announcer ), 
  it 's complicated but suffice it to say i have friends/associates who make considerably more than me . 
  i 'm probably the 20-30 % . 
  when it comes to the real competitive threats like china they * do n't have to price dump * . 
  their supplies are cheaper and their labor is cheaper . 
  they can undercut almost anyone without losing a nickel . 
  it 's generally at nice clubs . 
  you pay a bunch extra , essentially for preferential treatment . 
  you get a table with a rope blocking it off from randoms , waitresses bring you full bottles of ( wayyy overpriced ) booze and mixers so you do n't have to wait at the bar , people `` with '' you can generally get in front of the line , etc. 
  i only pay at the lower end places ( $ 250 or so ) and even then rarely . 
  some business associates do n't have the same qualms about paying at the higher end places ( in vegas , ny , etc ) . 
  a beer at a restaurant/bar/club is around 100nok . 
  norway = insane costs . 
  i have to ask ... what 's bottle service and a table cost ? 
  the cheapest i 've gotten here is $ 250 for 2 fifths of skye and and a table . 
  the worst is $ 10,000 + expensive booze ( vegas on the night marquis opened ), 
  united states citizen here : many of us ( i dare say most ) are aware . 
  you can get a dui on a bike here . 
  taxis are pretty damn expensive too . 
  i normally drink within walking distance . 
  can you explain ? 
  the oecd is pretty reliable in my experience . 
  it 's not even an american agency . 
  [ average wage in the us is the highest in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage ) as is disposable income ( 2011 data ) . 
  [ when you use median income to compensate for income inequality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ) we 're # 2 and luxembourg beats us ( 2007 data ) . . though we were only beating norway by $ 100 , they 've certainly not * doubled * our income since 2007 . 
  how much is the tax on it out there ? 
  state + federal we 're at 65-70 cents per gallon , plus sales tax . 
  so if you have 4 beers you have to wait like 5 hours to drive ? 
  damn . 
  0.02 % is not drinking all night !, 
  that 's what you breathalyze at the morning * after * drinking if anything . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  even if you 're underage for drinking here , most jurisdictions will allow more than that just for sacramental wine and whatnot . 
  damn . 
  here we try and make getting caught for drinking and driving expensive , you guys apparently went the other route and just made it expensive in the first place . 
  '' * yeah , i was gon na get drunk and drive home , but i could n't remortgage my house at 2 am . 
  if my numbers are right , norway is paying 9.38 us dollar per american gallon ? 
  that is absolutely insane . 
  i get pissed when i 'm paying over $ 4 per gallon . 
  edit : also worth noting i 'm in cali , one of the worst states for gas prices here . 
  quebec will still hold down the fort . 
   few developed economies are doing well . 
  they 're not doing well , but they 're doing better than france . 
  ... and france 's economy is n't doing well . 
   it does n't have to be like that it does . 
  i 'm sorry , but there 's businesses who entire businessmodel is duplicating successful competitors .
