  what has westboro actually gained from being allowed to exist ? 
  practically nothing . 
  they are n't seeing an influx of members . 
  there 's not people coming around to their way of thinking . 
  if anything it has been a rallying point for everyone else to counter them and make it clear that their opinions are evil and wrong . 
  that 's the great part about protecting free speech : when your protect others right to say as they will , you also protect your right to counter them and make it clear what ignorant assholes they really are . 
  allowing westboro to exist has likely * hurt * the cause of homophobic bigots . 
  the `` areas where the drug cartels operate '' * is * all of mexico . 
  they keep a couple super-tourist areas not especially bloody but they operate everywhere . 
  you got ta be kidding . 
  mexico is insane right now . 
  yeah , but you have to admit ... others seem far more likely than hollande to be the harbingers of business and jobs . 
  he 's already effectively alienated the investment class ( without gaining anything , as it was overturned ) and i do n't get the sense the french government has the funds to singlehandedly boost employment . 
  he better have a trick up his sleeve , because the traditional routes to decreasing unemployment seem to be closed to him . 
  facebook is a us company with a small office in ireland . 
  why the hell would they be paying taxes in places they have no locations or employees ? 
  they make their money from ad revenue . 
  does reddit pay polish taxes on the money they make from ads displayed to polish users ? 
  egyptian ? 
  german ? 
  * no * , they absolutely do n't . 
  that 's not how the internet works . 
   i still do n't understand what in her track record affords her such high regard . 
  she 's heading a country that in the midst of the financial crisis has emerged as the superpower of the eu capable of supporting not only their own weight , but the weight of other struggling countries as well . 
  that 's impressive . 
  you can get menthol tobacco and menthol filters that increase the menthol taste ... over here it 's sold in gas stations . 
   but what exactly is the logic for going against electronic cigarettes ? 
  lots of money coming from pharmaceutical companies that create drugs like chantix , and even more from the people that make over the counter treatments like nicorette . 
  that 's downright ignorant . 
  it is actually possible to damage your body so badly from obesity you can not ride a bike or jog . 
  i have a relative who is that way , and i 've seen the reports from the doctor . 
  eventually it damages your spine , which makes most types of working out not really possible . 
   top 3 : usa ( with only one non-asian ) and what is the problem with that ? 
  asians are american too . 
   what ? 
  2 asians living in a country with 310mil citizen happen to be better at math than 2 swedes ... :d yeah , totally makes usa 's education system as good as any scandinavian country . 
  wait no , it doesnt  we prefer to call them americans . 
  maybe you have n't heard , but americans are almost always some kind of immigrant . 
  you do realize biking can not cure all aches and pains , right ? 
  if someone has a knee injury , arthritis , or a back that has been hurt by years of obesity biking will not necessarily help anything . 
  bikes are not a cure all for physical problems , especially ones years or decades in the making . 
  like most things i think it 's a question of degree . 
  power must be wielded responsibly . 
  most would agree its wrong to take 100 % of someone 's income and that doing so is closer to outright theft ( or perhaps bullying ) than a more moderate amount . 
  so you 're suggesting that the u.s. and the ussr were so trusting of eachother they would not document or sign any document relating to the future expansion of nato , and sinply have a gentlemen 's agreement ? 
  that is completely absurd . 
   what he is pretty much implying is that since gorbatchev had a `` verbal contract '' the west that nato would not expand east of west germany , which it should always be noted does n't exist/have much of anything to support it . 
   one surely has to be a lawyer to actually buy this kind of bullshit . 
  they 're just avoiding the minimum wage law . 
  they have no say in the number of hours or when an uber driver works . 
  that 's both an integral part of how they attract drivers * and * part of the definition for `` contractor '' . 
  combine that with the fact that the driver owns * their own car * and uses it , and it 's really , really solidly within the definition for contractor . 
  not just the letter , but the intent . 
  and beyond that , i know several uber drivers . 
  all make significantly more than minimum wage , and most just use it as a flexible way to fill in gaps while they try to pursue something they 're more passionate about . 
   its not a `` dont use them '' decision . 
  if we allow them to run the existing structure goes south ... that only happens if essentially your entire country disagrees with you regarding the quality/reliability of lyft and uber . 
   just by ignoring the rules that apply to their competitors . 
  wont happen . 
  i 've already explained that your laundry list of rules they 're breaking is inaccurate . 
   independent contractors is bascially saying `` ruin the employee infrastructure '' - maybe we germans are too much socialist for you guys  no , there 's a pretty significant degree of control that 's given up when you declare someone a contractor . 
  they are objectively different . 
   nah - i might curse them from time2time , but i want reliable , accessible taxi services . 
  i 've done hundreds and hundreds of rides , and uber/lyft/sidecar are by far and away better than any traditional taxi company i 've ridden in . 
  but if you do n't feel that way , the answer is simple : * do n't take uber * . 
   yeah well in germany it disrupts a lot of things we do n't want disrupted : - insurance for passengers ( by law ) uber and lyft both provide insurance from the moment a passenger is picked up . 
   minimum wage ( just introduced ) uber drivers are independent contractors , not employees . 
   taxing revenue of drivers ( ... ) ... drivers are taxed just as any other business . 
   nightly coverage/rural coverage of transport-service uber is just for allocating jobs to independent drivers . 
  they 're not in charge of the drivers . 
   this is not a disruption - this just violates reasonable laws - and a lot of them . 
  it * is * a disruption , and most of the laws you mentioned are issues that have been long dealt with . 
   uber is actually just an asshole company , and they do violate a ton of laws - this is not `` the glorious digital industry disrupts '' , this is `` the asshole company makes money by violating laws '' . 
  airbnb is close to that ( think taxes ... ) those are not mutually exclusive ... disruption of an industry often involves the laws that the industry has set up to protect itself . 
  uber ( at least where i am ) offers a safer , better product than a universally loathed industry ... and industry * so bad * that people simply do n't care about the law or the likelihood the newcomer is breaking it . 
  that is absurd and stupid . 
  the police enforce laws on whoever is in the country . 
  they 're better/worse equipped to deal with some , but they enforce laws on everyone . 
  yes ? 
  russia 's aggressive policies that made it 's neighbors not trust it were to blame for poland 's response ... edit : i 'll also point out poland was right . 
  when russia came through their territory they did n't leave for like half a century . 
  police also work with non-citizens . 
  transients , foreigners , illegals , legal migrants , seasonal migrants , and everyone else . 
   if the hunger of hitler would have extended beyond lands that had been german for ages , were lived on by german people en masse , then i think you would have had a point . 
  hitler * invaded * lands that were not german ... i do n't know how to reply to something as ridiculous as what you 've just said . 
  ruling from moscow . 
  with almost entirely russian soldiers . 
  and a russian ideology . 
  ... yeah , minority report is not a thing yet . 
  yes , it 's more difficult than normal for the existing system , that 's a long way from not having one . 
   none . 
  that is why this is a disgrace . 
  aside from the normal police ? 
  which is kind of their job ? 
  sometimes they put it in a squirrel . 
  so let 's review : * the religion is constant between the two locations . 
  * it is not a problem in one of those locations looking at those 2 things , one should logically conclude `` the issue is not the religion , other factors must be at play '' ... which is exactly what i said . 
   oh na\u00efve american , you 're so sweet and innocent . 
  yeah , what do i know ? 
  only lived surrounded with them for 20 + years .
