  that kind of `` defense '' can definitely be seen as an act of aggression . 
   no , not unless you 're planning on invading ... 
   low resolution proof from a public satellite provider ... and yet even at that resolution , it 's really fucking clear what 's on the ground . 
  seriously , i ca n't believe all these people who expect the us to release military imagery . 
  they practically * never * do that and there 's already so much evidence the rebels did it this sure as hell is n't going to be an exception . 
   protection of what ? 
  i do n't consider russia a bigger threat than the us . 
  military expenditures by country . 
  if you had russian bases on your soil instead of us bases you 'd probably see a pretty significant difference . 
   i 'm kind of removed from this conflict and i was n't paying much attention to the news but what stands in a way of accepting palestinians as an israeli citizens ? 
  the palestinians reproduce quickly and there 's a fairly large number of them . 
  israel is a democracy . 
  that means in a short time israel would no longer be a jewish state , which is contrary to it 's purpose and is definitely objected to by israelis . 
  the one state solution is the least likely of the options, 
  st.petersberg is a bit unique from what i understand . 
  gas . 
  you only have as many soldiers as you can afford . 
   good if so , but sadly it 's very unlikely . 
  he did n't say anything not yet known . 
  really ? 
  because i 've read a * lot * of arguments about whether or not the rebels shot the plane . 
  the artic is melting . 
   i prefer the option because economic sanctions are an unknown risk to europe , which is teetering on the edge of deflation . 
  a small multinational force sounds ideal , a strong message sent to putin and it saves damage to the europe 's economies . 
  i am reasonably sure that the us would be more than willing to subsidize transport for american gas . 
  in the long history of '' * expensive ways we combat russia 's sphere of influence * '' it would n't be at the top or anything . 
  lol . 
  let 's not politicize it ? 
  there 's nothing political about pointing out they 're his weapons and he trained the people who shot them . 
  interesting . 
  not long ago this channel was making videos in multiple languages [ about how all russians were considered terrorists in the ukraine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbevkn5uy1s&amp;src_vid=8-b8ckc96wu&amp;feature=iv&amp;annotation_id=annotation_2122606047 ) , and petro porshenko wanted to `` cleanse '' the donbass region ... complete with nazi imagery . 
   someone told me that only three guys survived from the first truck . 
  there was panic and terror . 
  someone told me that one guy blew himself up with a grenade to avoid being taken prisoner by the ukrainians . 
  they did n't understand that they were being attacked by their own people . 
  someone apparently told local militiamen that right sector [ a ukrainian nationalist group that was part of the maidan protest movement ] fighters were rushing down the highway in two trucks . 
  ... but then  ** rfe/rl : what was the official story ? 
  **  gasparyan : on television they said something like that the militias were transporting unarmed wounded under the sign of the red cross and ukrainian forces fired on them . 
  at that point , i still did n't know we 'd been attacked by our own forces . 
  i was sure it was the national guard . 
  sometime in the morning of the 27th , two guys from the cover group that remained at the airport woke me up . 
  they told me that it was friendly fire . 
  not surprised . 
  not even a little . 
  i 'm on my phone , so regrettably i ca n't . 
  though i will never , ever vote for her for president . 
  she 's way to far into `` think of the children '' territory for me . 
  hillary clinton is one of the best secretaries or state we 've had . 
  and i 'm not even a democrat ... 
  iceland 's government did * not * default . 
  some icelandic banks did . 
  big , big difference . 
  an over saturation of businesses just leads to better wages as people compete for workers . 
  and when competition gets too high , the least effective/efficient companies die off . 
  it 's like water finding it 's level . 
   please , please , please tell me that 's an isolated , extreme case . 
  it 's one of the strongest union cities in the country , so that would n't fly in a lot of places . 
  in detroit or chicago though ? 
  that kind of thing is n't terribly surprising . 
  the entire water plant is where they move people from other sections of the city government too incompetent to do their job , but not bad enough to fire . 
  that 's part of the reason it was considered acceptable : no one really saw the water plant as a place for water distribution . 
  it was just the final resting place for those who could n't work elsewhere . 
  edit : the part about not being able to unfold a folding table or tighten a bolt if it 's a union job is widespread . 
   what do you mean ? 
  americans trust the executives/company bosses more than they trust the unions ? 
  i 've seen that in discussions with americans before , but i do n't understand the why of it . 
  alrighty , here we go . 
  1 ) unions here historically have been * very * corrupt . 
  close ties with the mafia , things like that . 
  [ see : jimmy hoffa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_hoffa ) 2 ) americans hate not having choice , and union dues are automatically deducted from your paycheck . 
  this is worse when combined with # 1 . 
  3 ) unions are seen as slow and ineffective , and americans like efficiency . 
  they do n't want to wait 2 hours so someone can tighten a bolt or 3 so someone can unfold a folding table . 
  [ and they certainly do n't want things like a horeshoer at a water treatment plant that has no horses that the union makes them keep in a bankrupt city ] ( http://www.michigancapitolconfidential.com/17404 ) 4 ) unions here are quite aggressive when they have power - to the point where they 've essentially bankrupted certain cities ( uaw and detroit ) 5 ) unions * won too many victories * . 
  a lot of the protection they offered at their peak is now codified in law , making membership less advantageous ( and making # 2 more annoying ), 
   / r/europe [ 1 ] 's patriots are the very same warmongers as their russian counterparts . 
  they would rather have the whole eu go to war with russia than even as much as consider a diplomatic solution . 
  most people see no reason ( or point ) to negotiating with the pro-russian rebels , but going to war with russia itself has a big , nuclear difference . 
  it * is * the result of communism 's revolutionary theory and as close as anyone 's ever going to get . 
  the strategy here is brilliant . 
  declare communism to be a utopia then it can do no wrong . . because if it was n't a utopia it was n't communism . 
  communism in the real world is a terrible , terrible system . 
   whenever say `` we all know what communism leads to '' they never talk about communism , but about tyrants using communism as an excuse . 
  did workers in the sovjet union or china actually own means of production ? 
  no , the state did , with no intention to ever let go . 
  yes , because revolutionary theory in it 's multiple forms does not actually lead to communism . 
  you ca n't say `` oh , well this end game could work ! '', 
  without specifying a path - especially when the path has always failed in the past . 
  giving everyone a sports car and a mansion is a great end game too , but it 's worthless without a real path to get there . 
   actually , the mob wanted him gone after he cancelled an ukraine-eu treaty . 
  they wanted to move in a pro-eu direction , but there 's nothing wrong with protesting to that end . 
   protests are democratic - as long as they 're lawful . 
  if they stop being lawful , we call them riots , and then the riot police moves in - regardless of it is kiew , berlin - or d.c. 
  they start being riots once they 're violent . 
  not before . 
  yanukovich was not overthrown for being pro-russia . 
  he was removed for banning protest then killing and torturing protesters who had been peaceful up until that point . 
  human rights abuses , not politics . 
   democracy is a good thing in the majority of cases ... but there 's also the tyranny of the majority , and especially in the ukrainian/russian situation we see right now , this tyranny of the majority had to eventually lead to friction - which is what we see today . 
  there was no meaningful attempt by the east to peaceful leave .
