  you misunderstand : they do n't leave the business . 
  most of this stuff is online . 
  they simply leave . 
  it has to come from somewhere , but if you 're running a startup you 're risking your ass and that is a fucking huge cut that 's likely to become a chunk of that ass . 
  in sf proper you do n't need a car , but for the cost of your rent you could own a fleet . 
  i live in sf , own a startup , and have been doing similar stuff for about a decade . 
  the city is chocked full of european entrepreneurs who left because of the culture . 
  the most common complaint ( especially for spain ) is that the perception is that if you 're making money and employing people , you 're clearly victimizing someone . 
  the job is hard enough without that . 
  so they left . 
  no , i 'm saying your statement was completely incoherent , and that the points are unrelated . 
   except you got 8 times more upvotes than the comment at hand . 
  so that 's clearly not true . 
   my comment was n't `` whatabout '' russia , it 's pointing out that russia has done a lot of fucked up shit * to ukraine in this very conflict * and this is totally not out of character . 
  it 's not justifying fucked up things by citing another random country that 's done fucked up things . 
  it 's pointing out that one * very involved party * has been very untrustworthy in this conflict . 
   so when russians pull the `` but you guys did xy too '' you reason with `` but that does n't justify yours '' . 
  however , when an american says it , everyone agrees . 
  what ? 
  nope , when an american says it they get downvoted into oblivion because it 's a stupid argument . 
  also : the us is barely a player here . 
  we organized sanctions , that 's about it . 
  so attacking the us is even more irrelevant than normal . 
   there is no such a thing as racist , supremacist socialism . 
  i would n't tell them that [ though i 'm sure they do n't think one can be racist against white people ] . 
   sure , anybody has the right for stupidity , and nbpp is using it , but it does not make them far-left or even left . 
  no , but `` collective action '' and `` cooperative economics '' certainly put them on the level . 
  the guy who founded that particular `` branch '' also has a long history of being targeted * as a leftist * , including as a part of the cointelpro program . 
  / the more you know, 
  it 's not marxist , it 's their own fucked form of socialism . 
  from the wiki :  although the nbpp says it sees capitalism as the fundamental problem with the world and revolution as the solution , the new party does not draw its influences from marxism or maoism as the original party did . 
  instead , it promotes the kawaida theory of maulana karenga , which includes black unity , collective action , and cooperative economics . 
   i 'm curious , did you learn in school that production and demand match in capitalism ? 
  meaning only people who are lazy are unemployed , only people who like camping are homeless etc ? 
  those statements do n't really follow . 
  statement 1 does not imply statements 2 and 3 . 
   dismissing an entire political ideology as irrelevant is a bit extreme , no ? 
  there are a couple of aspects of socialism that are pretty decent . 
  some aspects survive . 
  but the overall economic system ? 
  pretty much irrelevant . 
  russia also * does * a lot of things , so it 's a tough call . 
  it is pretty much impossible to truly exhaust netflix 's content here . 
  licensing issues abound internationally . 
   if they ( the government ) have willingly created an environment that has made it desirable for international corporations to move their business to ireland for the tax reason that 's going to also create an environment where foreign money is going to be used for lobbying . 
  and you 're 100 % wrong . 
  entirely based around lobbying laws . 
  did n't read all the way through blankverse 's post . 
  no its fucking not . 
  money for lobbying is entirely based around your laws related to lobbying , which have fuck all to do with your tax rate . 
  more than that the companies hiding huge money with ireland and the netherlands are on large part bay area companies ( facebbok , google , etc ) who would be skinned alive for finding this kind of shit and lose half their home base employees . 
  source : live in sf , run a business , etc, 
  they fight abroad because they 're losing state after state here . 
   this may be the case , but from all the parties involved , assad may be the least bad . 
  the so called free syrian army has long merged with islamist groups , daesh , jabahat al-nusra and other sects . 
  the kurds may be able to form some sort of state in the kurd-dominated areas but for the rest of syria , there is no alternative . 
  assad also seems to have some sort of within the population . 
  not all the rebel groups have allied with each other , but the worst ones are definitely the biggest right now . 
   yes . 
  yes , it is . 
  and yet people insist we need to bail out ukraine just to spite russia . 
   giving aide to ukraine is not just to spite russia . 
  it 's * for * ukraine . 
   i think sixty million people is a minority of the music consuming public . 
  certainly not the majority . 
  i am sure that spotify has competitors and equivalents but the usa and eu have a combined population of 800 million and about 100 million just in the 15 to 24 year old bracket . 
  unless nearly all of those spotify users are of the younger generation , most people do not stream their music . 
  going by the sales figures they are not buying it either . 
  there are lots and lots of pirates . 
  the numbers show that , even more so if you consider that spotify is available in quite a lot of other countries too . 
  spotify also is n't the only competitor in the space , and is only licensed in some places . 
   that we do n't know the most convenient way to get a single track , does n't mean someone who regularly downloads those does n't know that . 
  i pretty much live on the internet . 
  if there was a new kazaa or limewire that did n't suck i 'm pretty confident i 'd know . 
  they also sell your bandwidth by the gigabyte to businesses that are n't a part of the network . 
  they just rebrand it as [ luminati ] ( http://luminati.io/ ) . 
   the truth is that lots of people still download their music and nothing is going to stop that . 
  convenient services like spotify can persuade some users to stop downloading , but not if they are too expansive . 
  the time when you could get rich by selling albums might have come to an end . 
   proportionally ? 
  not many . 
  there 's not even a decent `` download a single track '' p2p network anymore . 
  meanwhile spotify has ~ 60 million users . 
   should we go out wearing clothes in the colours of the flag and shoot fireworks like americans or something ? 
  do n't knock it until you 've tried it . 
  fill a tennis ball with gunpowder and glitter and let ` er rip !, 
  ^ \\* disclaimer : ^ do n't ^ really ^ do ^ that, 
   people speaking french or american it 's happening !, 
  a language of our own !, 
   the peoples ' side is one that wants the best for everyone and seeks cooperation between states you mean like `` policy right up until russia took over crimea '' ? 
  the fact is that not everyone will play nice all the time . 
   rather than political agendas pursued by the us and russia which divides the world . 
  russia 's big sticking point is that they hold control over their sovereign neighbors . 
  there 's not much middle ground to be had there . 
   ~ ~ no , all military spending . ~ ~ \u041d\u0435\u0442 , \u0432\u043e\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u0445\u043e\u0434\u044b figured i 'd translate that into russian for you to get you started . 
   cold war ii . 
  i do n't want to be on russia 's or america 's side . 
  i just want to be on the peoples ' side . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  there is no `` people 's side '' , and if there was they sure as hell would n't have nukes .
