  yes , how could i ever compare the 40 % arab population of an area right next to me to the 5-8 % spread throughout places like the uk ( and less elsewhere ) ? 
   out of interest , have you ever lived in a european country with a high muslim population for any length of time ? 
  legitimately curious . 
  no , but i lived in the us in an area with a significant arab population right next to an area that was 40 % arab ( who were obviously mostly muslim ) - [ dearborn , michigan ] ( http://zipatlas.com/us/mi/dearborn/zip-code-comparison/percentage-arab-population.htm ) . 
  attended university there for a bit as well . 
   unless you consider grammar a `` restriction '' , because that 's what this is about . 
  icelandic is the official language of iceland and icelandic names need to adhere to the rules of grammar . 
  we are the grammar nazis of the world and have been for 1000 years . 
  grammar and language evolve over time . 
   do you even old norse ? 
  apparently not . 
  point taken , though i 'll also point out that according to / r/europe muslims do n't assimilate and are practically all radicals . 
   ok , i may get my ass kicked over this but was n't wwii the last war the us has actually `` won '' . 
  well , afghanistan and iraq we definitely defeated the governments which is generally the point of a war - and we stayed for quite awhile dealing with insurgents that were going to be there no matter what . 
  the last `` clean '' victory we had was desert storm in iraq . 
   but what if your own kurdish region wants to join the new country ? 
  it 's probably a lot harder to rally support when there 's * already * a kurdish homeland . 
  how many muslims are in the uk , and what percent have ever blown anything up ? 
   is it really so wrong to ask that people follow the distinct norms of their adopted country ? 
  particularly where it concerns language , because apparently the big issue here is that the name harriet ca n't be declined according to the icelandic case system , so people would n't be able to refer to her in a grammatically correct way . 
  iceland 's linguistic conservatism is fascinating , and an island of barely 300,000 people should n't have to get rid of a fairly harmless and unique social custom just to appease immigrants , and they could have just given the kid a cool icelandic middle name to use in icelandic-language social circumstances . 
  i do n't think it 's about `` appeasing immigrants '' - it 's a restriction on everyone . 
  and a `` custom '' or `` distinct norm '' you have to enforce by force is n't much of a custom or norm at all . 
  it 's the `` norm '' because there 's no other choice , not because of some organic tendency of society . 
  please do n't be a thing please do n't be a thing . 
  is this just an empty measure to make it look like the german government objects to the nsa ? 
  of course . 
  do i care ? 
  not at all . 
  money talks in the us . 
  the best way to reign our country in is n't through political disgust or governments objecting to obama ... it 's to hurt our companies . 
  make their lobbyists do the legwork for you . 
  because i can guarantee you that in the us verizon , microsoft , and google ( all hurt by this ) carry a lot more sway than merkel . 
   i heard that some uk citizens fighting on rebel islamists side in syria . 
  is it good reason to say that uk soldiers fight in syria ? 
  same for eastern ua , they probably have russian citizens but as volontiers . 
  ... yes , generally religious converts , not soldiers . 
  going of their own free will , nothing to do with the government . 
  '' * when it becomes serious , you have to lie . 
  * '' sounds a lot like supporting backroom deals . 
  i do n't know , but i think it involves meatballs . 
   really well care to tell me how not being in nato has harmed us here in finland , it seems to me by joining it you have just put yourself at odds with russia , made the usa happy and got no blowjobs as a result . 
  it 's like flood insurance : it 's totally worthless until you really , really , really need it . 
  at least here if you use greek to refer to anal people will know what you mean . 
   it did n't , the protests came directly after the fall of yanukovich and they were n't that tiny . 
  smaller than the ones in kiev but that makes sense for local protests . 
  and they were n't any more violent than the maidan protests . 
   most of them had just a hundred or so people , tops . 
  on the largest day one pulled 10,000 which is still tiny ( when euro maiden pulled nearly 50 times that ) . 
  eastern ukraine has more than 14 million people . 
  donetsk oblast by itself has over 4 million people , compared to around 2.7 million in kiev . 
   germany ? 
  germany should be our biggest ally now ( fuck the us ) , but most people are like `` hurr durr ww2 germony is bad '' so ... why fuck the us ? 
  i 've never seen anything but good will to poland here . 
  it 's seen as a country that started at the bottom ( for various reasons ) and increased it 's prosperity and position in the world through nothing but hard , honest work . 
  in the us that 's a powerful idea . 
  tldr ; we like you guys :-(, 
   sure , that 's why you used the polite words `` black people '' to describe liberians . 
  that really does n't even make sense . 
  i said `` black people '' because it 's more common ( at least here ) to be racist against all black people rather than people from a specific country . 
  there were very , very tiny protests in the east for a short period of time . 
  the bulk of the movement has been violent and took place in the immediate aftermath of crimea . 
  it is not racist to point out russia is not a great place to live . 
  liberia is a shithole too , but saying so does n't mean i hate black people or liberians . 
  i 'd say around half the people i know who have been to paris got robbed there , one at knife point ( though the guy only took his cigarettes ? ), 
  the subway at night seems like a bad place . 
  crossaints and crepes ? 
  those are pretty common . 
  same for baguettes . 
  you do n't often go to a french restaurant though . 
   however , anarchism has actually got nothing to do with political correctness . 
  little known fact . 
   do n't tell / r/anarchism . 
  the train of thought is that not being politically correct reinforces the white patriarchy , and the white patriarchy is a hierarchy . 
   maybe we should stop opposing russia 's rise in the world and accept the inevitable by moving closer to it . 
  russia is a second rate regional power almost entirely reliant on gas and oil . 
  their gdp per capita is only slightly higher than * malaysia * . 
   sadly i have to agree with one of most prominent journalists mr. \u017bakowski , that this crisis is more about journalistic stupidity and less about content of the tapes . 
   i do n't think it 's stupidity . 
  if this is allowed this time , what happens next time there 's a story like this ? 
  will journalists even bother to expend the resources necessary ? 
  will the story just be killed to prevent hassle ? 
  the government * needs * to know it ca n't boss around journalists to have a functional democracy . 
  does that mean the government needs to go ? 
  no , not really . 
  but they need to be scared . 
  purchasing power . 
  cost of living in norway ( not sure about luxembourg ) is off the charts . 
   to be fair , the same thing would happen in many other western nations . 
  if this is democracy ending , it 's ending in many places . 
  and in many it would n't . 
  would n't you rather be in the latter ? 
   do n't smile at strangers in france . 
  it 's considered hypocritical . 
   explain ? 
  what 's wrong with smiling ? 
  ok , so vote them out . 
  this is local elections , not some far off bureau ... 
  most anti-racist comments are directed towards the lunatic nationalists in this thread , not towards the article . 
  it is truly remarkable how many ideas were posted and how far i had to scroll before `` well , fix the police/justice system '' showed up as an option .
