   the question is how much a `` democratic representation '' is worth if the option of secession is by constitutional design unfeasable ( by having the whole nation agree , not just the part of it which overwhelmingly wants to secede ) . 
  when you have elected representatives you can change a lot - even the constitution itself . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing that it requires support from the whole country : every country goes into debt financing itself on the idea that greater population and productivity will make it up in the long-term . 
  leaving means throwing that out the window for a region . 
  it 's everyone 's business . 
   what good is a democracy if it is designed to surpress large parts of a population ? 
  the beauty of democracy is that it can change itself . 
   remember , one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter , and had the word been around back in the time , the country whose flag you 're wearing would have been called `` a illegitimate terrorist takeover '' by the british . 
  yup , that 's true . 
  i 'm far more sympathetic when people do n't have democratic representation ... but the east still has that . 
  we did n't . 
  violence is fine with me when there is no other means by which people can be heard and impact their own fates . 
  i 'll answer your questions when you answer mine : i 'm not letting you dodge that easily . 
  * how was capitalism to blame for wwi ? 
  how would communism have not been a part of this ? 
  i expect sources . 
  * how is it capitalism 's fault that the evil , capitalistic allies bombed those nazis during wwii ? 
  answer those and i 'll be glad to discuss the rest of your bullet points . 
   i 'm sorry , i do n't engage with the ideologically revolting . 
  it 's a waste of time to try and change the mind of someone so attached to something , that they 'll place the blame of the deaths of millions on the assassination of one insignificant duke instead of the competing colonial and economic interests of massive empires with shared borders and strained resources , instead of admitting that people die because of it . 
  let me translate : '' * i have nothing to support my claims , so i 'm going to fake indignation as a convenient escape route . 
  hurr durr capitalism !, 
  alright , you edited your reply . 
   that world was run by capitalists , and that war was fought in their interests . 
  if you think the war was as simple as the assassination of the archduke then i should n't bother much further . 
  dooooooo tell . 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
  tell me how capitalists started wwi for their own sake , and how communism would have prevented it . 
  i expect sources . 
  also can you tell me about the `` crimes '' of the allies bombing the nazis ? 
  i 'd love to hear that one . 
   communism is still active today , yes , but it has little to no influence on most countries . 
  it 's a relic , doomed to obscurity by it 's own failings . 
   your rules only serve to obfuscate and apologize for outright murder . 
  communism has a very limited history , and practically every instance of it has resulted in mass death . 
  but capitalism has a much longer history . 
  i actually allowed you a longer period than communism 's influence to draw from and you failed . 
   you 're no better than a holocaust denier . 
  oh come off it . 
  you were * lazy * , not considering it worth it to look up actual information . 
  you copy and pasted a list that is just hogwash . 
  you ca n't cover that up with false indignation . 
   in the same breath you outright deny crimes against humanity and claim to have its best interests at heart !, 
  you could n't even give a proper definition of capitalism or communism if asked , i would guess !, 
  i do n't deny the events occurred , im saying they have fuck-all to do with capitalism . 
  please : do tell how the allies bombing the nazis was a crime of capitalism ? 
  or how arch-duke ferdinand 's assassination was a crime of capitalism ? 
  i ca n't wait to hear this . 
  just admit you pulled a list of lies made by fanatical idiots and screwed up . 
  it 'll be more painless that way . 
   30,000 people died yesterday of starvation . 
  10 million a year . 
  100 million a decade . 
  that 's just preventable deaths by starvation ; production is up to par and despite what people say , if resources were appropriately managed distribution is also possible . 
  never mind preventable deaths due to disease and other forms of capital mismanagement . 
  you 've managed to not only completely ignore the * only * boundary i gave you ( listing things in the proper time period ) , but you 've managed to simply cite '' * hurrr durrr capitalism * '' as the cause of damn near every war in the past century . 
  * world war 1 ? 
  * are you kidding ? 
  because clearly capitalism was the cause of serbs assassinating the duke and europe 's alliances ? 
  also blaming capitalism for * bombing the nazis ? 
  * that same lack of thought is in damn near every entry . 
  your list is nothing more than a joke . 
  you must have found practically nothing if you had to resort to this . 
   that 's a short list , hastily compiled . 
  limiting me to the 1900 's is n't much help for your cause , but rest assured , going back into the 1700s the list grows by hundreds of millions . 
  edit : hastily is right , you just copy and pasted a list from the '' [ being a socialist ] ( https://www.facebook.com/being.a.socialist/posts/529739393746558 ) facebook page . 
  pathetic . 
  let 's do side by side comparison : we 'll ignore that capitalism is in far more countries and affecting a far greater population than communism . 
  find me `` capitalist '' death tolls in the same time period where communism was active that exceed the communist 's death tolls . 
  hell , i 'll even give you the entire 1900s ( despite communism not really having any countries through a lot of that ) . 
  i 've given you a substantial handicap . 
  let 's see what you can find . 
   if we want to play the famine card , 10 million people die a year from starvation and i 'm not seeing any communist nations around - do you ? 
   as was pointed out in another comment : [ practically every `` famine '' of the last century was in a communist country ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines ) . 
  in many of them people died while food rotted next to them . 
  beyond that if you look at the [ malnutrition rates ] ( http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/malnutrition/by-country/ ) globally , practically all are either dictatorships ( africa ) or a strong , recent history with communism ( north korea , laos , cambodia , vietnam , china , kazakhstan , uzbekistan , etc )  and what do you actually base this on ? 
  that revolution fundamentally does not work ? 
  i 'm pretty sure revolution is historically proven to bring about change . 
  it brings about change , yes . 
  but not the intended change . 
  and what it 's `` based on '' is literally every communist revolution in history . 
  a strong-arm dictator or oligarch steps into the position of power and runs the country as his little fiefdom . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
   so by that logic , representative democracy is a failure , right ? 
  that is after all , how hitler and mussolini came into power . 
  that 's pretty shit logic . 
  democracy and capitalism are the same in that they are not perfect . 
  there are bad outcomes sometimes and good outcomes sometimes . 
  the difference is that there has * never in history * been an attempt at communism that ended well . 
  not once . 
   tell you what , maybe communism will work when america stops trying to shove its dick into every little country all around the planet . 
  yes , so you can wait to have it get overthrown by the * other communists * like catalonia . 
  who will then ( surprise , surprise ) install a dictator . 
  yes , i was just pre-preemptively countering the inevitable reply '' * but it was a famine blahblahblahblah * '', 
  the history of the world is long and bloody . 
  we are no exception , though we are arguably less bloody than previous powers and economic systems . 
  when something better appears , i 'll gladly embrace that ... but it has n't happened yet . 
   there 's nothing to back this up .
