  i 'm gong to keep posting until estonia occupies it 's rightful place at the top of the eu . 
   he 's there to serve the country , not get rich if you want quality talent you have to at least offer something that 's not a joke compared to their potential . 
  you should n't have to * match * it , but at least make it a reasonable comparison . 
   is that for real ? 
  you got a source on that ? 
  my friend runs an online advertising competitive intelligence company . 
  ghostery 's child corporation is a competitor with his . 
  it 's true . 
   sorry , that 's not going to work . 
  i 'm not saying we 're willing to start a major war over it , but ukraine will never recognize the annexation of crimea by russia . 
   then you 're falling into their trap , because ukraine can never be nato with an active territorial conflict with a nuclear power . 
  it 's the reason a frozen conflict benefits russia . 
  by all means get something in exchange for the recognition . . but eventually it 's going to have to go that way . 
   well , what about the cases in which the us toppled regimes that had no kind of soviet backing ? 
  shouldnt the us apologize for that ? 
  some , yes . 
  as i said : it depends on the specific event . 
   us intervention in latin america . 
  what kind of explanation can you give to democratic regimes being sistematically toppled in order to expand you sphere of influence ? 
  depends if the soviets themselves were behind it or not . 
  organic expansion is fine , but i have no qualms countering a government put into place by the ussr . 
   do you really think the actions of the us during the cold war were justifiable ? 
  depends what you 're talking about . 
  the cold war was kind of a big thing . 
  several events involved there . 
  and they get very grumpy if you steal avocados . 
  serious crime there . 
   the whole world knows alright , but there needs be an independent investigation nevertheless . 
  the investigation needed to happen , but it * should n't * be news when it 's released and the outcome is so obvious . 
  that said , it is news . 
  because rt. 
   planting your people in the government ( both papandreous and varoufakis are considered american puppets by the right-wing for example ) ... wait . 
  so we 're blamed for the people * the greeks themselves elected * ? 
   i 've never been to the us but while i agree with you about how awesome the whole west coast seems - and i 'm including vancouver there - i ca n't picture myself living anywhere north of san francisco , it 's too damn cold for my portuguese bones . 
  all i 'm hearing is `` san diego '' if you 're worried about climate . 
  18 celsius to 29 celsius year round by the coast . 
  average of around 23 . 
  almost never a cloud in the sky after noon , and maybe 3-4 mild rains a year . 
  beautiful women , beautiful coast . 
  oh : and fish tacos . 
  lots of fish tacos . 
   north europe generally did n't have us sponsored government coups and civil wars ... only because most lines were drawn immediately after wwii . 
  they ( like everyone ) were still very much a part of the conflict . 
   and some places were more of a battleground than others - greece was one of those . 
  where was n't a battleground ? 
  latin america definitely was , asia definitely was , and so was europe . 
  even africa was ... 
   you kinda let greece become a cold war proxy battleground [ 1 ]  the entire world was a cold war proxy battleground . 
  it was largely a battle between the 2 superpowers of the time to increase their sphere of influences ... 
   tax avoidance should n't be legal the difference between `` tax avoidance '' and `` tax evasion '' is legality . 
  tax avoidance is not a specific tactic that happens to be legal , legal is part of the definition . 
   americans ... what could we possibly be blamed for in greece ? 
  i do n't know how many we had ( i googled , but could n't find anything referencing it ) but i do know we added a significant number recently . 
   desert it 's kind of funny to me that in most regions the beige area is desert . 
  for the us ? 
  it 's fucking corn . 
  black parachutes : perhaps should have waited until night time . 
   flag mostly symbolizes your government or foreign policies , nobody really hates you , the citizens . 
  well thanks :-) most of us are not too sensitive about it being burnt anyways . 
  `` on fire '' is just the export version of our flag . 
   strong evidence found of separatist involvement in downing of mh17 ... yes , strong evidence was found . 
  over 6 months ago . 
  ... that ukrainian leaders are legitimate , that the us did n't and would n't bother `` handpicking '' an interim government , etc. 
  that of course is ignoring the obvious crimes of yanukovych and the fact that nuland has no power * at all * in our government ... 
   yeah , i 'm the conspiracy nut . 
  yup . 
  you area . 
  and i 've seen you around enough to know that * ukraine only had an interim government , then immediately carried out elections * , so i 'm inclined to think you 're intentionally misleading as well . 
   propaganda bollocks to an extent , yes . 
  but it 's reflective of the truth : our soldiers * really are * in the baltics right now . 
  people just do n't see them normally . 
   fair enough . 
  but i hoped your country would become progressive . 
  now i 'm losing that faith every day :( it 's just a matter of time . 
  most rural areas are dwindling right now ( jobs ) , and the younger age demographic is moving to cities instead of suburbs . 
  that recipe ( politically ) plays out pretty much the same everywhere it happens . 
  the us population regularly disappoints me too , but what i was pointing out is that each party varies wildly region to region . 
  the example i gave ( for example ) would not come close to flying in the south . 
   other than for love then no that fierce , passionate gibraltarian sense of love i 've read so much about . 
  it 's legendary . 
   til reading this thread i see a lot of europeans still have a very bush-era view of americans as southern or midwestern , very religious , and politically conservative . 
  not really like that at all in a great many places , but i wo n't hide that we do have many issues . 
   it was n't as bad as all of this , even then . 
  you 'd think we had bi-weekly atheist lynchings from this thread . 
   your variety consists in republicans and democrats . 
  how is that variety ? 
  1 ) we have a massive variety of state governments . 
  some better , some worse . 
  some more liberal , some more conservative . 
  2 ) a west coast republican is not the same as a southern republican . 
  in my city ( for example ) the conservative republican representatives campaign * inside of gay bars * . 
   get me a job on an architecture studio in socal and i 'm off across the pond . 
  i would love to live in the us for some years . 
   the entire west coast is pretty god damn awesome . 
  san diego , san francisco , seattle , portland ... all really cool . 
  we 'll pretend la does n't exist for now . 
   europe varies in its governments . 
  [ ... ] the union is varied , but united . 
  [ ... ] ... you mean like the us ? 
   downstate nyer checking in .
