  san francisco here : i see men in nothing but a rubber banded sock around their cock several times a year with no occasion to do so . 
  and similar things with occasion ( folsom , dory ally ) several more times . 
   have some compassion , his geography text books were most likely printed in texas . 
  for all he knows stockholm might be in czech republic . 
   [ just in case the czech republic did n't splurge on english textbooks ;-) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plural ) - generally when something ends with an '' * s * '' like government ** s ** , they are referring to * more than one * - as in not specifically sweden . 
   i think he might have be talking about sweden mate . 
  just a wild stab in the dark . 
  he was pretty clearly talking with much wider breadth than that . 
  '' * today 's liberal governments * '' , '' * europe will face another wave of fascist governments * '' - unless you think he 's talking about individual swedish municipalities ? 
  2-4 minutes times how many refugees/migrants ? 
   this is what happens when the existing power structures refuse to address an obvious and growing problem . 
  i do n't know if europe will face another wave of fascist governments and mob `` justice '' , but if it does it will be today 's liberal governments ( and let 's face it , a lot of its constituency as well ) who will be responsible for it . 
  as a ( social ) liberal myself , this pains me to no end . 
  i 'm going to quote * you * . 
  '' * virtually no migrants end up going to or even crossing the czech republic , yet the anti-migrant hysteria is rife there . 
  the czech media and society at large has n't adopted the kind of political correctness their western neighbours did and it being a kind of small , uneventful country , the happenings in the rest of europe make a lot of headlines these days . 
  * '' ... so what exactly are the czech power structures refusing to address ? 
  but then you 're in alaska ... and had to cross through the taiga ... 
  my wager is the people just changed their dns servers to the same one that would make it look like it was blocked . 
  i 'm not sold on this yet . 
  uh there 's a huge leap between not instantly hating russians by default and telling your party not to disagree with russia . 
  it depends what the topic of the protest is and who is involved , and the situation in the country . 
  some are allowed in russia . 
  not always . 
   you need to get permission to stage a protest almost everywhere . 
  even in the usa , europe or brazil . 
  you ca n't just start a protest in the middle of nyc without getting a permit first . 
  yeah , the difference is you 're quite likely to get one , and things being `` difficult '' in the country is n't an excuse to not get one . 
  if this were the issue the festival scene would n't be exploding . 
  brb , picking up my cocaine from my mailbox . 
  in most us states if you see a green cross it 's marijuana dispensary . 
   no , i 'm saying that once you recognise a government you ca n't change your mind later because you 've decided you do n't like them . 
   is this also in the invisible rulebook you have that also shows that leaders derive power from an ambiguous concept of recognition you refuse to define ? 
   the syrian government has been in place for decades , are you saying that it was never a legitimate government ? 
  nope , i 'm just hammering you to the wall because you so clearly have an agenda and little idea what you 're talking about . 
   what about every other country on the planet that does n't adhere to your vision of democracy ? 
  there is no democracy whatsoever in syria . 
  my `` version '' has nothing to do with it . 
   there is no alternative to assad , you just want the country to collapse , because `` the government is n't legitimate anyway '' ? 
  nice attempt at changing the topic . 
  not going to happen . 
  we 're going to sit here and discuss where assad derives power from , why that ca n't change , and where the hell you pulled this from other than your rectum . 
   no , that would be foreign interference in the country . 
  syria has had enough of that already the last few years . 
  you 're the one that decided it was based on recognition , not me . 
  so to summarize : you 're saying is that he derives his legitimacy * solely through recognition * but if that recognition does n't agree with you then it 's no longer the metric ? 
  you 're clearly quite the master debater . 
  idiot . 
  by himself ? 
  and if what you 're saying is that the international community does , then would you accept he was no longer legitimate with a simple un vote ? 
  you are dodging the question and doing it badly . 
  what makes assad legitimate ? 
  from where does he derive his legitimacy ? 
  that is not an argument . 
  let 's hear it . 
  where does he derive legitimacy from ? 
  not the people , because there were no elections . 
  his blood ? 
  did god appoint him ? 
  there 's nothing to support you other than brute force and violence . 
  there is literally nothing legitimate about assad . 
  he was a dictator . 
  only held an election after all opposition had fled because war . 
  just another lovely day in russia 's sphere of influence . 
   it is not very intersting to discuss opinions . 
    the very simple fact is that russia is # 2 in the world by military export in money . 
  in some areas russia is the seller # 1 by number of units and money : sam ( thanks to many us interventions ) , tanks , subs , helicopters , apc . 
  it 's not an opinion . 
  the vast majority of the russian budget is used maintaining old equipment , not producing new equipment . 
  most of russia 's military is soviet tech . 
  they develop interesting things but rarely produce them at scale . 
  the sanctions were over crimea if i remember correctly . 
  and russia still holds crimea . 
  i 'm just going to point out that the eu and the us both benefit tremendously from close relationships . 
  massive trade and economic opportunity ( on both sides ) , and you guys get to barely have a military and still enjoy some of the best security on the planet . 
  historically close relations with russia ( and especially being in their sphere of influence ) has very little in the way of benefit . 
   even if you do n't believe that , do you really not think that when necessary the us would pick their own interests over europe 's ? 
  the us 's interests * are * a stable and reasonably wealthy europe . 
  you guys are some of the only people who can afford our goods . 
  you 'd hate flying in the states then . 
  that shit pretty much does not exist , aside from a plexiglass box in the vegas airport . 
  you 'd think their unemployment rates would help it balance out . 
  and if we put them in a normal prison they will ( and generally have ) kill others there . 
  repeatedly . 
  the people they murder have rights too . 
  we 're not spending the astronomical amount it costs to keep them there because we have lots of options . 
  it 's for people too dangerous to be allowed in general population . 
  people who run gangs and get other people killed and the like * from inside prison * . 
  they ca n't communicate with people because it 's dangerous to let them do it . 
  `` cruel and unusual punishment '' is why they get their hour outside of their cell . 
  ... it 's definitely pretty horrific though . 
  muslim radicalization is barely a thing here in prisons . 
  we spawn shit like ms-13 , then deport them and have them take over their home countries though . 
   just because you disagree with someone about what they do in a third country , it does n't change how appropriate it is to shoot down their planes . 
  uh yeah , it actually does . 
  if your country is perceived as 1 ) not allied 2 ) aggressive towards nearby nations it totally makes sense to react differently . 
   i would consider myself a pretty dirty person but wtf , of course i do wash my hands after going to the toilet ( and before eating , and when coming home ) . 
   ever since i got out of school , there has n't been any benefit to being sick . 
  sometimes my dick is the cleanest thing in the bathroom . 
  if that 's all i 'm touching , i 'd rather not .
