  get more people unemployed !, 
  i am sure they just decided on implementing the regulations without considering that aspect . 
  i do n't think it 's their intention , but i also do n't think it 's a great idea to be overestimating the eu when it comes to positively impacting the unemployment rate . 
   sounds like a question put forward in economics lesson for 16 year olds , who try to solve the problems of economic crisis and other negative externalities . 
  acting like an asshole is n't an argument . 
  if there 's not many deaths in the uk from fishing , chances are whatever problems exist are pretty specific and do n't need a broadly sweeping bill . 
   i mean , what would people who get paid probably quiet substantial amount of money in their specific sector because of their expertees would know in terms of how to solve problems ? 
  [ appeal to authority fallacy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority ) . 
  if you ca n't defend the bill on the basis of it 's contents and it 's specific application to the uk , do n't defend it at all . 
  appeal to authority is simply lazy thinking . 
  beyond that , experts in health and safety are not experts in business ... and business is more the point i was getting at in my above reply . 
   yeah , because uk is the unique case in the whole of uk . 
  no need to reform anything , have a read here - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/north_east/8691186.stm no one is denying that fisherman die at sea . 
  getting tangled in nets and pulled overboard is a well known problem , one that all fisherman know about and try to avoid , and one that happens anyways . 
  you 're never going to get a perfectly safe utopia while fishing on the ocean and this bill barely has any provisions that even address what you 're talking about . 
   but well , let 's ignore bbc and the marine accident investigation branch ( maib ) , because they must be german technocrats just wanting to give away uk sovereignty !, 
  ... and there 's the [ straw man attack ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man ) . 
  it 's much easier responding to arguments that no one ever made , is n't it ? 
  you 're just oozing fallacies today . 
   this seems ... excessively optimistic . 
  let 's look at the major cloud companies : amazon , google , rackspace , microsoft , etc. 
  what they have in common is that they 're almost all us companies . 
  now let 's look at the major economic value provided by cloud computing : the ability for companies to reduce or eliminate their it department , i.e. 
  local employees . 
  from a broken-glass perspective , this could actually end up being a net loss for europe . 
  i rent servers in a variety of countries ( 12 right now ) , and in some of them have used practically every major server provider in those countries . 
  a lot of them are pretty significantly behind and are quite expensive for not that much value . 
  germany has created a server powerhouse with hetzner . 
  france , spain , and italy are lackluster when it comes to servers . 
  the united kingdom already has a solid cloud infrastructure in place at competitive prices . 
  i have n't seen much growth or potential in the european server market aside from the uk and germany though . 
  the eastern european market is always cheap , but there are huge trust issues with putting your data on a server in the ukraine , russia , or similar countries . 
  without some major turnarounds , i do n't see the eu dominating the cloud anytime soon ... unless you count american companies opening up branches in ireland to avoid heftier tax rates elsewhere . 
   if i were the eu i would start asking , `` why is europe awful at making blockbuster tech companies ? 
  '' , labor laws in the eu are not built with a startups in mind where a deadweight employee can easily be 10-15 % of your revenue and long hours are the norm . 
  they 're built to deal with large companies who can absorb losses from bad employees . 
  the tax rates also make it quite difficult to grow at the speed that is necessary to compete with others in cheaper regions to do business . 
  those are the most common complaints i 've heard from my associates in the start-up space . 
  the problem is that a few tech startups will become the monsters of tomorrow . 
  you do n't nurture a startup economy for when they 're startups , you nurture it for the future when they grow . 
   yeah , probably introducing some guidelines which would make fishing safer , and of course - sound silly eh?clearly something to disagree on ... 
  the question always becomes : at what cost ? 
  what is the total potential gain for your expenditures , and what are the consequences ? 
  does it make a good number of vessels or industries become economically inviable ? 
  does it cause job losses and hardships for families ? 
  * does the bill even fix the problem causing the deaths at all ? 
  * if there 's an epidemic of deaths , obviously higher costs become more worth it . 
  but it does n't sound like that is the case in the uk . 
  there 's always something you can do to make something safer ... but a bit of a problem with diminishing returns when you 're addressing a small problem . 
   tl ; dr well-paid and qualified teachers are the one missing ingredient for educational success in america no , that 's not true at all . 
  in many areas ( including chicago , which had so many problems recently ) teachers make $ 75k + per year ... we 're also not allowed to pay * good * teachers more in the us , and we 're also not able to fire the * bad * teachers in most places . 
  many districts ( like nyc ) ca n't even fire ones that have been barred from actually teaching because of sexual relations with students . 
  both side of that ( not being allowed to pay good teachers more , or get rid of bad teachers ) are based on union contracts taken from the national unions and used in thousands of districts across the country . 
  teachers here will probably be paid more when there is any degree of accountability . 
  we ca n't get stuck with $ 125k + deadweight we ca n't get rid of for 40 years . 
  that 's just not viable . 
   the poorer a school is the fewer opportunities for advanced learning there are . 
  it also costs money to take the ap tests to possibly get credit . 
  yes , but you can still take the classes for free . 
  the only thing that costs money is taking the test to be able to get college credit . 
  no no no . 
  this has nothing to do with hollande 's policies . 
  there are absolutely no disadvantages to acting outright hostile to investors and businesses . 
  you must believe this , it 's science . 
  after negotiating so much of acta in private i do n't know what they expect . 
  if no one opposes them as rough ideas , the process will move forward though . 
  this attention is good . 
  better now than later when there 's real risk . 
  almost any second hand study that shows a real increase in risk involves people who are stuck inside with a smoker for extended periods - wait staffs and significant others mostly . 
  there is practically no health risk if your occasionally exposed or are in open areas . 
  smokers taking 20 a day straight to the lungs do n't even reliably get cancer . 
  tldr ; if you 're not a bartender and are n't married to a smoker there is virtually no chance it will impact your health . 
   as you can see the results over 30 dead and much property damage . 
  you seem to be mistaken . 
  there are dead and property damage because people killed them and destroyed property , not because of free speech . 
  words are just words . 
  they do n't burn down buildings . 
  try putting blame on the people who actually did it . 
   so if you know somthing is going to inspire hatred why would you do it ? 
  right now ? 
  because people are trying to get freedom of speech restricted or to scare people into censoring themselves . 
  if no one publishes things like this magazine is , it looks like these thuggish tactics worked and we will see more of them in the future . 
   i 'm not a fan of appeasement but pouring gas on a huge fire sure does n't help now . 
  it sucks in the short term , but it 's better for the long term . 
  it would be bad if attacking embassies became seen as a successful tactic for insulating your group/religion from criticism and making society self-censor . 
  we would see a lot more of it in the near future . 
  [ some interesting old school propoganda by ben franklin related to this ] ( http://imgur.com/a9zvz ), 
  depends on your industry . 
  try finding qualified women in software development . 
  those are n't the only 2 options . 
  they have more degrees . 
  now it 's just a waiting game for gaining experience needed for the positions and changing attitudes . 
  i ca n't help but what they expect companies in male heavy industries to do . 
  if you 're doing software development , good luck finding enough qualified women ... especially when all the other companies are trying to get the same few women in the industry . 
  if you 're not helpless you may have to do something about it . 
  people love being helpless . 
  board of directors positions are not based on things like degrees or traditional interview criteria , but there 's certainly specific reasons to merit the person getting the position . 
  you are asking these people for advise and in many cases assist directly . 
  this is n't because you like the cut of their jib , it 's because they 've been where you are , have a unique perspective on an industry , or are right in the thick of where you want to be . 
  honestly i do n't understand the point of this law .
