  samsung is not alone , you really ca n't avoid these things in the modern world . 
  perhaps slightly . 
  samsung products are in tons and tons of other electronics as well though , so completely avoiding samsung is not really realistic . 
  you probably wear clothes made with dyes that are toxic for the poor workers in south east asian factories anyways ... 
  while you do have a point on the macro scale , this is horrible for the people in these factories . 
  apple has their factory workers jumpibg off roofs because of poor conditions . 
  greed is real etc. 
  the practice of fucking over poor people is prevalent in all parts of the world, 
  funny how you took inspiration from south korea to make firefox when just about everyone in sk uses ie, 
  they have textbooks , but their main lessons are free podcasts with free pdfs, 
  just a heads up , that 's katakana and not kanji, 
  same in korea , not many colorways but you can find nmds at most retailers, 
  beaver , builds shit in the river, 
  wifestealer , watch out, 
  i 'd like to see myself as a decent 4k ish invoker player , but sometimes when i want cold snap ( usually sitting on majority of exorts ) i get ice wall instead and look stupid af . 
  casting three orbs as fast as i can will sometimes just register 2 :(, 
  the biggest issue with it is that its not a target spell like cold snap , so you just cast and prepare to target something and then you have a useless wall there ... with other spells you have a moment to realize that its not the one you want before you cast, 
  im still not convinced if hes actually like this or if hes just a really good actor and became deadpool, 
  notail and fly didnt want moon . 
  crit and miracle didnt want notail and fly . 
  why would they care about keeping players that they dont believe in ? 
  `` most of you ? '', 
  you have no idea how shitty your life would be if most straight men were being creeps . 
  arabic or chinese , i do n't have any interests that are tied to those languages but they are quite common globally . 
  if you 're not asian they will never stop eyeballing, 
  my friend would fit that description as well , she went to a club the other day and today she said she 's never going clubbing in korea again . 
  apparently the stares turned to inappropriate touching if you 're at a club . 
  i told her it might have been just that club she went to , because i 've been to clubs with other western girls and they said it 's been ok , and also that if she wants to go clubbing again i would go with her and do my best to get rid of unwanted people . 
  she was kinda frustrated by it since she likes korea for the most part but that was an unpleasant surprise for sure . 
  i guess you 're right , she never had it happen before in sweden though , so she felt it being a korea thing . 
  forev is on secret, 
  godz is still right though . 
  maybe might end up in a team with visa issues and continue being underwhelming . 
  on this pic she kinda reminds me of [ ellin from crayon pop ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/217ed8ecb82c81284e37f5f344a1ab75/tumblr_mwsvqj7jg91rfix6wo3_500.jpg ), 
  fred in swedish, 
  should try the old lady perm, 
  man he 's just living the meme right now, 
  not sure if there is one for bjs at the moment . 
  this one is about models , so unless a popular bj does some peoper modeling they do n't belong here . 
  i enjoy it , and really want to go , but i 'm studying abroad and the only affordable gym close to me is closed for new registrations until october ... trying to look for alternatives but everything is disappointing, 
  my parents divorced when i was 5 years old , and they handled it pretty well by sort of hiding it from us kids . 
  i 'm not sure when i realized that it was what it was . 
  i think i thought it was completely normal that dad moved to a different house and that we started to live there every second week . 
  i think that as long as you do n't take out your anger/sadness/emotions out on your kids , it 's probably better to divorce when it starts going downhill . 
  probably better to do it when kids are young enough to not really understand the implications as well . 
  there is a korean copy of counter strike that has been super popular for ages dude, 
  you see lifesize cardboard seolhuyns everytime you go outside basically . 
  good times, 
  a big ass in korea is not as appreciated as in the west . 
  small asses are almost preferred here, 
  that 's right , and it sounds strange af . 
  i think simple common phrases like this are better to learn phrase by phrase instead of doing it through grammar and translation . 
  i have nets around every entrance ( window ) and it works fine . 
  havent gotten bitten yet this summer !, 
  some people are naturally like that . 
  i wish i was ... 
  a decent gym , spotify, 
  iirc there is a site that subs most girls day stuff , should probably have their snl appearance as well . 
  think it was called girls day fan subs or something similar generic, 
  everytime my female friends start talking about weight i get worried . 
  girls in korea take weight super seriously and it feels like just about everyone is on a diet here . 
  does n't matter if they 're already skinny af . 
  mental health and eating disorders especially , is still a relatively distant concept in korea . 
  some people are impressed if you lose weight quickly or stay super skinny , and i 'm just worried that it 's something serious behind it . 
  no one else seems to care . 
  scary stuff ... 
  so i recently moved to seoul for a year long exchange . 
  at the orientation day they said that their fitness center was open for singups during the last week of the month . 
  which happened to be two days from then . 
  so i go there monday . 
  first day of the last week of the month , and on the door it says signups for september is closed . 
  i ask and they tell me next signup period might be the third week of september ... 
  so much for the info at the orientation day , huh . 
  so i ask a friend ( local ) about alternative gyms that i can go to for the month that i 'll be missing . 
  she knows a decent one , but that one costs 5 times as much as the university one , and more than twice as much as the one i went to back in sweden ( which was fairly ok priced ) . 
  being an exhange student without that much money to spend it looks like it will be some makeshift bodyweight stuff in a small dorm room during september ... 
  unless anyone here happens to know a decent gym in the \ud68c\uae30-\uc678\ub300 area with a one month deal that is n't too expensive ... 
  ^ ^ ^ r.i.p ^ ^ ^ gains ... 
  so i cant seem to find text input answer setting , is it gone or is it just me ? 
  i ca n't remember ever hearing it to be honest . 
  of\u00f6rsk\u00e4md means something like ` rude ' usually . 
  you are right that the o usually negates , but sometimes it can be misleading . 
  rolig and orolig , for example , means funny and worried , respectively . 
  planning , honestly . 
  tough cookie though ... 
  while you are technically correct , you are referring to theoretical communism and hes referring to the political systems claiming to be realistic communism . 
  no one has experience of theoretical communism , but people have suffered from ` communism ' nonetheless . 
  separating these terms is something you `` communists '' should do asap , because to 99 % of people you sound like you support murderous dictators . 
  works with creeps too, 
  i think ( ) \ub9ac\uac00 \uc5c6\ub2e4 means something like `` it cant be ( ) '' but im not really sure, 
  im vanilla af and prefer shin or shin black . 
  usually with added egg or processed cheese, 
  well it 's all about you and the people around you though , if you want to associate yourself with something that most people associate with sufferig then that 's up to you . 
  just because somethig happens to be right does n't mean people know what 's right . 
  it 's just like you said about nk , except the opposite . 
  i agree that it is n't proper communism , but calling it somethig other than conmunism wont change what people associate with it . 
  most people do n't know marx , and anyone saying ` fuckin commies ' certainly do n't . 
  and finally , the dutch, 
  ca n't really help you with laptops , but you could get the stickers until you are good enough with the keyboard to not need them anymore if that 's enough . 
  memorizing the layout should n't take that long and would probably be a decent time investment anyways .
