  the thing is that , as you said , lessons without any appilcation are not that effective . 
  but the more you are able to use what you learn during the lessons , the better they are . 
  without motivation and discipline you wont get anywhere , lesson or not , but studying properly with lessons is great . 
  as for becoming less valuable when you go up in levels , that 's true for conversational skills , but for things like writing essays or understanding more advanced texts , i find that without classes i would never learn such things , because i do n't have enough exposure in my everyday life . 
  it 's of course very individual , some might learn those things just fine through their lifestyle . 
  like i said , using this together with a class is ideal in my opinion . 
  i do n't do all nighters before exams because i try my best to study throughout the whole year , and i try to keep everything up to date . 
  that 's something that you should do always , with lessons or not , but many people do n't . 
  studying techniques is something that most people discard as useless , for some reason , but it really makes a huge difference when you find out which kind of method works for you . 
  it 's funny though , the way you describe your book is that you have `` an alternative , better way of studying , and if you do n't like lessons , this is great for you ! '', 
  which it definitely is , but those that simply need a better approach to lessons would still benefit greatly from using the methods from your book . 
  self studying can be very effective for some , and for others it does n't work at all . 
  i personally think that it 's easier to do ok with lessons than to do ok through self studies . 
  i met many who studied on their own for a year or two before they started taking lessons , and they still had to study hard for the same exams the beginners were taking . 
  if guides like yours were more common knowledge that would probably not be as common though . 
  so all in all i think your book is great , but i personally use similar methods as ( in my opinion ) required supplements , rather than as an alternative method , and it would be great to make a point of that in the book , if you did mention that and i missed it , i 'm sorry , my excuse is that i read it on public transit on the way to my korean class !, 
  i learned tons and tons of english nouns through runescape . 
  another frozen cover , but the english one , by uji , some pronunciation errors but still great, 
  if anyone wants more head over to / r/khiphop, 
  sure , but kpop has mostly , well , kpop . 
  if you are not into cute girlgroups/boybands you might wan na stick with khiphop !, 
  i dont think it was a promotion type of show , more like a contest maybe ? 
  i dont think she was a famous singer , and definitely not ailee or taeyeon : /, 
  i got premium now because i wanted to try it . 
  i really like memrise but i wouldnt recommend getting premium , it really doesnt make any difference . 
  the listening is decent , but far from every course has soundfiles , only one of those i use does , so its not that great . 
  i 'm currently studying my 3rd semester of korean at uni , and we 're using that book to learn hanja . 
  all the korean in the book is fairly simple , and i 'd say that the book does n't feel out of place at the current level we 're at . 
  [ h\u00e4r ] ( http://www.adlibris.com/se/avdelning/barn-ungdom-9508?sort_by=relevance&amp;order_by=desc&amp;filter=age_group:50-60 ), 
  that 's great !, 
  i wish my uni was more like that , i have 10 hours a week , but we spent like 2 weeks + on hangul , which felt kinda useless as i learned it on my own in just 2-3 days , before i even started with the classes . 
  the explanation they gave was that they wanted as many as possible to continue to the next semester and so they did n't want to discourage people , ( many people drop out . . ) but it honestly does n't make a difference , i 'm at my 3rd semester now , and there 's just 7 of us . 
  we started at about 65 the first semester . 
  for us , the year/semester abroad is optional , and we have to apply through a central institution , shared with the whole university , and we have 12 spots open to korean universities this application period . 
  stupid tiny sweden ... 
  what about finland ? 
  their language is not scandinavian either , and they 're definitely in northern europe . 
  the rankings are based on standardized tests . 
  your sample size is surely what 's causing the issue here . 
  i know people in sweden that has lived here in stockholm for 10 years + without knowing more than simple words in swedish like yes and no , simply because everyone will speak english to you the moment they realize that your swedish is n't good . 
  friends who actually speak decent swedish , but with a heavy accent , complain to me that they can never practice their swedish because everyone will just speak english with them . 
  i know we 're on the subject of denmark now , but in terms of english our countries are quite similar . 
  another thing , even though our languages are very similar , and we can undwrstand each other in most cases , its very common for us to communicate in english just because it 's more convenient that way . 
  what you said about finding a person in denmark that speaks decent english being difficult sounds like bullshit to me . 
  i can speak simple english to my 10 year old cousin , or advanced english to my 80 year old grandfather . 
  literally everyone i know between 15 and 60 speaks english fluently . 
  fluent is not native , what i mean by fluent is that they can speak english in everyday conversations without issue . 
  it 's far from perfect , of course , but it 's definitely decent enough to not call it broken ass english . 
  you 'd understand each other just fine . 
  i live in stockholm , which is definitely the most international city in sweden , and i 'm sure it gets way worse if you go to the smaller cities , but the people i know all speak great english . 
  it 's definitely possible . 
  do you speak another language ? 
  if you do n't , that could very well be the reason you think fluent requires more than it actually does . 
  i know there is some fan made subtitle videos that has the lyrics in a karaoke style in hangul/romanization and sometimes english translations . 
  can be a bit tricky to find though , theyre usually just called something like lyric video or eng sub, 
  g\u00e5r dock att lyssna p\u00e5 det [ h\u00e4r ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/voiceless_dorso-palatal_velar_fricative.ogg ) . 
  yeah , the big issue is that people drop out , really . 
  we also do n't have every level every semester , you can only start on the autumn semester , when only level 1 , 3 , 5 are open , and then on the spring semester we have 2 , 4 , and 6 ( ba ) . 
  yeah i would definitely prefer the way you have it . 
  for us we 're all very motivated and could easily handle going much faster , 4 out of 7 got a ( 95 % score or higher ) on the most recent exam , which included hanja and whatnot , and still wans ' t very hard for any of us . 
  the guaranteed spot for exchange would n't hurt either , haha , although i do n't think it will be a problem , there are n't that many in sweden who applies to the korean universities anyways . 
  and some institutions , like business , the biggest , has their own partner deal , so we do n't have to worry about them . 
  the past semesters those who wanted to go , got to , so i 'm not too worried . 
  culture shocks are fun !, 
  i 'm hanging out with the korean exchange students at sthlm uni multiple times a week usually , and it 's all fun and games , some of them actually studied swedish for like 2 years !, 
  have you been to korea before ? 
  and why did you start studying korean ? 
  people ask me that all the time but i honestly ca n't give a good reason ... 
  both are germanic languages , and thus have a lot in common . 
  i think learning swedish from english is just fine , but what do i know , i did it the other way !, 
  the first time you 're learning a second language might be pretty tough though , but i 'd say it 's definitely worth it !, 
  edit : http://www.effectivelanguagelearning.com/language-guide/language-difficulty, 
  you could use the duolingo app to get started on your own , i 'm not too sure what kind of free material that exists for swedish other that that . 
  as for the school , i think this will have most info you need . 
  i do n't really know how foreigners do when they are transfering to a swedish school other than having to learn swedish first . 
  i think there are swedish introductory programs that inmigrants go through , but i 'm not sure how that works , unfortunately . 
  i 'd like to add [ \uc601\uad6d\ub0a8\uc790 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucg-p3lqiqmhh7ghpyaomoiq ) and [ \ub370\uc774\ube0c ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqtvabwm6fwvtt3oc77q9mw ) to that , they 're not language learning related , but they are billingual english/korean , with subtitles in both languages for most videos . 
  mostly fun/silly videos , that can be used for some casual practice while also being very entertaining !, 
  engelsk would usually be things from england . 
  ` jag har en engelsk bil ' , for example , but you can also use it to talk about a 3rd person , ` jag har en engelsk v\u00e4n . ', 
  i 'm not sure how that rule works , but i think that covers most cases . 
  yes !!, 
  this is the one !, 
  wow !, 
  i had already given up , i thought my description was n't enough , haha . 
  thank you so much !, 
  yeah , it 's sort of like the english `` to know of '' . 
  we also use k\u00e4nner , without `` till '' when we talk about knowing our friends . 
  i have not tried it , but there 's already many great free resources available for korean . 
  head over to / r/korean and check out the beginners thread in the sidebar !, 
  the scandinavian languages are considered to be a bit easier than german for native english speakers . 
  i 'm not sure why though . 
  german is definitely not impossible by the way . 
  might be very hard to reach near native fluency but that 's not a goal i 'd recommend anyways . 
  i 'd like to add that over on r/languagelearning they have a weekly post where you can write in any language you want , and learners and natives can join in . 
  it 's great if you just want to practice reading and writing in a casual environment that we 're all familiar with . 
  sometimes it 's a bit quiet there but i think it 's because most people are unaware of it . 
  when it comes to korean , i 'd probably say learning hanja . 
  ( chinese characters for the korean language ), 
  [ no make up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqcte1r3aiq ),
