  even if they knew , you can play on pcbangs without a pcbang account . 
  you can pay at a special pc , get a temporary code and use that for that visit . 
  you can also go to any of the other pcbangs in the area . 
  there are tons . 
  situation b will likely not happen unless blizz bans pcbangs . 
  there are cheaters in all online games , people still play the game unless hacking completely gets out of control , but blizz cares enough to constantly ban people . 
  ( not fast enough perhaps , but hey . ), 
  it 's not in blizzard 's interest to ban pcbangs . 
  korea is a huge market , and very important in terms of esports , which blizz loves . 
  likely will be the case , previously when similar exploits has been abused , like hellfire , they purged leaderboards of everyone who had used it . 
  assuming it is as detectable , but i would think it is . 
  i 'm saying its not on the top 10 most played games . 
  it 's like below 1.5 % on the rankings . 
  it 's really rare to see people playing it at pcbangs these days . 
  all pcbangs allow installing and running programs , its part of how they operate . 
  suddenly not allowing people to install games/programs at a pcbang could spell a quick end for that particular one . 
  they cant do anything about individual players hacking apart from saying ` hey guys please dont hack ' . 
  hacking is possible because you can install and run games/programs on these pcs . 
  suddenly stopping everyone from playing the games they want because there is some dude hacking would not end well for the pcbangs . 
  yeah , it is so people can play whatever games they want and use other programs as they want . 
  pcbangs are not just like game arcade halls . 
  people go to pcbangs to do all kinds of stuff that requires a pc . 
  unfortunately hacking also becomes easy through this . 
  what are these ` things ' they would do then ? 
  without instantly knowing from blizz whenever someone is hacking from their license , and exactly which pc it is from out of sometimes more than a hundred , they ca n't do anything about it . 
  pcbangs are actually not game arcade halls . 
  the pcs are open to install games and programs , to give users freedom to play/do what they want . 
  taking away that would make that particular pcbang very non-competitive with all the others in the area . 
  they 're more likely to just pay the 10 bucks and leave it . 
  it doesnt happen often enough for 10 bucks per instance to make a difference . 
  normally you 'd use garu . 
  the result is gon na be similar , but its not the `` right '' way to do it . 
  you can still call it kimchi though , its not a protected name . 
  there are as many variations as there are people making kimchi . 
  all families has a recipe they use , there is no right way to make it . 
  but using garu is the standard method . 
  nono thats not what i meant , they realistically cant punish hackers , they have to do preemptive solutions which would affect everyone . 
  such as no longer allowing people to install/run programs/games that arent preinstalled , or not providing free game licenses etc. 
  unless blizz tells the pcbang that this license on this one pc is currently hacking please punish him , the pcbangs are in the dark . 
  one person will ruin it for everyone if blizz punishes a pcbang where someone is hacking . 
  it 's not gon na be super standard , but there are way too many variations of everyday kimchi ( remember reading it was more than 180 kinds somewhere ) based on region , season , etc , to hack down on using gochujang instead of gochugaru . 
  i 'm not sure how different the end result is , but if it 's too different it might be more similar to some kinda gochujang jangajji . 
  i doubt it will be , and you will probably notice more difference between one that has seafood and one that does n't . 
  and what would these anti-cheating policies be ? 
  telling people to be nice and not hack ? 
  of course losing the business of one hacker is not a problem at all , but they ca n't really target individually . 
  like i said what can be realistically done is preemptive and will affect everyone . 
  the pcbang owners do n't know if people are hacking from their pcs . 
  korea actually passed an amendment into law that makes it illegal to make hacks . 
  ( hopefully it will help , realistically ? 
  not so sure ... ) most koreans and pcbangs do not support hacking and want to get rid of it , but there is really not much that can be done . 
  blizz needs to address this . 
  they need to be faster at detecting and banning , but they do n't want the hack makers to know what sets of the detection , so they wait until the anti cheat has detected loads of people and ban them all at once . 
  because it takes so long these hackers can have a new account , get to level 25 and ruin games for weeks before they have to restart . 
  if they would get banned within an hour or two this would not be that much of an issue , but it could lead to `` resistant hacks '' that is smarter than the anti cheat blizzard uses . 
  that would require a soft nation-wide revolution in how pcbangs operate . 
  you can install whatever you want on these pcs . 
  if one place suddenly changes this they would just lose customers to their competitors . 
  it 's far too much of an established business standard to suddenly change this on a micro scale . 
  all pcbangs have admin rights , if one pcbang changes this they would just start losing customers to the other pcbang around the corner that has admin rights . 
  it would basically have to forced by law to actually happen . 
  games that are not popular at pcbangs are not popular in korean esports . 
  like dota2 and csgo , two of the top3 largest esports globally yet korea , a huge esports nation , have nothing to do with those games . 
  if overwatch would n't be played at pcbangs korea would not care about it as an esports . 
  jordgubbe is the berry , jordgubb is the flavour . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why the flavour can be said like that , but it is the common way to do it . 
  i 've played lon bomb since it stsrted being a thing . 
  these days i just go straight into the spec from yellow gear when a season starts . 
  the scaling on thorns is pretty crazy and you just stack up cdr and its playable . 
  it takes longer ( for me at least ) to get to t10 farming on my lon crus if i start going ww barb . 
  `` r\u00e5 '' on itself means raw . 
  `` kan r\u00e5 p\u00e5 '' means `` to be capable of changing/facing/affecting '' depending on the context . 
  in this case it simply means that there are powers that we are unable to affect . 
  hey , writing in english as i do n't have access to a swedish keyboard atm . 
  what do you actually want to say ? 
  i ca n't seem think of a direct translation . 
  usually we 'd say things like open and close , ( oppna and stanga ) but pushing a door ( knuffa , trycka etc ) feels unnatural . 
  dra also feels strange , but not as much . 
  although , i might just not be thinking clearly about it atm as i do n't use swedish that much daily these days . 
  sure , overwatch does n't need korea , but blizzard wants it to be big in korea , so they 're not gon na give up pcbangs . 
  only china . 
  korea is leading and they dont have it, 
  just look at leaderboards , see what they use , and adjust . 
  if you havent read his book i can recommend it . 
  i read it in swedish but iirc it has been translated to english . 
  \u3137 in initial position is aspirated though , and not really smooth at all . 
  the english d is closer to \u3138 if in initial position , \u3137 works if its non-initial . 
  i 'd personally recommend to always use more than one resource . 
  kgiu seems decent , but no material is perfect . 
  in that case you are saying your d 's weird . 
  \u3137in \ub315\ud06c is more like a t than a d . if it 's like \ub9e4\ub4dc it 's a d though . 
  the \u3138 in \ub561\uaddc sounds nothing like `` th '' though . 
  th does definitely not exist in korean . 
  that 's fine , i 'm sure your korean is great . 
  it does n't mean you 're saying the english d properly though . 
  when i hear \u3137 in initial position it does not sound like a d. it 's way too aspirated . 
  the t , d , th difference is something many koreans are mixing up when speaking english , partly because of the difference in inital and non-initial pronunciations of korean consonants ( that koreans themselves usually do n't acknowledge , for some reason , do you ? 
  ) , and partly because no one of these sounds lines up properly between the languages , you can only approximate , and with dialectal differences it becomes even more messy . 
  it 's not just me saying this btw , my old korean teacher explained this as well back when we went through the consonants . 
  if you want to be pedantic the english t is somewhere between those two .
