  what he did was certainly not right , but it 's not unique to him . 
  haha yeah that 's basically it, 
  i 'd say you 're totally right here , those 100 % emphasizing o 's . 
  as a fellow english as second language speaker , that 's exactly how i 'd emphasize things back in the days . 
  edit : also , in his post in the op , he used the o 's that way as well . 
  yes , stacking increased quantity , quality , and mob density through mentioned methods . 
  wow this was not expected, 
  diablorank.com is the only remotely accurate website with gear snapshots from the clear etc. 
  all because it indexes from the client . 
  its a bit slower than ingame but way better than the other websites, 
  the combat is far more dynamic and smooth in d3 , while the game content is more dynamic and complicated in poe . 
  in d3 , the most intresting thing that happens in a grift is a pylon . 
  compare to all the stuff poe has going on by default , by map mods , sextants , leaguestones . 
  build diversity is also a difference , d3 is very focused on cookie cutter `` best '' builds , while poe is about building something creative . 
  ( poe end game is essentially : is my build viable at this level , d3 is about pushing your limits ), 
  a big bonus about d3 though , it is so much better for ssf gameplay . 
  poe.trade is like the auction house in vanilla d3 that was removed for ruining the game . 
  in poe you have to play by it , or be reduced to like 2 viable builds . 
  i think both games are great , but very different . 
  i swap back and forth all the time . 
  the hc gameplay is more limited than sc though . 
  seoul alone is kinda meh , you really want to be in a group of some sort, 
  eat at a pcbang, 
  elementalist flameblast totems , looted mortem morsu , added chaos , and lycoeoensdhdhwj shield , rerolled st assassin, 
  this guy cant squat smoke properly, 
  swedes and koreans used to be up there ... 
  in terms of viable builds and progression speed . 
  yolo build is a kind of build that is viable in sc , yes . 
  if blizzard cared that much they 'd just be releasing expansions for d3 . 
  people ask about it on ziz 's stream all the time , iirc someone got sick and they had to postpone it ? 
  something like that, 
  i went pretty yolo hoping for maps from zana . 
  working alright so far , sustaining strands at least, 
  it shows me results from the soccer teams i follow . 
  i guess they started accepting esports the same way, 
  a couple years , you can be sort of conversational within a year if you work hard though . 
  if you have n't seen the beginners thread , check it out here, 
  as for tips ,, 
  stay away from romanization . 
  when learning pronunciation , do n't think of sounds being `` close to my native x '' but rather as a completely new sound . 
  practice as much as you can , preferably with native speakers . 
  if you do n't have any native speaker friends , try the hellotalk app . 
  watching kdramas can help , if you can handle the cringe . 
  learn a bit of everything at once . 
  do n't take it one thing at a time , because all parts of a language is needed , and it will all make more sense together . 
  when learning vocab , do n't use some pre-made flashcard deck , make your own , take words from texts you are practicing for example . 
  you need a context for the words to make use of them . 
  good luck , and do n't give up . 
  language learning is hard and takes a lot of time , but it 's fun and can be very rewarding !, 
  this game is not worth it without it . 
  for how long will you be staying here ? 
  i live in like the other side of seoul , so kinda far away , but i have n't been in hongdae for a few months due to studying and stuff . 
  i 'll probably be free next week though . 
  that girl is japanese though, 
  studying korean and struggling to read longer articles about politics ( election coming up now ) makes me appreciate my english fluency a lot more . 
  normally i do n't think too much about it, 
  there are tons of pictures of him and his daughter on his insta, 
  a derogatory term for western men, 
  i stayed solo in a 6ppl room ( but there are different kind of rooms as well ) at bunk in hongdae before , its really cheap but great value . 
  owner is really kind as well . 
  i dont know if its what you are after , but i recommend you to check it out at least, 
  people are richer so it only makes sense, 
  wiz is by far the strongest solo grifter , and with enough gear and paragons they will clear t10-13 as fast as dhs . 
  but , if you will play casually things might differ , you 'll have to decide what fits you the best . 
  there is no set end date yet , it will be announced when its about two weeks left . 
  but each seson usually lasts for 2-3 months , so there is still a lot of time left . 
  yeah thats very true, 
  if you mean the seasonal reward , they 're all decent except for wiz . 
  if you talk about the best performing set in the game this season , it 's wiz . 
   seemed to of finished, 
  i can sort of understand the would 've -  * would of * thing , but this ? 
  come on dude , it 's ** ` have ' ** , * seemed to of * makes no sense . 
  you could try interpals or hellotalk if you wan na speak to native speakers, 
  i got a similar memory from an old pc game in sweden . 
  the original phrase was in english `` i can use the rest '' , said by someone who carried stuff somewhere but had to wait , but the swedish translation became something like `` i can take what 's left '' but he did n't take anything , he just rested . 
  could n't understand what the hell he was talking about until i learned that the game was originally in english , and suddenly it made sense . 
  used to be a pretty big kpop fan , constantly looking up new releases and stuff , but since moving to korea i got kinda oversaturated and now i do n't really care . 
  if i hear a good song i might update some playlist , but i do n't follow anyone in particular anymore . 
  so i 'm swedish , and do n't speak danish , but if you said ` farvel og vi ses ikke senere ' ( word order ) would make sense to me . 
  might not have the same meaning , but it looks right at least . 
  ( ` farvel og ikke p\u00e5 gensyn ' is not a phrase in swedish afaik ), 
  that 's why i started with korean , but now it 's mostly to speak with friends, 
  i suppose it 's alright for hc . 
  the main issue is that the bonuses are defensive and stationary for the 2 and 4 piece , and the damage comes at 6pc , so it 's a much slower season progress than other sets . 
  it 's a bit like reject and refuse . 
  they 're used in different situations . 
  avls\u00e5 would pretty much never be used in normal conversation . 
  you hear it a lot on the news and such . 
  classic desync is still alive and well on 170 + ping . 
  i can make similar sounds ( the same as far as i can tell , cant be sure ) and its done by somehow stuffing air in your cheeks and forcing it out by adding pressure using cheek muscles . 
  and you get the triple voice by using both cheeks while talking normally at the same time . 
  its kinda hard to explain how its done but that is essentially what happens, 
  growing up with swedish tap water , korean tap water tastes horrible, 
  necromancy . 
  seriously though , it would be like any other language with little available material , no ? 
  seems like a google translate shenanigan to me, 
  korea is much more ` alive ' than sweden . 
  sweden is more comfortable . 
  tell her you 're `` allergic '' to bullshit and eat your goddamn noodles . 
  have kimchi on the side as well .
