  check out the sidebars at r/korean r/learnjapanese and r/chineselanguage ( i think i got the right names , they dont follow the same standard . . ) you should find beginner resource collections there . 
  it does help somewhat , but it lacks proper explanations for things , and can sometimes even result in the users `` learning mistakes '' . 
  main thing i 'm aware of is people learning swedish , my first language . 
  the app will let you write a , a , o instead of \u00c5 , \u00c4 , \u00d6 and just let you off with a warning to `` pay attention '' . 
  ends up with the user mixing them in whenever they feel like it 's right , when they are * very * different letters . 
  no one reaches conversational level through duolingo alone , yet it 's somewhat marketed to be a complete language course . 
  it is great to get people started though , for sure . 
  well , you will be able to make use of what you know for sure . 
  the japanese people in my korean classes usually do very well with little effort , but sometimes there is a difference that throws them off , and when that happens they tend to struggle to adapt . 
  similar languages can be a blessing and a curse , * false friends * can be a bitch . 
  for the most part word for word translations seems to * work * , but you would n't want to publish anything done that way . 
  you really want to try and produce sentences using korean from start to finish , as thinking japanese -  korean can make your sentences sound quite unnatural . 
  the chinese people have it easy understanding the meaning of words coming from hanja , but they struggle with grammar and pronunciation , so japanese would definitely be a bigger help . 
  it is very often used as a way to trick learners into sticking with a language with such different concepts as pictographs and tones . 
  chinese grammar is way easier for a native english speaker than korean or japanese , but ` no grammar ' is quite the exaggeration . 
  why do you think that your korean speaking is lacking compared to your japanese ? 
  chinese and japanese are both hard to read/write because of hanzi/kanji , which is quite a hurdle at first , so that 's understandable . 
  to me , korean started of the easiest all-round . 
  japanese was a bit harder because of kanji , and then chinese was really hard because hanzi * and * tones . 
  as i went along , and got used to pictographs , the tones in chinese was still a pain , but korean and japanese kinda felt the same . 
  ( i did learn a lot of korean vocab through hanja , so in that sense i guess i made the language function more like japanese . ), 
  i then gave up on both japanese and chinese due to lack of interest . 
  this all depends a lot on the type of person you are though , i focus a lot on speaking when i learn languages , which kinda amplified the tonal issue . 
  you guys are defending the right to arm and shoot yourself , i do n't think you should be talking , honestly . 
  saying swedes are destroying sweden for accepting refugees , when americans are killing their own in schools because of `` self defence-guns '' . 
  destroying countries is a relative thing . 
  yeah i can tell you have a grip on reality, 
  so you will admit to the gun problem ? 
  yeah that 's what i meant . 
  that 's the way to go for sure . 
  at first i used to be easily embarrassed when speaking korean . 
  i had always been ahead of the curve in english back in school ( in sweden ) because i learned it before school , so learning korean and being equal to everyone was kinda humbling . 
  i got over it by practicing as much as i could while drinking with korean exchange students , to take the edge of the confidence issues , and preferably with students who studied swedish , so that they 'd also be a learner , knowing the embarrassment and all . 
  once i started being decent everything became a lot easier . 
  still make mistakes , because i try to challenge myself whenever i can , and these days i learn more ( everyday useful stuff at least ) from the mistakes i make than from trying to memorize obscure vocabulary in class . 
  you either win or you learn !, 
  alright, 
  yeah exactly , korean can be frustrating if you speak chinese because of sino-korean and native-korean vocabularies being used for different situations . 
  i saw a joke post on facebook about some guy looking up \ud55c\uad6d , and then \ud55c and \uad6d separately and made the conclusion that korea means `` one soup '' . 
  it 's silly , but there are tons of real world examples as well . 
  one thing that messed with me for the longest time in regards to korean and hanzi was that ( sino ) korean 2 is \uc774 , and chinese 1 is \u4e00 ( y\u012b ) ... 
  it 's also a simple thing , but because it 's simple you do n't spend a lot of time thinking about it , and so you end up making more mistakes . 
  anything that was originally made in that language . 
  translation = compromises . 
  what interests me are the ( extremely ) rare times when a translation is better than the original . 
  well then that makes two of us , i support taking care of refugees to a certain extent ( all things in moderation , sweden has taken too many , but more importantly the way the refugees were accepted is just a complete mess . 
  ) , but i dont think religion belongs in a modern society at all , islam , christianity or whatever . 
  well i thought you wrote \u3145 at first so theres that one as well, 
  depends on context, 
  that list is kinda meh , sweden is not even on there when we are usually ranked among finland and norway, 
  what is a speech and debate kid ? 
  foreigner here, 
  i used to live in a swedish suburb , thinking the nightsky surely ca n't be that different in other less/more populated areas . 
  i live in central seoul now , and i have n't seen a star since i came here . 
  the difference really is like night and day , literally, 
  yeah sure , most immigrant slang that is used in sweden nowadays are words coming from turkish , arabic or persian , and is then adapted to fit swedish grammar . 
  there are tons of other slang in sweden as well , used by all kinds of people , mostly words from older swedish or other languages like english and romani . 
  some very simple examples of immigrant slang :, 
  ( shall we go ? ), 
  * att gitta * being a word coming from turkish ` gitmek ' which means to go . 
  `` han \u00e4r keff '' ( he is bad , undesirable , annoying , etc ) `` keff '' is a word coming from arabic ' \u06a9\u0641 ' , originally meaning * good * but has gotten the opposite meaning in swedish , likely due to sarcasm . 
  another pretty common word is `` jalla '' which means to hurry . 
  often used on it 's own , as in ` hurry up ! '', 
  in stockholm there is another category of slang known as `` s\u00f6dertugg '' , slang spoken in the s\u00f6dermalm part of stockholm . 
  it can be completely impossible to understand , it sometimes replaces almost entire sentences with nowadays nonsensical stuff . 
  a well known phrase `` vad g\u00e4spar skorpan ? '', 
  means ` what time is it ? 
  '' , but word for word it would be `` what yawns the biscuit ? '', 
  or something along those lines . 
  what are you planning on using the language for ? 
  you will have * some * use for it during the year you live here , but 3 hours a week wont take you very far . 
  if you have absolutely no plans to use korean when you go home it might not be worth it , but what if your mind changes during your stay ? 
  you 'll be wishing you had continued . 
  we ca n't know how useful it will be to you , as it is very individual . 
  or split the name with spaces and be called some strange combination like jung-nam or gung-jung, 
  finnair is one of the more popular europe-korea airlines , direct flight from seoul over russia , so it 's pretty short without detours . 
  they might just be going to transfer to a different flight from helsinki though , it 's finnairs major connection hub for europe-asia flights . 
  might be taking a flight somewhere from helsinki , it 's a transfer hub for finnair . 
  try r/kpop, 
  also its very salty, 
  in restaurants ? 
  playing from korea 180 to cali is the best we get . 
  singapore gets us 110-400 twitching so its even worse ... 
  same in korea , doesnt get better than 180, 
  yeah i heard that it can vary a lot , but all the pcbangs in my area are about the same . 
  i 've seen the netherlands topping some pages , which feels a bit out of place . 
  if i see a report that does n't have finland , sweden , and norway top 3 ( usually in that order ) , i get very skeptical . 
  do not search pottery on youtube then, 
  as dean i would contact robert glasper for a collab . 
  need more neo soul jazz kpop rnb stuff, 
  i would say ` ja det \u00e4r det ' more like ` ah de-\u00e9re ', 
  ee transcends all barriers, 
  that 's basically it . 
  korean \u3139 in initial position is quite similar to an l , and there is no v in korean , making it more a b/p , so lebel ub , level up , lebel up , something like that, 
  it 's supposed to be like level up , due to korean consonant limitations, 
  added chaos poison spell, 
  raiz did a decent caustic build for ssfhc , took it to 95 + somewhere before he got a stupid death, 
  i think i found 4 so far . 
  they 're not * that * rare, 
  yeah the netherlands always rank high , but the strange part is that most pages report you guys at 4-6 , and then some pages are reporting you at 1 by a huge margin , and it just seems really fishy .
