  and spectre with radi, 
  i personally think you forgot ** [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vqyug.gif ) ** one , there is a chance that people have told you already , but i ca n't look through all the comments to find out . 
  i like this one, 
  first time in a beta ? 
  k\u00e4llstr\u00f6m doing some pirlo shit for the 2-1 . 
  but elmander ... 
  that assist from k\u00e4llstr\u00f6m , good stuff . 
  remember hearing this as well . 
  i know there are a lot of people who are extremely good at this kind of trick shots , i imagine if your profession is handling a football , take * a few * tries and you can do some amazing tricks . 
  you can use your graphics card as a cup holder , and if you do n't want to use the case you can use it as a bed table , ( or whatever those are called ) depending on your bed height of course . 
  motherboards can be put up on your wall like a framed picture , 80mm fans are great christmas tree decorations . 
  optical drives , harddrives and psu 's are not much fun though , if someone else has a good idea on what to do with them , please let me know !, 
  got sure has great plot, 
  got sure has great plot, 
  ah that seems correct, 
  wait , tv4play is airing live from kanal5 ? 
  ctrl is a handy little key . 
  you might know this , but if you write `` reddit '' in the address bar and hit ctrl + enter it will automatically make it `` www.reddit.com '' . 
  at leat in chrome , i assume it works in other browsers as well , but i have n't tried . 
  well yes , that works , but only if you have visited the page before . 
  you can also set your homepage to an empty tab and have the pages in the bookmark field , but do n't underestimate ctrl to fill in `` www . 
  ... . com '' !, 
  or just used to it since the time it was faster and have no reason to switch, 
  i 've heard people say zeeon , kseon , and my chinese friend who says sheeon , because it 's how x would be pronounced in mandarin , or something like that . 
  it 's possible that zlatan grabbed a yellow on purpose against austria as well . 
  who knows ? 
  replace with jupp ? 
  i was up to 4am looking at hardware videos on youtube , i had a small essay to write but did it on the bus to uni instead . 
  now if only i could afford some parts ... 
  i saw the headline , started to look for bild in the article right away , found it , closed the link, 
  the offlaner will get xp from the neutrals as well , and from a larger distance , and wards last longer . 
  it 's a good day to be an offlaner, 
  i 'm not believing any of this until a see a source that is not quoting bild . 
  i think it was weppas who said it the way most swedes do , as our j does n't have that faint d sound in front its more to the english y, 
  we sure do , and i yoin my friends for a game of dota occasionally . 
  literally\u02c8l\u026at ( \u0259 ) r\u0259li /, 
  adverb : literally, 
  1 . in a literal manner or sense ; exactly . 
  `` the driver took it literally when asked to go straight over the roundabout '', 
  informal, 
  used for emphasis while not being literally true . 
  `` i have received literally thousands of letters '', 
  it can literally mean figuratively nowadays ... 
  it bugs me that they 're not in the same ( right ) order . 
  warlock is 4,5,6 respectively , so that 's good . 
  but warrior is 6,4,5 ... 
  so that i dont have to wait 30sec just because i refreshed a stream, 
  yeah . 
  linus from linus tech tips managed to tell the difference in a little test he did . 
  his friend that was n't used to 120 could not , however . 
  i saw something at a tailor shop once , they were asking for ptl or ptr when they were measuring for pants , ptl being penis to left and ptr being right . 
  i personally wear pants that are n't tight at that particular place because it 's not comfortable . 
  also , i 'm a grower not a shower , so it fits fine in the middle . 
  there is already a bush or stone located close to max range on just about every tower , you just have to find them and then use that to guess the range on the other side of the tower, 
  i 'd rather see lewa with arsenal than bayern . 
  got ta admit \u00d6zil lewa would be cool to watch . 
  either zlatan or ronaldo in the world cup ... 
  sad, 
  arsenal fc @arsenal, 
  #arsenal team to play borussia dortmund : szczesny , sagna , mertesacker , koscielny , gibbs , rosicky , arteta , wilshere , ramsey , ozil , giroud, 
  nuri sahin is actually a real madrid player playing for dortmund though, 
  on my fifa save , lewa got injured , and i put auba in his place with kuba on the right , it worked fine , so obviously that is a great solution . 
  hans majest\u00e4t zlatan, 
  it 's gon na be a good day tomorrow !, 
  first this , then el classico a bit later . 
  polizei looks awesome, 
  korean wants a word with you, 
  cyka, 
  you 're writing it in german , but you 're not saying it , v = f in spoken german . 
  sounds like a party to me !, 
  god does n't exist, 
  you can also grab their creepwave with bear and drag it wherever you want, 
  2 1 2 lanes instead of 1 1 3 , gold increase , tranquil change . 
  duolingo also come on smartphone apps , they 're great and i did n't know about it for a while so i thought i 'd mention it, 
  yay, 
  pls no, 
  or sny on every hero, 
  feel free to add me on http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044702613/, 
  i 'm swedish , playing on high/very high , usually play offlane , but i 'm also a decent carry , decent support , and i 'm ok with some mid heroes . 
  i 'm friendly , do n't ever rage , i focus on improving my own and my friends ' play , while maintaining a happy mood . 
  got 1600 hours played in dota2 , and played a ton of wc3 dota as well , although only `` pub fun '' style games back then . 
  5 is not quite sure what he 's doing, 
  i love that leverkusen are doing good , it would be nice if gladbach and leverkusen could compete for the top spots in buli and also in champion . 
  i would n't mind if schalke stepped up their game , as long as they do n't beat us ... 
  i do n't really watch tv anymore , so i might be horribly wrong ; but is n't 6an one of those channels everyone get ? 
  you could just make a new account when your main one gets banned though , right ? 
  what would you get from having wins on it already ? 
  all i can think of is that you 'd be on proper elo when you get banned , but you still have to go through the low elo when you created that other acc , so does it really matter ? 
  invoker , sillybear , gondar , timber , weaver, 
  have a skywrath mid as well and you got some crazy kill potential, 
  no jazz ? ... 
  [ sim city 3000 south bridge ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zarlktiumi&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  man i forgot how much i liked this song, 
  broodmotherfucker, 
  any jazz , usually . 
  in the trees , rather ... 
  i wrote it from memory on my phone , as i could n't look while i wrote . 
  i just made sure i included all the points . 
  i guess i can restructure it later when i 'm on my pc . 
  that 's pretty much what i was looking for , it 's a few months old , but i could probably use it anyways .
