  the sju file has two variations , the northern one and the southern one , both are used today , its just a regional thing, 
  well it 's a bit more complicated , but the ` sju ' pronunciation is mostly associated with norrland . 
  stockholm is a ` chu ' place , and im pretty sure my malm\u00f6 friends also say it ` chu ' , g\u00f6teborg might say ` sju ' , not sure on that one tbh . 
  we usually just call it ` dialektalt ' and leave it at that . 
  any recommendations ? 
  never been to a mexican restaurant in seoul before, 
  i got it at new years eve ( finally went to the hospital after a week of fevers ) 2 years ago at 20 , i also had to wait for someone to actually tell me it was pneumo , even though we all suspected it . 
  for like a month and a half later i had to catch my breath after walking up stairs . 
  its no joke . 
  ermagerd pharmercy, 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean , but using definite form in swedish does n't necessarily work in the exact same way as in english , so my guess is that it has to do with that . 
  i quickly searched and found this blog post explaining a bit of indefinite/definite forms in swedish , take a look and see if you can find what you were looking for . 
  no , finland being part of scandinavia is wrong , but many people are unaware , which skews the results on google . 
  finnoscandia is what its called when finland is included . 
  woops , you are right . 
  if you have 1 good support and 4 bad cores , and the other team has 1 bad support and 4 good cores , you have one good team and one bad team , the bad team might have an early advantage because of their support , but when the game goes on the better team will most likely win . 
  `` i ca n't hear you '' , or maybe that 's what they say when someone starts talking to them to make them understand ... 
  stuck in the door forever, 
  i ca n't imagine why they 'd do that with the popularity of overwatch currently . 
  it 's probably temporary . 
  could you give us a sentence or two ? 
  phrases like these does n't always translate well directly . 
  you could say it like this :, 
  i 'm not sure on the exact difference between the two , but afaik they mean the same thing and are interchangeable , might need someone native to sort that out though . 
  i hear a lot of ( younger ) koreans use \uc3d8\uc3d8 ( so-so , konglish ) these days as well . 
  positive : i 've ended up learning korean and is currently on an exchange program in korea , where i can meet some of the amazing friends i 've met throughout the years , all the time . 
  negative : what the hell am i doing with my life majoring in korean pls send help, 
  i just now asked some of my native friends and they said pretty much the same , so i guess it 's basically confirmed then !, 
  spao is a pretty big chain , it kinda reminds me of h&m . pretty sure they do n't do international , but i know you can find a bunch of spao stuff on gmarket , which does . 
  if a majority of the people are too new to talk it becomes an issue , if its just one or two , not so much, 
  she 's obviously really sad but damn this shit is hilarious at times, 
  i 'm swedish so not sure about denmark , but akvavit ? 
  well , learning the writing system of a language without learning the language is pretty useless to be honest . 
  then head over to r/korean !, 
  well yeah starting to learn is a pretty useful step to learning the language , but i 'd bet that more than 99 % of people wont take that step . 
  there are lots of resources available in the sidebar there , it 's a great place to start , and after 2 years of studies i still go there often, 
  yeah sure , if you are visiting you could make use of it a bit , absolutely . 
  and if you know how to say some basic words in korean like \ud654\uc7a5\uc2e4 or \uc0bc\uacb9\uc0b4 , knowing how to read them will be quite useful for signs , menus etc. 
  but visiting korea is not really that common for the average redditor , right ? 
  it is the informal ending to the copula ` to be ' , so saying ` noun ' + ( ee ) ya means that something/someone is something . 
  and they both came of cd just in time, 
  `` get outta town '' dude old people have the best expressions, 
  yeah , dingle . 
  he measured the walking speed, 
  saol is what most people use for scrabble at least, 
  there is also supply and demand in this situation though, 
  i 'm billingual swedish-english , and currently learning korean . 
  headaches should not be a result from switching between languages . 
  are you sure it ca n't be something unrelated causing it ? 
  i was wondering why i suddenly had so many , that explains it haha, 
  i do , its overwatch everywhere , you still see some lol players but the majority are overwatch at my local pcbangs, 
  you are right about nb2 . 
  for edm in hongdae m2 is alright, 
  you 're right , dv and av, 
  its spelled nej in swedish and danish , nei is norwegian iirc, 
  \u314b is more aspirated , more air will come out when you pronounce it . 
  sometimes people explain it over text as kh instead of k , and \u3131 is sometimes k , sometimes g . you really should find a video or sound file and listen to the difference . 
  it 's really hard to understand the difference through text . 
  look in our sidebar for the beginner thread , its a list of all kinds of resources ; books , videos , online sites , apps etc. 
  i 've heard a lot of good things about talktomeinkorean and their easy going podcast-like lessons . 
  i take uni classes so i did n't use free material as much but if you wan na go that route definitely check out ttmik, 
  according to my korean friends it is way too easy to get a licence here . 
  there is an old cs clone in korea though . 
  never became a global thing but it was huge in korea back then . 
  people who think overwatch is the first fps in korea are wrong . 
  as for books , the only ones i used kinda needed a teacher to explain things , so for self studies i would not recommend them . 
  as for the link , the \u3150being ng is probably a typo , it should be \u3147 in the end of a block for ng . 
  \u3150is ae ( although pronounced as a single vowel and not a diphthong . ), 
  in korean , z and j are represented by the same character , \u3148 , which makes a j like sound , making hanzo sound like hanjo ( \ud55c\uc870 ) . 
  now i dont think this is the reason for that guy , but fun fact nonetheless . 
  i started playing when i arrived in korea because its free to play at pcbangs ( if you buy standard hours ofc ) and i like it a lot . 
  everyone plays it here , and i will def buy it when i come home next year, 
  you can use \uc88b\uc544\ud558\ub2e4 just fine as long as you use the \uc744 / \ub97c instead of \uc774 / \uac00, 
  dude what ? 
  european is not a language, 
  mosquito is a word from spanish . 
  certain other languages , like english , uses the spanish word . 
  tteok is the word with the most amount of different romanizations ive seen . 
  in seoul you can see it romanized in all kinds of ways . 
  no one is actually right though ... 
  nah man its perfect , you just have valve do warcraft 4, 
  looks like it says \uc2dc\uaca8 , but i have no clue what it could mean , and naver did n't seem to know either, 
  i know that in dota people generally have a bit over 50 % . 
  i have like 4k hours played and a 52-53 % winrate , probably higher than 50 because i also get better from playing a lot . 
  over a short period of time this 50/50 can be way off , but over many games it generally evens out to 50 . 
  it does generally not matter much for each individual game that the sr is a bit higher or a bit lower . 
  but if you are constantly a bit lower than the opposing team you will end up with a lower winrate over many games , unless you get better at a rate that offsets this . 
  this kind of elo system works better than what i first thought it would . 
  people were complaining to valve that they were too low , and valve sometimes pushed these people up a bit to see what would happen . 
  at first they sometimes won a few and gained a bit more , but generally after they played enough games , they would 've dropped down to their previous rating . 
  i find that even though it feels like i 'm on this huge losing streak since forever , if i look on stat tracking sites to see the graph i find that i just did n't notice the winning streak i had before , and this streak ended up just being the other side to the 50/50 over time . 
  for online mmr/elo systems like these , the dunning -- kruger effect , and some good old negativity bias are really prevalent , and i feel like i can handle the ladder anxiety better by keeping this in mid . 
  and the native/sino systems are usually not mixed , but because the native numbers stop at 99 , sometimes you will hear for example age or amount of people being said with 100 in sino , and then native for the rest, 
  intresting , i have not heard about that , my teachers always said that there ia no native word for 100 and up . 
  \uc788\ub2e4 is what 's called plain form , its informal when spoken , and used when not directed to anyone in written text , such as essays . 
  look up plain form for a more thorough explanation . 
  when i play overwatch i 'm the only non korean in the game , always . 
  i 'm not sure if they separated the servers , but i log in to asia and it 's only koreans, 
  dota 2 , overwatch, 
  you could say it like ohmguh , but that 's a bit tricky .
