  \uc774\ub2e4 is called a copula ( ? 
  something like that ) ~ ~ and can not be used for being at a location afaik . ~ ~ i stand corrected , noob confirmed !, 
  well til . 
  studied for one year now , and that has never been mentioned in regards to either being at a place or using \uc774\ub2e4 for that any other purpose than the one i mentioned . 
  i can definitely see a difference , but it 's so small that i wo n't care about it , i will use continue using - novid . 
  does that make a difference as well ? 
  so you are accusing op of fabricating evidence ? 
  there is a difference in the picture he posted for sure . 
  he talked about having read the inner game of tennis on his stream a while ago . 
  aww man the bear guy is awesome, 
  this is great i like this one, 
  we 90 's now, 
  i love nujabes and i have a similar feeling for a lot of the music made by a taiwanese guy who goes by `` soft lipa '' . 
  try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3njynsjtwk&amp;feature=youtu.be ) one if you 're interested . 
  when using hand gestures to signal someone to come to you , in some countries ( east asia at least ) you ca n't wiggle your index finger facing upwards , you should use the whole hand , and downwards . 
  that swedish papadrayich something guy says some hilarious things in his casts at times , he mightve said that, 
  gfycat works great on the app im using, 
  three classes of korean vocabulary :, 
  sino-korean ( from chinese ) : ~ 69 %, 
  native korean : ~ 24 %, 
  recent borrowings : ~ 6 %, 
  source : http://linguistics.berkeley.edu/~rosemary/55-su2004-korean-wes.pdf, 
  well yeah the pronunciation is not identical , but can still be very similar . 
  as for the words you think you heard , i can only guess , but \u7d27\u5f20 ( j\u01d0nzh\u0101ng ) could be \uc9c4\uc9dc ( jinjja ) , which means sort of like `` really '' and is used frequently in normal conversations , the other one is not that easy to guess for me ( i 'm still learning ) but it sounds kinda similar to \uc874\ub313\ub9d0 ( jondaetmal ) which is `` polite speech '' . 
  but like i said it could be anything , and there is definitely loan words that are very similar . 
  a double , he said so in his ama, 
  edit : magnus garneij is his name, 
  for when you have time !, 
  just make torrent a mini ravage, 
  i got another one for you , all the way from korea, 
  also , nintendo is japanese ... 
  i think brawl was the first smash game in korea iirc, 
  yea, 
  well the thing with the acid cloud build is that the suwong can get 100 % increased acid cloud damage , its 100 % in one slot , which makes it really powerful , same goes with scrimshaw , it has a special damage roll range for chargers , so those are the top 2 weapons for helltooth . 
  you can of course make some acid build with some 1hander and totd , but it ca n't be as good as the main 2 builds , really . 
  i do a little variation with helltooth , manajuma set for the speedchicken , and in-geom cubed , that i run for bounties and key wardens , but it 's not cool in grifts as it really only gives speed and fire wall spam . 
  same here , got my skills on 1 2 3 4 , felt more natural thay way , coming from wow, 
  semi related , but how do you build your xp support wd ? 
  you use convention of the elements to get a bunch of elemental damages , but for gear most people do fire , for the wall , and then you can use either acid cloud with cold damage , or zombie bears with poison damage . 
  it 's the best dod in hc s4 , and the 2nd best total s4 . 
  may your lag never be fixed ... seriously that is filthy, 
  non season korean ladder is pushing 4man grift 79 atm with double wd dps , and they 're both carnzuni , the old darts build . 
  so even though barbs are doing the most atm , and wd are doing ok with helltooth , with some bis rolls and a bunch of paragons , things might change . 
  you guys got some balls playing helltooth in hc at this point ... 
  link us your gear and spec , with decent gear tx should n't be too hard, 
  i was pushing solo grifts yesterday with pretty average gear , i got to 62 using trapped , esoteric and molten gizzard , but i was always 5-10 seconds late with the rg , then i swapped gizzard to stricken , and got him down within decent time . 
  i did have some issues with recovery when my pot was on cd , but i was able to overcome that by positioning myself where i could dodge projectiles , and hunt for globes every now and then . 
  dropping esoteric would never work , i 'd get one-shot by most things . 
  i do n't really see any point using iceblink , you do enough dmg to trash as it is , and stricken  iceblink f\u00f6r rg . 
  for higher grifts you need all the defence you can get . 
  in higher rifts , where mobs stay alive longer , and with high mob density , it will happen , some tilesets seems to be worse as well . 
  this happens in solo , but the density is not always high enough . 
  non season is basically only carnevil though , so carn definitely has potential , but it might be due to perfect rolls and tons of paragon levels , i expect to see carn in the top 10 towards the end of the season at least . 
  how about rift guardians ? 
  i have some issues with the rakanoth guy , his teleport shit one shots me , and a death maiden ( ? ), 
  looking one with some poison shit that charges me if i stay close to her , and one shots . 
  this is grift 64 atm . 
  the rakanoth one is just instant leave , after my spirit walk and spirit vessel has been used i 'm just dead . 
  the death maiden one is annoying because i can let my templar tank her , if i stay at max range , and she wont use her charge , but then i ca n't use my bears , so i do n't have enough damage to kill her , if i stay close , i need to move constantly or she one shots me with her charge , that she spams , and thus , no bears either ... 
  sorry for not knowing the names of the bosses ... and i 'm sure there are more bosses that can be struggles but atm these are the ones i can think of . 
  funny how when he dies at the start those 2 times , its because his ancients died , and he did n't seem notice . 
  that rune is really powerful it seems . 
  im 650 or something para and i do 63 solo , 50 is a complete faceroll , maybe their reasoning is slightly justified ? 
  wait really ? 
  i figured since he can teleport across the whole fucking map that it was unavoidable unless spirit walking , but i 'll admit i have n't tried that yet . 
  i think i remember reading that they swapped out the team who was making it , i could be wrong . 
  im pretty sure we dont run zeis anymore , i only see simplicity , trapped and esoteric on the leaderboards these days, 
  keep in mind rend can lag quite a bit with some density , might not be great for group play ... 
  top carns tend to use esoteric trapped and simplicity these days, 
  the problem is that you 'll die to everything in higher grifts if you stay at confidence ritual range , carn is not a tanky build . 
  in ideal circumstances you might be able to utilize confidence but on average witching hour will give you a lot more mileage . 
  eu non season rank1 4man grift79 , 2 carn doctors , no stricken in the entire group . 
  its not required obviously . 
  yes , my point was that it 's in no way a must for higher 4man grifts . 
  keep in mind that carnevil has a less forgiving playstyle compared to helltooth . 
  if you position yourself wrong you can easily get oneshot at around gr60 . 
  helltooth is also a lot easier to gear for . 
  scrimshaw is 50 % chance to get from cubing rare spears , compared to darts dagger being one of quite a few ceremonial knives . 
  carn also wants high attack speed , while helltoth really only builds standard dps stats . 
  helltooth will also handle certain nasty mobs better than carn , as you are naturally more tanky . 
  i have pretty similar gear level for both specs but i find myself having to fish for certain rifts more with carn . 
  that being said , helltooth is not a `` better '' build , you can definitely reach 60 and beyond with carn , but i find helltooth easier , maybe it fits my style better , idk . 
  sorry if this formating became clunky btw , writing on mobile ... 
  that guy who did rank 1 with ww saif he thinks rend is more stable for higher 60s clears , and that ww scales better with insane density and boss rng , so the potential is higher . 
  he thought ww probably will be top towards the end of the season . 
  played quite a bit so far , 166 hours , solo grift 63 , para 674 ( but mostly played solo , due to wd ) . 
  i 'm slowly losing interest in the game now , played a whole lot at the start , but the reason is that i basically ca n't play my main ( helltooth wd ) in groups , due to lag , and solo is just fishing all day long , swap to barb alt to get keys , and repeat . 
  gear upgrades are very rare from drops , my best way to get upgrades for my wd is playing my barb . 
  ( group grifts for bloodshards , speed t8 for breaths ) . 
  my biggest issue with the state of the game is the lag in higher grifts , after that it 's how extremely unrewarding elites and rares are , if they could be made to give more progress or something like that to sort of offset the need for insane white density in grifts we would n't need to fish and skip as much as we are doing now . 
  oh and certain bullshit mobs needs some fine tuning ... 
  on my wd i had to fish for the 60 clear at first , on my barb with ww i had to fish a little , and with rend and hota i got 60 done on my first tries , my gear was about the same on my characters . 
  sometimes the rift rng just wont give you anything but low density and ghosts , hang in there !, 
  i recently started to prio the weapon and armor racks as high as deaths breaths and legs when i do my t8 rift spams , and my mats are at a healthy level again . 
  always pick up whites and you should be good , the cube convert mat is great . 
  sure , it 's fast . 
  is it better because it 's fast ? 
  it feels more like a circus show than a musical performance to me . 
  music is not a race , you do n't have to reach the end as fast as possible . 
  but sure , it 's an impressive feat to play it that fast .
