  g\u00f6tze , he 's the german messi, 
  me neither !, 
  me and a friend both felt stupid not going to a bar to watch this one , but we 're going for the return for sure !, 
  i dated a dyslectic girl for 3 years ... 
  surstr\u00f6mming ftw, 
  she 's referred to as dany in the book, 
  so michio kaku does n't understand theoretical physics ? 
  i thought you were gon na say you won the sof, 
  should n't have bought g\u00f6tze then you bastards , 
  never talked to him i suppose , just going by looks, 
  haha straight to the point . 
  i like it, 
  looks like a white kim kardashian, 
  jamie was the best dressed guy before his little adventure, 
  i used that armor setup before i got 70 def for my bandos , i never realized why people were so surprised when i talked to them until i got a task to kill blue drags ... 
  the p stands for parking , the nus stands for something else, 
  swede here , never heard of it ... 
  now that i have heard of !, 
  a karma train, 
  the whole song is made as a joke . 
  his actual music is written and produced by himself . 
  oh and btw , he 's not a group . 
  in sweden it 's a lot harder to have guns , and we have n't had any school shootings , no accidents with small children finding guns at home . 
  sure guns might be fun , but they are designed to kill , like any weapon . 
  if they 're more easily available somewhere , more people that should n't get to them , will . 
  if it 's fun to shoot things , make it so guns are not allowed outside shooting ranges . 
  as a swede i 'm not be very into the gun debate , but i think it 's batshit insane that people should be allowed to have guns at home . 
  i do n't see anything positive with it . 
  look at it from a different point off view , a country that does n't have as many guns . 
  there is a clear difference . 
  will not stop , but will decrease . 
  if a car would be designed to kill things with i would be against it as well . 
  playguuuuuu, 
  feels good man , germany wins the cl 11-3 against spain . 
  let 's hope for a similar result in the wc . 
  looking forward to the final !, 
  ( and saturday ), 
  well mou and real knew everything about lewa did n't they ? 
  glad that pique realised it was over, 
  you tried, 
  if you have the time i would love to hear your thoughts about slayer in a way similar to the op . 
  for me the reason i train slayer and combat at the same time is that it comes with built in variety , but i feel that it 's more efficient to get your combat level to a reasonably high number before starting with slayer , fit faster kills and note efficient combat through gear and prayer etc. 
  perhaps you 'd like to investigate that as well ? 
  says obamaisaterrorist, 
  thrift shop or whatever it 's called did n't impress me much , but this is kinda cool, 
  yeeeee, 
  chega de saudade is wonderful, 
  pat metheny group ( lyle mays ) - and then i knew, 
  especially the part between 4:09 and 4:20, 
  to be fair , i 'm always on the computer, 
  oh you, 
  i 'd say miranda or templar assassin . 
  meh , wrote from my phone : <, 
  it wanted it to be temple assassin as well but i caught that one, 
  i like you . 
  a true artist, 
  great !, 
  aww !, 
  poor thing, 
  good job !, 
  what the hell did that waiter say to him , ca n't hear it at all . . 
  no she quit, 
  yeah he 's been a beast , but so has m\u00fcller, 
  nowadays i usually play a 3 solo offlaner , or in some cases jungle . 
  i used to play a 1 easylane , but since i started playing with my friend who does that better than me i prefer to leave that to him . 
  red all the way . 
  aoe2hd on steam , gogo !, 
  you 'll lose ( some ) interest in the game . 
  i have only played it a couple of hours after i finished it : /, 
  i love ass . 
  coffee is okay, 
  it also works for people who claim pepsi tastes like shit compared to coke . 
  i do n't remember where i read it , so it might be completely wrong , but there was a big experiment with lots of people doing a blind test and the majority said the pepsi one tasted better . 
  i have a different problem . 
  my [ motivation ] stat is too low to start [ doing shit with life ], 
  dude , op asked about sex , not wrestling . 
  come on, 
  the pain, 
  oh you, 
  the text is great, 
  quite a bump , right ? 
   and yeah , those groups are what i 've always been using . 
  but when i play the other micro heroes i find myself using the ctrl more than groups , and because of that i 've gotten used to do both ways , and it works great . 
  the reason i wrote it here in the post is because it 's new for dota2 , the groups are old news to just about anybody . 
  i know i did, 
  i 'm so sorry , but that guy to the left totally looks like a fish ... 
  drow used to have a `` crit '' that only worked against creeps as her ult . 
  aight , one less to care about . 
  or dota / lol, 
  apple, 
  haha , i 'd pick guitars , they usually come with strings anyways, 
  i love romance movies , way more than my ex did , unfortunately, 
  they 're all pretty hot , kpop girl groups are manly as hell, 
  4 is more than 1 even when you 're talking about tumors ... 
  my cat does n't even care about the tp ... 
  happened to a lot of people : /, 
  aviatress ? 
  well til, 
  his big bro http://pokemon.alexonsager.net/85/66, 
  roman is such a boss .
