  i completely agree . 
  i studied spanish for 4 years in school , stopped 7 years ago , and i would n't even call myself a1 . 
  such a waste of time . 
  if i could 've studied mandarin or korean back then i could 've actually made use of all those hours in class ... 
  we have many ways to say stepparents . 
  styvpappa is stepfather , the proper way to say it . 
  plastpappa , l\u00e5tsaspappa and bonuspappa are all common , meaning plastic dad , fake dad , and bonus dad , respectively . 
  we dont really care more than any other nationality about family relations , i 'd say we actually care less . 
  we have a lot of divorces here so stepparents are quite common . 
  but naturally , stepparents are not always too happy about being called plastic or fake . 
  im not an expert , but it could be some unicode issues . 
  if your pc is set to display non unicode things in english , you will get a bunch of nonsense everytime something is non unicode , so maybe the website had proper unicode support but that popup message did not ? 
  you can change unicode settings in windows to always display non unicode as korean . 
  i did it to properly use korean in a wow private server , and i have n't bothered changing back , because the only program that was affected by it was skype . 
  ( so skype is all in korean , which is not a big deal ), 
  as it kinda requires someone to not speak the language i do n't think it 's a common thing . 
  i do n't watch \ubb34\ud55c\ub3c4\uc804 that much but i do n't remember seeing it before . 
  running man is the most popular show outside of korea , and infinite challenge is the most popular show in korea . 
  just about all shows with yjs are worth watching though , honestly . 
  but i mean , if you like running man , infinite challenge is worth watching , but it takes a bit of an investment to get into it , there is a lot of cast interaction that has built up over the past what , 10 years ? 
  it 's a pretty well established show . . 
  jack black has a style style that fits well , in most of his stuff with tenacious d he goes all in without shame , and i think that 's the attitude you need to fit in . 
  i keep hearing this , but never with a source , has it actually been proven ? 
  not gon na lie , korean music did influence my decision to start learning . 
  haha , you do n't watch a lot of korean tv , do you ? 
  yeah my bias list is all messed up now ... 
  [ so what - miles davis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dec8nqt6rrk ), 
  honestly ad blocking seems more important for security these days, 
  it 's been a bit over 20 years now and my dad is still able to answer just about any stupid question i ask ... 
  `` finemang '' is a good one , meaning something like `` great '', 
  they look mostly scandinavian , but i heard that the `` single eyelid '' is more common with sami people , and that is a facial feature that is mostly seen among asians . 
  i guess you could say it in a similar way in english :, 
  for these distances the team captain has three , two , one , and three women to chose from , in that order . 
  usually when people ask why these buildguides dont take them even remotely close to whats advertised its because they are missing things from the build . 
  often , these builds require just about all the items that are listed to work at all . 
  builds that do okay without all items usually wont take you to 80 + because theyre not optimised properly . 
  when i learned english i was quite young so what i did might not be the most effective method for you but id say just keep watching tv shows that you like , even with subs , and you will evetually get used to their way of talking . 
  i still have trouble occasionally when i hear some strange british accent , but its mostly because im not used to hearing it . 
  just a heads up , msg has been proven safe . 
  most of the streetview images are taken 2009 , it seems, 
  isnt the ik wep a mighty weapon ? 
  fx and 2ne1 . 
  her real name is im jin-ah and as far as i know she 's full korean, 
  hmm , he 's not using the standard setup !, 
  he uses taeguk instead of pain enhancer , and in his cube he uses that orb offhand instead of the teleport wep , as well as convention instead of unity . 
  ( and because of the orb he uses explosive blast instead of force weapon ), 
  what i mean by standard is the build that everyone else in the top ~ 20 uses at the moment , but yeah , there are some variations indeed . 
  coming from swedish , which is a quite melodic language , i think japanese sounds a bit too monotone , robotic or whatever you wan na call it . 
  still a great language , but i would have to say arabic sounds better to my ears . 
  wow they are like proper actors , how can they say those things with a straight face ? 
  love it when \uc194\uc9c0 goes all out in the end, 
  yeah it means grandfather, 
  go over to r/korean and check the sidebar, 
  there is kalbi with pork as well , look for `` dwaeji kalbi '' or something with similar spelling , if you know the hangoolz you can try \ub3fc\uc9c0 \uac08\ube44 . 
  there is also chicken kalbi which has nothing to do with ribs but is still called kalbi, 
  there is a korean dish called dakgalbi which is chicken with `` korean marinade '' , there are many recipes online in english , but it 's slightly different from the marinade in the op . 
  it can be a bit spicy as well so be careful . 
  a lot of south east asians are in fact , muslims . 
  on a related note , cass is pronounced just like the swedish slang word `` kass '' which means bad . 
  they 're quite similar , there is a slight difference in pronunciation , you 'd say fem ton with a bit more ` t ' than femton . 
  but i would say that it 's usually separated enough by context . 
  their pronunciation might be the easist out of the big east asian 3 , but i 've seen many sources saying japanese is the hardest major language to learn for english speakers , due to the grammar as well as kanji ( korean having similar grammar but no kanji , and chinese having hanzi but not as complicated grammar . 
  i 'm playing 100 % solo this season and just a few hours a week , currently at paragon 670 ~ playing wiz and crusader and got both to 70 with very lacking gear . 
  i know that dh are in a rough spot right now , but im sure you could push higher than that without having to grind paragon . 
  d3 kinda slows down after you reach high enough in grs though , so you feeling like you 're hitting a wall is to be expected . 
  my crus is ok not great but after just 25 hours played its better than my wiz with way more hours but i play solo so i guess crus will def be better . 
  its hard to gear for crus but you can do so much with just those rings and a couple ancients and some cdr but damn its annoying to never ever get any upgrades because it needs like ancient perf rolled to be of any use, 
  solo life is the only life fuck group meta and lag and para grind fuck that with a stick, 
  lon bomb all day baby, 
  why do i get those illusionwhatver boots from the bounty bag shit, 
  on a related note , the `` i 'm so sorry '' that is used in english in situations like when someone tells you something that makes them sad , does n't translate very well . 
  what do koreans say in such situations ? 
  it means the central part of stockholm , plural would be centraler , centralerna, 
  no , like , i mean i need them , but fuck bounties, 
  my pc doesnt get along with the game anymore , i die a lot to spikes and crashes these days, 
  universities will sometimes have a couple of exhange students who might be intrested in a language exchange . 
  i know a few swedes who are studying in hk now , i bet there 's a few norwegians there as well . 
  korean is more difficult for english speakers that european languages , but its far from impossible to learn . 
  if you like korea , you will most likely have way more use of it than latin . 
  hangul can seem difficult if youre not used to a different alphabet , but once i got used to it it became one of my favorite things about the language . 
  it really isnt as hard as it first might seem . 
  just stick with it , youll be fine !, 
  if you are at stockholm uni ( or any other uni in sthlm/live in sthlm ) , you could try the language cafe , there is a timeslot for greek , and just after that there is one for swedish . 
  if you are not in sthlm then perhaps you could see if any other local uni has something similar . 
  its interesting to try to read korean without hangul , i had to read it out loud to understand what you were saying . . a quick thing though , using \ub3c4 like that seems like you didnt greet him yesterday either , which would be a bit strange . 
  buut im also not very high level yet , so take it with a grain of salt !, 
  the way i would say it , since you used \ub294\ub370 , is just to not use \ub3c4 . 
  \ub294\ub370 has a contrasting meaning on its own , so even if you could use \ub3c4 in that situation i feel like it would be redundant . 
  yeah , for sure . 
  the sleep thing is an intresting thing with transivity , as it is an intransitive verb ( requires no object ) in english , but a transitive verb ( should have an object ) in korean , and since english has many verbs that are ambitransitive you rarely see verbs that requires an object , thus making the \uc7a0\uc790\ub2e4 thing hard to understand . 
  especially since \uc7a0 and \uc790\ub2e4 are basically the same thing . 
  get a proper spec and proper gear . 
  you will be able to do like grift 50 with no problem if you are just slightly aware of whats going on . 
  dont do grift 20 , do normal rifts until you got a working setup, 
  without more info , uzbek , otherwise korean, 
  swedish teens are usually only racist online when they can be anonymous , or with their close racist friends . 
  it 's not that easy to be openly racist here because everyone knows it 's wrong , and will tell you about it . 
  iirc dean was producing for winner on that sugarman , so im looking forward to it, 
  '' \uc54c\uaca0\uc5b4 '' sounds sort of like `` i guess so '' . 
  so you could be using a set bonus from something else as well , which would remove the bonus from lon , or you could 've been using a setup before that was giving more than 300 % bonus damage , i think usually you 'd want like 8-10 ancient items before switching to lon from a normal 6set .
