  he did , but was rolled back afaik, 
  the whole try to die thing is something i think i 'll skip, 
  hahaha this is golden, 
  wrong , the offended girl would never use a desktop computer . 
  she 'll have a macbook for sure, 
  is that a misspelled definitely or do you actually mean that galatasaray will win the game in a rebellious way ? 
  it looks like they have tiny shirts and really big pants, 
  take a look at hc builds for an idea of how to spec defensively but still do damage , 1200 life will not get you anywhere, 
  i entered warehouses normal on my life stacking witch , went around a corner into a warehouse , and got one shot by a yellow mob with flicker strike . 
  i sighed , said bullshit , hit alt f4 and since then i have never touched that zone again . 
  not supposed to stack life on witch ? 
  how are you getting anywhere with witches if you do n't go life ? 
  i actually had a unique drop on an alt only to die a couple of mobs later , that was my own fault though . 
  if you go ci in normal act3 , you 're going to die whenever something looks at you :p my plan on that character was to switch to ci when i had the gear and levels , and until then just take all life nodes that were close and easy to respec later . 
  i had about 800 life and 180 something energy shield when i got one shot ... stupid game , 
  yes that it 's exactly what happened , and i can understand if i 'd get one shot on a build that does n't stack life ... now that zone is just yet another zone that i skip because of random one shots , no point going there at all , just unnecessary risks . 
  you need to read up on defenses in this game buddy, 
  even more health !, 
  if you cant see him before he 's up your ass its random . 
  those buildings doesnt show the inside until you 've entered them . 
  remove flicker strike and it 's fine , but to be fine in those areas you have to quicksilver and scout the entire building before you kill anything . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it does n't matter to me how you most effectivly deal with them , i 'm skipping them completely . 
  i died to it once , i wo n't do it again , and i 'll do it my way ~, 
  if you 're using a physical build you can take the phys dmg , otherwise go stats , 4 % is nothing . 
  do you have anything to lose ? 
  worst case scenario you 're back in default again , 
  that is the starting point , blue items usually come named in that way , but rares comes with so many prefixes and suffixes that they do n't show on the name of the rare , but the stats are there . 
  the sheets that lists these can be used to figure out which prefixes and suffixes an item has . 
  it would be silly to name the rares after all their fixes :p, 
  he 's following dominions guide , which does exactly that already, 
  yeah i 've given up on those long and difficult passwords , it seems brute force hacking will get to you anyways if they try , just might take a day longer if you 're lucky . 
  wonder if ggg could make a smartphone authenticator like the one blizz uses . 
  which suggests its random keyloggers as usual, 
  i 'm not even remotely secure about my accounts , and i 've never been hacked whatsoever, 
  cats that big would slaughter people all day long, 
  hold the line !, 
  d3 can more easily fix balance between melee and ranged because the spells are locked in classes , the problem with poe is that it 's tricky to buff melee without having ranged benefit from it as well, 
  in most games with fast progression it 's bad to improve your gear early , logically , since you 'll replace it soon anyways, 
  yes , it works with weapons , armour , flasks and even gems , although a 20 % gem is worth a lot more than one gcp, 
  build , not class . 
  class has very little relevance as it 's just as starting point, 
  he would die, 
  es nodes are located in the upper part of the tree , just like evasion is the right and armour is the left , life is everywhere because you need life no matter which defenses you use . 
  ci is a different story , but it 's located close to the es nodes , and since es on gear is higher than life on gear , building ci late game can be very viable . 
  dominion , a top 10 hc player uses ci to great effect . 
  in fact you can get up to 230 % effect on es easily if you spec properly , and most life builds get around 200-300 % life effect . 
  i dare say you can reach way higher numbers with es . 
  you can just join for an easy kill , go on to grind more effectively , and go back to solo it for the gear . 
  my gear is great , and i have n't solo 'd a boss since vaal normal . 
  grinding gets you gear as well . 
  what is this unique build then , might i ask ? 
  creative builds that works are tons of fun, 
  pretty sure you can make middle mouse be bound to no spell ? 
  does he still walk around ? 
  ca n't you just rebind your ptt key ? 
  i do n't think the % of life regen works with ci anyways , right ? 
  unless it becomes % of es , which i doubt . 
  to me it seems like zealot 's oath is better if you go both life and es or something . 
  that talent just seems awkward , i dunno . 
  alright so i just checked , if you bind middle mouse in poe to the cross ; `` clear this slot '' , your character does not move while it 's clicked . 
  only downside with this is that while the middle mouse is held down , you can not use your left - and right-click spells . 
  keyboard spells , even if bound to `` move only '' works fine . 
  it 's an old build , it 's not nearly as strong anymore . 
  it could work though , but i 'd wait for the new claw aoe, 
  that guy with the thumbs up and high five ... 
  i could never imagine what it 's like having someone so close to you be like that towards you for such a difficult transition ... you 're awesome , no matter what they say . 
  building with no clue where you 're going ... 
  i hope rerolling is your thing , 
  hey i 'll take it, 
  the only time you should craft for more sockets and/or more links is if you have a crazy good item , like a unique with good rolls , that you 'll use for the rest of the game , pretty much . 
  you can save loads of currency by just buying a better item otherwise . 
  i totally have a crush in him ( her ? ), 
  upvote because exquisite, 
  i imagine she 's an art student . 
  good at drawing and makes pizzas for a living . 
  art students can be cute !, 
  rare spawns with increased movement speed in pyramids is your error ? 
  i would advise not to use it to automate in game things as that is considered unfair advantage due to 3rd party software and is banable . 
  melee is bad . 
  those marauders are not melee . 
  i 'd bet on ek , la or maybe freezing pulse . 
  the only difference is that some games have done a better job at making it less noticeable and less of a problem , by making things less exact , at least poe is honest . 
  it could 've been to your own errors a minute later instead . 
  if a desync death or two makes you lose that much interest perhaps hc is n't your optimal league . 
  a death results in the same thing regardless of what causes it , sure it feels bad to die because of lag , a dc , or a desync . 
  but you need to get used to dying , see it as an opportunity to increase the effectiveness of your game . 
  it seems to me like you see hc as a much more permanent league than it really is . 
  you ca n't really get that attached to a character in hc , most of them will eventually die , especially when you 're making your own build . 
  it can take a few characters just to get a remotely stable high level build , only to get smashed when you start with maps . 
  this . 
  d3 was just a much less exact game , thus hiding the desyncs by giving the game more room for differences between the server and you . 
  and still rubberbanding was a big issue . 
  d3 had loads of desyncs as well , they just dumbed it down so nothing required things to be exact . 
  d3 was all about visuals and smoothness , when poe is more content . 
  rubberband deaths was a big problem in d3 for a while btw . 
  at least if you 're using clarity . 
  this game adds insult to injury by letting you continue in sc because you could n't handle it in hc , it 's like those games that offer to lower difficulty when you die to much on the same map . 
  there barely anyone that continues on their failed characters though . 
  hc is still hc,
