  swedish learners , at least in korea , are almost only girls . 
  im a swede learning korean in korea , so i have no male friends . 
  oh you are learning swedish ? 
  i see you around in r/korean all the time , really appreciate your posts over there btw , but i had no idea you had interest in swedish . 
  may i ask why you chose swedish ? 
  it was never an excuse , just an explanation . 
  i 'm sure you know what i 'm referring to . 
  racism is racism , sure , but it plays out differently in different parts of the world . 
  if you are in korea you should have noticed this . 
  i will play from korea , rip me, 
  sick moves dude, 
  the manga is way better , still gets worse towards the end , but handles it better than the anime . 
  although tbh the only anime ive seen that is good enough to watch are the ghibli movies . . 
  4chan has always just had the extremes , both the bad and good ones . 
  the bad ones just got more publicity . 
  they were wholesome way before wholesomememes became a thing, 
  language is on a fundamental level a spoken thing , written language is essentially a translation of the spoken language , and a later construct . 
  each symbol represents something from the spoken language , but not 1:1 . 
  even if you might not lose anything from leaving the speaking until later , all parts of language learning goes hand in hand , and i do n't see the benefit of learning a language partially . 
  it all depends on how long you want to wait though . 
  got interested in the culture through kpop and esports , decided to take a semester of korean language in uni because i was getting a bit sick of my at the time major . 
  ended up getting really invested in the language , and before i knew it i had studied for 2 years , made tons of korean friends through exchange to my home uni , and got a scholarship for a year in korea . 
  halfway through that exchange year now , not thinking of stopping anytime soon . 
  we 'll see how much of a career this will mean , otherwise i 'd fall back on my previously started major . 
  swedish education is very forgiving ( and free ) . 
  about the other languages , i have learned other languages before , that would be considered more `` useful '' ( spanish , german , chinese ) to a conversational level , but due to lack of personal interest i have put them aside for now . 
  what i find strange is that there is quite an interest for learning swedish in korea . 
  swedish is a tiny language , even compared to korean . 
  people are interested in our wellfare and generally high standard of living , so i get the initial interest , but since we all speak english in sweden i would personally not recommend learning swedish at all , unless you have definite plans to live in sweden for a considerate amount of time . 
  at least not as your main education , if you are learning it for fun on your own time then by all means go ahead . 
  korea is the # 1 esports nation for a reason !, 
  i live in korea , and sadly no server is close enough for lockstep ... hc is bullshit with high ping and desyncs, 
  it 's not popular here at all , so it 's understandable, 
  it 's all a matter of popularity . 
  sc2 is not popular here in korea anymore . 
  lol and overwatch is taking 60 % of the market atm , so naturally those games will have a strong esports scene . 
  if it would have been dota2 and csgo then those would be the korean speciality . 
  the thing korea does great is the esports aspect of it all . 
  if for honor would be a top 5 game here we 'd see korean domination here as well . 
  i would say use standard romanization , introduce yourself clearly and have people do their best . 
  if people were more used to korean names it would n't be as much of a problem . 
  and he clears it crazy fast as well because of howa + aurabot . 
  if he dies he would n't even notice it happening because of how fast everything is, 
  she is way cuter than the rabbit there, 
  fuktiga , because plural, 
  `` chinese translation '' i mean lmaoo, 
  that 's interesting , in sweden , at least at the schools i attended , literature completely took over the swedish lessons quite early , and the english lessons followed a few years later . 
  my grandparents from northern sweden uses this structure all the time , and my dad who lived in sthlm all his life uses it every now and then as a result . 
  if you find that no one is `` good enough '' to talk to , you might need to learn how to appreciate the simpler things in life . 
  people are people , everyone has their different interests , but if we only talk to people who are just like ourselves , we end up lonely . 
  you do n't have to spend time with idiots , but there is usually a middle ground subject where you both can talk with some kind of relevance . 
  when you meet new people , try to find your way there , asking about hobbies/guilty pleasures/etc is sometimes enough , but sometimes you got ta dig deeper . 
  jehong is an absolute treat to watch, 
  this is all you need really, 
  korea is still generally quite conservative , at least publicly . 
  pornography in general is illegal in korea , `` legal porn sites '' are loopholes essentially . 
  the show had it 's issues , but it was really sweet, 
  well i liked it in the second season , as it had way better chemistry between the roommates . 
  watched it form the first one as i liked the concept . 
  but it did feel like the roommates ( and probably the producers as well ) did n't really get the format . 
  on a bigger scale , the issue was popularity . 
  people simply did n't care about the show , so it never really stabilized . 
  perhaps it would have became a popular show if the roommates , producers , and viewers got more used to the format . 
  who knows . 
  but they 're all illegal in korea, 
  well , it 's illegal but it really is n't stopping anyone, 
  if i were him id be worrying about ubi and the future state of the game due to connection and balance stuff, 
  174 is 5.7 feet , but 5 ' 8.5 '' actually . 
  there is 12 inch in 1 feet , if it were 10 , 5 ' 7 would be correct, 
  hmmm . 
  can you define `` average language '' and specify why finnish is not one of them ? 
  if it seems hard , remember that the best way to approach learning something hard is to start learning . 
  i play a lot of path of exile , and some weapon sounds are a bit rough , so i usually play without sounds in that gane , in dota everything just sounds so satisfying . 
  nothing feels out of place really . 
  best koreans should be on one of the sides , depending on who you ask, 
  you should play a mongolian warlord in a movie, 
  \uc678\uad6d\uc778 is used meaning anyone not from korea , and its not negative at all on its own, 
  sweden also looks a lot like that city where ulfric is ( forgot the name ... ), 
  source : am swede, 
  i found this a while back , havent tried it yet though , might be of interest . 
  black people getting excited is the best, 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
  i quite like it as well . 
  it was * moderate * to * unhealthy for sensitive groups * yesterday , as well as today , in both fine and coarse particles . 
  some parts of seoul reached * unhealthy * . 
  there is really no case for alarm at those levels , might not want to do too much outdoor physical activities , but generally nothing to worry about . 
  he did n't , he just laughed about it, 
  i study korean at a korean university , and 90 % of my classmates are chinese , and one tip i can give to someone speaking chinese is that you might need to give some extra attention to the \ubc1b\uce68 ( batchim ) , the final consonant in each syllable . 
  chinese speakers tend to skip those , which makes it very difficult to understand them at times , even when they are quite advanced korean speakers otherwise . 
  ( for example \ube44\ube54\ubc25 often becomes something like [ \ube44\ube44\ubc14 ] ), 
  and free university , the government even pays us monthly if we study 75 % + of full time , how horrible is that , right ? 
  memes sure has progressed a lot since then, 
  best fried chicken is the other kfc , korean fried chicken . 
  same for korean , you only ask if they are ok if it seems like they are sick , not if they sneeze . 
  in swedish most people would say prosit in normal situations , among close friends many people would just tell you to shut up though, 
  native english speakers usually do n't have experience speaking a foreign language , apart from like a semester of spanish/french in highschool . 
  do n't worry about them , you should laugh at them for being monolingual , if anything !, 
  they need to add greater rifts, 
  the first semester i studied korean one of my classmates asked what koreans say to people who sneeze , my teacher answered that they just look at you with disgust . 
  my teacher said she heard myeongdong was empty as well .
