  it 's using the offhand , attack speed , and stricken to get insane single target dps . 
  the archer is just for attack speed . 
  the video in that post explains what does damage at around 5 minutes in . 
  you 're right , you can tell from the command skeleton skill bonus damage , enforcer and taskertheo as well . 
  would n't use those if it was a primary skill dps build . 
  korea needs separate publisher or a korea branch of ggg to open servers, 
  koreans love d3 , poe would work here , but no server , no language option , and publisher laws = no poe in korea . 
  go look at the sidebar in r/korean, 
  japan is big on console games , korea is big on pc games ( rts , moba , mmo , arpg , fps are all huge genres here . ), 
  i dont see what sony and nintendo has to do with poe , unless you talk about the console version . 
  i also dont see what foreigners has to do with this , although there are lots of foreigners in korea learning korean because of kpop/kdrama . 
  i would argue that for just about any pc game , korea is a far better market than japan , if language and publishing can be resolved . 
  no , - \uc774\uc5d0\uc694 and - \uc608\uc694 are the correct spellings . 
  umm , i have no idea why it would do that , n-\uc774\ub2e4 conjugates \uc0ac\ub78c\uc774\uc5d0\uc694 . 
  can you see what word suggests you to write instead ? 
  they have 3 russian observers as well , not sure if the english streams are using them , but there are observers to cover everything at least . 
  chinese stream does n't have their own dedicated observers though so unless they do casting and observing at the same time i 'd assume that the observers are working together for all streams . 
  they can tell . 
  well , swedish and norwegian are close enough to be considered dialects, 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  current crusader seasonal top clear is 102 ( on diablorank ) . 
  110 on non-season . 
  and barbs are the worst solo class by far . 
  barbs are relevant in 4man though , crusaders are not . 
  pretty sure day9 vods are sub only though ? 
  pat metheny - to the end of the world, 
  wouldnt surprise me if an orgasm was the actual inspiration , at least for the ending . 
  traditional chinese characters is the only script that i still feel look awesome even after learning it . 
  other scripts have all went from `` seeing '' the script to `` seeing '' the meaning of the words . 
  much like how it gets hard to tell how a language sounds when you instantly just think about what was being said instead . 
  i absolutely love writing korean though . 
  hangul is so convenient . 
  dude just own it that was great, 
  scientists baffled, 
  big city , questionable sewage system , warm weather = smell, 
  blitz not even invited originally , now he 's here and carries the panel and the casts . 
  what a guy . 
  in korea , cali was our best bet with 170 ~ ping ( depends on isp ) . 
  played slow moving builds without movement skills , still rubberbanded to different rooms and died all the time . 
  get qbittorrent instead , utorrent is shit, 
  etup, 
  criminality, 
  the 2gd ti hub , and the summit casts are the best ever . 
  the official casts are great and all , but pro players casually casting ( memeing around ) just feels more right . 
  ` det ' in this case is the object, 
  you can say, 
  you ca n't leave it out of the sentence . 
  japanese guy is n't playing anything . 
  that 's korean, 
  i spam salvaged legendaries that i didnt need for my build and accidentally salvaged my first primal . 
  didnt see the stats , only the border . 
  \u3150 and \u3154is the same sound / \u025b / in modern korean . 
  dont have to worry about it, 
  as srs with awful gear it was a breeze for me , is srs particularily good against kitava ? 
  or is it that gear dependant builds has trouble getting gear because there is no dried lake farm ? 
  i was worried it was gon na be hard due to what people were saying here , but i figured since im softcore i might as well give it a try when i reach it , and i did it deathless . 
  i remember reading that high sodium intake could be a cause for high blood pressure , is that something that is brought up in blood pressure related issues normally ? 
  i 'm sure it was . 
  besides it would only have been suitable for some kind of sketchy lon build anyways so i do n't see it as a big loss at all really . 
  i have taken a bunch of minion hp and skill duration so i had a pretty good amount of srs up for the most part during the fight . 
  i felt that the attacks were fairly simple to avoid once you got the patterns down . 
  instant life flask made the fight a lot more forgiving as well . 
  ikon , a gift that keeps on giving ... 
  easily solved by not trading kappa ssfbtw, 
  i get crashes pretty often in loading screens since 3.0, 
  nope , [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7c/02/d9/7c02d9ff78c0605b20d01eaf54f37743.jpg ) is the old one, 
  i thought only supp gem edwa affects the srs , and bis for rings are defensive stats and minion speed . 
  there are [ no cars on their highways ] ( https://imgur.com/tnzkgkd ) , there are [ no lights at night ] ( https://imgur.com/a/oyl3c ) , among other things . 
  we 've never seen their elevators working , but their track record is not good . 
  they might work fine , who knows , but there is definitely reason to assume that such `` comfort '' things are not prioritized . 
  i dont know whats going on but that song is lit, 
  i could see this being a thing in norway as well, 
  well , not exactly ,, 
  \u3131 is k in initial position , \u0261 in medial position and k\u031a in final position . 
  \u314b is k\u02b0 in initial and medial , and the same k\u031a in final . 
  which makes , for example \uace0\uae30 sound like kogi , rather than goki . 
  you 're right about \uac01 though . 
  it 's not a g sound in the end , unless followed by a vowel , lets say \uc544 , making it sound like [ \uac00\uac00 ] ( kaga ), 
  of course english and korean phonology never really goes 1:1 , but \u3131 in initial position is definitely more of a k than a g. 
  another thing to add is that younger generations tend to aspirate \u3131 in initial position , to the point where it almost becomes the same sound as \u314b . 
  edit : this is all ipa btw, 
  \u3131 in word initial position tend to be aspirated though , making it somewhere between k and k\u02b0 , would n't that make it seem like a k for english speakers in that case ? 
  well srs requires you to spam flesh offering ( and ball lightning if ee specced ) so in my build right now i 'm spamming 3 skills all the time . 
  same in korea . 
  go to pcbang at midnight and stay until it ends . 
  meet some friend for lunch then go to bed . 
  no regrets, 
  using rr is considered pretty much the `` real '' way for just about any word that is n't a name . 
  humans are very adaptable, 
  oh that 's too bad , where i live it 's very safe at night , and there are pcbangs everywhere . 
  my closest pcbang is just around the corner of my building , so i can walk there in 20 seconds . 
  there are usually not many people staying here during the night , but during ti when i spent most nights here at the pcbang , i noticed that there are actually more girls than boys here . 
  if you pay for 1 hour it 's about $ 1 but i can buy 24hours for $ 20 at the one i 'm at right now . 
  there is also great hardware , great peripherals , ( only one screen sadly , it 's pretty big here though , and curved ! ), 
  and you can order ramyeon , fried rice , french fries , coffee , monster etc to your pc with just a click in a program . 
  i live in a university dorm , but i only sleep and shower there . 
  if i have nothing planned i much rather kill the time at the pcbang . 
  the chinese meme ambassador is making 10k mmr plays over there, 
  even for just reading and writing , duolingo lacks in depth . 
  if you really want to learn you need to use other material as well .
