  quiver is better than dw . 
  i would not recommend using a 2h xbow because it 's slow and it makes hatred gain slower . 
  i 'm currently in actii nightmare on lvl 45 and i got an amazing 1h xbow that crushes all 2h weps i 've found . 
  i 'd say go with 2h bow or 1h xbow depending on what you loot/buy . 
  although you can rune the bomb shots to restore discipline , right ? 
  yes , this is crazy good . 
  [ what i 'm using ] ( http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/calculator/demon-hunter#azxdvq!aye!azzbya ), 
  doing the same thing , although still in nightmare . 
  spoke with another dh who was messing around in inferno and we use the same build . 
  as you progress further into inferno , dw will be better than a shield . 
  source : some inferno monks on reddit + forums . 
  dh got the smokescreen prep strat that is pretty darn cheesy, 
  i 've been getting tons of wizards in public games , a few wds and the occasional barbarian , never another dh or a monk . 
  it 's also because the shield block will be pretty much useless when enemies hit hard enough . 
  you alternate shots when dualwielding , but gain 15 % attack speed . 
  theoretically if you had two of the same xbows equipped , and then a quiver with nothing but 15 % attack speed , it should be completely equal . 
  at least from what i 've heard . 
  i do n't know the exact details , but my experience tells me quiver is pretty much always better than dw : /, 
  sooo , this would mean that a quiver with stats that give a total dps increase of more tha 15 % attack speed will always be better , and considering there are quivers that give 15 % plus a bunch of stats , quiver ftw, 
  more like the dps difference between the mh and oh . 
  the offhand he uses gives 2 % atk speed , together with the 15 % dual wield bonus , which is a lot more than the 10 % the quiver gives . 
  yes, 
  you can rune vault to not take discipline, 
  also , kung fu pandas dad . 
  should be 20 % of it affecting you as well , just like the magic find . 
  agree , scoundrel is fun , and shen is just awesone, 
  2hander can be equipped with a quiver , which is pretty much always better . 
  a dh should only use dualwield if they ca n't find a quiver or get an offhand that has the same dps as their mainhand and gives better stats than a quiver . 
  ca n't remember where i read it , but it 's been tested and confirmed multiple times , 
  never said that it would be , just saying that for some , read dh , 2handers are definitely so worth it , 
  saw a post with someone showing an item that rolled dex twice : /, 
  logical , same voice actor , 
  2 of my friends play wd and i usually go duo with either one of them . 
  i play dh with one of them and monk with the other , in both cases , i do much more dps than them , and they die a lot , so i need to ress them all the time . 
  i hope they 'll understand their class soon ... , 
  actually i believe it was that it had some stats always , and then it also had a random stat , and it could roll a stat it already had . 
  so you 're probably right . 
  * left to right , left to right . 
  because dual wielding is strange . 
  it does n't work as it do in wow for example . 
  you gain 15 % attack speed , sure that 's a dps increase . 
  but you alternate attacks . 
  so if you have a 100dps mh and a 1dps oh , every second attack will be strong and every second will be shit , so your dps will decrease . 
  i believe this is mostly the reason why your dps went up , because your previous offhand had so much less dps than your mainhand that it just dragged your dps down . 
  works just fine for me ... 
  edit : oh wait , i didnt read the post , just the title . 
  ignore please , 
  my friends ( 2 ) are wds , i 'm a dh . 
  i have ressed them sooooo many times ... :( perhaps they suck . 
  kungen was just the guildleader , raidleader and maintank of nihilum , later ensidia , the 2 most successful guilds in wow history . 
  does anyone know a good ( + entertaining/informative ) dh streamer ? 
  i seem to only find barbs and monks and the occasional wiz, 
  it 's only softcore and hardcore that has different characters, 
  as a dh with the crit chance increase from slow traps , if you stand on the trap your dps sheet shows an increase as well . 
  for us it 's pretty obvious that the crit chance is included , 
  i laughed so hard when that happened haha . 
  i 'm a bad person, 
  there is a save function ... 
  athene killed inferno butcher in 3 sec, 
  i had to do the first phase a few time until i managed to properly avoid the adds , after that the other phases went pretty smooth , tentacles melts belial completely, 
  pretty much the same as just clicking though , unless the mobs are running around you so that you would constantly attack instead of moving . 
  btw to those that did n't know you can hold down the mouse button to auto attack as well as autorun . 
  yes , but it was due to a bug that he was going to die , so imo that exploit was n't too bad, 
  because his stream is entertaining . 
  do you ever watch sports on tv ? 
  yeah i ca n't understand how anyone would watch sports on tv when they could just do the sport themselves !, 
  it 's totally the same thing !, 
  considering that diablo is supposed to do his little thing there , that kungen would 've survived , but instead killed him , it seems like a bug to me . 
  if not a bug then at least not working as intended . 
  i ca n't see how a guaranteed death just because of a phase switch can be intended, 
  oh so things have to be competitive to be entertaining to watch . 
  i see . 
  is n't it more like you can move your jail ? 
  like you can charge , but the jail debuff remains until its duration is over , so you can move once, 
  edit : phone wants to rebuff things rather than debuff i guess, 
  yeah totally legit, 
  could ~ ~ of ~ ~ have, 
  whenever my spelling/grammar gets corrected i just see it as a way to stop making that particular error . 
  i do n't really get how you would see it as a bad thing , unless done way too much , or if someone is obviously being a dick about it . 
  afaik nobody corrected that particular error , so i thought i 'd help him out . 
  i 'd rather have my errors corrected asap . 
  there are two different types of cultist rituals , one where three of them are stomping their staves at the ground , and the other where one is doing that , while three others are playing with fire around the one in the middle . 
  the ritual with fire becomes a champion always , the first never does . 
  yes that is the bug being fixed, 
  this dude called dirge playing on hc eu with kungen ( popular streamer ) dies a lot , has like 5 dead 60s or something, 
  monks should focus more on resist and some armor rather than vit , due to them having static heals rather than percentage based ones , as well as one with everything giving them amazing resist potential . 
  you should have vit of course , but not as much as a barb . 
  this link also briefly explains the current drops, 
  life on hit dude , shits awesome  your resists are fine which is the biggest problem in a2 . 
  dual wield is 15 % faster attacks , not twice as many . 
  oh and they alternate . 
  do n't dw . 
  aint even mad . 
  get some more hp , and life on hit is pretty much needed . 
  this is not the point , the point is he 's trying to dual wield , lol !, 
  seriously , never dual wield . 
  you gain 15 % attack speed , but you alternate attacks , so your weapons needs to have the same dps . 
  quivers usually gives stats as well , so you need a weapon with stats like the one op has , but with the same dps as your mainhand . 
  in this example , if the oh had those stats , but the same dps as the mh , it would give more dps than the quiver . 
  well thats just like your opinion man,
