  they do state their swedish source at the bottom . 
  can confirm , this shit happened . 
  it was , yes , but this is from around january-february so nothing is currently being covered . 
  reddit enhancement suite lets you vote anyways , pretty sure you can do it on mobile as well . 
  it really does n't change anything . 
  it 's been said many times why our statistics are a bit skewed . 
  it 's still a problem , do n't get me wrong , but not * as * bad as it seems , unrecorded cases is a ** big ** part of this . 
  but , short story : different things counts as rape in different countries , for example , long time ( like within family ) rape counts as 1 case in many countries , while in sweden ( among others i assume ) each instance of rape would count as an individual case . 
  also , people in different countries are more or less likely to report because of social stigma , belief in the law system , emotional support etc. 
  the fact that it 's illegal to record race , background , and religion is beyond me though , that 's the kinda bullshit anti racism that leads to nazism . 
  such a great system we got over here , huh . 
  never claimed that to be different from america , but legal definitions vary too much to make as broad comparisons as the article does ( which is a very sketchy article to begin with ) . 
  we do n't record race or ethnic/religious background in our statistics , and some countries do n't count each case of rape individually . 
  we 've had higher statistics that other ( comparable ) parts of europe even before this immigration wave . 
  however , research claims that immigrants in sweden are 5 times more likely to commit sexual assaults , which obviously makes things worse , and it does n't look like that 's gon na change for a while . 
  still , the biggest reason is unrecorded cases . 
  it 's estimated ( a few years ago ) that only about 20 % of cases which would be labeled as `` rape '' are reported in sweden , while in the uk it was as low as 5-10 % . 
  i 've seen estimations from the usa that show reported cases to be as low as 10-15 % there , but there is also different definitions of rape between these countries , so the comparison does n't necessarily tell us much . 
  quin had things to do with the early meta , especially groups , but the chinese made the op static charge shit that dominated the rest of the ladder afterwards . 
  now quin might have had something to do with it becoming more well known in the west at first , but it was only a matter of time before people found out about it from the chinese leaderboards , and as soon as someone does a rank1 with the build it would be all over the west as well . 
  the definition of rape was changed in 2005 which partly explains this sharp increase . 
  it has been estimated that the number of victims has been largely unchanged up until 2013 , and then a decrease in 2014 , which makes it hard to analyze . 
  im still waiting for newer research that would take the recent immigtation wave into consideration , if anything could have an inpact that would be it , and those numbers would be very important to see in order to get rid of speculations that may ot may not be correct . 
  but yes . 
  it is alarming nonetheless . 
  and there is a / r/japanesestreetwear sub as well, 
  playing with steam in korean used to put juggernaut on default because letters are sorted differently . 
  i had to manually go to abaddon asap ( or whatever hero i wanted ) so my team would n't think i was gon na go jugg . 
  these gender neutral schools/daycares are veeery uncommon still ( thank god ) . 
  we got some tumblr deluxe bullshit going on but generally speaking we 're still same old sweden . 
  right now it 's basically just something that people might have heard of , thus no revolt . 
  edit : read the article again , seems like it was at a normal school ? 
  ca n't find a swedish source so ca n't confirm . 
  so yes , we got whole schools doing this kinda bullshit , but it seems like it 's spreading to normal schools now ... 
  get / r/streetwear in on this and there will be a bunch of dudes as well, 
  too much puff on upper thighs . 
  drawing looks fine , as it looks like it 's only puffed below that part . 
  [ jimmie \u00c5kesson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmie_%c3%85kesson ), 
  so kamil on eu has done gr100 on a dh now . 
  rank1 world era5/s5 . 
  that would be a \u3145, 
  my personal reasoning why i do n't play hc ( not top player so competition does n't matter ) is mainly the playstyle . 
  i like to play risky and doing that in hc will kill you . 
  also , compared to poe , where i prefer hc , if you die here you will literally just have to redo what you have done . 
  in diablo you can spec whenever you want , however you want , so the only thing that separates an old character from a new one is the gear . 
  in poe you can gather gear for another spec that you want to try , and if you die you reroll for that spec and start configuring the gear you 've farmed . 
  in diablo i can go whatever spec i want , whenever i want , and there is usually a single best spec that i will play . 
  they only real thing would be if i wanted to swap classes , but the loot system makes that shitty , as i wo n't really get loot for the other classes . 
  another thing is the caldsrarans shit whatever the name is . 
  you 're just adding more time into your gear . 
  farming for paragons is something you keep , farming gear , you can keep pieces that are still pretty good but not the best , farming lgems to upgrade your gear will only matter for the current character . 
  another thing with poe is that they do n't have the gr system . 
  in poe i want to try fun builds at higher levels , which is a pretty lame endgame , tbh . 
  in d3 i want to reach higher and higher grs , dying in hc with upgraded ancients will just put me back several steps , which will have me invest a lot of extra time just to get back to where i was . 
  i do n't play this game for the adrenaline fear of death , i play to push higher solo grs . 
  hc just does n't fit my goal in this game . 
  if i had more time to invest in the game i might 've wanted to play hc instead , but right now i 'm just a casual player , playing a bit every now and then , and i could never reach higher grs playing hc . 
  we have great welfare and tuition free university in sweden , paid by taxes , works fine . 
  taxes can be used for good things . 
  corrupt liars though , i ca n't find much use for them . 
  this is how it looks in some cases when a program doesnt display unicode and theres a bunch of chinese or korean , but im not sure if thats the case here ... 
  chinese , and sort of , i guess . 
  top performing setup ( solo ! ), 
  is lon bombardement . 
  using the ring set that gives you damage from having ancient items then bombarding shit . 
  a bit tricky to gear for , but many guides available . 
  for group play you are probably better off playing support barbarian to be able to share loot with your crusader . 
  he said he 's only playing diablo for money these days so it 's understandable, 
  i do n't think it 's that inportant to worry about bad habits when you are this new . 
  you 'll find the right tracks soon enough . 
  you will do a lot of mistakes early on , which will help you improve . 
  it 's better to say/write something wrong than nothing at all . 
  i was at an adidas store and there was a bunch of older people checking out ultraboosts , they had asked for shoes that were comfortable to walk in and got them recommended . 
  i want to play all classes at once but only certain setups . 
  but that makes gem upgrading and bs/cube prios kinda hard . 
  decided to skip barb and wiz this season , still not sure if i want to play wd , the zoo build is pretty cool in theory but im not sure if its actually fun to play . 
  gon na play dh when i get the proper pieces for the lon gear from my monk main . 
  lonbomb crusader is actually really fun , and has so much potential that im playing it a lot again this season . 
  but we 'll see , the seasons are long so i might get around to playing the other classes as well . 
  tried lon bombardement ? 
  by far the strongest build crusaders have . 
  at the moment its the second strongest solo build in the game , a grift or two behind firebird wiz . 
  innas gen and raimnent gen both did 90 + on the ptr . 
  monks have a lot of viable options this season and its still far from decided which setup will be the best . 
  happened to me as well , i just wanted to tp away so i had to use akkarat , strange things can happen if you one shot certain mobs though . 
  might be why . 
  if not for the blue part this would be something for r/nocontext, 
  a lot of guys love cuddles even more than you do . 
  the one that will reach the highest gr is gon na be wiz . 
  most consistent high gr clear for solo xp farm should be wiz or maybe wd ? 
  pet builds should ' t be too reliant on mob types but i could be wrong . 
  fastest tx farm for keys would be wiz . 
  about barb , they 're ok . top spec is charging around all day , and i think it 's also top tx farm spec . 
  requires a bit of fishing for higher grs i 've heard , so i would n't play barb solo this season , but everyone should do what they want . 
  but , i 'm playing monk in group and crusader in solo this season because those are the two most fun classes right now imo so you might not agree with any of what i just said !, 
  i 've heard this many times in cases like this from south koreans . 
  basically just using the native korean numbers for people like usual and then adding the sino korean numbers to reach higher than 99 . 
  find a group of friends to play with . 
  randoms will only want the meta setup and there 's no crusader in the group meta at this moment . 
  especially high grs , you need to be pretty good with positioning to survive , while still being close enough for your bombs and vacuum to hit , as well as managing cooldowns and coe .
