  but , i get what you mean , and one way to see it is that it 's more of a ch in word-initial position , and more j in the middle of a word . 
  \u3142 is similarily more p in word-initial position , and more b in the middle of a word . 
  i started going with a friend , which was great as i had no idea what i was doing , but eventually started going on my own and i prefer it that way . 
  indian flag ? 
  us flag in europe ? 
  dude what, 
  og getting sniped so hard , likely one of the most analyzed team in this ti . 
  sumail mid aa/oracle or whatever it was = hiding strats ? 
  it could be added , but normally \ub300\ud55c\ubbfc\uad6d chant is usually something like daeee-hanminguk-clapclap-clapclapclap , and then repeated . 
  the fighting one would be like a short ` go korea ! '', 
  instead . 
  in some places that specialize in one or two dishes , they can serve you like right when you sit down , if its decently crowded they just keep making it and cut down on the waiting times to serve more customers, 
  overwatch gets all the hype these days, 
  not redundant , its just a different chant, 
  if you roll a dice a few times and you get sixes every time you win because of luck , if you roll a hundred times you are likely to have about as much of every result . 
  when you play a hero that has rng elements , you cant win by just being lucky . 
  if you keep winning games and are close to top4 in ti then its due to playing well and not good luck . 
  some spells are always doing what you want right ? 
  rng sometimes makes you do nothing at all , and could lose you an easy kill just like it could give you one . 
  perhaps the issue here is calling it sea when it should be just asia ( - china ), 
  6 in chinese is li\u00f9 , which became \ub959 , and later \uc721 when the initial \u3139 was dropped , and because of that we get funky things like \uc2ed\uc721 being pronunced \uc2ec\ub275 . 
  all according to my teacher at least !, 
  that asian girl is a hooker or trying to scam him . 
  neckbeards are the easiest prey i imagine, 
  refreshing !, 
  mvp is sponsored by hot6 , an energy drink in korea, 
  overwatch is still the most popular game at many pcbangs , its not nearly dying yet , but neither is lol, 
  boy groups are a bit hit and miss for me , exo has done some real good stuff since \uc73c\ub974\ub801 , and the occasional big bang song gets a spot on my playlist , but in general i do n't really like the dance pop stuff as much anymore . 
  i 'm in korea , i 'm well aware . 
  but if someone random walks up to me ( right away at the airport ? 
  if it 's at night at a bar or club , it 's a different story ) and says ` hey handsome ' i would be very careful . 
  there are many scams going around in korea with people inviting you to sketchy churches or expensive teahouses juat because you are a white , easy target . 
  were predicting that wings stops dc, 
  maybe ? 
  dont remember ) , which isnt very tall , definitely not in sweden , and it bothers me a bit , it has become a bit of a complex . 
  im ok dating girls who are shorter than me , but a taller girl would make my complex worse ... i dont want to be locked in this mentality but it kinda reinforces itself with feedback from surroundings and whatnot . 
  i can definitely understand why he feels that way if all he cares about is being taller than the girl , but the girls dont just want taller than them , they want quite a bit taller , so he thinks its unfair . 
  the struggles of being insecure , haha, 
  this is what she posted, 
  yeah she fucked up big time . 
  can she play the ignorant foreigner card when she is this established ? 
  and at what mmr ? 
  if you compare the changes in the blizz ui from vanilla to now , many , if not most of the things we have now started off as addons back in the days . 
  also , english has had a lot of influences from other languages ( mainly scandinavian back in the days ; and french ) as well as being used in many parts of the world , and due to this it has become more simple , and more effective , to ease communication between all users of the language . 
  you can still find great complexity and that shit if you dig a bit in classical british literature though . 
  interestingly enough we can sort of see the depth of other languages even though we 're just simply translating into perfectly usable english . 
  eleanor rigby - aretha franklin, 
  if you 're into the motown style this cover is amazing . 
  i asked my dog . 
  yes . 
  the other two means to have a surplus, 
  as another scandinavian , in seoul atm , i 'm pancake . 
  daegu is usually worse than seoul so good luck . 
  embrace the ac and the ice americano . 
  pls no, 
  i 'm lazy as fuck but i go to the gym . 
  3 times a week , no cheating , and you 're good . 
  the hardest part is actually just going there . 
  in korea you 'd do it by yourself by default , asking would seem pretty normal to me , assuming they know what the norm is in korea . 
  well she really should 've seen it coming . 
  it was careless , and given how koreans have reacted to other celebrity mistakes she should 've been more careful . 
  she 's a celebrity who relies on the support of these people , so it is very relevant in this situation . 
  face gains bro, 
  so the thing is , duolingo is not a complete language learning tool . 
  many people go through the whole course and feel confident about it until they actually need to use the language and realize that they only know a tiny bit . 
  duolingo is great as a tool . 
  it makes language learning fun and easy to get invested in , but it is by no means complete . 
  in my opinion the best way to learn is standard textbook combined with many native speaker practice partners . 
  you could learn with duolingo + practice partners to a certain level , and doing that would really help you remeber what you learned , but eventually you will need focused grammar and vocab studies as well . 
  when you are using a language in a conversation you are forced to remember things in real time . 
  in duolingo you have too much time to think . 
  language is primarily speaking and listening . 
  reading and writing is essentially a translation from sound to script , and because of this you should focus more on speaking and listening . 
  this is a problem that east asian countries have with english . 
  many people there can score 100 % on written tests but ca n't hold a simple conversation . 
  so in conclusion , force yourself to use the language practically . 
  learn by using . 
  sorry if this is fragmented as fuck btw , i 'm on mobile . 
  one thing i feel brings proffessionalism is calling people by their names instead of their screennames . 
  it feels kinda strange to have people in suits calling each other by the screennames they made in their early teens . 
  you forgot masturbawoman, 
  it 's pretty honest though . 
  afaik hes really tall, 
  if you wan na get big it wont do shit , but going from nothing to actually doing something is a huge step in the right direction , visible or not, 
  mp was 1/2 swapping safe/mid with qo . 
  forev was off, 
  well i would argue that starting something simple like pushups every day could be a stepping stone to actually taking care of yourself . 
  on its own it wont do shit , but people might start to look for more bodyweight things to do as well , and you can get quite far with proper bodyweight stuff . 
  yeah mainland china simplified theirs , taiwan also uses mandarin but traditional , japanese has mostly traditional , i thnk , but i 've seen them use certain simplified ones as well . 
  dota 2 . 
  not an indie game like many other suggestions here , but a free to play game with optional paid cosmetic items . 
  steep learning curve , but virtually endless depth , good competitive scene with huge tournaments . 
  apple workers jumped from the factory roof instead . 
  the samsung people still wants to live . 
  moral of this story is that you should n't be poor, 
  too big to fail , if samsung crashes they will drag south korea down with them . 
  the government is hostage to the chaebols . 
  everything we use daily is in some way at the expense of someones health . 
  clothes , electronics , cars , coffee , food , etc. 
  you 'd think the human race is past the ` kill or be killed ' shit by now but nope,
