  congrats to bayern though , they played great . 
  '' ... are blond '' ftfy . 
  you can only see the back of her head , come on ... 
  and so is jon snow !, 
  there was someone who messaged valve asking to bump his mmr up because he felt the system placed him wrong , valve said ok , let 's try . 
  a month or two later he was back in the same place . 
  well , the bts studio thought it was lots of fun to talk about things like `` loda throws '' and betting on his death count . 
  i do n't really think they did it to be mean , but it felt like they overdid it a little . 
  mentioning it once is fine , but for the first couple games a played they mentioned it every time . 
  fire and rice, 
  i support the protesters , because , you know , they 're topless, 
  that girl is just as cute as the puppy !, 
  there was this other gif where a deer of some sort did something similar . 
  the deer did it way more badass, 
  found it, 
  simply ? 
  with a little preparation , sure , and it 's awesome !, 
  wrong . 
  people are brave to watch got in groups . 
  the difference between the mixolydian scale and the dorian is the 3rd , which indicates major/minor . 
  b mixolydian has d # and b dorian has d , the rest is the same in both scales . 
  well , i 'm not sure what you 're asking for , but yes , the b in e minor would be a `` phrygian '' chord ( bm7b9 ) when you harmonize it . 
  how do you know ? 
  loda also said that he thinks the game is very random since the patch , could mess up their playstyle . 
  got ta love the first eyebrow raise , it 's like he does n't even try to hide it . 
  way to go naniwa !, 
  i really do not agree with ever calling any musician the `` greatest '' . 
  music is not a competition and there is no way to ever compare two musicians in a fair way . 
  that being said , mr evans sure was amazing . 
  where is doto ? 
  a very very good movie . 
  in game of thrones ? 
  m7b9 is the more common spelling , yeah, 
  hype, 
  it looks too good to be true tbh ... 
  i 'm not too updated with the games ( gen2 only ) , but rattata , hands down, 
  she 's acting a girl that acts !, 
  fuck controllers man, 
  that 's a warning signal , not a photo signal ... 
  the one with the cat under the ear is really cute , 
  yeah for sure !, 
  look at ops name dude, 
  that 's just not correct . 
  people get tattoos with the really old nintendo stuff , or tetris or whatever . 
  if you 've played dota for the majority of your youth it probably has some meaning to you , and thus will not undoubtedly regret it . 
  i feel that as a grown person in a professional world , people like the op will respect it . 
  i think that grown people who wo n't respect that tattoo wo n't respect any tattoo at all . 
  have another one of her http://i.imgur.com/xroeo.jpg, 
  room 335 - larry carlton, 
  no , saddest is that it 's only on ps3, 
  visage has a decent last hit spell, 
  my contact broke so i could only charge it , and not change the music . 
  is it contact ? 
  the part where you insert the cord ? 
  no clue what doma is , i 'm not even gay , but i 'll join in !, 
  that 's great !, 
  obviously . 
  and bulldog is support, 
  great song , grew up with this music . 
  favourites of mine are `` cigarett '' , `` semester '' and `` en j\u00e4vel i mitt \u00f6ra '' . 
  brings back memories !, 
  do n't forget [ angelo debarre ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbkzbesqiwy ), 
  which one is you and how old are you guys ? 
  happen to know where this is from ? 
  who said white people ca n't dance ? 
  [ the modern jazz quartet - softly as in a morning sunrise ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crcxefhclja ), 
  yeah , i found a couple of images with the same quotes but with all kinds of different people , the point is clear nevertheless . 
  you should see him do speed typing . 
  he 's insane, 
  mr. p.c from giant steps, 
  generally i 'd say any of the following but if you could hint what kinda music you like that is n't jazz , we could probably give some more specific tips . 
  kind of blue - miles davis, 
  a love supreme or giant steps - john coltrane, 
  i 'm not really updated on how spotify works outside of sweden , but here you can download playlists to your phone so you can play them in offline mode so you wont have to use roaming . 
  it 's only the expensive version that allows this though , but the cheaper one does n't allow phone devices at all anyways , it 's just for computers . 
  personally i would still buy spotify if it costed twice as much . 
  instead of finding sketchy downloads or buying expensive cds you just enter the song name and hit play , it 's extremely convenient . 
  i used to prefer downloading rather than buying cds as it was easier and more comfortable , but nowadays i get really pissed of whenever there 's an album that is n't on spotify for whatever reason , and i have to go through all the trouble of downloading it ... 
  you 'd be surprised ... 
  let 's have a joint funeral, 
  you just stand next to your trainer and hit `` i '' after each instance until you 're 90 , and then you continue . 
  do you even need to train spells nowadays ? 
  i know you do n't need to spec anymore ... 
  nailed it, 
  could be a typo , possibly [ malcolm vaughan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malcolm_vaughan ) ? 
  and gotze, 
  if only g\u00f6tze would feel the same ... 
  i guess i 'm a hipster for saying this , but i like their albums before the resistance , the recent is n't my bag of tea, 
  dancing can be a workout , why not ? 
  uprising and unnatural selection are decent i guess , but i would never include them on a best of, 
  checks out . 
  damn, 
  the guy who played the famous canon rock video a while ago playing the same song . 
  [ lars gullin - danny 's dream ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqtbvyfehjy ), 
  hey hey hey, 
  you could try playing 3rds and 7ths on your left hand , as the root gets in the way with a bassist . 
  `` unit 7 '' is crazy good as well . 
  the solo on `` if you could see me now '' is also really nice, 
  i was thinking of marco reus from german footall team dortmund , he thought i meant bill kaulitz from tokio hotel ... 
  kept going , he guessed right , but was n't very updated , said reus played in his old team .
