  bring doenjangjjigae next time . 
  snack on seafood chips or dried seaweed . 
  got ta fight for your right to eat decent food . 
  srs, 
  no , lon builds are not that hard to gear for . 
  it takes a while to get the optimal setup , but they usually perform well with a few core items and the rest just decent ancients + a couple non ancients even . 
  i used to follow along with hangul lyrics when listening to music , and i think it helped a bit with regards to speed . 
  most places should have pork belly , are you sure you looked properly ? 
  may i ask how big the language barrier is ? 
  can you read hangul ? 
  samgyeopsal and dwaeji kalbi are really common pork meats and just about every place will have samgyeopsal at least , and often there will be signs outside telling you their price for it as well . 
  if you need them in hangul they 'd be \uc0bc\uacb9\uc0b4 and \ub3fc\uc9c0\uac08\ube44 . 
  happy hunting !, 
  i also play from korea , and i desync tons . 
  it kills me a lot , especially when using whirling or shield charge , and its frustrating when you are attacking mosters but nothings happening , and then you realize you are in a different room completely . 
  my pcbang doesnt have mouse side buttons unfortunately, 
  i dont remember the first time i used it , but the first time i realized that i could hold a conversation without having to switch languages felt * sooo * good, 
  the shadow dh build is really easy and needs very little to work . 
  got 70 done basically right away with it, 
  generally on reddit it 's preferred to copy the original title of an article when posting . 
  people are often saying that it is the `` safest form of sex '' though , which is completely wrong for obvious reasons . 
  yes . 
  latest updates in aqi are very purple . 
  you must be new on reddit , welcome, 
  something special , as in ` didnt think it was anything special ', 
  pollution in seoul is really high this weekend , jast a heads up, 
  ld and dk would be fine, 
  the song was played everywhere all the time here in seoul . 
  crazy popular, 
  what makes rank1 not legit ? 
  both naver and daum says \uc77d\uae30 [ \uc77c\ub07c ] and \uc77d\ub2e4 [ \uc775\ub530 ] . 
  just run past shit, 
  tounge twister material, 
  one thing bothers me slightly about the deal with languages being easy to learn . 
  for me , as a native swede , norwegian would technically be the easiest language to learn , because it 's just barely a different language , but because of that , learning norwegian is essentially relearning swedish with different spelling and pronunciation ( and some different words and phrases ) . 
  that to me is just frustrating , and feels like a chore . 
  i 'm much more likely to just skip everything and `` norwegianize '' my swedish . 
  so in reality , actually * learning * norwegian is harder than another language , * for me * . 
  motivation and general will to learn a language is by far more important than how easy a language is to learn . 
  german is better than english , but not quite 1:1 sound : spelling . 
  korean is much closer , and that is the best thing about korean imo . 
  the other side of that though ; when talking to a stranger , `` you '' is a quite convenient word . 
  korean has the word , but it 's very rarely used . 
  a loot based game should not be about farming money and then buying items . 
  rmt or not , it takes away from a core part of the game if speed farming for currency is the most effective way of getting gear . 
  / r/nothingeverhappens /, 
  sure , nothing is ever perfect . 
  but most of the difficult korean stuff is * from spoken to written * . 
  and those errors are not a big deal , as the pronunciation is the same . 
  in korean , if you can read it , it 's ( mostly ) straightforward to say , as long as you know the pronunciation rules . 
  other languages , like english ( and mandarin , which is far worse ) has the issue where you can read and understand a word but still have no idea how to pronounce it , and trying to spell a word you 've never seen written is way harder than korean . 
  korean has a much younger script , designed for their language . 
  german uses roman letters for a germanic language , and that in itself is a huge downside . 
  i do not know how often either language reforms , but i do n't see why there would be a big difference in that regard . 
  korean does n't really have different vowel lengths in the way germanic languages have , so there is no need to reflect that in spelling . 
  i think that has to do with not being used to the sounds yet . 
  i had the same problem when i started with certain sounds that are not separated in my native language . 
  i would n't say that was because the spelling is hard , i just did n't know the sounds properly yet at that point . 
  chae yeon is the girl from ioi/dia, 
  oh yeah , i agree with all you said , but the issue with mandarin in this particular aspect still stands . 
  oh , ok . that 's not misleading in the slightest , oh well . 
  interesting , all i heard about thai is that it 's one of the more difficult scripts , but i assume the difficult part lies in the multiple representations then ? 
  there is no `` usually '' when it comes to romanizing korean names . 
  the twice wiki page has them with hyphens , for example . 
  as in going from just hearing the words ? 
  i can understand japanese , as it functions similarly to korean , with fewer phonetic sounds , but mandarin has tons of homonyms , and i remember that being hell , even when i knew the tone i had to look through several words to find the most likely one . 
  have n't dabbled in mandarin in a few years though . . 
  also , `` lilla gubben '' does not mean ` little old man ', 
  having the auction house integrated to the game makes it much more accessible to the average player , which will definitely have an impact . 
  the average dude on r/pathofexile might not be affected other than some changes in prices and availability , but for the game as a whole i think it would be a big change . 
  it seems my reason for posting that flew over your head completely then, 
  it was mainly used in starcraft, 
  this subreddit is about swedish language , not politics . 
  surely the country will disappear by then, 
  the best level 4 chest ever made surely, 
  interest for korean started with music , but i quickly got caught up in all kinds of korean culture , and nowadays it 's mostly my korean friends keeping me interested . 
  yeah nowadays its usually a `` jahall\u00e5 '' or something similar, 
  well this was called by quite a few . 
  let 's hope they married because of a * welcome * surprise at least . 
  let 's hope she 's as happy about the news as we are !, 
  learning should be fun . 
  people talk about different methods , trying to find the best , but what really matters is that it 's fun . 
  people can learn all kinds of crazy complicated things in computer games , but struggle with simple things in classrooms . 
  why ? 
  because one is fun , the other is n't . 
  good on you for making it fun !, 
  it goes both ways though , the `` it 's my country i should know '' attitude can be just as bad . 
  in reality , knowing something is what counts , where you are from does n't . 
  in general it should have an influence , but an uneducated kid from korea might know less about certain things than some foreigner with a relevant phd , for example . 
  but on reddit , everyone is an expert with 10 + years of experience in every field , so nothing really matters . 
  it 's all just words . 
  i think it 's safe to say that this sub is pretty toxic though . 
  obsession with anything really . 
  it 's fine to be into certain things , but when it actually becomes the major part of your identity , that 's just strange . 
  i have friends who spend a lot of time in norway and denmark , and they speak some kinda `` swedinavian '' for the most part . 
  they tell me it 's not worth it learning the language completely unless you plan to do a bunch of writing in that language . 
  impale dh is pretty tanky . 
  that mara shadow fok build was really tanky as well, 
  they 're memeing with the ??? 
  's btw,
