  as an offlaner , i 'm happy, 
  shh, 
  i am at 3.8 solo , and 4.1 party , because i really only play party . 
  ( i started on 3.8 party as well ) and now when i play a solo game every now and then , i really feel the skill difference !, 
  never thought it 'd be noticeable at just 300 points away . 
  hehehe, 
  i do n't know what the original goal was , but you did great . 
  if anything it 'd be the girl groups, 
  try opera, 
  growing up with jazz , that makes me sad . 
  living in sweden , all my friends are gamers to the point where they 've heard/seen kpop before , usually from sc2 , it 's just a kind of music . 
  and wow has a whole lot of players , so you can find just about any kind of person there . 
  weaver ult works as well . 
  well yes , the phrygian ( dominant/altered ) is used in middle eastern music , but there are words being said in the song , which really is what 's important , even though you ca n't really hear what 's being said . 
  if it was just an instrument playing it would n't be a problem . 
  i do agree that it is ridiculous to get upset over it though . 
  for the last 2 weeks there has been a mirana in every game i 've played . 
  she will be my most played hero soon . 
  pick mirana , build diffusal . 
  weaver ult kinda gives you more hp though , and it works . 
  still won !, 
  they had a bad game . 
  negativity bias makes it feel like it happens a lot . 
  aui gets a lot of praise though ... 
  no it 's just bugged , some see it and some do n't . 
  confidence . 
  too make it easier on your computer , people like when gifs load fast . 
  if you make it so less pixels change it loads faster . 
  at 4,4 my games are usually all 44xx . 
  mirana weaver bounty hunter, 
  my cat hates people , and always walks somewhere else when anyone gets too close . 
  sometimes he walks up to me when i sit at the computer and puts his paw on my leg , i turn around to him because i 'm always surprised about it , and then he jumps up on my lap . 
  i ca n't stop smiling for the whole day . 
  i know it 's because he 's cold and i 'm warm , but it still makes me feel great . 
  my friend just got this as well ... 
  fremskrittspartiet is considered racist by many . 
  i 5 stacked cm at night yesterday and met waga/egm in a 5stack as well , we lost and got +5 mmr . 
  the mmr difference in the game was huge so i guess that 's why it happened in my case . 
  if you queue solo i do n't know how that can happen . 
  just curious , how do you build her in this agressive mid game meta ? 
  that bear looks awesome . 
  yeah but that image is not hd . 
  fear finally got a desk !, 
  seeing g\u00f6tze there makes me sad ... 
  with blink you do n't need it !, 
  i 'm addict, 
  i 'm addict, 
  i 'm addict, 
  i 'm buying this set . 
  that requires people to sign in though , right ? 
  i just built a pc dir the first time , and it worked fine when i plugged the monitor in the mobo on board slot , but when i put in the dedicated gpu , and put the monitor in that , it was just black . 
  i removed the gpu , installed the driver to the gpu while using the on board graphics , put in the gpu again , and it worked . 
  its when you get it , some other dude tested it . 
  because the average female american cosplayer is attractive ? . . 
  if you sit at a desk with mouse and keyboard for 8 hours a day ( gaming , working , whatever ) , stretch occasionally , especially arms . 
  wrists can start to hurt , and carpal tunnel can require surgery . 
  it 's almost like he played dota 1, 
  cyka, 
  she does it in the video as well . 
  as much as i like the dancing that groups usually do , showing off their voices in a raw way like this is really refreshing compared to the playback sing along that sometimes is n't that great . 
  well , i guess i should 've said that i was on wire . 
  my bad , sorry . 
  alright , i 'll try messing with the router settings when i get a chance . 
  i can definitely notice the delay when i play , i should 've been more clear about that i suppose . 
  if i just saw a number it would n't matter . 
  i mostly play dota2 , and the delay i get makes it unplayable . 
  i guess i can check packet loss as well , as far as i know the game can tell me that in the console , i usually use a net_graph command so i can see ping on my screen all the time . 
  i do vaguely remember reading from some dev or similar that the ping that it shows me is slightly higher than what normal pings would say , due to the way it 's being calculated . 
  supposed to give a more `` real '' latency or something like that . 
  i live in stockholm , but of course i 'm busy that day ... 
  there was this wiz who did t6 mal hardcore world first ( ? ), 
  and he `` died '' once during the fight . 
  techies should never be introduced to dota2, 
  that \uc775 looks quite similar to a \uc758, 
  the damage type on your weapon does n't matter . 
  i read somewhere that running away so suddenly can be really dangerous , as some chase instinct can kick in . 
  seems like the tiger was focused on something else though . 
  source on that ? 
  i have , they got 5 as well . 
  i played against waga and egm in 5 stacks cm at 3 . am . 
  the mmr was quite skewed . 
  i watched his stream and it said he got 5 as well . 
  that happens when there is a huge mmr advantage between 5 stacks , both teams get 5 if the better team wins , which should be just about every time . 
  [ dduraeyo by baechigi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0g0zsj6p7a&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  imperius , the angel of balls . 
  that has been confirmed by blizz . 
  if you are away for a longer time you will be getting a leg fast . 
  how do you make the new tab to be clean ? 
  i can only do it by removing things in console , and it does n't stay when i open a new tab . 
  yeah , themes in chrome are fun in theory but when it looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z9aydnc.jpg ) it 's kinda meh ... 
  yeah its too bad ... maybe if you find a picture that fits like around the icons or something , i dunno, 
  that 's weird . 
  it 's a kebabpizza in sweden . 
  although the fries are not that common afaik . 
  spring * cleaning *, 
  yes, 
  rachel lauren, 
  i got an extra battery for my galaxy s2 , unless i watch movies all day 2 batteries are more than enough . 
  well , more people are probably influenced by a singer than a relatively unknown scientist . 
  [ as a dude , i do this .
