  some methods are better than others at some ways . 
  dsr accounts for lots of things , according to the creator ; and elo accounts to win loss . 
  i like dsr , i would love to see elo and mmr , at least for myself . 
  you get rad as last item ? 
  take note of how many crops are attacking the other crop , especially where the ranged crop is attacking , and pay attention to its projectiles . 
  for the base damage on ranged heroes , try to get slippers right away , and if you 're not in danger , stand closer to the crop !, 
  disabling auto attack and position yourself facing the crop to avoid turn rate . 
  on phone , auto correct made it crop . 
  but it felt fitting as you are farming them anyways , right ? 
  he usually scats along when he improvises . 
  that would be awesome , please do it, 
  ok good valid points however i 'm still confused, 
  hey now we would be so squishy without the 8 str from threads so i ca n't see any other being viable . 
  should be #rekt, 
  his twitter is all about flights being problematic , last tweet is 19 hours ago though . 
  my best guess so far , just started watching so i do n't know for sure . 
  i 'm sure valve had this planned out a while ago , and needed someone to do something related to skill , that people did n't like , so that valve can be seen as heroes . 
  it 's a few more players queuing without a full team . 
  kinda related to this , is cleave legit on spectre to get rid of units around your target ? 
  that man plays anywhere, 
  awkward does n't mean autism though, 
  it 's the exact same kind of add that comes with the smoothscroll crome addon . 
  how do you pronounce his name ? 
  i like this one . 
  low prio queues are significantly longer , had a friend who was low prio for a while and it took up towards 10 minutes to find a game , compared to 2-3 in normal . 
  we 5 stacked btw, 
  axe is just shouting all the time , so annoying . 
  not true , i 'm not sure what actually does it , but i 've definitely seen fb , the dude abandons right away , and no stats, 
  nujabes could make for some interesting everytime music . 
  rip in peace . 
  cool , but not balanced, 
  does anyone use it sincerely ? 
  not hers though , it 's a shop . 
  we 're still in !, 
  jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  we did it !, 
  it 's the nerf we need . 
  you 'd both be fixed , how lovely, 
  squishy like a true ant, 
  the bug just spread to chrome ? 
  its following my mouse on that paragraph ... 
  `` fixed a case where shop items would get stuck on the screen after dragging '', 
  i got items there right away so i could n't see what it said !, 
  dat ass tho, 
  i 'm so sorry, 
  the guys are all ` well this aint too bad ', 
  people have been giving some great advice . 
  here is some obvious advice i guess , but very important , and there are times when you forget . 
  ** have fun !, 
  oh and rhythm and timing is just as important as which notes you play . 
  * it do n't mean a thing if it ai n't got that swing . 
  its removed, 
  she friendzoned him hard , apparently . 
  i 'd prefer me and emma, 
  i 'd love to have this in 1920x1080 . 
  anyone ? ... 
  carmac should only do this to people that speaks good english . 
  this was mean ... 
  this is at my old school in * nacka * , a stockholm suburb . 
  i was there that day and saw those two . 
  that was about three years ago maybe . 
  funny to see it again every once in a while . 
  wisp in competitive though, 
  i think that they meant that a win or a loss is the primary thing that moves your mmr , not that a certain winrate is a certain mmr . 
  just about everyone has around 50 % winrate due to how the system works . 
  the french misspelled the newspaper , it 's aftonbladet , they wrote aftondladet . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , fr\u00e4nd\u00e9n was working with svt for their euro coverage . 
  she knows her stuff . 
  it does n't cost you anything to get ** your ** internet to your pc , but it does on xbox . 
  that part is misleading if you take it literally , but you really should get the point . 
  console graphics are good depending on what you compare it with and where you draw the line . 
  but the emo kids were not . 
  obviously the emo kids that went on to be hipsters , which are the ones that came in mid 2000 . 
  i really hope that the 80s emo kids have n't picked up the hipster thing ... 
  i started to win a lot more when i played ap instead of cm/cd . 
  i usually just last pick what we need the most . 
  if the people that are very specified in heroes/roles instapick what they play the best and i fill in the gap , it 's more solid than having a random side draft the whole thing . 
  to be fair , that description fits all our attackers more or less . 
  what ? 
  mostly win or loss . 
  everything else that people will tell you is just guesses unfortunately . 
  the arabs call them indian numbers , because the numbers are not actually arabic, 
  well if you do n't mind other languages you can always try the russian hd sopcast or acestream streams from wiziwig.tv . 
  it 's usually around 2000 kbps bitrate ( flash streams is like 200 kbps ), 
  it sucks that it 's called ranked mmr but there is no ranking . 
  a lot of people build it on slark as well, 
  it is . 
  pretty good one though , and ancient . 
  poor monitor, 
  it might be extra fun to pose those two together because she is quite short . 
  maybe , i just googled the title, 
  come to r/dota2 , where everyone hates league, 
  120g/person is what i usually do . 
  on merlinis stream it says 5422 up in the right corner , is that be his teammmr ? 
  sny core, 
  go away kaolin, 
  and something that might be obvious , if you are running around with an ac debuff without seeing anyone , you might want to get to safety . 
  keep track of your buffs, 
  weavers ult will allow you to `` heal '' through apparitions ult . 
  i wish this was more visible , i learned about that quite recently,
