  it looks like you are using a vga cable plugged in to a dvi converter that goes in your gpu , no ? 
  it ruins the point of digital if you convert it to analog : / . 
  i 'd be very surprised if your monitor only has a vga input . 
  you do n't have to use a digital connection though , vga works if you do n't mind the fuzzy analog quality . 
  but i know i would . 
  a dvi cable is cheap , and if you 're coming from a laptop , you 'd want a dvi as laptops use a digital connection , rather than the analog vga . 
  take it easy with the dots dude, 
  you might have to get a dvi cable , it 's not always included . 
  well if you do n't mind it , there 's no reason to bother , right ? 
  it 's a pretty small difference , i 'd say if you have a dvi cable lying around or happen to get a hold of one for some reason ; switch , otherwise ; do n't . 
  i suppose it 's more of a min-max thing really , although they are pretty cheap . 
  i 'm currently spending more on my stuff outside of the computer , such as monitor , keyboard , mouse , and headset , when i really should start to upgrade my pc instead . 
  i did a fair amount of photo editing a little while ago , so i had to see things in the right color and i wanted things to be a bit sharper , and since then i 've gotten used to the feel of dvi/hdmi , and i get annoyed when i have to use vga . 
  i took an editing class at my university and they had great monitors but vga cables and it felt like such a waste . 
  his heart, 
  could have, 
  ooo, 
  he was n't sure if it was a repost, 
  i thought touch screens were the best thing since sliced bread before i got my android phone . 
  imagine the possibilities for games !, 
  then i found out that it 's impossible to make a decent tetris game for a touchscreen . 
  i realized how good actual buttons are and i kinda lost the excitement there . 
  a few years later i got glasses , and now i really ca n't understand why you would ever want to touch glass you 're looking through with your fingers ... 
  go to burning man, 
  i do n't think he got many calls, 
  ctrl + shift + n, 
  a full guitar type chord ( six strings , so a full barre chord in `` e type '' would be 1 5 1 3 5 1 from low to high ) which usually is the standard , while a piano would be 1 3 5 . 
  if you specify a closer triad in some inversion you can make it much more similar to what you played . 
  another thing you can do is add 7ths to your chords and ask to play them as 4 or maybe 3 note chords , which is much more common than close position triads for a guitarist . 
  do n't know about him , but speaking as a guitarist , db and c # is just a scale starting on the 9th fret . 
  if anything that makes me worse . 
  swede here , i use cm but i kind of like inches because it 's in 12 base . 
  its nice to divide by three . 
  tungsten is swedish for heavy rock , awesome, 
  * strings attached to bells, 
  he is sister, 
  as did i , and while reading the title it got even worse . 
  then reached the part about the latex makeup , well done !, 
  at stockholm uni there is applause after every lecture , at least for economy classes . 
  try `` grave of the fireflies '' by studio ghibli , the ones who made `` spirited away '' and `` howls moving castle '' . 
  really cute animated movie , with a high cry risk, 
  hey christians are not too nice to homosexuals either . 
  and if you want bad history , christians got that too . 
  no i agree with you , it 's just that the thread makes it seem like mormons are way worse than other groups , which i 'm so sure about, 
  he used to be house hacker, 
  expected naix ... 
  fish goes bluuub, 
  i 've used quite a few different mousepads over the years . 
  i stayed with the steelseries qck for a while , i liked the big size and the surface . 
  i eventually happened to see a really big hard plastic pad at my local store one day , and i had to try it , so i picked up the same model of mouse that i use at home and gave it a go . 
  the surface was amaaazing . 
  it 's a [ qpad heaton ] ( http://www.corporate.qpad.se/modules/news/article.php?storyid=231 ) , it has way less friction than the qck and any other pad i 've tried , and it 's huge , larger than the qck . 
  i 've used it for a couple of years now and i will buy another one if this one would ever become unusable for whatever reason , and i can definitely recommend it . 
  it is a swedish company however so i do n't know how common it is in other parts of the world ... 
  major scale is too mainstream . 
  what if it 's a trail designed for biking ? 
  i bet the bikers would hate people walking there . 
  staples, 
  i bet the years are going to treat her well . 
  i do n't know how acceptable it is in german , but i can say i 've never seen it in swedish . 
  we do not use \u00e4 as ae . 
  i know in german \u00e4 , \u00f6 are modifications of a and o , so you 'd find them in the same place in dictionaries and such . 
  in swedish our alphabet ends with xyz\u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 . 
  i 've never had those . 
  our thumbs probably wont change in any drastic way , as we 're not really evolving much anymore since most of us survive regardless of our small genetic differences . 
  i remember finding the colorblind modes for wow , a few of them ( the really rare types of colorblindness iirc ) made some cool light filters . 
  for example , i liked [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y1gwv.jpg ) , which is for achromatomaly , whatever that is . 
  sort of like a low saturation filter . 
  wow does !, 
  it would look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/un83x.jpg ) with '' / console colorblindshader 6 '' enabled . 
  i manage to run dota2 on it with some tweaks , and i have to load up a bot game first so that i do n't get dropped because my load time is too long , but i get around 20 fps so i guess it could 've been worse . 
  i 'm fat let 's party, 
  balls, 
  he 's carrying a proof he got laid, 
  no we do n't speak german , but we do speak english so you 'd be fine . 
  the google translate play function is actually not that bad , the melody is a little computery in the end . 
  click the little speaker below the swedish text to hear it , the english translation is not correct , but that 's how you 'd say it in swedish . 
  you 're not far off though !, 
  where are you from , or rather , which is your first language ? 
  my current shrine does n't look that bad inside , but the performance could 've been better . . 
  bf4 sysreqs on can you run it, 
  iirc he posted this album on / r/buildapc as well , and he did in fact forget his i/o shield . 
  should 've gotten a 4k screen while at it , your gpu setup would be ok, 
  optical drive is peasant tier, 
  i never said that was why optical drive is peasant tier . 
  it 's because it 's a dated concept . 
  to be fair , it would probably be a lot more money . 
  still do n't see it happening . 
  good luck with everything op , the worst thing i 've been through is a teenage breakup after 3 years together . 
  i ca n't imagine how you 'd feel after all that . 
  stay strong . 
  shorter strap = play better . 
  those , in particular . 
  maybe he 's australian , it just became monday here in sweden . 
  7970 probably , but tomorrow they will release their next series of cards , and the r9 290x will be released a few days later i think , and it will be the best, 
  right now it seems like those two teams are barca and athletico though, 
  ah , i 'm not that good with la liga , i just see headlines and occasionally the table , really . 
  til . 
  i got one without name , i was visiting berlin for a few days when i bought it and i did n't have time to decide . 
  i support the whole team !,
