  my friend is russian , he queues on all servers , and no language pref . 
  faster games , right ? 
  that is what he is referring to i believe, 
  change dmg to armor and its fixed, 
  the 700000 a year refers to both songs . 
  in sweden we dont use periods at all really . 
  it would simply be $ 2000,50 . 
  yeah , but sometimes with really large numbers we separate with spaces or ' . 
  so `` 1 000 000,00 '' or `` 1 ' 000 ' 000,00 '', 
  you bastard , it 's way past midnight and now i 'm hungry, 
  all i have is firstworldproblems compared to the rest in here , but oh well . 
  i am not motivated to do anything with my life at all . 
  i study at a university in sweden , and i get paid by the government to do so . 
  i need to pass 75 % of each semester to get the money for the next semester . 
  for the last two years i 've been getting the money every second semester because i have n't studied at all , or because i was too tired to get out of bed . 
  i 'm 20 years old now and i 've never had any kind of job , simply because it means i have to do something . 
  i live at home and everything is great , but it just feels like everything will fall apart sometime because i do n't do enough . 
  i really wish i could be motivated to start studying , find a weekend job and get my shit together , but i simply can not find the motivation . 
  i 'd rather just sleep for 12 + hours and do as little as possible . 
  if i 'd spend an hour a day to study i would pass all my classes easily , but i just ca n't . 
  i try to study , i sit down and read the books , but i manage to get through a page or two before i start thinking about other things or just stare out the window . 
  i tell myself that i can do it later , that it 's not in a hurry to be done , even when it 's just a couple of hours until my exam ( that i 've gotten a week of basically free time to study for , after all lectures and seminars , but i still have n't studied . ), 
  i guess i 've never really had to try to do anything before , everything ends up fine , and people have told me everything i 've had to do all the time . 
  i would n't consider myself spoiled , my parents have never given me much because the wanted me to learn the value of money , but i 've just not really used my money . 
  i do n't have any goals in life , apart from being satisfied with life . 
  and i 've been satisfied with just about anything . 
  its been like this throughout all of school , but there has always been another level of studies to simply move on to . 
  but now there is n't . 
  the next step is a completely different thing . 
  jobs , housing , taxes , responsibilities . 
  i do n't know what to do . 
  i realize that i 'm the only one that can do something about this lack of motivation , but i just can not figure out how to do it . 
  i 've read books that addressed motivation and procrastination , but it was all things that i already knew , just did n't have any motivation to do ... 
  it 's a spiral of some sort and it just feels hopeless , but somehow still not urgent . 
  i suppose i 'm going to get a rude awakening when i really have to start doing things . 
  it sound ridiculous but i just ca n't do this simple stuff that require no effort at all . 
  i do n't even know what that is . 
  if it 's hungry then sure . 
  maybe thats the change . 
  she 's started to date pajkatt and now she 's swapping loda for pajkatt, 
  it has actually not been winter yet in stockholm . 
  irc winter is when there has been 10 consecutive days below a certain temperature . 
  if it does n't reach that low until early february we 'll go directly from autumn to spring . 
  that 's the one !, 
  old asian guy + sunglasses = fantastic, 
  but it also gives armor , and is an aura , so the cost is not really fair, 
  tp scrolls are bad , gives no damage, 
  nowadays it 's weaver for me , the only thing that really gives me a problem on that hero is earth spirit and his 5 sec silence . 
  stompa is the guy that sounds like notail , i think . 
  if that 's what you 're refering to, 
  edit : seeing the video , i think it was just notails good laugh , oh wells, 
  yeah that 's an old sny icon . 
  afaik it was used for quite a long time , i still remember it , and i did n't get the beta that early . 
  screen peeking for me . 
  sd and leshrac, 
  the reason people are counter picking him is that he is such a pain to play against if you do n't counter pick . 
  i play weaver almost exclusively in the offlane , if you keep track of when the support brings wards and dust , and are careful with chain cc , weaver can survive a lot . 
  get perseverance , aquila early to stay in lane . 
  if you are against a lineup that can stun and harass you need to spec your e rather than q so that you can lasthit earlier than they think you will , and conserve your mana for shukuchi . 
  watch out for earth spirit though , if he hits you with the silence stone you will die in a combo . 
  weaver is a high risk high reward kind of hero , if you pay defensively you wo n't be very useful . 
  am swedish , can confirm, 
  i really like the sound from ck , but alch , not so much . 
  well it is related to win loss , if you win , you get points , i 'd you lose , you lose points , basically . 
  your win loss ratio however , will be 50-50 or close no matter what your skill is , unless you are at the absolute bottom , the absolute top , or currently improving/playing worse . 
  if you win every second game , you can still climb or drop , but it will be slow , sometimes just a point or two . 
  in dota1 skadi was , for ranged heroes , a buff placer , and not an orb effect . 
  orb effect being unique attack modifier in dota2 . 
  this made it so that a lot of orb effects stacked . 
  you start your calibration matches on your unranked hidden mmr . 
  i would buy that set . 
  there was an option to not be placed with stacks when solo queuing before . 
  i played mostly carries back in dota 1 , but when dota 2 came i started playing with a few friends , and one of them is a really good carry . 
  my other friend liked to support because he was shit at last hitting . 
  i played mid , offlane and jungle for a little while , and i noticed we won a lot more when i played bh , ld , wr and weaver in the offlane so i kinda just stayed with that . 
  in solo queue i mostly go off lane or carry , as they can be quite similar nowadays . 
  yeah , i meant that there would be no stacks in the game at all . 
  i need it, 
  6 rapiers = 20 all stats . 
  a lot of russians are queuing on all euro servers and without language pref , i play on the russian ( stockholm , sweden ) server a lot , as i live in stockholm . 
  it 's really not that different from euw . 
  ca n't avoid russians , they 're everywhere , i do n't think there are that many uk players on russia , but i ca n't say i 've met that many uk players anywhere . 
  i guess it 's mostly russians and swedes on the russian server . 
  no , you might need to play as snowball ( pubstomp ) heroes if you want to rise quickly though , as supports or other team dependent heroes do n't work very well with teams that are bad . 
  grizzly hills ? 
  turn off shadows as well and you will only see the lifesteal shine . 
  iirc that 's her , right ? 
  yep from `` gentleman '', 
  i do n't know what this is , but i like it . 
  he eats fish, 
  korean qop and korean puck, 
  i am a very cold person , and i usually play with two blankets . 
  between the games i try to stand up and walk around a bit . 
  the swedish winter can be tough . 
  dianna looks great though, 
  it 's not that they claim to speak english , russians queue without language pref . 
  well i have started to take unranked less seriously after the introduction of ranked mmr . 
  so i play ranked when i tryhard and unranked when i play ar , sd and just mess around with friends with different rating . 
  of course it is , it 's just different, 
  wolves give him some control in the lane though , especially maxed with invis .
