  and in some related languages , the k is still pronounced . 
  swedish kniv ( knife ) , knekt ( knight ) , knut ( knot ) etc. 
  phone anxiety sucks, 
  yes . 
  i live abroad currently , and i use my target language most of the time ( which i 'm still working on ) , but my native swedish and my second language english feels just as natural whenever they 're needed . 
  it does take a lot of time and effort to reach that point though . 
  i 'm still quite far off for korean . 
  my korean does `` flow '' as in i do n't need to switch languages , but it 's not as seamless as i 'd like it to be ( basically the way english is to me ) . 
  this does n't mean that my english is perfect , and neither is my swedish . 
  i make different kind of mistakes , but it still feels essentially the same while using them . 
  sitting next to the ac in a pcbang , drinking outside a 7eleven at 4am, 
  wizard because wiz  all the last 4 ? 
  seasons, 
  these questions are so broad that the answer to all of them are : it depends . 
  government propaganda is quite powerful . 
  there are probably a lot of happy people in nk , and also a lot of unhappy people . 
  the nk government being democratic is quite a stretch though . 
  hammerdin is quite easy . 
  manald heal wiz is a bit more complicated gameplay but insanely powerful and can easily do 90, 
  there is quite a lot of wizards per crusader though , so you ca n't really compare it like that, 
  tal rasha stacks get procced when you use a damaging spell . 
  that elemental damage passive skill proccs when a mob takes elemental damage . 
  you might be mixing them up, 
  i 'm definitely not vegan but damn i want this . 
  iirc us native swedes has a tendency to not use jag/mig correctly all the time . 
  thinking about this , it could be one of these situations . 
  `` b\u00e4ttre \u00e4n mig '' / `` b\u00e4ttre \u00e4n jag '' both feel right to me , with ` mig ' being the one i use the most . 
  i was told that ` jag ' was the correct form when i was younger , but i still feel ` mig ' suits better . 
  perhaps one of you linguists can clear this up ? 
  well , romanizations are approximations . 
  they 're only meant to be representing sounds with letters you can use . 
  the original script is meant to be used when actually using the language . 
  if you learn pronunciation through romanization it will be way off . 
  as others have said , ipa is the way to go if you really ca n't figure out how to pronounce something . 
  i do n't see romanizations as strictly english ( due to being swedish ) , but rather as some kind of germanic sound archive . 
  since swedish and english has a lot of different sounds , i can use both languages ( and more through further language studies ) when `` reading out '' romanizations for languages i do n't speak . 
  i do n't use romanizations to learn pronounciation though , to me that 's just wrong . 
  i need to hear it to learn it , essentially . 
  sheever has become such a familiar face in the dota community . 
  let 's hope we wo n't be without her for long !, 
  get well soon , stay strong !, 
  if you are 1k you should just play more . 
  most players below 3k are lacking fundamentals . 
  do n't worry about winning or losing , think about what you can do to influence the game . 
  dota will only get harder . 
  no its [ dave ] ( https://youtu.be/9lxdyvipm6u ), 
  the snigel with the shell is usually called a sn\u00e4cka btw, 
  yeah , but mvp are essentially the players that are now on the international teams though . 
  there are currently less than 10 active korean players on relevant teams . 
  as for infrastructure , the japanese server works fine , at around 30ping from seoul . 
  it 's just a lack of players really . 
  league is just too dominant here . 
  i played ssf for the majority of the league and it really is eye opening how much of the game we skip through trading, 
  thats not entirly true , at my local pcbangs there is a decent amount of steam games played . 
  especially now with the pubg hype . 
  steam has mostly been used for single player titles though, 
  i 'm swedish , and pretty young , so i 'm very used to the almost non-existent formality in swedish . 
  these days i live in korea and getting used to the multiple tiers of formality and honorifics is quite a challenge . 
  oh , so it seems french has a du/ni kind of system like the one swedish used to have until the 60s then , right ? 
  korean has seven speech levels of politeness ,, 
  with honorifics and without honorifics . 
  7 * 2 = 14 ways of saying a sentence , not all are used commonly today , some are kind of obsolete unless reading old literature . 
  it 's tough , but as a foreigner i get away with most mistakes . 
  the hardest part is getting used to the system though , learning it is not that bad . 
  i still catch myself speaking informal to teachers every now and then , even if i know perfectly well how to say things the proper way ... minefield indeed . 
  fun fact , ` enjoy ' is konglish slang used for fwb/one night stand kinda relationships, 
  the thing about alk is that he does n't really have the same goals as most other people . 
  if he does n't find something fun/interesting/giving munz , he wo n't do it anymore . 
  he jumps on something , does it for a while , moves on . 
  it 's not that he bails because he 's afraid of competition , he competed for a long time for top grs in d3 . 
  then he got bored and stopped . 
  he is a great player , but he gets bored and do n't do things because other people want him to do things , and i think anyone who watches him a lot can tell that he 's up there with the best . 
  no need to `` prove '' that , and he does n't need anyone to defend him either so why am i even writing this alkxd, 
  in swedish there would be dots at least . 
  it 's not a very proper word in swedish though . 
  not sure how often it 's used in denmark . 
  fun fact , in denmark , danish pastry is called wienerbr\u00f8d , `` vienna bread '' because it was made by austrian workers . 
  yeah us swedes have the same issue . 
  it just feels wrong to s\u00e4rskriva . 
  as long as dean keep doing music i 'm good honestly . 
  both hiragana and hangul are the easy part of the languages . 
  the hardest part about japanese is kanji , the hardest part about korean would be the phonology maybe ? 
  this is compared to each other btw , both languages have quite challenging and similar grammar . 
  baked is such a treasure, 
  i used to have the same problem , but i realized that it went away if i had been drinking . 
  i concluded that it was a confidence issue , so i worked on fixing that , and it 's getting better and better now . 
  the realization that most people do n't give a shit about anyone but themselves . 
  i suffer way less from stress and anxiety now , and it 's way less uncomfortable to go out of my comfort zone . 
  the swedish name bj\u00f6rn ( also the word for bear ) sounds like \ubcc0, 
  i wan na live in a world where cuddling with bears and tigers is perfectly normal, 
  looks great , what kinda mod setup is this ? 
  just about every online gaming community is toxic . 
  people are assholes when they are anonymous/no consequences, 
  yeah , and most koreans will be surprised if you actually do know their ways . 
  often they will want to teach you , and may grab the bottle from your hands just to pour for you . 
  i know that men can get quite * touchy * without even saying a word . 
  i have female friends who would never go clubbing alone due to previous experiences . 
  it can vary greatly from club to club though . 
  if you can find someone to go with , that would be recommended , but you should probably be safe as long as you do n't drink too much . 
  the pcbang cheating issue is resolved since a few months back btw,
