  the more you play , the less rkki you will see , it 's been months since i last saw a riki being picked, 
  you should only leave the game if it says `` no stats will be recorded '' . 
  otherwise you will lose mmr, 
  if they picked it early you need to try and counterpick it . 
  kotl is usually good at stopping pushes . 
  shuriken on bounty depends on how tough it is to survive your lane , if you have to cast invis all the time you 're better off getting jinada , as you wo n't have nana for shuri . 
  you 'd generally get at least 2 levels in shuri first though , as the scaling is best for the first two levels iirc , and you 'll be ganking soon enough anyways . 
  another reason to go jinada early if you need to spam invis a lot , is that whenever you recast it you can look for an opening to stab a support , and you can bully them quite a lot if they do n't have sentries . 
  personally i usually go e w e q q r w w w. variations would be an w instead of the second q , or getting q after ult if i feel like it 's tough to stay close in ganks . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just 4k , 
  for the invis , yaeh , but the wolves can still harass/scout, 
  damn you 're fast !, 
  pharell sang get lucky - daft punk, 
  is he bigger than doom ? 
  and warpath !, 
  i would like a comparison of tiny , doom , and terrrorblade all with bkb and bloodlust, 
  the big problem with silencer carry is that he farms really slow . 
  if you want to carry with him you need to have an early game advantage and snowball , you will never outcarry someone that can farm fast . 
  so you tried playing support , but did n't like it , but they want you to stick with that , because if you mess up as a support your friends can still win . 
  the problem here is that there is a big skill gap . 
  if they were as new as you , you could play carry or mid without a problem . 
  if you want to play with them but not support perhaps you have to play solo to learn the other roles . 
  like you said , this game is tough to learn , so trying to catch up can be tough , and you have to be really serious about it . 
  casually for fun wo n't get you there fast enough . 
  until people pick diffusal carries, 
  zai is swedish btw, 
  grohl is way to nice to say something like this , even if he did have that opinion . 
  it 's based on your uncertainty rating . 
  if the system is unsure of how good you are you will be getting/losing more points . 
  if you play a while without a big change in skill you will probably get 25 values every time , as that seems to be the amount a completely even mmr game will give . 
  do you mean the 5th fret ? 
  or do you mean that the x is the 6th string ? 
  if i got it right that is the standard 6/9 chord i play , but i usually do n't play the 5th . 
  great chord for bossa and samba . 
  yeah that is a stretchy chord , i have small hands , although quite flexible , but i can reach it . 
  it becomes a bit easier for me if you skip the root , but then you could just do a normal x x 6th 3rd 5th x kinda fingering anyways . 
  i do n't think there is much to say other than practice more stretchy chords to be honest . 
  try moving your wrist to see which position you get the most reach . 
  i ninja edited my post because i think i figured out what you meant . 
  yeah , that chord is great . 
  it 's very if it 's twice of something . 
  so xiao8 could be small 8 . 
  do n't know the character or the tones so it could be something completely different . 
  and here is the forever version, 
  i am a ( gentle ) man and i still have a boner for her . 
  did n't the gob zeppelin in wc3 say go my homies ? 
  any reason to cheat is a bad reason . 
  this would haunt you for a long long time . 
  not worth it . 
  absolutely not . 
  insomniac doze , so good . 
  my name that i 've used for years now comes from crystallize , imo best track they 've done . 
  there is this chinese site , dotamax or something , that shows how much you play in the different valve brackets . 
  getting it done when you are that young is really great . 
  when you are still growing upwards it 's way easier . 
  my i3 works fine , its kinda old , but it handles all games i 've thrown at it so far , my gpu is holding me back though , unfortunately . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on this , it 's simply what people have told me is the `` bottleneck '' , but a radeon 6570 . 
  i 'm planning to upgrade it , but have n't decided on anything yet . 
  do you agree ? 
  well , i have a prebuilt acer , so i have n't found any info on my ram or psu ( which means i really should upgrade psu as well ) . 
  the ram , i got 8 gig , and that 's about all i know . 
  my case is n't optimal , but the temps are decent during load . 
  i would like to start over with decent stuff all around , but i ca n't afford that in quite a while . 
  he 's a fifa international ref since 02, 
  should have, 
  such graphics, 
  straight guy reporting in , his playing alone could make me gay , and i do n't even like hockey !, 
  [ i read zlatan first , i was confused ... ] ( http://www.sickchirpse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/zlatan-quotes-.jpg ), 
  they have the same huge eyes thing going on , right ? 
  `` trust me , never play carry again . '', 
  when my support decided to jungle all game when i was against a kill lane . 
  the support played fine though , great farm in the jungle , fast mek and everything . 
  op posts this picture as a link to get karma ... 
  well you beat usa 5-0 . both semis were way closer than that so we 're looking good right now !, 
  penta compared to [ this ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/8/86/announcer_kill_rampage_01.mp3 ) . 
  i like the korean voice better in dota2 , but i could n't find a link to the sounds , and i do n't know how to find them in my own files . 
  [ a google search of that picture , image size : large . 
  you should be able to find the size you want !, 
  sweden 2-1 finland . 
  finland 5-0 usa . 
  may the best team win !, 
  those beers are for getting aspackad , you 're not supposed to remember the taste of them !, 
  [ we 'll see about that ] ( http://www.iihf.com/home-of-hockey/championships/world-ranking/mens-world-ranking/2013-ranking.html ), 
  let 's just say i would not use that phrase in an essay . 
  when you read english you read the words , not the letters , and eventually you will read korean like that as well . 
  remember that you need to learn words for that to work , though . 
  well that 's it . 
  at least we beat finland ... 
  here try this \u00e5, 
  please come to sweden !, 
  could have , would have , not of . 
  you only edited one of the `` of '' haha, 
  there are tons of you on twitch, 
  no , wiedenfeller got a haircut . 
  wiziwig is the stream site i use nowadays . 
  all of their streams are free , most of them are russian , but you can often find an english stream for the bigger games ( cl ) . 
  sopcast and acestream are two programs that allow hd streaming , but those are usually russian . 
  try the flash streams if you want english commentary . 
  you might want to get adblock on these sites though , there are a lot of adds . 
  you should make this your signature,
