  by v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd be purged !, 
  sweden, 
  billy 's pan pizza . 
  swedish hungover food, 
  to bring home, 
  it 's billy 's pan pizza , swedish hungover food, 
  possibly sunday . 
  or , since it 's billy 's , maybe he chose a trefemma to make it more sad, 
  r/compdota2 - finding serious teams, 
  r/dota2pubs - finding casual groups, 
  and you might want to specify region . 
  chen did n't work out for him though, 
  looks like @eternalenvy1991 and his boys will bring this home . 
  now @arteezy can say pretty much what he wants  so impressed . 
  actually , that 's not that bad , although we write it hehe more , h\u00e4h\u00e4 is perfectly fine . 
  fort is fort in swedish which makes it a bit weird to call it f\u00f6rt . 
  the \u00f6 in that would sound like the i in `` thirsty '' if you pronounce it in a british way , kinda . 
  yeah that 's kinda how you 'd pronounce what the pic said . 
  according to plan . 
  no , its even stronger than before, 
  get a drink , hook up with a girl . 
  this guy is old as fuck . 
  marco is literally old enough to get a drink and hook up with a girl if he wants , so you better respect him . 
  i agree with that order . 
  here you go . 
  russia is pretty close to japan, 
  cyka, 
  yes , scandinavia is in europe . 
  same for me , the last week i 've had no problem watching source quality . 
  not just dh though , anything on twitch has been ok again . 
  too late , you 've angered them, 
  pyrion was funny his first couple of videos , then it got old , and became annoying . 
  this setup has really made him interesting again for me , he brings the `` stupid questions '' that no one ever asks , so the expert guys can explain things . 
  sort of invites the newer players to high level play . 
  i think it 's great . 
  it 's the singsing set, 
  the russian server is ( or maybe was ? ), 
  located in stockholm . 
  whenever my friends 5stacked we always picked the `` russian '' server because it had by far the best ping for us . 
  nowadays one of my friends speaks a bit russian and we play with another friend who is half russian and speaks it fluently , so we just queue all european servers . 
  you dont ' know his life . 
  maybe he bought a courier for $ 38k . 
  because it 's on a friday afternoon . 
  it 's not that common to take time off work/school to go to another city to watch dota . 
  tomorrow should be better . 
  wont eat shoes if i 'm wrong . 
  [ hehehe ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5q7yusy0f1qzpkdyo1_500.jpg ), 
  i want to change my flair to fnatic but i do n't want to lose my speed . 
  tough times, 
  appropriate name . 
  i could n't figure out how he stayed alive , but that does it . 
  s4 is so awkward , like a true swede . 
  i 'm proud . 
  i think there is a dota strategy subreddit somewhere but it might be dead by now, 
  people still use 4:3 monitors ? 
  if you pronounce it ozgur , sure ; \u00d6zg\u00fcr , not as much . 
  woah dude, 
  is she super blond naturally ? 
  her hairline looks weird ... 
  the final was on tv here as well , prime-time , so there 's that . 
  can they check how many viewers are watching on tv ? 
  tri casts are great , tri interviews are great . 
  puppey is great, 
  i think they only had between 19:00 and 21:00 , but the games ended at 22 : something . 
  i agree with you , the time i played the most dota1 , wisp did n't even exist . 
  i 'd say pudge is the most dota hero ever . 
  i consider wisp to be among the newer heroes , i did n't play as much dota anymore when it was released . 
  it was the song when you did skill videos for cs and dota back in the days, 
  yep a lot of gaming videos back in the day had it, 
  16:9 masterrace, 
  i 'm pretty sure the color you get is random , unless 5 stack . 
  you 're the problem in that case though, 
  yeah me too , wrote gondar right away but it did n't work , was really confused until i read the comments here, 
  maybe you 've played with south americans that speak good english . 
  get a 5 stack and the stockholm server is great, 
  it 's because he only plays earth spirit . 
  it 's in sweden ... 
  i 'm on my phone now so i ca n't verify , but i think you can see if you do a private game and select server manually . 
  when the server was released it was located in stockholm on the server picking map as well . 
  he said in the video that orchid does n't do anything, 
  group six = grupp sex, 
  grupp sex = group sex, 
  its not , he started commenting to people linking the website a little later, 
  you mean his aghs ? 
  should play counter strike with speakers, 
  i never said he was right , i personally thought he must have been wrong , just thought i 'd say that so you 'd know why he did n't use orchid . 
  well yeah , but it seems most people get aghs on him , which does exactly that . 
  i personally think fatal bonds is the problem with him . 
  hey man , no offense , but a 5 year old would not understand that . 
  he sounds like an asshole . 
  [ lieutenant general sir manley power ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manley_power ) does not agree . 
  tusk is more ish than norwegian tbh . 
  i do n't get how tusk could be scandinavian at all . 
  definitely not swedish . 
  he has a bit of `` ze '' instead of the occasionally so i 'd say austrian/german-ish . 
  jun snuuu, 
  and am . 
  football can be renamed `` standing around waiting and play 11 minutes per game '' or whatever that article said . 
  everyone loves elo and dsr is bad etc. 
  i 'm no expert but translating skill in a teamgame to numbers seems like it 's impossible to make good .
