  a new expansion would be great , and i would buy it , but at this point , everything points towards maintenance mode with any new stuff being scheduled for d4 . 
  two very different games , pve tends to need new content while pvp is not too reliant on it . 
  lol does get new champs which is enough to keep it fresh . 
  d3 could rise from the dead with the necro pack though ( hehe ) , we dont know that yet . 
  if they get enough money from it to justify more paid dlcs , for example . 
  right now its not looking too likely , but hey , we 'll see, 
  it 's not that bad , you get the occasional hacker , but not that often, 
  well not really , they connect to na through vpn to make an account without needing the ss number . 
  they can still play on korean servers with an na account . 
  actually , they usually play on korean servers , because most pc bangs only have access to asia unless you have a proper na game license . 
  some still have ways to reach the na servers , but idk why they do tbh . 
  most of the high clears on asia ( r1 is 93 atm ) uses halo + parthans instead of zodiac + ashnagarr , also they use the orb of infinite depth . 
  well the song is pretty damn good alright, 
  they ca n't really do much against it though . 
  you can ( and should be ) able to use programs on the pcs at the pcbangs . 
  so they will be able to use hacks . 
  creating new accounts is a problem , but korean accounts require ss numbers to make , but through vpns and na/eu accounts , they can get around it . 
  the game license being free at pcbangs is part of the reason why the business works . 
  blizz banning pcbangs when people hack will in the long run make blizz lose the korean market , which is quite a big deal . 
  blizz needs to get better detection and ban accounts faster . 
  possibly region lock accounts , etc. 
  it 's on blizz to fix this issue . 
  if the pcbangs would make it unavailable to use programs on their pcs they would lose customers and be forced to shut down . 
  not giving free licenses to the games will make them lose customers . 
  essentially anything that the pcbangs themselves can do will punish the pcbangs only . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation for them . 
  it 's up to blizz really . 
  region lock , faster bans , idk what would be the best , but leaving it to korean pcbangs is not gon na solve this . 
  i 'm at a pcbang right now , unless i have bought an na license i can only play on asia . 
  there are likely other pcbangs where you get access to other servers , but not a single one in my neighborhood ( and we got tons , i 've visited most of them ) . 
  asia only here . 
  that would work , it would make it annoying for foreigners to play if they come to korea though . 
  having to get a phone number linked to your passport and use it to verify and stuff . 
  not that big of a deal , just annoying . 
  pcbangs ca n't realistically do anything on their own , it would just severely hurt themselves . 
  blizz needs to fix this , or at least reach out and help . 
  pcbangs doing things against hacking would just force them to lose customers to competing pcbangs ( because it would have many other consequenses ) . 
  there are tons of pcbangs everywhere , it 's just gon na move people around , and force pcbangs to eventually shut down . 
  it 's a part of how the business model works though . 
  normally you need to register with your ssid in korea , but through vpn and foreign accounts they can bypass that . 
  it only hurts the pcbangs with these kind of solutions . 
  blizz punishing pcbangs when pcbangs themselves really ca n't do much is not a proper solution . 
  what are the tools then ? 
  the reasons this works are free licenses , ability to install programs , as well as vpns allowing foreign account creation ( vpn thing is not on the pcbangs , you can do it on your phone ) . 
  so what can they do ? 
  not have licenses for overwatch , and lose by faaar the biggest group of customers to the competing pcbang just around the corner ? 
  blizz stopping the free license thing for all pcbangs would just hurt blizz . 
  not allowing to install programs , and punish people who do n't even play overwatch ? 
  also losing customers to the other pcbangs . 
  the pcbang culture is a big thing here , it 's by far the main reason for pcgaming being so huge . 
  i 'm pretty sure blizz want in on the pcbang market which is why they have the free license , 20 % xp boost , access to origin skins , overwatch events etc. 
  blizz punishing pcbangs will only hurt individual pcbangs , and in the long run , possibly blizzard themselves . 
  the sensible solutions are on blizz . 
  region locking would fix the free new account problem at least . 
  it would be inconvenient for some , but jumping servers are usually not that common for games that rely as much on ping as fps games does . 
  pros who play online tournaments might have to buy the game for other servers , but if they are pros that is not too much to ask imo . 
  better anticheat would generally be a good thing either way , but i 'd assume they are working on anticheat constantly anyways . 
  this is right . 
  region locking would help for sure though , but punishing pcbangs is not the solution . 
  korea is a huge market , but it has a tendency to be a bit all or nothing . 
  right now , overwatch and league are really close , rank 1 and 2 respectively , together being 50 % of pcbang useage . 
  remember starcraft , the national sport of sk ? 
  it 's down to 3.5 % , and that 's starcraft 1 . sc2 is not even on the top 10 anymore . 
  blizz does n't want to lose the korean market , which is what they would eventually do if they start to give blanket bans to pcbangs like that . 
  it 's in their interest to fix this , handing it over to pcbangs will not end well . 
  you 're right . 
  most of my friends here at uni in korea live in small dorm rooms . 
  they all only play at pcbangs . 
  stop allowing installation on the pcs is not going to happen . 
  if it was one hack program only , they could ban that program , but it 's not , so they ca n't do anything about it unfortunately . 
  the pcbang market is the korean pcgame market . 
  and it 's pretty big . 
  the people who wo n't bother playing in the korean region is gon na be 0 if they ca n't play at pcbangs . 
  blizz do not want to miss out on it . 
  banning pcbangs will make people stop playing overwatch , and they know it can happen . 
  no one plays sc2 here anymore . 
  not because of cheating , but such a big popularity shift can easily happen . 
  pcbang is much more than just the money from licensing , the korean esport scene is entirely reliant on it , and blizz cares about esport . 
  unless blizzard implements some sort of solutions to pcbangs as a whole , the individual pcbangs ca n't do anything . 
  they will just lose customers to their competitors . 
  well , it 's not easy at all actually . 
  there are too many different pcbangs in korea . 
  get banned on one , move to the next , just like how these people do with bnet accounts . 
  it is a hassle to get banned by blizz , make a new account , get level 25 , and start to ruin competitive . 
  the reason they can do it at all is that they are not being banned fast enough by blizz . 
  they are able to do it for a long enough time that it 's worth the time it takes to restart , because it does n't happen that often . 
  another problem is that the pcbangs wont know if you are hacking unless blizz detects it and notifies the pcbang , which they do n't do . 
  it would essentially just be a korean region locked server . 
  playing in korea but not on the pcbang server would be a complete ghost town . 
  yes . 
  my friend made an account through vpn because she didnt have a bnet account from before . 
  she acidentally started from na servers ( default for na accs ) and the game just said that there was no licence on the account . 
  yes that would work . 
  i started playing overwatch here in korea , but on an old european account . 
  i would 've had to either get a new korean account with my ssid , or buy the game to my eu acc . 
  sort of annoying , but a 1 time thing anyways , so not that big of a deal . 
  pcbangs ca n't actually do anything to prevent the cheaters only , without punishing everyone . 
  you can install programs on all pcbang pcs , and changing that wo n't work , it 's part of how pcbangs operate . 
  there are too many hacks to ban individual hack programs . 
  the pcbangs ca n't ban individuals , because they do n't know who gets banned for hacking as that is between the bnet account and blizz .
