  do n't stop playing tank and healer because of this , because in most cases it will help , but because of negativity bias it feels like it 's almost always useless . 
  having a main that you play until you really know the possibilities and limits of the hero helps both playing as and against that hero . 
  do n't be too stubborn though , switch when nessecary . 
  minimize deaths from poor positioning , stay alive , use your abilities properly , get kills when you can . 
  analyze why things go well/not so well . 
  think about what you can do better each time you die/lose . 
  counterpick their bastion . 
  do you have any proof of this ? 
  i have a hard tine believing you struggled in bronze as a diamond player . 
  i 've seen players on level 300 + playing in bronze and lvl 30 playing in diamond , the system goes by mmr rating , and it should continue to do so imo . 
  modern age robin hood would take some administration fees and expect a tip as well though . . 
  one thing that bugs me about torbs accent ( as a native swede ) , the w -  v thing is german , swedes are pretty good at that part , we cant say j and ch though , we say ` yohn ' ad ` yames ' , as well as ` shance ' and ` shicken ' , but ` sveden ' ? 
  not really . . : /, 
  it can be really useful to know the hanja for words when you are learning vocabulary though . 
  the chinese/japanese students in my class has a lot easier time understanding and remembering new vocabulary because of the hanja . 
  too bad the voice for torb is n't swedish at all ... 
  in his second language as well . 
  his fluency is impressive , especially as it 's largely self thought , according to what he said on stream . 
  i dont love you is great , i totally forgot about that song !, 
  my grandmother ca n't remember anything , or who anyone is apart from her husband and her daughter . 
  everytime i meet her it 's like she passed away but her body missed the boat . 
  just an empty shell , waiting for the next one . 
  i 'm glad that i still can meet her and hear her voice , but i missed when i could actually talk with her . 
  makes you appreciate the things in life we take for granted . 
  i ca n't meet my family this christmas , as i 'm abroad and will go back in about 8 months . 
  i miss them all , and i am a bit worried that there will be fewer of them left when i return . 
  poe is pretty fun this current league , i got back into it after not having played it for quite a while and its fun to explore the new mechanics that has been added since, 
  im not sure when you stopped , but classes in poe are not as big of a deal as classes in diablo , that being said , if you played before ascendancy , they did some funky stuff with how the classes chose a path later on in the game that changes a bunch of things . 
  they added more to the lategame though , mainly an atlas for the maps , which eventually leads to some intense bossfights . 
  there is the prophecy mechanic where you get some bonus quests/events while running the story/maps , essences , which is a new crafting mechanic , and this league it 's breaches , an opening to a different realm with special mobs and special loot , and a few endgame bosses . 
  i honestly like that you cant just reset it . 
  in diablo once you have a 70 of each class there is no point to make a new character . 
  unless you want to gearswap quicker , but with the armory function that will be gone as well . 
  in poe you can start planning a new character when you find some interestimg unique , or when you wan na try that keynode you havent tried before , or that other ascendancy subclass . 
  dude , convert currency , you might not have an exalted orb , but your currency can still be worth an ex . 
  in hc breach , an ex is 20 chaos , in sc breach its 70 chaos, 
  i think you rescue her in the last part of act 3 normal iirc, 
  you spent a week there but didnt go to liseberg ? 
  what did you do there ? 
  they have a silly accent, 
  gothenburg is not cologne though, 
  man the 6linking is such a pain . 
  i 'm using a tabula for far too long on my builds these days haha, 
  this is a really difficult matter , it will surely make it harder to bring a celebrity to court over something similar in the future , whether it 's real or not . 
  the people here who previously was 100 % sure that he was guilty of this did n't know anything apart from what was being said on the internet , but they also had a point that the famous celebrity has much more influence than the nobody who could have been assaulted , and thus you should take it seriously and give them a chance . 
  now that we got some sort of conclusion to make : his reputation is ruined , she got jail time , actual sexual assault criminals just got a bit harder to bring to justice . 
  everyone loses from this . 
  sure , victims of sexual assault has a hard time , and often do not dare to attempt going to court over it . 
  but accusing innocent people of sexual assault can also ruin lives . 
  you should not make assumptions before you know what actually happened . 
  and let 's be realistic , there is no way for anyone here to know what actually happened . 
  leave it to the justice system at place to do what 's it 's supposed to do . 
  it does n't always get it right , but i 'm pretty sure it 's way more accurate than an internet mob . 
  dude what ? 
  the classes in diablo work in that way , you think that 's bad design as well ? 
  less freedom ? 
  in diablo you have wayyy less freedom than in poe . 
  sets forcing you to play in certain ways , essentially the devs deciding which playstyles are viable for each class . 
  each time a new player decides to create a new build he 's gon na end up with either a build that someone already made , or a build that is worse . 
  hardcore players often switch to a different class when they die , because leveling the same class , to play the same build again is just not fun . 
  ( diablo hc in current year ? ), 
  poe has much more options and freedom to play the way you want . 
  some people like to compete in grs , some people like to play the way they want . 
  nowadays it seems like competing in grs is getting old , why ? 
  because there is no freedom in playstyles anymore . 
  most , if not all rpgs nowadays has a class system , where you have to make a new character to play a different style , diablo included . 
  bad design ? 
  that 's just like your opinion man, 
  no that 's not what i said . 
  i 'm saying that each time someone falsely accuses someone for a sexual crime like this , and rightfully gets jail time , it becomes more of a `` risk '' for actual victims to try and bring people to justice , especially if it 's against someone who is very influential . 
  that 's why this is such a difficult problem , and why everyone loses on it whenever someone does this . 
  you are right that they tried to abandon the `` artificial game length '' , and now diablo3 has huge issues retaining players , because everyone is done within the first few weeks of the season . 
  good job there . 
  once you got your gear decently rolled there is not much more you can do apart from starting a new class , that you power level to 70 in 10 minutes , get gear from bloodshards and lootshare , and in a day or two you got all the set pieces and legs for the few viable builds for gr pushing . 
  what is left ? 
  ancients , augments and paragon . 
  talking about artificial game length ? 
  there you go . 
  paragon and augments are timesinks through and through . 
  with the only lategame in diablo being to push a gr higher than before , the viable builds shrink to 1 or maybe two per class towards the end , is that freedom to you ? 
  in poe you have a few other options , the main lategame things are crazy rolls on high end maps , the endgame bosses , and the endgame lab , these things require different kind of builds . 
  aoe clearspeed for maps , single target dps for bosses , and a pesudo hc for lab . 
  some people also play only to mass currency , something diablo does n't have anymore ( a bit debated whether its good or not . 
  ah in diablo was horrible , poe trade is better , but good ? 
  idk . ), 
  diablo has bounties , which is just a chore ( timesink , if you will ) grs , which are stale , rifts , which is a worse grift , and the campaign , which i do n't even want to talk about . 
  in poe you can literally use any spell on any character , whenever you want . 
  you will have bonuses for certain types of skills through the passive tree , such as aoe skills , daggers , bows , melee , spells . 
  these can allow you to switch a few spells when you want to do different content . 
  you will probably not have maximized your efficiency when you do however . 
  in d3 its similar . 
  if you want fast t11 farm , some builds for some classes will do better . 
  and the group meta ? 
  that shit is stale . 
  the freedom about poe is how you decide how to play , you can make your own viable build variations . 
  you got the youtubers making guides for new builds pretty often . 
  in d3 , everything is cookie cutter . 
  you have one or two cookies per class that you can freely switch between . 
  with the lack of content for d3 we 're not gon na get many new builds until the necro comes . 
  especially if they undertune all the ptr changes when they 're about to go live .
