  otherwise it 's the same build . 
  the offhand changes a bit because it really does n't matter . 
  there does n't seem to be any particular offhand effect that benefits the build , unfortunately . 
  yeah they count age this way as well, 
  there are multiple on kr server that had gems over 135 before this exploit btw , so that is not really a proper solution, 
  koreans have a tendency to sometimes make their \u3134 / \u3141 ( n/m ) sound like \u3137 / \u3142 ( d/b ) . 
  has to do with ~ ~ aspiration ~ ~ ( ? 
  iirc edit : nasalization ? 
  is that a word ? 
  vaguely remember that being the reason now that i think about it ) . 
  it can cause some issues with people learning korean from kpop/kdrama , as they 're essentially learning mistakes , making them harder to understand for koreans . 
  this seems like one of those cases . 
  [ age in korea is a bit different . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_asian_age_reckoning ) i 'm 2 years ` older ' in korea than in my home country . 
  dahyeons nickname is also dubu , which is korean for tofu, 
  a few seasons ago when i used my starter for a different class but rerolled crusader right after i went straight to bomb spec on yellow gear . 
  worked surprisingly well actually . 
  crusader was the 3rd best class in terms of solo gr potential last season . 
  the list went : wiz  wd  crus  dh/monk  barb . 
  this season it 's uncertain where the necro will end up , but the other classes should probably keep the same order . 
  necro looks to be up in the upper half though . 
  really though , any class is decent for solo play . 
  barb is lacking slightly , but all other classes have really a few really good builds . 
  for a newer player you 're not gon na be pushing the top leaderboards anyways . 
  play what seems fun . 
  hammerdin is really strong for solo play, 
  have you tried the blood set ? 
  it does absolutely insane damage, 
  played every class before , so i 'm gon na start with necro this time . 
  we 'll see how long it lasts !, 
  well , it 's not that bad . 
  it seems to be the second strongest build in the game atm , just one or two grs after lightning wiz . 
  you can survive with it , but it 's definitely not a tanky build . 
  if you are intentionally abusing it , yes . 
  exploiting bugs/unintended mechanics is banable . 
  well , he 's not wrong, 
  do you consider pets to be slaves as well in that case ? 
  these kinda things can be really dangerous , lucky he noticed it so he could react, 
  trag ` oul was and is the best build . 
  it 's performing about as good as lightning wiz currently ( korea r1 did 112 and is pushing 113 atm , definitely looks possible with some fishing ), 
  112 in korea atm, 
  if blizz are gon na ban for this it 's mostly gon na be targeted on the ones obviously using it intentionally . 
  a random group doing 90 's wo n't be banned , but the groups doing 146 's would be . 
  again , if they decide to ban . 
  rollback is another possibility . 
  you get a lot more xp for doing higher grifts . 
  the ones getting 800 in a week are not running group 70 's . 
  she said in the post that people freak out when she groups normally , and she wants to avoid that . 
  just saying lfg and waiting could lead to exactly that . 
  might wan na specify which region you play in, 
  where in seoul will you be ? 
  as for got , streaming at a pcbang should n't be too much of an issue . 
  pcbangs everywhere , old men drinking soju on plastic chairs outside of 7elevens , couples wearing matching clothes , no trashcans anywhere , walking past noraebangs and hearing lyrics everyone recognizes to an entirely ... * new * melody , old people walking around with hand carts full of cardboard , small korean style restaurants where a single old lady works , but she just sits and watches dramas on an old crt for the most part , claw machines on every corner at the suljib streets , delivery mopeds running red lights literally every time , cardboard cutouts of the latest it-girl with a soju/beer bottle in hand , those tents with street food , going to bars that are just a stair down to the basement right at the entrance door , apartment buildings looking like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q1y4kuy.jpg ) everywhere , hearing kpop at every store/restaurant ... 
  just a handful of things that i feel are very typical for seoul/korea . 
  it probably depends a little on where you are from though . 
  might add more if i can think of more stuff later, 
  whether they should be banned is for blizz to decide , but if they are , it 's not uncalled for . 
  again like i said , if you do it intentionally you are at fault . 
  it does n't matter if you read the forums . 
  if you realize that you can use two particular abilities to one shot rift guardians , you should realize that it might not be an intended feature . 
  if you accidentally do it a few times on the gr level you normally do anyways , it 's not a big deal , and blizz would most likely not punish that . 
  if you find a mechanic that one shots gr guardians and allows you to jump up 15-20 gr levels instantly , and you do n't realize that it 's unintended , you need to open your eyes . 
  i personally think a rollback is in order , tons of people have gotten a huge advantage from this , which completely changes the way non seasonal leaderboards will be , forever . 
  although , i do n't know about the other regions , but on kr , people did 129 on seasonal and 130 on non season , before this exploit . 
  so 130 is definitely possible . 
  i would bet that gangnam styles consecutive days on top record will last quite a while . 
  it 's been a loong time . 
  rosetta stone is generally not seen as a good resource ( for anything non-european at least ) . 
  i have n't personally tried it , but that 's what 's being said in most language learning communities . 
  one thing to keep in mind in terms of music is that it 's not uncommon to slightly change pronunciation of words to fake rhymes , in this case ( at the start of the song ) the \uac19\uc73c\uba74 is rhymed with [ \ub9d0 ] \ud558\uc790\uba74 , so this could definitely be an influence . 
  yeah , pretty much, 
  that would be hwarang in the modern standard way of romanizing . 
  pretty straightforward to pronounce once you take away that o. 
  the r is not an english r though . 
  i 'm not sure if you speak any korean , but if you do n't , think of it * more * towards a spanish r , as in more in the front of the mouth . 
  you could also type the hangul into google translate and get the machine voice to say it for an approximation . 
  edit : this video has a korean player say his name at 0:24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o58duyaoa7i&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=24s, 
  looking good !, 
  i 'm soo glad i only play seasons , this has been a total mess so far ... 
  indie team with big publisher = forces them to release unfinished stuff , fix with patches after release . 
  it all checks out, 
  i da, 
  \uc81c\uac00 = ` i ' + subject particle, 
  most young people in stockholm do not say [ \u0282 ] anymore . 
  there are young people in ostermalm that do , but other parts of stockholm often make fun of them , because of how stereo typically upper-class it sounds . 
  [ \u0267 ] is the safer option in stockholm , if your goal is to sound native . 
  this is a very regional thing , and the video linked here explains it pretty well . 
  ( do n't have swedish keyboard so wrote in english , sorry about that ! ), 
  in sweden ( and some other european countries ) you 'd have another honorary member in the wash-bear ( raccoon ) !, 
  not sure what you are confused about , the link you gave explains it quite well ... it 's located in gangnam , in seoul . 
  anyone playing on asia ( pc ) ? 
  available just about any time, 
  agreed . 
  poe definitely has its own problems . 
  both games are good , but they 're very different . 
  necro seems to have some pretty fast builds , but i doubt it will be as fast as a mh wiz for t13 . 
  most builds now are being tested with super high paragon and ( a bunch of ) bis gear so it 's hard to know for sure . 
  mh wiz is probably the fastest build at t13 with proper gear . 
  certain builds that crush t11 will be more efficient though , but wiz is definitely a top contender, 
  i assune that is due to certain languages having one letter for both r and l , such as korean or japanese .
