  i think mcdonalds are like the only big ones promoting it so far, 
  chinese and japanese does , korean ( and most others ? ), 
  does n't . 
  either way , li , ri would be the same in japanese afaik . 
  this is essentially what happens to me in kerbal , except with the kerbals , and not the probes ... 
  this gon b gud . 
  day9 used to take western starcraft events to another level , hope he can bring some of that to the dota2 scene as well . 
  well nowadays they get xp and stuff and get better if you bring them back so i do n't wan na lose them . 
  sometimes it takes a few years for them to come back though ... 
  as far as i know , no . 
  well most people are farming 4man still . 
  alk is gon na quit when poe 3.0 releases so its natural that he would not spend as much time farming, 
  the set is only a small part of a build , you need a lot more synergising items to progress, 
  screw the haters , do what you want, 
  why is it a shit show ? 
  it 's just a burst build , similar to the lightning wizard from last season . 
  it is the strongest build in the game , and it has a very engaging playstyle . 
  that 's pretty much what i look for in d3 . 
  relaxing in the back just nuking things is definitely not what i look for in a build . 
  calling it a fotm build is selling it short imo . 
  it is the strongest build in the game by * far * . 
  it 's only natural that it will dominate the leaderboards, 
  you got ta jump around a lot and avoid things , essentially . 
  i do n't think it 's that squishy though , most builds will die fast in higher grs , and this build has the upside that you 're safe when you do dmg , which is a huge quality of life . 
  there are some variations you can do from the r1 build . 
  the r1 build uses trapped , powerful , and zei 's . 
  you can swap zei 's for esoteric for more toughness . 
  it also uses coe as the other ring ( or in the cube ) , and you can swap it for unity . 
  these changes add up to a ton of extra toughness and will help you up a few tiers if you have trouble evading damage . 
  since the build inherently does tons of damage you can afford to drop some offensive pieces before you get used to the playstyle . 
  gr45 is possible without a singe set piece . 
  i think you just got ta get used to the playstyle . 
  the blood set lancer build is the strongest build , and will take you to 70 right away , assuming you are playing it the right way , but i know a lot of people are struggling with the playstyle of burst builds so do n't go that build unless you want to . 
  the bone storm build got an indirect nerf when they lowered the proc rate for the smite gem , so it 's not as strong as it used to be . 
  it still should n't be a problem to reach 70 with it however , rathmas can also do 70 without issues . 
  paragon will help , sure , but it 's not required at all . 
  i did my 70 at 440p , and i would 've done it earlier if i had gotten that last ring i needed earlier . 
  you might wan na link your profile here so we can take a look at your gear and make sure everything is in order . 
  well the corpselancer also makes use of zei 's , but oculus circles takes prio , so at the start of every burst you kill a small mob to get a circle proc , jump to it and start dpsing the elites . 
  the damage from zei 's is a bonus . 
  usually you do n't have to wait that long for your cds , you are hunting elites anyways , and if you find a pack before your cds are up you would just jump ahead and see if you can pull another pack for that burst rotation . 
  the lightning wizard solo gr build does n't use zodiac . 
  it stacks cdr and jumps around , essentially the same gameplay as the corpsemancer . 
  there was a variant to the corpselancer that used corpse generating mechanics to be less cd reliant , but it was strictly inferior so it got phased out . 
  it could probably work for a speed farm build , but there is no need for it really . 
  ok so first , you want a socket in your krysbin ring ( for esoteric ) , other than that your items look alright , just got ta reroll som stats . 
  as for your build , you are using the blood mages now , but for rathmas you either want to use singularity or the archers , singularity being the more common one , for big damages , archers are more for speed . 
  you also want to use the decrepify curse for the damage reduction from your belt . 
  you probably want to run an essence generator to help you keep up the 4 + mages you need for the set damage . 
  some people use simulacrum to get double casts , making each mage cast be 4 each , directly giving the bonus , but it 's slightly more burst oriented that way . 
  i quickly looked up rathmas builds on diablofans and this one seems decent enough . 
  i 'd suggest trying this one , it 's a basic balanced setup :, 
  haha alright , good job !, 
  trapped is pretty much the best gem in the game and there are very few builds that run without it . 
  being vegetarian in korea on the other hand is really hard . 
  theres meat in everything . 
  yeah , well i suppose hc could be different, 
  gave it a try , it was kinda rough , but the worst part was that i lost like 20 seconds by running to the boss due to shit spawn . 
  completed with 2 seconds left . 
  pretty squishy build with no movement skills , kinda sucks, 
  iirc he said it was after the nerf, 
  this reddit is for the language , try r/sweden for swedish things in general, 
  finally !, 
  3.0 release is looking promising !, 
  not even close , unfortunately . 
  it can help for sure , but using it as a single resource will not get you far . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with what you did/said , but in sweden we tend to stick to ourselves , perhaps your helpfulness just surprised her . 
  on the wall at my local pcbang it says :, 
   ring ring !, 
   ca n't you hear me ,, 
   i am calling you . 
  korean classes for sure, 
  my native swedish is still decent , although i occasionally use phrases from english or korean in a direct translate kinda way which sounds strange . 
  my spoken english ( 2nd language ) on the other hand has gone to shit while living in korea . 
  i used english a lot in sweden , due to how much american media you consume by just being there , but korea is way different . 
  i only ever use english when i talk to another foreigner , which is n't very often . 
  these days i often ca n't find the english words i need , and my accent is a strange mix of swedish and korean . 
  i get stuck in korean mannerisms as well , and those are really hard to get rid of once you 've gotten stuck . 
  i assume it is because it 's something i did n't ` learn ' , i just kinda started doing it without thinking about it . 
  the aether walker has an important synergy with parthan defenders and the calamity rune for teleport , so you can jump around the map to look for elites during your archon downtime . 
  what stuff have you been learning so far ? 
  most stuff in the beginners resource thread should be standard formality ( the stuff that ends in \uc694 , if that 's to formal , drop the \uc694 and you 're good ), 
  i wish korea would warn people about this as openly as usually done with pickpockets in europe , but i doubt that will ever be the case . 
  many tourists have no idea that this kinda thing happens here , and it could lead to trouble ... 
  no build uses grim scythe for damage regardless, 
  feels like 50 % of this sub is from carr, 
   events shown in time zone : eastern time, 
  i 'm in asia as well and it has not adjusted . 
  does it only do that if i import the calendar ? 
  no it starts at 09:30 pdt , which is like 6:30 pm in europe . 
  the google calendar link shows eastern time by default , idk how to make it change, 
  wo n't be able to see anything live without staying up all night , living in asia feelsbadman, 
  really now ? 
  which build is this ? 
  got a planner or diablofans link ? 
  never seen a build like that . 
  the curses seem to last 10 seconds when applied by grim scythe, 
  this build does damage through commands skeletons , not grim scythe . 
  grim scythe is only used to apply curses . 
  command skeletons are doing the damage , not the archer .
