  yes , i ca n't seem to see the particular info anymore ( and arenajunkies seems to be unblocked ? ), 
  but google said that the danger came from the same site which the reported sites took data from . 
  i know that curse have a lot of connections to other wow sites , so it could be their site or network that was targeted , it 's only a guess though . 
  you can look further than top 10 , windwalkers are underrepresented for the higher dps spots , and those that actually have performed well are the ridiculously geared ones . 
  we are low-middle , sure , but considering we do n't have any real utility we should be a pure dps spec , and there is no point in getting a pure dps spec that is in the middle of the pack . 
  the one you linked is someone i do n't know much about , but the other two in his team are world class , and i 'm sure they are very capable of carrying , so hold their own ? 
  more like barely keeping up . 
  and yes , those classes are getting nerfed , and windwalkers are getting buffed , hopefully it will even out along with people figuring windwalkers out properly . 
  blizz are aware of their mistakes and are being careful , while keeping an eye on monks , just like they should . 
  the buffs we are given are perfect imo , just very small careful `` quality-of-life-buffs '' like people call it , they will make a minor change , which is just what i personally want . 
  you can also use expel harm over and over again before a fight starts and you will have maxed chi for the pull . 
  i agree that we definitely should have some utility , but what i meant by saying we 're a pure dps spec does n't have anything to do with our class being capable of healing and tanking . 
  the windwalker spec is a pure dps spec since we do n't get access to the healing stance , and therefore , can not heal at all , and together with our lack of utility , it makes our only purpose to do dps . 
  if its intended that we should be that way , we should be able to compete with the top dps specs , otherwise there is absolutely no reason for you to bring a windwalker to a raid . 
  people saying that our dps is fine where it is , in the middle of the pack , does n't seem to understand that part . 
  either give us utility to make us viable in a raid environment , or make us a competitive pure dps spec . 
  mmo said that it was an add that was causing this and they were working on fixing it . 
  it should be fine now i guess . 
  blizz said that they felt bm was too bursty and that the whole spec consisted of just stacking all cds together . 
  pvp hunters were doing a macro with all of their spells in and used only that macro to win fights . 
  they want to change that , but they also found a bug where stampede was doing to much dps in arena causing hunters that did intended dps in pve to do way too much in pvp . 
  i do believe that both eu and us has realms called frostmane, 
  sure , i play those rpgs , for a month , max . 
  i 've played wow for what , 8 years ? 
  rewards like gear is the reason why wow is addicting , it 's psychologically explainable . 
  remove that and people wo n't play anymore . 
  i 'm swedish , although i do n't play on us , and i ca n't see any reason to do so , care to explain ? 
  do n't leave me hanging , better explain the left handed thing now ... , 
  the change was because there was basically always a top spec that everyone copied , so blizz decided that they 'd save us the time and do it for us . 
  for me it 's because i constantly adjust my path , to make it harder for skillshots to hit he , and to position myself better for fights, 
  hmm , fair enough , i 'm not sure i would have such fortunate pings though . 
  i 'd guess you 're a pvper by your choice of server , i can definitely get behind that reasoning . 
  at 90 there will be very few monks , do n't worry, 
  i never said brews are bad , just few . 
  from my experience , for every monk tank i meet , there are at least 20 of the other tank classes . 
  it 's a similar ratio for the other monk specs , although healers are slightly more common i guess . 
  woosh, 
  you think ret should be removed but you are fine with druid tanks ? 
  ret can do some crazy bursts , and are in no way bad . 
  elemental shamans seems to be at the lower end right now . 
  at the moment it seems warlocks hunters and dks are the top tier dps . 
  yes , the classes doing more or less dps are entirely based on the balance situation . 
  blizz wants everything basically equal . 
  and priests are statistically the worst healers right now . 
  so you really felt like you need to write the obvious correction to his obviously wrong statement . 
  it 's like explaining a joke , just do n't . 
  mages ; making people think blizz did crazy amounts of hilarious mistakes with critters , since mop, 
  why would they give warriors a ranged spec ? 
  the reason wars can use ranged weps is the same as why hunters can use melee weps , earlier patches . 
  mobs gives more xp , quests gives more xp -  faster leveling ? 
  i 'm not really convinced that killing things a little faster would have a bigger impact , lots of quests are n't even about killing.getting realm firsts seems to me to be more of a dedication thing rather than a method thing tbh . 
  then i think you need to read up on polymorph , 
  it was a comparison , but fine . 
  reaction . 
  most people would react similar to ` haha he 's so stupid ' but your reaction seems to be more like ` wtf this dude is so wrong , i need to correct him . ', 
  there is absolutely no point in explaining why his statements are wrong and stupid . 
  http://www.wowhead.com/spell=56382/glyph-of-crittermorph for the lazy, 
  what ? 
  you make no sense now ... 
  that 's not even what that saying means ... what i meant was how it was applicable to the discussion . 
  i never said we should do it one way or the other because one was good enough already , i gave an argument which reflected a view on why his way of doing things would be theoretically wrong . 
  did you skip quests in a zone and move to the next it did you stay for all ? 
  the faceroll really is just wrath and later . 
  sh was a pain . 
  it 's actually `` the sausage '' which makes it even better imo, 
  thingy, 
  `` monks are fine '' `` you just suck '' `` monks are op l2p '', 
  right , we 're fine , perfectly viable , sure ... 
  mag 10 ? 
  i came here to give advice , but it would n't be necessary . 
  i also noticed he 's easy on my ww monk , but what i meant was that i 'm pretty sure mag is only 25 . 
  she 's a pretty good singer as well , all her songs are n't that great though . 
  for those of you that wants to do this with other things , such as browsers for youtube etc , there is a program called always on top , available at the website linked below , but it 's kinda tricky to find the download link since it 's hidden in the middle of the text , so i 'll add an direct dl link as well . 
  sadly i do n't think you can get rid of borders with this program . 
  oh and vlc media player also has an option for always on top . 
  there is a way to make the ui invisible , but i do n't believe you can make the windows borders go away . 
  he 's dead . 
  visage . 
  if the carry needs to tank the creeps under his tower , someone does n't know how to pull . 
  you 're supposed to pull so that your lane does n't get pushed into their tower , not to push it into your tower . 
  bc : new races, 
  wrath : no new races, 
  cata : new races, 
  mop : new race, 
  blizz are not that consistent it seems , we could get a race !, 
  touch of death ? 
  stampede , for my warr . 
  just a heads up , you might wan na say if you 're us or eu . 
  the rep with those factions are not really required though . 
  i finished them on my main , but have n't touched them on my alt , which is becoming my main , and i have no plans of doing them . 
  valor gear is just another way of getting gear , you can raid successfully without those extra pieces . 
  he did n't ask if the transfer was possible , he asked if he could get the title by transferring . 
  no , you suck, 
  for pvp you are required to use macros to perform . 
  for pve it 's only in some special situations , i use some macros when i 'm tanking , but not otherwise . 
  to be honest , that was a pretty good way of avoiding a potential fight, 
  there was a whole video of pro things like this once , but i ca n't seem to find it anymore , does anyone know the name of it ? 
  eu or us ? 
  you really should n't use a 2hander as a ww monk , dw is far superior . 
  the energy gain is reverted .
