  personally i usually do n't mind foreigners speaking to me at the bus/metro or whatever , as long as they speak english/swedish at a decent level . 
  if not it can be awkward and shit , right ? 
  i do n't like it at least . 
  unless they speak korean , which i 'm studying , so i 'm ready to make a fool out of myself trying to communicate with it . 
  i 've heard about that yeah , it makes sense . 
  i live in a stockholm suburb , so i ca n't really speak for smaller city swedes , although stockholm is not a huge city in any way . 
  i do n't see how randomly talking to strangers is something you need in life . 
  i have a perfectly fine social life with my friends , and i meet new people through them , through uni etc. 
  sweden is great in a lot of ways , and i 'm probably biased , growing up here and all , but there are few countries outside of scandinavia where i 'd consider living . 
  i do n't think we are , culturally different perhaps , but we are just as `` warm '' among friends . 
  that 's so last year, 
  another thing you can do is setting your steam language to korean . 
  i 'm playing dota2 nowadays all in korean and it 's quite fun . 
  i would n't recommend it if you 're new to dota though , as you might perform worse if you ca n't quite manage to understand some descriptions . 
  i like it , even though my korean still is n't very good , as it gives me everyday exposure to the language , much like how runsecape helped me improve my english when i was a little swedish kid . 
  i 'm fairly certain it helps me more than having it all in english . 
  how much though ? 
  who knows . 
  he 's actually legit , huh . 
  i 'm cheering for you guys in the bundesliga nowadays . 
  watching bvb is not good for my heart . 
  yes , we do n't like talking to strangers , but once we 're no longer strangers it 's all good, 
  it 's good aight, 
  i ca n't see any tusks , it must be a walrus, 
  i really did not expect to see that referenced here ... 
  some of them had a swedish accent, 
  try / r/fiveheads, 
  the learning curve is also not as steep . 
  lol has a better approach to new players . 
  i personally prefer dota more ( played both for quite a long time , but started with dota ) , but there is no denying that dota is harder for new players . 
  there was so little tactics involved , really the biggest thing was not standing in fire , so you could do that . 
  i know i did . 
  top dps spec for warrs currently . 
  with better gear that might change though . 
  i main a tank , and like to dps , but every time i queue as dps i get reminded how crazy long the queue is , and go back to tanking pretty fast . 
  tomtom gps add-on, 
  noxxic, 
  they 're teasing the shorter members by exposing their height, 
  my pants bear the scar of too few . 
  its a hole . 
  chinese is a whole language built on that , 
  because it still gets upvotes , obviously, 
  roommate season 2 is great imo , and quite popular among foreigners . 
  having the same ~ ~ issue ~ ~ minor inconvenience , on armorgames , chrome . 
  cat . 
  i played in a 4k 5stack late at night agasint waga + egm 5stack . 
  we lost , but both teams got +5 mmr , was n't even mad . 
  morghulis, 
  and tv\u00e4ttbj\u00f6rn in swedish, 
  lot of people hate them for making it 4v5 . 
  i hate them because lategame , a good techies will make the game stale as fuck . 
  i do n't wan na slowseige a base for 40 minutes because there is just too many mines at rax to even consider walking up there . 
  pretty sure some couple back in s1 was a real thing for a little while after the show . 
  i hope he 's ok , working that much . 
  \u3139 in korean is pronounced more like r if its between vowels , and more like l if its between consonants ( or in the end of a syllable ) . 
  romanization is not very accurate , but \ub4e4 would be deul , and \ub4e4\uc774 would be deuri . 
  i hope not , this winter has been great so far, 
  the box jihyo is standing on must be huge ... 
  there are no official answers available afaik, 
  cd red is huge though, 
  thats what he wants to change, 
  fy said that theres definitely a bit of a language barrier in game though, 
  well dont you have places like detroit where its getting worse ? 
  on gyro and medusa , the multishots cant crit , so mkb is better dps than deadalus . 
  we are often assholes online . 
  being anonymous and what not, 
  well , iirc it was banned against his team, 
  korea too . 
  talking among friends , niga is you and naega is me . 
  i use it to skill my w. 
  any hero you 're good at , honestly . 
  play your best heroes , win games . 
  do n't bother with heroes like storm if the hero does n't fit your style . 
  that 's right , first 3 pictures are in gamla stan ( old town ) , and the 4th is looking at gamla stan , but from the slussen side , basically next to the ea offices . 
  he lived in new jersey for like 6 years . 
  many do n't know this , but for world of warcraft , you can do / console colorblindshader #, 
  and then you can choose which one you want , some of the bottom ones ( iirc , do n't play wow nowadays ) actually makes for some nice filters for screenshots and such . 
  0 - off, 
  3 - deuteranopia, 
  4 - deuteranomaly, 
  theyre not using their official names , thats the problem . 
  great english , great voice , but that guitar sounds like a banjo wth . 
  forev streamed there a few days ago i think . 
  27 is gon na be awesome, 
  dota2 on steam has korean audiofiles as well, 
  you can morph through chrono as well , not sure if you can toggle it though . 
  gamecube is aight, 
  $ 10 he did it himself, 
  carried by aui, 
  no its ke le, 
  leffen - chillin ? 
  come on ... 
  now we 're talking . 
  make it happen , bracket . 
  he said he did the counter spam for the fans, 
  [ yeah i 'd say so ] ( http://t3.qpic.cn/mblogpic/6acb3bd4bd7d1303d66e/2000 ), 
  leffen said on stream that mango didnt pay him yet , he was gon na do it through paypal . 
  leffen put the text there , it didnt pop up , so no timestamp . 
  they could use a few extra these days . 
  he 's drunk aight,
