  find your language in the sidebar and look for whatever free resources are available . 
  i would be all sincere and shit and say `` hi gay , i 'm dad . '', 
  all hosts do things a bit differently , and people like different styles . 
  but honestly ppd is doing amazing so far . 
  great insight , good talker , perfect amount of salt . 
  machine is an ass . 
  we will not be working with him again . 
  these brits with their dirty jokes man ... 
  seriously though i hope he does n't get in trouble for this, 
  aww he 's all shy and cuddly, 
  great fact you got there . 
  does it matter who made them if like 90 % of people thought a was the tougher group ? 
  most people would 've made equally imbalanced groups . 
  ti is just full of upsets , this kinda stuff is not new to dota, 
  there is in hongdae , hapjeong , myeongdong , and more . 
  i 'm sure you can google/naver it up, 
  that meme is not very accurate though , that character is norwegian/danish . 
  your one with \u00f6 would be authentic and swedish , although the pronunciation is way different from hodor . 
  h\u00e5dor would sound closer but look strange . 
  `` most of them speak german , too '', 
  it really depends on what you eat it with , but generally speaking i like the more fermented kind . 
  think you messed up , the recipe on the pot says to drain, 
  so you did n't follow it , you just looked at it briefly , haha, 
  just to nitpick a bit , pretty sure it 's called tonkotsu, 
  have you tried shin ramyeon or shin ramyeon black ? 
  it 's the most loved brand of ramyeon here in korea and if you have n't tried it i definitely recommend it, 
  the first part of the action is identical , i 'll give you that, 
  mental illness, 
  haha han donggeun is gon na be great, 
  i live in korea . 
  i guess that 's a bit of a change ? 
  not all because of kpop though , it 's what started it all , but these days i only listen to kpop when i 'm exposed to it on the streets . 
  man i 'd love some cappablitz but i do n't see that happening at this point, 
  just noticed that in the op it says that the hosts are sheever and slacks , pretty sure it 's suposed to be kaci and slacks ? 
  my hoods, 
  you can tell he 's a trained singer , he uses his voice much better than most other casters . 
  kam-sah-ham-nida - more polite , standard way, 
  goma-woyo - less polite , among people you know, 
  you can also just say goma-wo if you are close friends, 
  its very common for chinese names using the korean hanja pronunciation to be quite tricky, 
  depending on how it 's structured it might not matter what your native language is . 
  when i first took korean classes in korea the classes were entirely in korean from day 1 , japanese classes in korea will likely use quite a bit of korean however , at least in the start . 
  you will probably be fine regardless , assuming you are conversational at this point , and keep studying until you go back . 
  as for learning through a 2nd language in general ; absolutely no problem . 
  i 've studied several languages , and english is the only language i studied through my native language . 
  all others have been from english to whatever . 
  it definitely depends on how good your 2nd language is though . 
  he 's a very curious guy, 
  wtf is a bread box, 
  it 's my favorite form of vaporwave by far , but it 's highly individual . 
  these two teams are sooo strong wtf, 
  sccc numba won, 
  but hey where 's our flower ? 
  our bigdaddy ? 
  in related news , life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100 % mortality, 
  not in korea though, 
  jack black is so good for this kinda entertainment , really a perfect fit !, 
  not that im aware of , unfortunately . 
  there are a couple of apps that can help with things individually , not sure how offline they are though, 
  just like how some adoptees do n't want to meet their biological parents , for reasons like ' i was abandoned by them ' , or ` that is the past , my new life is what matters ' etc. 
  i can totally see why some parents have reasons to avoid contact . 
  arabic is a much larger language , and has a much higher presence in the airline industry , so in general , globally , arabic should be more useful . 
  but , get a job at korean air and i 'm sure korean will be more useful . 
  the whole argument about usefulness of languages is kinda missing the point usually , imo . 
  most people will not have any real use of the languages they learn unless they look for opportunities to use it , in which case it does n't really matter , unless you study some tiny language from the other side of the world . 
  only you can really decide which language will be a better fit for you . 
  but , like i said , arabic is the bigger language , and will in theory probably be more useful . 
  this meme really is n't that dank anymore , a few months too old by now, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/dotavods/ is spoiler free, 
  flute was good , the electric band sounded out of tune . 
  i know that duolingo isnt very good at explaining things , perhaps this will help http://www.worddive.com/grammar/sv/svensk-grammatik/2-bojning-av-substantiv/, 
  its in swedish , so if you have trouble understsnding the explanations or have further questions feel free to ask, 
  edit : the patterns depend on the plural form , ` obest\u00e4md plural ', 
  `` everyone has gotten something they did n't count on '', 
  `` it is also unsure which club he will play for '', 
  not really . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty neutral in sweden . 
  swedish is sometimes considered uncool to the point where a neutral coolness language like english is preferred though . 
  i guess younger people might think english is cool , like before they 've gotten sick of the english lessons in high school . 
  also , in a business environment , english buzzwords are all the rage . 
  my game crashes in loadscreens quite a lot this patch . 
  never happened before, 
  day9 talked about the newbie stream om some video before , and said that having a separate stream with other stuff is a bad idea . 
  newcomers want in on the main action , so they watch the main stream . 
  overlays and stuff like they had this year was the result of that way of thinking . 
  fanboying a bit too hard . . good insight though , bit long but still fun to watch . 
  they misspelled s4s name though, 
  it was a joke btw , check follow up tweet, 
  bing masterrace , ti8 finals : openai vs bing , calling it now, 
  this is the way most super smash tournaments work ;, 
  coming from the losers finals , if you win the grand finals , you get a `` reset '' , and you will be in the `` final grand final '', 
  coming from the winner finals , if you win the grand finals , you win . 
  i agree that this method is better , it 's fair , and it makes the finals longer ( more hype ? 
  a double bo3 would be minimum 4 games ( if the loser wins ) , maximum 6 , a bo5 is minimum 3 games , maximum 5 . 
  i would prefer a double bo3 at least . 
  edit : i guess a winner bracker stomp team would make it shorter and less hype though ... 
  nah the player intro things had their real names as well and his last name was manusson instead of magnusson, 
  if we 're being literal it it means ` nuclear * fire chicken * fried noodles ' . 
  why only translate part of it ? 
  i 'm bored atm , so i wanted to give it a go but quickly realized that you kinda need to know at least the basics of hockey to know what he 's talking about ...
