  in sweden we talk about the winter half-year . 
  3 months is a short winter, 
  eurovision has always been political af so no surprise really . 
  i remember the bees in act2 inferno, 
  my korean friends said that japanese is way easier for them . 
  i find that its better to make a vocab list by taking words from a context , rather than the other way around . 
  the way most books and classes do is that you have a text with a subject , and then you have vocab in the text and some extra words that are related . 
  remembering those words will be easy because you can relate them to something , and using srs like anki can make the process easier . 
  if you learn by yourself without a standard textbook you could do something like adding flashcards of words from a novel , article , song , tv show , movie , etc. 
  claiming that learning languages is a `` near impossibility '' is complete bs . 
  sure its difficult , it takes time , but it is super possible if you do what you have to . 
  korean hiphop and rnb usually, 
  i played in the same clan for the past 3 seasons , we have a teamspeak , we all speak swedish , and its usually about the same people every season . 
  i think its alright, 
  it becomes harder with age , but it 's definitely possible, 
  \ub3d9\uc0c1\uc774\ubabd , same bed different dreams, 
  or reddit enhancement suite, 
  the sentences are from http://tatoeba.org/ and are not always correct , as with all user generated content . 
  i need to have a physical dictionary for my written exams , as we 're obviously not allowed to use our phones . 
  these are not completely obsolete yet . 
  i 'm a guy who is about the same age as them and i think its one of the best recent pop songs in kpop . 
  dom is spoken , written de and dem is like they and them, 
  aristocats and the jungle book are movies im always down to watch . 
  generally speaking it 's easier to learn a similar language , but there are certain things that can be harder to get right , like if there are small differences you might not care too much and make mistakes . 
  personally , i got really bored learning germanic languages because it felt just like someone shuffled my dropdowns/hotkeys in photoshop . 
  i knew most of it already and now i have to semi-relearn it all . 
  learning a distant language like korean fits me much better from a learning process kinda way , even though it 's way harder . 
  if you like android i would suggest trying samsung , im using a non flagship model right now , and im really happy with it . 
  i think we 've had some church related funky business here in sweden as well , but yeah it 's not as bad . 
  i used to think i was addicted to games , but i noticed that i 'm just gaming when i do n't have anything better to do , and if i did n't have much going on i 'd end up gaming all day long . 
  it was a problem , but the real issue was the lack of other things . 
  i worked on fixing that , and now my gamer friends are complaining because i 'm never online anymore ... 
  many people were , and they returned and are playing legit ( hopefully ) on new accounts, 
  the thing that would be invisible to us would ' t need him to hover over it to see it . 
  he did it to see the time left , just like all legit players do . 
  if anything what he did is a sign he 's doing it legit . 
  tbh this guy has outperformed quin with u6 in the past . 
  would be cool to see these guys race u6 but id rather see quin try innas ep or some gen build . 
  apart from my study sessions with my textbooks i try to get as much passive learning as possible , so music or podcasts while doing other things , a tv or youtube show every now and then , and then a bit of srs on the bus/subway . 
  whenever im not that busy ( or them ) i try to meet some native speakers to hang out . 
  studying together with them when they study swedish is also great . 
  umbrellas and then like usual , and some durable shoes that wont leak too much, 
  all should be available [ here ] ( http://kleartextbook.com/tag/a_audio/ ) , no ? 
  you 're most likely going to like studying a language you like . 
  do you really want to study french or spanish ? 
  if you really want to study turkish that will be the most enjoyable one . 
  you are not going to get * that * much use of any language other than english if you live in canada or usa , unless you actively try to make use of it . 
  i 'd say it 's much better to learn a language which you would have use of through your interests , friends , or something along those lines . 
  a language is a living thing after all , it 's all about using it in real situations . 
  so we 're the opposite , i 've been underweight all my life , i want to gain weight and i feel like i eat a lot and decently regularly , but i only eat when i can tell i 'm hungry , so maybe that 's the thing . 
  oh really ? 
  i was n't able to watch his stream today but alright fair enough . 
  did you know that if you use google map the time and % left shows all the time , hovering over it does nothing . 
  at that screenshot he just said `` look how much time i have left '' , and pointed at the bar for us to look at the bar itself . 
  he hovers over it at other times to see time and % left , and like i said before , had he used gmaps he would n't need to hover at all . 
  pretty sure he played 4man in the start , just not anymore, 
  more often than not writing all cutesy is a sign of no interest . 
  it 's a better sign if someone 's a bit mean to you but still like to be with you tbh . 
  honorifics does n't always translate well . 
  sometimes you could use something like sir or gentleman but usually it sounds kinda awkward in english as honorifics are used differently . 
  i would simply translate that as * who is this ? 
  * without more context . 
  nice fits, 
  normal jeans ? 
  mobile does n't care too much about subs removing that button , and neither does reddit enhancement suite . 
  on most subreddits there is a button in the sidebar called `` use subreddit style '' right by the subscribe button . 
  on certain subs that button is removed , but you can still reach that function by a button next to the chrome address bar saying `` css '' . 
  keep in mind that this removes a lot of other things included in the `` subreddit style '' as well . 
  but you can just quickly go back and forth to downvote someone if you really need to i guess . 
  standard imperative form is v.s ( \uc73c ) \uc138\uc694 . 
  which would be \uba39\uc73c\uc138\uc694 ( or even \ub4dc\uc138\uc694 ) . 
  but among friends you could often just say \uba39\uc5b4, 
  imo its important to keep some things that make everyday life more enjoyable as well . 
  quitting games , reddit , coffee , beer etc would probably increase my productivity but if done in moderation it makes me enjoy life on the whole a lot more . 
  keyword here being moderation, 
  this is why , in other games you do n't scale so crazy high with everything . 
  native speakers often have that issue . 
  i can correct mistakes in swedish but telling you why is not always that easy . 
  so let 's simplify a bit and say you got three major reasons to choose a language . 
  * personal preference , what seems the most fun , interests etc. 
  * usefulness , depends on where you live , who you know , what you work with etc. 
  * difficulty , depends on the languages you know , where you live , who you know . 
  we do n't know that much about you , we could potentially help you with the last one , but it 's by far the least important one . 
  like i said , it 's the imperative form ( can also be subject honorifics , you 'll learn that a bit later ) which is the * command * form that you asked about . 
  in korean you can say things imperatively among close friends without using this form though , by changing the tone of what you say . 
  \ubcf4\uc138\uc694 means watch ( as a command ) , while \ubd10\uc694 simple means watch , as in i watch something . 
  ( i ) watch tv . 
  look at the tv, 
  among friends you can say, 
  and depending on your tone it can mean both . 
  easiest would probably be esperanto , followed by maybe dutch , italian , swedish , in no particular order . 
  basically from english they say dutch or scandinavian languages to be easy . 
  from spanish it might be italian or portuguese , i 'm not sure . 
  me too , there 's no blood what happened, 
  well , negative compliments are pretty uncommon . 
  a lot of us are shy and introverted , and often kinda insecure , so he 's not all wrong . 
  you will understand about 69 % of words being said , and veeery little of what they actually want to tell you . 
  the less common words are the ones that makes a difference in meaning . 
  that being said , learning words is always a good thing , but you will most likely learn faster by going a more traditional approach with learning in themes instead of just a list . 
  most people will probably tell you something similar .
