  i 've used this program for a while now , it 's amazingly convenient, 
  tanking in mop is really easy and non rewarding ... 
  i 'd love to go dips again but i ca n't find a replacement ... 
  and with the program always on top that is linked in another comment here . 
  yeah buddy, 
  this is what tanking has become, 
  would be more fitting to name a cat after him , but whatever , it 's a great name nonetheless, 
  i would not call dk an early game carry though, 
  spectre can be built kinda like pl , around some survivability and diffusal . 
  that and silver mt. 
  but you still need to link a photoshopped swede 's head on some non-swedes body ? 
  should 've just named him destroyer . 
  our dog, 
  some math problems gives you a solution that can be both +5 and -5 , for example , and a way of writing that in a simplified way is to combine the plus and minus sign . 
  another time you use it , at least in sweden , its when its 0 degrees outside , neither positive nor negative , and so you say plus minus 0 degrees , using that little one . 
  for me in sweden i ca n't notice any difference between the two , streaming wise . 
  lights is pretty good as well . 
  why ca n't i hold all these smiles ... 
  that guy, 
  she wishes she could play ukulele, 
  take stats . 
  yeaaaa, 
  we have lots of em in sweden . 
  this type of thing is probably the most sold item to tourists coming here . 
  well , do you know anything about us , else than like , vikings ? 
  if you are from the us ( forgive me if my assumption is wrong ) i 'm guessing sweden is n't the country you 'd know the most about , and definitely not at the same level as canada . 
  to be fair if it was n't for my consumption of american media canada would n't even be on my top 10 list of moose-countries . 
  alright , let 's do this !, 
  you ready ? 
  hope i did n't make this one too hard , and sorry to you people that does n't speak swedish !, 
  with a few drinks i can talk to anyone !, 
  no , not really . 
  as long as you speak english you 'll do just fine in sweden . 
  i spoke to a guy once that had lived in a few countries and usually he 'd learn the language pretty fast by just being there , but in sweden he started taking lessons after 4 years because no one ever spoke swedish to him . 
  the second they realized he did n't speak swedish very well they instantly switched to english . 
  we 've never really been that social , but if you 're right , it 's our own fault for speaking too much english . 
  you mean northern denmark . 
   hufvudstaden or die !, 
  we 're really just acting the norm . 
  if someone randomly starts talking to me i assume drunk or mentally challenged ( or foreigner ) , just because no one ever does it !, 
  it 's sad really . 
  iama non-virgin wow player . 
  ama, 
  courier worst winrate, 
  they 're just using bronze as an insult much like noob , the flaming does n't increase , it just changes content, 
  yep . 
  i stack with a couple of friends , one of then is a diamond master race and ofc he treats all the lower peasants accordingly . 
  all in good sport though . 
  but i noticed a lot of people use bronze scum as an insult now . 
  just like noob , so whatever . 
  its icefrogs fault !, 
  if i recall correctly both friendly and enemy healthbars were the same color in dota1 ( whole wc3 tbh ) , green at full hp , yellow at middle , and red when low . 
  i understand that it might be unfair , but surely its playable ? 
  sorry for bumping this , but does that mean qb works on pirate as well ? 
  in sweden the whole country helps pay for me to sit in lecture halls to draw and play sodoku and waste time . 
  sure ... 
  well , he is the best after all, 
  yep , got the depleted-kyparium rocket the other day , had no idea you could get mounts . 
  soo smooth, 
  party pooper, 
  if you face something nuke oriented , a casual cloak along with tranquils will make life enjoyable in early lane . 
  i had a boring lecture today , so i decided to draw my favorite hero . 
  oh and the option to command all units by holding cntrl is great when playing sylla . 
  what is `` maps '' ? 
  in not very experienced here yet ... 
  the end station on trains and such is called slutstation in sweden , 
  horor , slynor , slampor i guess . 
  ( hora , slyna , slampa in single form ), 
  omagaad he just fucking took it with his hand on the top of the fucking ice cream i cant believe it what the fuck . 
  and the reality :, 
  mom, 
  mom, 
  mom, 
  dad, 
  mom, 
  is more obvious , no ? 
  the shoes , man , the shoes, 
  real smooth, 
  if you die you 're in softcore , so why would you be scared ? 
  the xp penalty is fine . 
  i play hc so its really not applicable for me , but by the same logic you should be able to simply not die . 
  but the one containing a chicken sure was a bird . 
  one thing i noticed , it 's sometimes a bit hard to see the link text in the bottom left part of the screen when you mouse over one . 
  looks like this for me, 
  she is really short . 
  i have a 25 mbit connection through my phone line , path works fine, 
  normally people are trying to contact him , asking prices and whether to exalt something or not , and that 's fine . 
  now it 's people that just copy pastes something stupid and whispers it to him over and over again . 
  he even said that kongor was his favorite noob !, 
  kripp is such a nice guy, 
  i raised my cat with a dog as his big bro , they did everything together , so he followed us outside and did his thing . 
  we tried to get him a litterbox for the winter though ( he hates going out in the cold swedish winter ) but he just looked at it once and continued going outside . 
  yea ... 
  downside is there are probably more things they 'll never do with him again, 
  is 111 the max amount of skill points you can get ? 
  it seems to me like the number is a little higher counting all quest rewards + max levels . 
  one of the least item dependent top builds, 
  they removed the command for a brief period because of the spamming being troublesome for their servers . 
  people were binding it to macro keys and using it preemptively . 
  valve does it as well,
