  depends , and you referring to something in a previous sentence ? 
  but if you were talking about something dark and cold , ( svensk vinter kanske ) you could use the sentence you made to say that your soul is as dark and cold as that . 
  yeah sure , but it 's not gon na give any meaningful exchange of information . 
  as a native , i 'm not great with explaining how swedish works with rules , but the difference between `` det \u00e4r '' and '' \u00e4r det '' could be explained like this :, 
  s\u00e5 m\u00f6rkt och kallt det \u00e4r - how dark and cold it is, 
  s\u00e5 m\u00f6rkt och kallt \u00e4r det - that 's how dark and cold it is . 
  but it does depend on the `` s\u00e5 '' . 
  is ( basically ) the same as `` s\u00e5 m\u00f6rk och kall sj\u00e4len min \u00e4r '', 
  edit : wanted to edit , not respond again , reddit on phone is hard, 
  rorg , i could not wear pants , and still get the benefits of wearing pants . 
  these days everyone plays overwatch , and all you need is a battlenet account . 
  if you dont have one when in korea just get a vpn and make one real quick . 
  pretty sure sc2 works the same as its within the same client as overwatch, 
  i dont play solo that much now , because my friends are just within 1000 sr as me at the lower end , and i dont want to get too far from them , but when we play together we still have a decent 55 % ~ winrate , so i do n't really think it screws with the matchmaking that much . 
  the others on my team get a game thats a little harder than normally but is still winable , and you usually learn a lot by playing with/against players that are a bit better than you , in any game/sport . 
  i have to play my best though , if i screw around too much its a high risk of losing . 
  but i can play all roles and still have enough impact , so the 1k limit is fine for lower levels imo . 
  perhaps they could make the 1000 to 500 limit transition a bit softer , like 750 for diamonds or something , idk . 
  either some healer to try and salvage things , and hope for someone to switch , or play some self sustaining flanker and roam around, 
  as for gaining/losing different amounts of sr , it has to do with the mmr rating that the game uses . 
  kaplan explained it on some video , on phone now so i cant find it now , but basically he said that the system wants your sr to go up/down depending on this mmr number , if he gains slower than you his sr is higher than his mmr , and the system wants to fix that . 
  i carried my friend to my own sr through placements in s2 , even though shes a few tiers below me , and when we played together after placements we lost a lot , and she started losing sr like crazy for each loss while mine was just slightly going down , until she hit her real mmr and then we both got sr ups and downs like normal . 
  i suspect that you will keep on like that for a little while , until the mmr sr relation stabilizes . 
  it is a great game still , you might 've heard a lot of people complaining about the curreny state of the game , but the main issue is that people have played it for a long time , coming back every season excited for new things , but getting disappointed . 
  it 's a game that does n't make money anymore , so expecting new content every season after what , 5 years ? 
  seems like asking for too mich imo . 
  for a new player though , it 's still great . 
  especially if you got some friends to play with , although i have enjoyed the past couple of seasons playing entirely solo . 
  to each and his own , really . 
  hopefully blizz will keep on adding , fixing things for d3 until d4 comes , and maybe the money from the necro class pack next year will help them justify doing that . 
  until then , play through the many classes and builds that are already in the game , it should last you a while . 
  but it will bring in money once released , which is better than working at a loss just to be nice . 
  an expansion doesnt seem realistic at this point , so if they are able to make money from something until d4 the game will be slightly above maintenance at least . 
  id play that game, 
  singapore is shit to korea , and i get better ping to texas than california , feelsbadman, 
  as a swede living in korea , i wish i had servers below 150 ping ... 
  i get the best ping to texas from here . 
  same , playing from korea you 'd think singapore is better than texas ( and cali , but some routing stuff at play i guess , texas is better atm . 
  ) but nope, 
  i aksed for a puppy or a cat , never got any . 
  then my parents divorced , and my stepdad brought a cat , and my stepmom brought a doggo . 
  life 's good . 
  except that i 'm abroad now and wont see them for another 8 months, 
  i tried singapore from korea , it spiked from 150 at lowest to 2200 highest , average maybe 650 ~ . 
  i have to play on texas from korea to get a playable experience . 
  not sure why cali isnt better than texas though , maybe some routing stuff, 
  i do n't think he intended to be nice with that sentence, 
  he came to sweden when he was twelve though , an he considered swedish to be his best language iirc . 
  i liked to use hellotalk ( or just kakaotalk of you have friends to talk with ) just to get some real world practice with potentially instant feedback . 
  it 's more useful if you are conversational already though , but as long as you do n't only use english you should be able to get something out of it at any level . 
  intresting that many hitscan pros , such as iddqd and mendokusaii are playing in the reds according to that calculator . 
  how big of an effect does this have realistically ? 
  so i 'm currently studying at \uc678\ub300 , a university focused on learning foreign languages , and even here , having a conversation in english with anyone that is n't an english major is hard . 
  sometimes even english majors struggle . 
  everyone in korea spends years learning english , but their methods are not great , so a big majority of people are still far from conversational . 
  if you plan on staying a longer time in korea you should definitely learn korean . 
  also , it 's fun , their tv shows are at times hilarious , and if you like kdrama and/or kpop you will have a lot of use for the language even outside of the country . 
  might have to do with how meta it became on ptr . 
  with the new wd build the 4man meta ditched the monk dps and went back to 3 supp , with wiz taking the remaining slot . 
  adding to what others have said , a good rein can carry the game by shielding and moving properly , generating no medals . 
  well they are basically unknown in korea so that 's why it flopped . 
  compared to rape ( accusations ... ) and multiple duis i think this one is pretty tame, 
  swastikas are seen all over old east asian buildings because of buddhist conections though . 
  i agree that they should be aware of what it means in other contexts as well , but the nazis are not as well known in the east , so i could see why this happens, 
  monk lon ltk is doing great , well up in the 90s , currently leading on asia seasonal, 
  then what is it ? 
  i 've been listening to kpop for jusy about 10 years now , back then i was mostly listening to jazz , and i still do . 
  kpop did n't really change anything , it just got added to the rest, 
  also , dva not having reload time for her shotgun type guns makes her and roadhog too good agaisnt the rein shield , and breaking the shield is the first step to winning a fight . 
  jehong said on stream that deans ana is basically on the same level as his own now, 
  she is part of the issue, 
  its all good man do ur thing, 
  its actually a song first released by a swedish , now middle aged woman , that didnt do so well and then was remade with korean lyrics . 
  the only video of the original song was taken down from youtube so i cant link it , ill see if i can find a different link . 
  edit : here it is . 
  esport in korea generally has many fangirls though, 
  its a good tip though, 
  he 's regarded as the best hitscan dps in korea atm , he 's really good , but we have yet to see him much in international events . 
  looking forward to it though . 
  if he 's on a good team he could be unstoppable . 
  from what i 've heard from friends who took korean at yonsei , they focus a bit too much on reading and writing , so if you go there make sure to get as much conversation practice as you can when not in class . 
  i study at \uc678\ub300 atm and i think it 's alright . 
  not perfect , but also not bad in any way . 
  you 'll learn a lot no matter where you go , and i think your inprovement matters mostly on yourself , rather than the school . 
  is sc2 on the korean servers that big of a deal still ? 
  i live in korea atm and i see more broodwar then sc2 at the pcbangs ,  90 % is overwatch though, 
  i hear this a lot but i never got any explanation for in what way it double dips , anyone care to explain ? 
  ailee - singing got better , look up the lyrics as well, 
  as a dps main this is the case since day1 though . 
  it 's our turn to be tabbed the first few seconds of the match wirhout having to play lucio !, 
  in all seriousness though , people want to play what 's meta and if that is tanks atm then that 's what they 'll pick . 
  try to convince them to let you have your main , and if they do n't let you , fill . 
  sure it sucks sometimes but until the meta changes this is unavoidable, 
  at that level , the meta is very loose , and mostly dps hero focused . 
  aim is the most inportant thing you can improve , after that , positioning . 
  one of my friends is in 600sr and poor positioning is the reason people die , even though the aim is bad . 
  do n't take the words of master/gm players as absolute truth . 
  at your level , the meta is very different and certain things work better at different levels of play . 
  if your aim is bad , do n't assume the best way to climb is playing soldier and mcree , you will probably have more impact on the game by playing d.va , for example . 
  picking a tank or healer when the team only has dps is another way to get an edge , but sometimes you will get a team that does n't benefit from a healer , because they never are where you are .
