  of course poe has more updates , they get money from microtransactions . 
  blizz is most definitely not making money from d3 anymore . 
  is d2 getting new content ? 
  then why are people playing that game ? 
  probably because it has a certain appeal that d3 doesnt . 
  theyre not gon na magically get that from a little patch . 
  they need to restart from new , with perhaps d4 . 
  maybe they have already , who knows, 
  again , they would only make those kind of changes with an expansion , because otherwise they will lose money from it . 
  the necro pack is gon na be one step towards microtransactions that would potentially change the way d3 will develop , but at this point , its way more likely for big changes to happen for d4 . 
  d3 is a dead game , probably in the eyes of the devs as well , to a certain degree , theyre not gon na invest a bunch of money that wont give them any return . 
  they dont owe us shit , we payed , we played . 
  now were done , theyre done , and we have to wait for big announcements for this to change . 
  hoping for an expansion or a patch that will fix lategame is just stupid at this point . 
  while de and dem are usually just dom while speaking , you can sometimes here people say `` de '' anyways . 
  dem is never said though . 
  direct message, 
  thats a relief !, 
  you need to work a bit on your \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 's !, 
  many foreigners who are unfamiliar with these letters start learning swedish `` without '' them , as in , reading them just like aao instead , and it can be hard to change that once you 've got going . 
  iirc you do n't need to write them out in duolingo for a correct answer , they just tell you to keep an eye out for those , and give you a pass , but they are different letters with different pronunciations , and they are pretty important . 
  in korea his name is actually pronounced lushio though , there is no `` si '' sound in korean , only `` shi '', 
  i might be showing off my lack of wiz knowledge now , but it seems like you are doing most of your damage on the boss in archon form in two bursts , right at the start of archon , and then again after a few seconds , and then it falls of when your tr stacks drops . 
  how come ? 
  is it some internal cd that i 'm not aware of ? 
  am i seeing patterns where they are n't any ? 
  am i missing something super obvious ? 
  haha i 'm lost here help me out, 
  sad that all wiz builds rely on archon though , would be cool to see a competitive build without it for once, 
  lon bomb is the other competitive solo build for crusaders atm ( and for the past couple of seasons ) . 
  basically only solo viable , does n't perform well in groups . 
  can compete with wizard for top clears in the game , but is as of right now 1 gr behind wiz on non season , and 2 on season . 
  basically second strongest spec in the game for the current patch . 
  might be behind hammers in the next one though , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i meant the 2 burst part of it all , if he dropped stacks then got them back again that would explain it , but as far as i can tell he got the stacks , gets two smaller bursts , and the the stack falls off . 
  you dont have to play this build, 
  maybe you know more but your mechanics are bad , someone with good aim from cs/tf2/whatever that tries overwatch for the first time will probably play at a pretty high sr right away . 
  mechanics matter a lot in fps, 
  we do n't speak english there though , as we 're not an expat sub, 
  as a swede , it didnt really seem like that much of a challenge at first, 
  the better client , change in rift density and floor tileset randomization are all welcome changes imo, 
  i think theyre pretty fun so far, 
  one thing a lot people do n't think about when trying to improve is that different things work better at different skill levels , and so they try to play like a ( shitty clone of a ) pro , in a game where you need to play like a god tier shit . 
  the reason pro players can climb from bronze to gm in a few hours is that they are way way above the others in skill . 
  if you are legit bronze level , it 's gon na take a very different approach to climb . 
  you need to play the meta of your sr , not the gm/esports meta . 
  you should play assuming your team and your opponents are bad , so playing a mcree on the frontline expecting heals and protection from supps and tanks will not work ( especially if you ca n't land shots ) . 
  as a support player you should keep your idiots alive longer than their support idiot can keep their idiots alive . 
  even if your dealers are shit , its likely that theirs is as well , and if you heal well the shit aim of your opponents might not be enough to kill your teammates . 
  getting good at the bronze meta requires understanding of how it works , why people do what they do and how to play around that . 
  it 's the same approach to get better no matter your sr , but it requires different playstyles . 
  watching pro videos and coaching can help still , but do n't take it as the definite way to play . 
  it should get better as you reach higher rating , but you will also need to learn how the meta changes as people start to get better , so when you get good enough at the bronze meta to climb out , you might struggle with the silver or gold meta instead , until you learn that . 
  sr is directly related to how good you are , and when you play many games while trying to improve at all times , you likely will . 
  sometimes you get a loss streak , sometimes you get a winstreak , but if you keep playing you will get better and better , bit remember to think , with understanding come improvement . 
  this is the same for all skill based games at all levels of play . 
  in a team game you will climb as long as you perform well , and pull your own weight . 
  it will take time though , so be patient . 
  at low levels , bastion can be really good , because most people struggle to counter him . 
  symmetra on attack can win games if played well , especially at low level when people have bad awareness of maps , skills , etc. 
  not always , but sometimes . 
  focus on your own play , and play something that will work in the situation you are in . 
  try to either carry the game with your speciality hero , or spoonfeed the win to the idiots on your team as a support . 
  remember that you win the fight if your idiots are alive longer than theirs . 
  do what it takes to ensure that . 
  sometimes you got ta be the one to walk to the point , sometimes you have to constantly heal that roadhog/76 who does n't know he can do it himself . 
  if you play well over many games you will climb , but focus on the part where you play well , and not the sr number going up or down . 
  winning by getting carried by good teammates or losing because of bad ones will not matter in the long run as long as you get better . 
  be careful with that ... we all know it 's cool in game and all but in real life it really is not . 
  what sr did you guys end at in s2 ? 
  to me it seems like it depends 70 % ~ on that alone . 
  then if you arent up in gm you get like -300 sr after placement no matter how well you do . 
  mendokusaii met one on stream in s2 iirc, 
  in finland and sweden people drink a looot of coffee , and i think finland is rank1 world coffee drinkers atm, 
  every one in sweden, 
  duo , and sometimes 3s stacking can be good though , you have someone else on your team that you can rely on , which can help you win games, 
  pretty sure it 's ` en centimeter sn\u00f6 ', 
  source : i 'm swedish, 
  in swedish you would say ` en centimeter ' , unless combined with an ` ett ' noun after . 
  in situations where you see `` 1 cm '' would you use ett in icelandic ? 
  in swedish it 's `` en centimeter '' . 
  we csgo now ? 
  good find , gon na put this to use !, 
  focus on playing better , and the numbers wil rise , focus on the numbers and the play will get worse . 
  those gloves that gives a shield of 150 % of your max hp when hit by an elite , not sure what would be elites in our world though, 
  on ptr it seems like the group meta is back to 3 supp , with the new lon wd as dps, 
  we have the skeleton king shoulders , but thats just 25 % chance though, 
  depends on the pcbang , at the ones i go to you can only play on asia server if you dont own the game . 
  and to make an account you have to use kssn , or vpn to usa and make a free hearthstone acc and then log in to ow . 
  most pc bangs only allow you to play ow for free on asia servers though , even if you make a new account on na with vpn you need to buy the game to play outside of asia, 
  its cheap , dont have to buy the games , good pcs , open 24/7 , order cheap food and drinks to your seat , its just really convenient to play there . 
  many kids live in super small student apartments where they only have a laptop . 
  be sure to play seasonal for the set from season journey . 
  play the campaign first , then adventure mode . 
  try whatever class you think seems fun , they all have newbie friendly setups , and you can get to 70 with a new class in no time when you know what you are doing, 
  when i play with some friends , we are in low gold sr together , i have not met any blatant aimbotters yet . 
  most of them are in diamond . 
  if you aimbot and still play in gold you are beyond shit because aim is basically what you need to go plat, 
  if you speak english when the game is not going well they will only swear to you and blame you for the loss , if you do when winning they will probably just swear to you . 
  source : i only use korean in owerwatch these days .
