  people using other people for their own benefit is a global thing , i 'm afraid . 
  the best way is to imitate what natives are saying , explaining using english sounds will always require approximations and compromises . 
  if you have the opportunity , try to ask a korean friend to help you out . 
  china is not the only reason . 
  if war can be avoided , it will be . 
  war is a last resort kinda thing, 
  yes . 
  * how * that is to be done is another question entirely . 
  something like this ? 
  mostly english ( at least inspired ) names made by non english speakers, 
  we get 20 \u00b0 c ~ a lot of the time now, 
  not every day , it varies a lot, 
  a da, 
  in korean , you 'd often say ' * our * father/mother/brother / etc ' , but you mean ' * my * father/etc ' . 
  how is it not exclusive ` our ' ? 
  what would exclusive ` our ' be in that case ? 
  if you come from a monolingual background without having studied language or linguistics , learning any language will make you more aware of the things going on in your native language . 
  low effort . 
  invalescos is better , but way more expensive . 
  they both have their places i feel . 
  my proffessor back in sweden were the same , his knowledge was incredible , bur first year students could tell his pronunciation was really strange, 
  this could be good, 
  keep in mind that just about everything is closed during chuseok, 
  no she 's just dutch . 
  they 're all giants there, 
  why not pay a visit to sweden ? 
  stockholm is beautiful in the summer . 
  i have a normal cat . 
  he sits down just far enough from you so you cant reach him . 
  i have actually never tried surstr\u00f6mming ... sill och snaps is great though, 
  a very different kind of beauty , but yeah absolutely . 
  im not fantastic at korean yet , but not bad either . 
  one thing to note is that korean will rhyme really easy compared to english , as sentences ends with verbs , and verbs conjugate in strict patterns . 
  ( in average polite speak , all sentences ends with ` yo ' , this politeness level is usually not very common in rap though ) . 
  because of how easy and also limiting rhymes are , theyre not really seen as important as in foreign rap . 
  you do get a lot of it here and there , but its not something i would judge korean lyrics on . 
  rhyming vowel sounds hasnt really caught on either . 
  basically if you want intricate rhymes , stick with english . 
  as for beenzino , he speaks english , and uses it a lot in his lyrics , and it does make him a bit easier to compare to english rappers . 
  his flow is not fantastic though , he is decent . 
  his english use sometimes makes his lyrics less impressive , at least to me . 
  it kinda breaks the flow a bit because of how different it is to korean . 
  compare his verse in epik highs born hater with verbal jint , right after . 
  verbal jint sticks with korean for the most part , has way better flow and more complicated lyrics . 
  it might be a stylistic choice from him , using english that much to separate him from most rappers in korea . 
  although i personally would like his stuff more if he held back on that . 
  kim is her house though , her first name is yojong i think, 
  he has two actually, 
  back when i was new to korean i did n't really have the confidence to speak it outside of class , even though my spoken korean actually was better than my written . 
  probably due to being an introverted swede ... 
  anyway , during that time there were korean exchange students studying swedish at my university , and we usually hung out together . 
  they had the same issue with confidence ( although their written swedish was way better than their spoken . ), 
  so we 'd usually meet halfway speaking our native language , and listening in our target language . 
  however , everytime we drank together we used the increased confidence to speak our target language instead . 
  you could tell when people started to get drunk when the languages switched . 
  we got a lot of strange looks at the subway from people thinking they 've gone mad when the asians were speaking swedish to the swedes , who were speaking some asian language back . 
  yep !, 
  i never said he was bad , but my opinion is that there are others with far better flow in korean hiphop . 
  sure he is versatile , but he has his style , which is quite distinct , and he usually sticks to it . 
  and korean rappers who speak english definitely use it more than others , beenzino being one of them . 
  i personally do n't like mixing languages in music very much , others do , and that 's fine . 
  you add sockets in order with vorici , adding another socket that way doesnt reroll the existing ones , so you repeat 2 socket , 3 socket , 2 socket etc until you got the color you want , then 3 socket 4 socket 3 socket etc. . 
  im playing the barber lon build that was broken on the beta a while back . 
  feels really good so far, 
  people finish the tree thinking they 're fluent , and get lost 10 seconds into their first conversation in their target language . 
  it does n't really teach you how to communicate, 
  surely this is intelligent design, 
  you dont need it though , its really good , but its not build enabling in any way, 
  for softcore 6k is enough for most things , unless you push for 100, 
  right so for hc lifebuilds are kinda underwhelming at the moment . 
  it 's fine for someone who is new to the game , ( or the opposite , if you know really well what you are doing ) but if you wan na push for endgame stuff you 're better of getting into ci characters tbh . 
  where in seoul are you ? 
  swedish stopped using titles and adressing people in 3rd person in the 60s , switching to a universal ` you ' to anyone regardless of who they were . 
  all chords have their place . 
  sometimes you simply dont want the ringing open chords, 
  keep in mind that most girls on this subreddit are korean , and not japanese , thus there is no connection to bushido . 
  oh haha , well that makes sense . 
  they can be tricky to beginners . 
  there are elitist people who think barre chords are like cheating though , which is prob why you got the downvotes, 
  in this case it 's probably because the real word is `` legitimately '' , and not `` legitly '' . 
  as for socializing , of course speaking the language will help . 
  there are english speaking meetups all over seoul though . 
  a mix between that * sugarman * show and roommate , essentially . 
  yeah , ` legit ' is a slang word originating from ` legitimately ' , legitly is a word originating from people who do n't know that legit comes from legitimately . 
  for sure , people take his `` i 'm god '' persona a bit too serious . 
  he 's a great guy . 
  at my local pcbang i get 180 stable to california . 
  i get about 130 to singapore , but singapore ping just goes up and down all the time so it 's unplayable, 
  i hope this can happen . 
  i love poe but the ping is horrible . 
  the best option should not have to be a server across the pacific ocean ... 
  still not low enough for lockstep , also it twitches up and down all the time , making it horrible . 
  watch your profamity, 
  we have to play on a server 9,400 kilometers away because that 's the only thing that 's playable , and then you guys tells us to leave feelsbadman, 
  not a troll . 
  really . 
  people get pissed when they get tackled much even without thinking they 're the great themselves . 
  that 's not an ego thing , that 's a competitive sportsman thing . 
  aww i got excited for a moment there ... 
  people have bitten , headbutted , dropkicked players on the pitch as well .
