  you could link your profile here if you want more advice as well, 
  i studied spanish as a 3rd language for 4 years until highschool , where i studied chinese instead , for 3 years , and then in uni im in my 2nd year studying korean . 
  i totally gave up on spanish , my chinese is super basic , and im intermediate/conversational in korean . 
  i dont think ill be working on my chinese again until im at least decently fluent in korean . 
  i do like chinese , but i feel like i would get a better roi from studying korean full time . 
  its probably due to the fact that they establish a positive relation towards the wgm couples by watching the show , whereas real couples appear out of nowhere and so it becomes harder to like them, 
  bis pieces , but not bis rolls . 
  totally agree . 
  the romanizations being awkward is due to the number of different standards . 
  there are generally two main ones right now , revised romanization , the most common one , and mccune-reischauer , usually used in academics . 
  they both have their flaws , and i would honestly say that it might not just be more useful in the long run to learn hangul , it might even be easier . 
  usually though , when you are familiar with these two , only names will be exceptions . 
  for \ub5a1\ubcf6\uc774 it would be `` tteokbokki '' in revised , `` tt\u014fkpokki '' in mccune , and `` ddeokbokki '' , perhaps the most common way to spell it , using an older standard still , because it 's a name of something . 
  `` hangul '' as a word is slightly annoying , as it 's using an older standard as well , but is n't very obvious about it . 
  in revised romanization , `` hangul '' would be \ud55c\uad74 , which is wrong . 
  it should be \ud55c\uae00 which would be `` hangeul '' . 
  using that standard , which is common in names , you 'd use `` oo '' for \u315c , thus avoiding confusion . 
  tl ; dr hangul makes so much more sense in every way . 
  back in the beta i played hc because thats what everyone was playing then , but i took a long break and just came back for this current league , and the performance makes it unplayable in hc for me , using the exact same pc as before . 
  if i would play hc i wouldnt be able to use strongboxes or perandus chests , because its almost 50 % chance that ill die in a spike when opening/getting close to them . 
  i have now built my character quite tanky and use my vaal spark just before opening boxes or getting close to the perandus chests , and i tend to survive most spikes . 
  but hc is not possible for me with my current pc setup , because of these two things , but it still works fine in all other cases . 
  [ to-ya - \ubd10 ( look ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knqw-z5ilbu ), 
  just continue speaking the language you want and let them do whatever . 
  some will switch back and some wont . 
  when you get better more and more people will speak with you without switching . 
  i have some exchange student friends from korea who are learning swedish , and they speak some swedish , and a lot of english to the korean learners in the year below me , but almost never to me . 
  i asked them why and they said its because my korean is too good ( when it really is n't ... yet ) . 
  i think its because im persistant in not switching to english/swedish . 
  actually one of them heard me speak swedish on the phone one time and she said my swedish was so good , and i didnt get what she meant , but apparently she had never heard me speak anything but korean before , so she was surprised . 
  this subreddit is about the swedish language , you should try / r/sweden instead . 
  well , of course . 
  i 've honestly never been to that subreddit , but yeah , that 's even better . 
  yo this my jam, 
  korea/taiwan seems to have gotten hit as well , korean streamer danta used to have r1 in the region before but he 's not there anymore . 
  sad to see so many people involved in this mess ... 
  well i have not seen any confirmation , but his r1 clear is gone at least , so i would assume he is indeed banned, 
  from what ive heard he got banned for the maphack overlay and not botting , but who knows ... 
  you can see parts of the map that you havent explored yet , thus maphack . 
  you can see things like elite mob spells aoe and shit on the ground even when there is tons of mobs around . 
  among many other things . 
  its an amazing tool , and it is definitely against the tos . 
  to say that this overlay does not give you an unfair advantage is naive . 
  lollicam is one that ive seen, 
  afaik the map has different tiles that it generates a map with , and the overlay knows right away which tile it sees , so it displays it on your minimap , thus you cant see the whole map , but parts of it , and youll see dead ends , and if there are any mobs there , as well as shrinre spawn locations . 
  its a ton of extra information that aids you in grift clears . 
  and yeah , a lot of things are just quality of life changes that imo should be in the game , but all together its definitely a cheat . 
  that being said i decided to play this season entirely without it and i dont really miss it . 
  i dont get those that say they wont play s6 without it , its a useful tool , but the game is still great as it is . 
  he 's still on the show , but i do n't think anyone is subbing it at the moment . 
  there is a lot of older episodes subbed though . 
  jyp reminds me of that 4chan frog in this picture, 
  pretty sure invoker is beating lon in the ptr, 
  there really isnt many people playing without the expansion these days im afraid . 
  ive heard that you can postpone it until 27 or something, 
  i try to say the names in a way that the listener would understand , sometimes its the original way , sometimes its a modified way . 
  many melee ( projectile ) builds would love this, 
  good job !, 
  but you should know that progression will slow down a lot once you reach the 70s , dont give up when it does , alright ? 
  the only literature that i can find suggesting it does are either : without source , referring to pages containing anti-vaccination/anti-gluten bullshit , or just anecdotal . 
  you might have to provide some context for this , `` det \u00e4r bra '' means `` it 's good '' , and `` det \u00e4r bra det '' is an expression which would mean something like `` well thats good '' , but on its own like that is a bit strange . 
  yeah , well actually going by revised romanization saesang would be \uc0c8\uc0c1 , which is n't even a word afaik . 
  \uc138\uc0c1 should be sesang, 
  there is also this one https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_worlds_theory, 
  atm on ptr leaderboards, 
  korean hip hop, 
  true , but up until the discovery of static charge . 
  i also think static charge was probably way stronger than intended . 
  wow this is great !, 
  you learn from your mistakes , right ? 
  in your case you will learn even more !, 
  i wish i had something stupid like this to blame, 
  for clearer view , the [ source video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkiaucijhv0 ) between 1:10 and 1:30 will give you a couple shots . 
  or even better , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne14c5meudu ) he 's wearing it throughout the whole vid . 
  this is totally kpop airport fashion, 
  i assume you mean \uacbd\ucc30\uc11c and \ubc15\ubb3c\uad00 . 
  the difference is the hanja used . 
  \u7f72 is \uc11c and \u9928 is \uad00 . i 'm not sure exactly what the difference in meaning between the two is though , but they both mean some kind of building . 
  iirc \uad00 is something public and \uc11c is something official , or something along those lines . 
  there 's loads of hanja meaning essentially the same thing today , but they were used to indicate certain differences in the past . 
  i found that playing too much with my main attacks on my mouse made my right wrist hurt , with any class/build , while my left hand was just handling the cooldown spells . 
  i swapped it to have force move on w , and main attack on e , to sort of offset my right hand from doing essentially all the work . 
  i still have to use the mouse for a lot of things , but now it 's a lot better distributed , which i feel helps in long gaming sessions . 
  dude do n't forget 21 though, 
  d\u039e\u0394n - 130 mood : trbl, 
  and how little we would have without it !, 
  ptr , dota2, 
  are you gon na play this season ? 
  hunters did negligible dps in vanilla either way . 
  you needed them for tranq shot, 
  the main issue is that we ca n't even discuss the refugee issue without being called nazis . 
  i support taking care of refugees to a certain extent , but not like this . 
  we 've gone through shit like banning our national anthem in schools because it 's `` racist '' or `` xenophobic '' , which is batshit crazy . 
  we live in sweden , we love our sweden , but supposedly we ca n't do that because it 's somehow offensive , to the people who left their countries to come to sweden . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i do not vote for the swedish nationalist party , because there is so much shit going on in there still , but if shit like this continues i hope those guys get their shit together soon , or better yet , that the rest of our politicians would wake up from this pc nightmare . 
  no they are definitely a real party , but i should n't have to vote for nationalists in order to talk about immigration . 
  switching party every 4 years just to target the current issue because no one else will have the discussion would be some reactionary wack-a-mole politics which would n't get us anywhere in the long run . 
  well we did , but it 's not super recent news , the articles in swedish media are from the 1st february . 
  well , i 've got decent swedish sources if you want to give it a go ...
