  sometimes synced , sometimes romanized and sometimes in hangul, 
  lol, 
  with 8 hours of sleep you could play for another 4 hours a day , stop slacking kappa, 
  their falsetto is sick yo, 
  on my dart wd i play with area dmg in 70 + without too much lag ( unless you find yourself with a 20 % + progression pack ... ) , and i feel that the damage it gives is too much to skip . 
  i noticed that life on hit seems to cause lag as well , and as it really does n't matter much in a group with a healmonk , it 's how i play these days . 
  i made a comment about me using ad in grifts just before , but ill add that sometimes public groups refuse to let me have area dmg , but they are running with it in their paragons as supports , because they `` dont do dmg it doesnt matter '' which seems like bullshit to me , as long as there is some dmg to be area 'd it causes calculations , right ? 
  next step boys -  / r/korean, 
  he 's swedish so yes, 
  in sweden during the winter half year i might catch the sun on days where my class starts at 10 and ends at 2 ... 
  dart really shines in groups , without esoteric , utilizing the support players and an swk very well , due to being squise ans having insane single target dps . 
  helltooth does better in solo on average , but carn can definitely reach really high with the right rift/mobs , but we are squishy as hell ... 
  did vajet get banned btw ? 
  on his profile on diabloprogress it says he has n't played for 27 days . 
  the chinese play with a censored client , sort of low violence , no skeleton kinda censoring , so their icons are slightly different, 
  yep , i mean we might be ahead of the curve , who knows , but you can still pay with cash just about everywhere . 
  in integrated korean , the explanation for ~ \uc9c0\uc694 ? 
  is `` a request for confirmation or agreement about what the speaker believes to be true . '', 
  `` the english equivalent would be something like ' ... , is n't it ? ', 
  personally i come from a jazz background , rock and that kind of music was only a small phase for me , but i found that the jazz-soul kinda hiphop that is quite popular in korea these days fit my tastes pretty well . 
  ( primary , zion t , that kind of music ) so i listen to that as well as jazz these days . 
  i check out some of the popular kpop songs as well because its in a similar place , but i feel about the same for it as i do with other western pop music ( american or swedish , being swedish myself ) . 
  if you go to the usual tourist places you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  but keep your stuff close to you and do n't put things where you ca n't see them , tourists are easy pray for pickpockets , a friend of mine lost multiple expensive electronic devices on his euro trip because he was n't being careful . 
  yay scandinavia !, 
  the only thing that costs for memrise is their premium option , which you really dont need, 
  in swedish it 's voff voff, 
  and there is another app called chineseskill which basically is an off-brand duolingo for english to mandarin . 
  i learnt it as my second language and i have no idea how i managed to do that . 
  i assume he means korean subtitles during the whole thing , ( maybe along with english ? 
  not sure . ), 
  helps a lot when learning a language . 
  i have n't seen unpretty rapstar , but i just recently watched jyp sixteen and they had korean subtitles for everything they said . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i see double when i look at things further away than ~ 2 meters , and i see things like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/diplopia.jpg ) ( although the picture is at a close distance , you get the idea . 
  it fucking sucks . 
  ususally i need to choose which eye to use as my main eye , because both just wont cooperate . 
  it can be an issue when i focus on something with my right eye , and then my left eye , which has a slightly offset image , sees something that looks like it is in my right eye 's view , but is n't , and then i have to reestablish where things are . 
  i 'm purposely not learning how to drive until this gets better ... 
  i think is has something to do with my sight becomeing worse , as it started when i was started to need glasses so see further away . 
  when i wear glasses it gets better , but far from good ( like the distance where i can see normally , gets longer ) 3d movies can be a complete waste of time/money ... reading books/on my phone for a longer time makes it a lot worse as well , but just temporarily . 
  confidence is key for sure , it will help you on so many levels . 
  if you feel that what you are doing is right , then you just need to keep on doing what you are doing and feel proud of it . 
  if you feel that what you are doing is n't right , you might need to change your lifestyle in order to be naturally confident . 
  people like people who are confident , but stay the fuck away from arrogance . 
  you got ta know how to separate them . 
  for example , not taking care of health/hygiene is not anything to be proud of , but if you take care about your appearance , as in working out , decent haircuts , clothes that fit you etc , you will feel more confident . 
  if you spend most of your time on reddit , play computer games or watch movies/tv alone in your room , you do n't have a lot to be proud of , right ? 
  some reddit is fine , it 's a great entertainment/tool for learning etc , and so is movies , but if you take it too far you wo n't be awesome . 
  no matter how fun it can be to play league all day , no one outside of your computer will think that 's awesome . 
  play in moderation . 
  there are hobbies and interests that can make you `` feel '' awesome . 
  sports and music are just great , super fun , rewarding , mentally and physically , and if you do n't brag or look down on people who are worse than you , you 'll benefit from it a lot . 
  also , work on yourself . 
  try to learn things , try to study , try to be nicer , try to make others feel great about themselves , try to engage in social things ( can be extremely hard to do if you have been a lonely kid for a long time , but if people around you would describe you as `` an ok guy , kinda quiet but he 's cool '' they would probably be glad to bring you in on doing fun things . ), 
  i used to be a lonely kid , i stayed for myself most of the time , until i realized that i was just like most other kids , except i did n't think i was . 
  the best way to make people appreciate you is to appreciate them . 
  try to be liked by as many as possible , by simply being likeable . 
  learn to be comfortable outside your comfort zone ( usually by going out there more often , if you get used to not be in your safe little bubble you 'll find out the outside can be just as good , and maybe you 'll learn to appreciate the safeness and comfort of your home and family even more . ) . 
  this turned out to be quite long , oops . 
  i hope you can find some good advice from this at least !, 
  never stop learning !, 
  well to be fair the romanization for hyundai is a bit strange , maybe it 's their decision to make it sound different , idk . 
  but using the revised romanization it would be hyeondae , which is still an awful representation of the pronunciation , unless you know that the `` eo '' and `` ae '' are supposed to be one-vowel sounds and not diphthongs . 
  maybe hyundeh would work better , i 'm not a native english speaker ( or korean for that matter ) but that 's how i would romanize it for english if i ignored the current established system . 
  hy\u00e5nnd\u00e4 would probably be the swedish romanization , while we 're at the subject of swedish words . 
  uhh not quite , try this , hit the little speaker icon . 
  the `` dai '' is more like `` deh '' rather than `` die '' https://translate.google.se/#auto/en/%ed%98%84%eb%8c%80, 
  usually people write the \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 in very different ways in sweden . 
  as long as you can tell which letter you are writing it 's fine . 
  i personally write the ring as a dot , i write the dots on \u00e4 and \u00f6 with a line . 
  now my handwriting is not fantastic by any means , but it 's readable , and that 's what 's important . 
  [ a quick mspaint of the more common ways . 
  yes , but e as the last letter in words is not always enphasized enough . 
  in many words , a final e doesnt even make a sound . 
  rate , late , fate , change . 
  i use the eh end because it usually helps in making the vowel get the correct emphasis , if you know what i mean . 
  also the swedish \u00e4 has two sounds , the short one being like e in bed , but the long one being more like the ai in fair . 
  english vowels are strange ... 
  that 's a beautiful word . 
  the age thing is important in order to know which level of formality they should use while speaking to you . 
  as for people being helpful , they often are , but sometimes they just say `` no english '' and quickly run away , even if you ask in korean . 
  foreigners can be intimidating . 
  i 'm studying korean at uni now , at first it was mostly as a small one semester break from my business studies , as i 've always liked languages and korean culture felt kinda new and fresh . 
  then my interest for it started to snowball , korean media and pop culture became a bigger and bigger part of my life , and nowadays i 'm spending most of my free time with friends from korea , or others also studying the language . 
  i 've now reached the point where my korean studies are catching up to my business studies , and i 'm aiming for a year abroad in korea and later on a double major in korean and business . 
  learning korean has so far opened doors to a very exiting culture that was previously very hidden from me , i 've met many great friends along the way , and i 've become a lot more social , which felt impossible just two years ago , being a very introverted swedish kid without a lot of motivation to change . 
  for the chinese ( these are robots , so take it with a pinch of salt ) pronunciation , hit the little speaker icon, 
  and for the korean pronunciation :, 
  the reason they are different is that translations of names can be really difficult , especially from different writing systems , like hanzi to hangul , and she uses the korean pronunciation because it 's much more convenient in korea , obviously . 
  \uadf8\ub0e5 \uadf8\ub798 might be your style as well, 
  nothing gets me as motivated to study as hanging out with my native speaker friends . 
  as for the actual learning , i take classes , so theres always something in my books that i can work on . 
  when i studied econony 2 years ago i felt exactly like that , all alone in a class of about 600 people , it started to get really tough with depression and what not , so i decided to take a break from economy and just study a language , and i havent had this much fun and this many friends since preschool . 
  i realized that economy is not something that i care about , and so i never tried to get to know the people around me , who obviously cared , they would talk about economy in the breaks and all i wanted was to go home . 
  nowadays as long as we study the same language i can find something to talk about . 
  i just hope that i can make some use of these classes later on , but at least i feel great now , and im getting top grades instead of barely passing . 
  a change of environment can make a huge difference . 
  this is great if you are new to language learning , personally i knew most of it already , but still a great read . 
  short and informative . 
  the only thing that i do n't like about this kind of advice is that lessons are usually described as a bad way of learning and a waste of money , but i think that if you combine these tips with lessons you are going to get great value out of your lessons .
