  lol works by being like a word and not just random letters . 
  wtf doesnt have any vowels so you cant say it like a word . 
  nasa and nsa works the same , you have to say `` en ess ay '' , but you can say `` nasa '' , instead of `` en ay ess ay '', 
  the \uace0 \uc788\ub2e4 should be attached after \uc77c\ud558\ub2e4 and before \uc5b4\uc57c \ud558\ub2e4 / \ub418\ub2e4 to indicate that you ` should ( be working ) ' instead of ` being ( should work ) ', 
  ue dh is really strong at t10, 
  he doesnt tend to play heroes ? 
  then what does he play ? 
  champions ? 
  especially in china if you dont speak the language . 
  i play in korea , and while i do speak korean ( decently ) im not as fast as the others to articulate my thoughts so i usually just follow orders . 
  its definitely frustrating at times . 
  tviq said on stream though that playing competitive in china and korea is more developed than eu and us . 
  a lot of pros use the lucio speed along with nano to get the most out of it , in pubs thats not always easy to coordinate so it might have a big effect there , but pros might be able to use it anyways, 
  its not hard , it takes time . 
  clearing a rank 1 grift is hard , getting the gear and rift for that clear takes time , but is not hard . 
  normally if you are at the place you ordered it from you can leave it at the counter and they will take care of it . 
  if you are outside you will have to wait until you find a trashcan/take it home with you . 
  sometimes people will put their thrash among the trashbags that you can see on the ground outside buildings , but i 'm pretty sure you are not actually supposed to do that . 
  the \uc774 , \uac00 / \uc740 , \ub294 thing is complicated , you could write a thesis on it , or so i 've heard . 
  depending on context you can use both , but on its own like that i feel like it \uc774 fits better . 
  etc, 
  virtually everyone thats not a small child in stockholm will speak fluent english , with different levels of accent . 
  i ca n't speak for places outside of stockholm though . 
  possibly true , i said that i ca n't speak for places outside of stockholm because i come from stockholm and do n't know much about the english proficiency in other parts of the country . 
  i 'm not aware of any statistics about this that sweden does apart from the national tests in year 9 of school . 
  the porblem with those results though are that the big cities in general score higher , not just in english . 
  if you want a bit more grammar focus , but still keeping it free and easy i would suggest duolingo . 
  i remember seeing mendo play and winning 2 points per game and losing about 30-40 something . 
  at high mmr some things are sketchy, 
  pretty sure some bosses tps to you anyways , no ? 
  try r/sweden instead , this sub is about the language . 
  good luck !, 
  didnt have space in my bags to bring more , so only my beaters right now ... 
  this happens to a lot of people , but its usually a lack of learning self control , because kids are different in school and school needs to make sure everyone follows along , so the lazy upper half of the kids can get this issue . 
  you do n't need to be smart , you need to be lazy and above average amongst kids . 
  canada and sweden are basically the same, 
  dude koreans have great mechanical skill.they do not win things in dota either , because dota is not a big game in korea , even though its similar to lol . 
  its the same with cs go . 
  as long as korea doesnt care about csgo they wont dominate . 
  right now overwatch is the biggest game in korea and the west will struggle to keep up at this point . 
  if i need something to listen to in the background but cant think of any music i put on a video of his . 
  they 're always long and filled with constant talking . 
  great stuff, 
  my roommate is mexican and its crazy similar actually, 
  in softcore you push beyond what should be possible for your current setup , you sacrifice survivability for extra damage and try to play better to avoid death . 
  sure you could drop a few levels and have a safe clear , but pushing is about going further , until you just ca n't possibly make it anymore . 
  sure takes a real man to play passive and slow . 
  before you get a proper set thats the way to go , you need to tank up when you reach the 70s and up though . 
  this is great, 
  in swedish we usually say that you have your thumb in the middle of your hand, 
  they dont scale well with supports basically . 
  the monk wd dps setup is just way better atm, 
  they do , but not nearly as much as wd/monk . 
  this game is all about scaling , which is why 3 supp meta has been a thing for so long . 
  not always , it might change when there is a new patch if something significant is changed , but it doesnt look like it will . 
  the 4man meta used to change every season when blizz put out a balance patch , but now it looks like they 're not gon na change much anymore, 
  sometimes i swap to dps if im solo healing my best and only getting complains . 
  if were gon na lose for sure i might as well have fun and practice my aim while at it ... 
  swap to hanzo, 
  it feels more natural to put \uacf5\ubd80 and \ud558\ub2e4 together though, 
  she was taking the super hard test before uni iirc , and it should 've ended 9 hours ago i think , so maybe there is some kind of update ? 
  the new ones are not completely useless , wd and crus solo meta looks changed at least, 
  when everything scales with everything , it becomes quite tricky . 
  even in wow , where gear doesnt scale nearly as much , balancing is changing with every patch . 
  most pros that are queuing korean servers are doing so because they are in korea playing at apex though . 
  but yeah , most pros have said that the korean server is better than eu/na at high sr. 
  i play on the korean servers but im not even plat here so what do i know, 
  one thing you could do is to establish that you are learning/practising at the start of the conversation . 
  usually we switch to make things easier for foreigners , if you are trying to learn we are more eager to help, 
  well , players want powercreep , with diablo where everything scales , there is no other way really . 
  at normal diff , level 1 things literally have like 1 life . 
  you 'd have to do some fancy number crunch to make things work at high and low levels/diff . 
  it 's really strong , stronger than lon bomb . 
  lon bomb is at 104 with 4.5 k para on live nonseason , and ptr has got a 103 ( or 104 ? 
  dont remember really , also do n't remember the paragon ) after what , a week or two of fishing ? 
  safe to say , it 's not gon na be a competition , lon bomb is the worse setup for higher grifts next season . 
  on another note though , the new wd dagger is crazy good . 
  the reason lon bomb does n't make the group meta is that it does n't scale with supports nearly as well as other specs . 
  it 's really good solo but you ca n't push it that much further . 
  i think we might see lon wd and seeker crus as dps next season if nothing is changed . 
  both setups are doing really good on the ptr, 
  ptr is always underperforming though , if nothing is changed people will push seeker further, 
  people have played this game too much man they want new shit idk i played since vanilla release and its still fun, 
  there is not really a different `` cap '' for solo players , you just need to farm more , fish more , play better . 
  ( you might not be able to compete for rank 1s though ) you will be limited a bit with gem levels compared to group players but you can still push way higher than 75 , different specs being easier than others . 
  i did a 82 solo the other season on lon crusader , playing solo since the season started , if that info helps, 
  back in my days we played games that never got updates and we loved it . 
  if i 'd pay per month sure but i bought this game years ago why would i keep getting more stuff ? 
  if you are bored play a different game until you feel like coming back . 
  someone has done 106 wd solo on ptr non season like a week after release, 
  bomb crusader can do relatively high with only yellows though, 
  just because someone is a native speaker does n't mean their writing is flawless . 
  many native speakers make mistakes , in all languages . 
  do n't be too loud on the subway , eapecially on line1, 
  \uc774 and \uac00 are subject particles . 
  \uc774\uac83 is without a particle . 
  sometimes you need to use particles sometimes its not needed . 
  its an old game with a one time payment , it should be `` dead '' with only the biggest fans still playing at this point, 
  jokes aside though , love your videos , keep em coming !, 
  lets hope its not an accidental pregnancy ... i want the best for her but idk,
