  seems like everyone who says that only heard it from somewhere . 
  tons of people like always . 
  right , the people who stand outside the stores are always shouting stuff in chinese all over the place . 
  if not for the kpop blasting out from the stores it feels quite like china at times . 
  totally understandable that koreans tend to avoid the place . 
  means something like `` what 's wrong with you ? '', 
  i do n't think it 's limited to g\u00f6teborg . 
  me too , it 's too hard to find a name that is n't already taken in online games these days , so i just slam my hands on the keyboard to make things easy ... 
  the pcbangs do n't give out accounts , you use your own id , but all game licences are unlocked at the pcbang . 
  the issue was that you could make a na account without ssn and play at the pcbangs for free . 
  however , they changed that recently , so foreign non-ssn accounts do not get licences for free at pcbangs anymore . 
  the big issue was that blizz banwaves was so uncommon . 
  you need level 25 to play ranked , but you could find blatant hackers at level 100 + . 
  i guess part of the reason blizz did n't ban a lot was because the innate problems of unlimited free accounts made it kinda useless . 
  ( it never was unplayably bad though , only was a big issue at master level + really . ), 
  source : live in seoul, 
  you are very wrong about it not hurting anyone . 
  since d3 ladder is competitive among all players , botters completely ruined the integrity of the entire d3 engame . 
  people felt like you could only have a shot at the leaderboards if you had your bot farm for you when you slept . 
  i agree , but in the case of korea , they really need to change arc id registration for foreigner names . 
  it 's pretty bad currently . 
  you usually need to call your net provider after you registered and have them text your name exactly how it 's written in their system to have it match . 
  ( and even then it sometimes takes a few tries ) it 's extremely frustrating to have the system tell you that your name is wrong . 
  since you need this identification to use any internet service here it really needs to be more compatible with non-korean names . 
  smorgasbord and ombudsman , loanwords from swedish ( or scandinavian at least ? ) . 
  just feels too random . 
  i decided to make some corrections . 
  did n't want to change things too much , as it should still be your text . 
  some things might still not be 100 % correct or natural , but should still be mostly acceptable now . 
  i put some things in brackets that i 'm a bit uncertain about , or things that are up to you to decide . 
  i 'm not a swedish teacher , so i mostly correct by what i feel to be right , i also have not seen the movie . 
  all in all i 'd say you did a pretty good job , some phrasings are awkward when they come directly from english , but that is something you 'll learn through experience . 
  reading a lot will help !, 
  let the right one in, 
  oskar is a very shy 12 year old boy without any friends , and he gets bullied a lot in school . 
  he fantasizes about killing them but does n't actually do anything . 
  a girl called eli and an old man , h\u00e5kan move in next door to oskar . 
  for some unknown reason , h\u00e5kan is eli 's ` blood-delivery man ' , and he dies by offering his blood to eli . 
  oskar realizes that eli is a vampire and he 's upset that she kills other people . 
  eli reminds him that he wants to kill other people too . 
  the bullies try to drown oskar in the swimming pool but eli saves him by killing all of the bullies except andreas . 
  feels slightly weird to adress him just by name , as if the reader would understand who it is without introduction . ), 
  one of the main characters is an outcast , like in a lot of other swedish movies . 
  although this is a vampire movie , i think it 's more of a love story . 
  oskar needs eli to feel accepted and protected from the bullies , eli needs oskar because humans can do things that vampires ca n't . 
  their differences make them a good couple . 
  i ca n't decide if the ending is meant to be happy or creepy . 
  it 's happy because they overcome their problems together . 
  it 's creepy because eli never grows old , and one day oskar could become h\u00e5kan , the cycle repeating itself over and over again . 
  oh no , seems like i was too late ... do n't give up dude !, 
  ( assuming you used `` then '' . 
  ` and then ' can mean ` och d\u00e5 ' as well as ` och sen ' , first one meaning ` and at that time ' , second meaning ` and afterwards ' ), 
  uhh no , * anything * is not bannable . 
  bannable is referring to anything breaking the tos . 
  having the letter a in your name is not against the tos . 
  it 's true that blizzard * can * do whatever they want with their product , but they follow their tos . 
  thud is bannable , as it is a 3rd party program , which breaks the tos . 
  it 's no point bringing in bullshit technicalities into this discussion . 
  they * could * shut down all their servers because you use thud as well , but that is a bullshit statement and does n't belong here . 
  almost guaranteed . 
  we 're talking about korea here . 
  as they are idols they probably do n't go too crazy about it , but i 'm sure they drink , just like everybody else in this country . 
  it 's not really hard to trade in poe though , it 's just kinda inconvenient . 
  poe really is ( a bit too ) similar to vanilla d3 . 
  your best way of getting geared is doing fast easy dried lake runs and then buying all the shit you need . 
  arpgs was supposed to be about killing shit and getting rewarded with loot for it , not farming easy money and buying the stuff you need . 
  it 's also so much more efficient to buy stuff for your orbs than to craft with them . 
  both looting and crafting are completely overshadowed by trading right now . 
  i do like trading , if it 's on a small scale . 
  not the big market auction house kinda system that we actually have now with poe trade . 
  i 'd argue that trading in poe is removing too much already , which is why i play ssf . 
  it is ` beh\u00f6vs ' with \u00f6 , but other than that they 're both fine . 
  dont worry , those hecks were good . 
  i laughed, 
  shes a perfect 5/7 for sure, 
  also two korean weapons , in-geom and eun-jang-do, 
  might be snapchat or some other vertical video based thing, 
  chinese skin color racism is real btw, 
  didnt zizaran have some hc guide ? 
  i learned to speak english when i was young , way before i could read or write it , but had to go through standard english education in school anyways , and i found that reading books were the only thing that really taught me anything . 
  writing was annoying because of how different spoken and written english is , korean is a bit better on that part , but i 'd assume reading will still be the best . 
  i do n't even play hearthstone but that was beautiful . 
  but you do not own all of it . 
  the servers and the updates are there for you to use after the purchase , and because of that they have a tos . 
  you essentially buy access to their services . 
  if it was an offline single player game they would not ban you for thud . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable . 
  funny you would say that , as english is the language with the most amount of loanwords . 
  these threads are so depressing if you live in korea as everything on youtube is blocked :(, 
  if you have completed the campaign before you should have access to adv mode, 
  on a related note , knights and vikings both have english names , whats up with that ? 
  i 've tried but the ones i 've found are either slow as hell or with ( very ) limited bandwidth . 
  would work for text based things , but not video compilations like this, 
  when i go see my grandma she asks me who i am and what i 'm doing there ... dementia sucks . 
  i guess i should be glad that i * can * meet her at least, 
  sounds like gnarly skateboard tricks, 
  do them in standard on some char you died on , learn the shit , get comfortable , do it next league for real ? 
  i ca n't really help you with how the names sound , as i do n't really have a feel for names yet . 
  but you should keep in mind that the translations you 're talking about , the meaning behind the names , are based on hanja . 
  many names are homonyms , so the hangul part can be translated in several ways .
