  of course you can , just make sure you do n't stay up all night because it 's so thrilling in hc , 
  if you choose to continue in softcore you 're the one not being hc . 
  just like you can choose if you want to make a character in hc or sc you can choose if you want to pussy out or reroll hc . 
  to me this is more hardcore , when you are forced to make a difficult choice like that as a proof of your true core . 
  if you are so weak that you ca n't resist letting go off your character , perhaps you 're not as hc as you think ? 
  you can transfer loot and yes it 's not the same kind of hc as diablo , for example , and i definitely understand if that feels boring to some , but the way i see it , this method is great for making people interested is hc , and its not necessarily less hc at an individual level as all you got ta do is delete the character . 
  since sc and hc are separate leagues being moved to softcore is essentially the same as losing the character , unless you do n't mind losing the ability to play with friends , climbing the default ladder instead , the hassle of transferring all your stuff , and losing the thrill of hc . 
  to me that feels like remaking the character in sc , which i never would do . 
  if you would continue in sc it 's your choice to not play hc anymore . 
  the hc/sc is depending on you . 
  if you ca n't let the character go you 're the one not being hc enough . 
  well it 's your choice , although there is no need to invest money , there 's no point in playing if you do n't enjoy it . 
  you could think about creating a build that would survive the occasional desync , as long as you use / oos regularly those big several screen desyncs wo n't happen . 
  worst case scenario you might have a very tanky character when they fix the problem somewhat . 
  i know i 'll continue playing , as i still have more fun in this game than any other , desync or not . 
  i want to hug him, 
  sorry i cant read your comment with my 10 dick foot in the way, 
  asian beaver, 
  that would actually be fun . 
  i have a cup with a little frog sitting in the bottom , in 3d , as an actual little figure , its fun when someone does n't know about it and freak out when there is something sticking out of their coffee, 
  who is this guy and what does he have to do with your name ? 
  its a diaper and leggins, 
  be glad you 're not on hc then , gameplay is really really slow in dangerous places , especially caves with smaller rooms . 
  or die and lose all the progress instantly, 
  he seems comfortable with himself . 
  thick socks man , thick socks . 
  haha why would you say no homo, 
  let the horse wield the moustache , it will be glorious, 
  he 's the op , so it does n't matter, 
  some pants are worth fighting for, 
  you sound like a keeper . 
  lustiga huset anyone ? 
  perhaps it 's just not that recent, 
  poof to the hooked one :d, 
  brewmaster is better master . 
  a tip ; tuck the guitar cord in with the strap when you play live , if you step on the cord it will unplug otherwise . 
  like this . 
  coul n't find a better picture , but you get the idea . 
  it can be really embarassing if the guitar unplugs in the middle of a show , 
  source ? 
  could be referring to many other genres as well though . 
  you kinda want something that only refers to this type of game, 
  yeah !, 
  source ; i 'm fat . 
  not really though , i 'm actually really skinny , but i eat like i was fat, 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  came here to post this . 
  seems like i was too slow . 
  amazing tune !, 
  yeah , i do n't think you can get a nice sounding name that is also a description . 
  i call it an aos game , or just `` it 's like dota '' if it 's not already referring to dota . 
  punk ? 
  please . 
  that 's pop-rock . 
  weihenstephaner ? 
  the clash , the ramones and sex pistols are the big 3 . 
  do n't get me wrong though , a lot of the pop-rock and pop-punk bands are great , and if you like that you should def continue listening to it . 
  especially p!atd imo , great songwriters and very nice productions . 
  just be careful calling it punk , most punk-listeners would n't be too happy with you . 
  oh , and do n't trust itunes about genres, 
  it 's fine , i 'll bring my clarinet . 
  seeing tits in real life is different though, 
  we have n't seen her boobs at all , though, 
  whole house wakes up !, 
  srsly though , mechanical is amazing . 
  so strongk, 
  sweden , old windows , winter , fuck nights . 
  its the reason i play haha, 
  not familiar with that term , care to explain ? 
  i got 90k . 
  i think you 're rich, 
  considering 07 does n't have f2p , i think eoc will have a bit more, 
  pokemans !, 
  make economy the new skill !, 
  it 's electronic, 
  jazz . 
  always jazz . 
  i 'm not the only one , right guys ? 
  right ... ? 
  great job . 
  very nice writing . 
  no bullshit , straight to the point , interesting and useful . 
  10/10 would read again . 
  this changes everything !, 
  and in japanese it 's hi, 
  eoc pays the game , 07 watches someone else play it ... 
  just got full armadyl from vocaliized when he did a giveaway on his stream . 
  my def is 60 and my ranged is 49 . 
  your way of roleplaying is a bit different than what 's common on those worlds though . 
  yours is more meta , i like it . 
  i zoomed in on her necklace to see if it was patrick . 
  perhaps it 's a joke about a joke , op wants us to stare at it looking for the joke when it 's just a random ss of nothing, 
  le downvote, 
  sadly shopped, 
  http://zverige.com/kingkong/ take a look at this . 
  still think it 's real ? 
  yeah , someone is pretty good with them photoshops, 
  yeah , would be so much fun , although i guess the pr people or whatever would n't be too happy, 
  he is a bit goofy , doesnt really like being a king , there was a lot of talk about him recently , calling him the `` stripclub-king '' because someone apperently had seen him there,
