  so do i. 
  they 're fine muted . 
  was n't it team as well ? 
  wow . 
  did not expect my answer to already be taken , and be top comment ... wp, 
  haha agree , anyone else doing that and it would 've been awkward , but mc does it like a baws . 
  although , `` should of '' is an incorrect way of saying `` should have '' and i would n't use it ... : /, 
  there 's a lot of people still asking why koreans go ww all the time . 
  i see what you did there . 
  rachel - * questionquestionquestion *, 
  mc - uhh ... what ? 
  just watched a video about them , it says that it 's the * models * that lags behind , and not the hitboxes ... 
  poor girl , she 's doing great for not being into sc at all . 
  she makes the muted stream very enjoyable as well , which most other interviewers ca n't . 
  awwww yeahhhh :d, 
  it 's asum, 
  i think the guy down to the right is my cousin : o, 
  yeah , incontrol can almost get as exited as day9 at times :p amazing finals !, 
  my grandmother rocks , if i 'm playing games all day , she comes up and says `` i 'm so proud of you , always working so hard ! '', 
  i just smile and nod , and continue playing . 
  my parents are more the common way though ... 
  * force-a-nature *, 
  ftfy, 
  is n't that the thing that happens when you press a certain key combination or something ? 
  bricks will be shat, 
  overkill , but pretty neat, 
  you need to get a mouse with custom dpi . 
  stairs are bad, 
  as a swede , i feel like the standard is higher in sweden/norway than in other countries . 
  i guess you could say that the highs are just as high as in other countries , but more frequent . 
  tap that ass, 
  giving it a try, 
  well , it seems that no clear right or wrong exitsts . 
  afaik , it came from `` zero killed '' during some war , which eventually got shortened to 0k and poof , there you have it . 
  it was used to say some sort of `` nothing happened '', 
  pop, 
  and , rise is awesome . 
  rebind it to another key and see if the problem still is there , if it is n't , it 's the keyboard being dumb . 
  fun idea , but considering most japanese names only consists of two kanji , most western names will be far too long . 
  try shorter nicknames , although ricky is still too long , it 'll probably look good as a last name if your name is like 4 letters long . 
  btw , tekushino and rikushino would be two commonly used names here on reddit, 
  i 'm so glad i do n't know what kinda subreddits are out there . 
  this , even though 3 of the im players were b teamers , the final was against mvp , so i 'd say that in terms of results vs koreans , qxc still wins . 
  the umlaut on the u is more german , just sayin ', 
  `` l\u00e4get , grabben '' is probably the closest, 
  wow , not really a big fan of rap , but that instrumental stuff was hella good . 
  edit : hmm , i think i have to rethink my view of this rap thing . 
  actually , what does it is that you do n't breath with your nose . 
  you suck, 
  it was different . 
  it was hosted on * imgur *, 
  i saw this live :p it 's at my school, 
  yeah , 
  as a gay man , so do i. 
  j/k , i 'm bisexual . 
  you are concern . 
  you are pretty eyes . 
  is this a joke or a awesome ? 
  is n't it even `` all your * base * are belong to us '' ? 
  got ta love the mustache, 
  shaolin monks i think, 
  jazz, 
  upvote for 335 . 
  that 's a strange gun , it shoots without anyone pulling the trigger , because clearly , your right hand is not holding the proper handle, 
  i got just as far , high five , 
  old , still laughed . 
  up 'd, 
  upvote for 335, 
  i am disappoint . 
  where is louis prima ? 
  holy fuck i clicked and screamed oh god who would do such a thing, 
  this sounds about right, 
  learn the minor pentatonic ( as mentioned ) , arpeggios , the major and minor scale , ( aeolian and ionian are different names for them ) find out how to play some licks from other solos . 
  that is the `` theory approach '' , but there is another one , which is to simply start playing the melody of the song/someones solo and then add/replace notes that sounds good , make it your own . 
  i find that the latter method gives more feeling , or `` soul '' as you put it , because the first way can easily make you just play random notes from the scale , without creating any melody . 
  the first method is way faster and easier though . 
  do as you like , 
  your definition of perfect is kinda odd , and by that i think no is the answer . 
  for a genre to be liked by everyone , the closest we have is the 4 chord pop songs we hear on the radio all the time . 
  imo , the perfect genre is something that is diverse , something i can listen to all day without being bored , something that can be relaxing and also want me to dance . 
  it 's individual . 
  for me it 's jazz , for someone else it 's metal . 
  dude , those are pretty heavy . 
  i 'm impressed you could flip it :p, 
  works like that spinning girl , the pyramid can spin both directions : o, 
  l2t . . uhh . . make . . t. . tea . . 
  you know, 
  i 'm swedish , i did n't even know the mexican flag looked like that . 
  let 's hope the spanish speaking europeans knows it better than i do . 
  jazz guitar , 
  knights of new , go go, 
  45 here , this made me feel a lot better :d, 
  68 here , still the same drive , best game i 've ever played . 
  am i the only one that just can not get that bridge to fall down ? 
  since i ca n't get out of the dungeon it 's kinda annoying ... 
  i stopped going to reddit . 
  oh wait no i did n't . 
  damn, 
  i created a high elf that i equipped with thalmor armor and gave lydia the elven armor . 
  then i walked around being a complete ass .
