  omg what ?!, 
  that 's yellow ? 
  i did n't expect him to be here . 
  my apologies , internet !, 
  just play and have fun :d i got put in platinum first , thought i 'd get crushed , but i knew how to counter cheese , so i was ok . :p, 
  a draw , obviously, 
  look around in comments/read my edit in op and you 'll know, 
  haha , cute , 
  and creatorprime is 14, 
  thought i 'd see a `` cheese all the things '' :p this was better , 
  he did introductions . 
  not joining slayers ( at least no announcement ) . 
  yellow did the code a player introductions . 
  that 's it . 
  it has been stated multiple times . 
  has maru played anything since the . . uhh ... was it tiebraker ? 
  you go girl :d, 
  wish it could happen to me as well :p been in superbad shape ever since my sc break :[, 
  lee jeong hoon , ( mkp ) becomes frank . 
  byun was hot though, 
  when i try to do the 3rax stim , as soon as i put my reactor on the second rax i can no longer produce marauders ... : /, 
  top 3 templar control, 
  those feedbacks and storms could 've won him the game even in a much worse position though, 
  / care, 
  to me it kinda feels like someone raging at a newspaper for showing the results on the first page . 
  `` what the huk !? '', 
  is way less obvious as well . 
  could just be huk loosing idra style . 
  i 'm not the op, 
  because i do n't like to have something drowned in a big dicussion about gsl in general . 
  i want to be specific , and have this thread about huk , but if i in some way include him in the title people go apeshit . 
  oh , and about upvotes , this is a self thread , so it does n't matter . 
  just want to share some cheers for huk . 
  since people are downvoting it quite a bit it 'll probably be gone in just a little while as well , so whatevs . 
  look at the backgrounds of gsl finalists . 
  how many are from bw ? 
  there you have it . 
  where 's liquid ? 
  iccup killed blizzards involvement in bw and that 's the reason there 's no lan . 
  does not have the same instant-hype , but will be a bit better in the long run , although people will complain on lack of content instead ( experience ... ) . 
  sure why not . 
  next time . 
  hukulear launch detected, 
  and tons of sentries , which he trapped a few rines with , alive was smart to back of imo, 
  ###### huk vs alive on fortress . 
  alive top left , huk bottom . 
  huk goes 1gate expo , alive goes 2rax ( maka ) . 
  huk decided before the game to show off and not scout until his stalker comes out . 
  with the stalker he scouts the push , and gets a few sentries . 
  when the push arrives huk ffs it and catches a few marines , alive retreats , and goes for banshees . 
  huk blindly did a robo , gets observers with perfect timing . 
  later on , huk goes templars , and pushes out . 
  he goes first with some stalkers and his templars , feedbackin ' them all . 
  ( top 3 control ) , then corners alive , and storms go off . 
  ###### huk vs killer on metal ( i think ) cross . 
  huk goes blinkstalkers , pushes , and when he 's at killers ramp , killer raises a guardian shield ... huk walks in and gg . 
  edit : oh well garman beat me to it . 
  huk plays in gsl ? 
  how hard is it really ? 
  you 're welcoam, 
  yet so many comments, 
  huk tweeted earlier that he dodged the makeup , so it was nothing special : / but i 'll see if i can find a link . 
  that should work, 
  '' [ gsl ] what the huk ?!, 
  - huk played in the gsl '', 
  really ? 
  they did , but he did n't have the fancy eyeliner . 
  check my link that i replied to my other reply . 
  gomtv.net !, 
  it 's impossible to do with words . 
  gomtv.net , not sure if the vods are up yet though ( and you need a season pass i think ), 
  dude . 
  what about polt ? 
  the guy who won it ? 
  he needs some respect lol, 
  this shall have my biggest upvote . 
  idras shirt xd win, 
  perhaps that is the reason they 're commentating instead of progaming ? 
  although nestea is tall, 
  always terran, 
  dude , you 're on to something, 
  oops, 
  dat face *, 
  never play the practice league , it will just damage your gameplay . 
  it 's better to just play with bots :p, 
  you know what ? 
  i got pictures of pretty girls ( iu \uc544\uc774\uc720 ) instead . 
  mpq editor is your friend :d ( blizz wo n't like you if they find out , although they most likely never will , aaaand ogsmc does it ... ), 
  he still likes you , and he feels like if he still got contact with you he still has a chance , and he hopes that you will be the one to talk with him again , but does n't want to risk it . 
  the easiest and least painful way ( for him ) would be if you did something so that he starts to dislike you instead . 
  worked for ( against ) me :p, 
  this is spot on . 
  it 's `` journy to the finals '' and not highlights . 
  : / highlights would be way better though ... 
  anavrinn uses wall of text . 
  it 's super effective !, 
  this movie ( paprika ) is amazing , and the soundtrack is aweeeseome, 
  agree with op . 
  such a simple method, 
  she 's not really that good at interviewing , i muted the stream and started non-inter viewing it instead :p she 's pretty hawt,
