  power strikes will remain the best one . 
  the energy gain is reverted . 
  and that means it 's definite ? 
  i 'd rather trust the official patch notes . 
  i guess we 'll see if that change makes on live or not , but for now , do n't count on it . 
  the patch notes indicate that it has been reverted . 
  salad is a good meal . 
  it 's 2:43 am here in sweden , and i have never wanted a salad more than now . 
  lights, 
  yeah , should work, 
  it 's someone from 4chan making you mad . 
  you activated his trap card, 
  have you seen the `` talk like reddit '' posts on 4chan ? 
  they 're pretty similar , no ? 
  you can look up some high end warrs doing 10mans and you 'll see they 're stacking mastery instead . 
  25man = stamina , 10man = mastery, 
  why would you ? 
  x-perl unitframes , but op is lazy and have n't configured them properly, 
  you tried to make a panda badass ? 
  haha , we 're fluffy , fat and cute . 
  deal with it , 
  how can you be so sure ? 
  well , you can configure it quite a lot , properly will be however you want it to be . 
  the reason i can tell he 's lazy is that he 's still monitoring the xp and rep bars below his portrait , while being 90 and not following any faction . 
  exactly , tanking using normal tacts on stone guard just makes it a lot slower, 
  i wish they would make warriors able to solo ony again ... 
  i prefer it the way reckful , a wow streamer , does it . 
  he does n't run ads at all , but gets money from donations instead . 
  i have donated a few tines to him ( he answers all the questions you add to the donation description ) and to me it feels more rewarding , and he gets more money from it than if he would 've done ads . 
  or thefirstrow.eu, 
  that 's a camera lens, 
  as a swede , definitely not . 
  imma let you finish , but karazhan is the best designed indoor raid, 
  in the siege of that gate instance , on the first boss , the one with the bombs , healer and two dips was locked out , it was me ( fury ) and a dk tank . 
  we downed the boss , slow , but not much trouble really, 
  for me , being a raider with some decent gear , after the item upgrade and 5.1 faction with better ilvl , i 'm only doing the 5.1 dailies now , the other ones are not worth spending valor on . 
  something only horde gets to know ? 
  did n't know he did, 
  haha do n't worry , soon ( tm ) is not soon, 
  wait naxx and icc both had tons of skeletons in an expansion in northrend ? 
  preposterous !, 
  oh , interesting , as ally , it 's the opposite . 
  anduin is making daddy a more competent leader instead of the brute fighter he used to be . 
  he 's a jolly fella, 
  is n't it only bracers actually ? 
  ironic , haha, 
  or friend to win, 
  arms is better if you have lower end gear . 
  as your gear starts to get better , single minded fury will be the best spec by far . 
  a gigantic small penis even, 
  yes , the only one . 
  psy studied music , figured out what sells , made gangnam style , fucked bitches . 
  dota1 zeus :(, 
  he said story . 
  what did you expect ? 
  a one liner ? 
  i ca n't check now since i 'm on my phone , but i 'm sure there is a separate subreddit for raf requests . 
  if you looked like that , you can dance . 
  that guy is awesome, 
  haha , i play a prot warr and nobody does more threat than me , i 'd love to tank for ya :p when i do hcs for valor it 's usually with guildies with pretty good gear , because it 's so annoying to end up with random people that stays, 
  below 30k throughout the whole instance . 
  that tank was clearly new to this game if he wants to spend even more time in an instance ... 
  flask , feast , prepot . 
  you know the drill . 
  a true friend . 
  i thought chicken was the name for young hens/rosters , no ? 
  i see , but then what are the young ones called ? 
  chicks ? 
  in swedish the meat and the babies are called the same . 
  i watched through the lotr extended trilogy instead , best day ever . 
  haha , blu-ray , man  i 'm sure you can pirate it though, 
  pc gaming dude, 
  i watch it for the plot, 
  we 're doing spirit kings hc now , skeletons are all over the place . 
  fuck failchecks man ... 
  warlock named benafflock, 
  shields are such a pain this tier , as a tank i 'm stuck with the rf one because it never drops in normal ... 
  i feel like there should be an alternative one , or at least make it drop from another boss as well . 
  it 's annoying to save my coins for a normal boss when we have 3 hc bosses and elite on farm . 
  i know about that one , but the rf one is also 476 , so it still does n't help past that point . 
  shields are a pain because there is only one drop . 
  every other slot has at least 2 possible drops . 
  your luck is completely irrelevant . 
  i have killed spirit kings 6 times on normal without a drop . 
  my gear is all 496-511 , apart from shield which is 476 . 
  i actually tried a private server set on vanilla patches , to get back to the good old days . 
  man it was horrible ... hybrids were worthless with worthless class designed gear , pvp was warriors oneshotting everything and rogues stunlocking you until your dead , pve was 40 man chaos with like one ability per boss ... 
  it 's that yellow plant thing that we can make oil of, 
  is that the song that aragorn sings when the hobbits are sleeping when they 're going to rivendell in the movie ? 
  mous plan is to leave madrid , i think it 's working just fine, 
  you sure ? 
  real men use paint, 
  often the hair changes are because he headed the ball and it made his hair crazy , and not because he wants to show off his skill with hairstyles, 
  if he 's a panda . 
  the dota treant used to have that spell but it was reworked . 
  wasnt it 11hps ? 
  i might be way off now , but my memory tells me that . . 
  4 on centaur , 0 on veno ? 
  all those christian people does n't need proof . 
  nah he adjusts them so they are in line,
