  thanks !, 
  for those that do n't understand swedish , sweden wanted penalty , the icelandic guy kicked it to sweden as he expecetd the ref to call some kind of foul , but the ref never blew the whistle , so the ball was still in play . 
  i 'm swedish , 20yo , but i 'm fine with speaking english while gaming . 
  i usually play offlane at high/very high , 1600 + hours played , but any position should be ok ( except ganking mid unfortunately ) . 
  i do n't ever rage , i play to get better and to have a good time . 
  hit me up at http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044702613/ if you 're intrested . 
  at the moment i have some trouble playing all the time ( i usually play whenever i do n't sleep ) because i have some pc issues that i 'm working on . 
  so weird to hear waga speak swedish ... 
  ee looks like a giant baby, 
  this is r/buildapc ? 
  dallahu akbar, 
  the creator of the format says jif, 
  you should practice those heroes a bit , they 're quite fun . 
  start off using creeps as autoattackers , plus maybe a troll net for ganking once in a while , and practice your general micro as you play . 
  once you get used to tab selecting and control groups he can be very fun , although not as fun as lone druid, 
  should probably specify what server ( s ) you play on, 
  well , while it kinda does , it 's better to follow the layout that other posts uses . 
  also , i read and posted that from my phone , where i ca n't see flairs , so there is an actual reason as well . 
  seems pretty cool , i 'll add you , i 'm `` n\u00e4men '' on steam, 
  zeus knows, 
  well afaik you usually write an augmented 5th with the + last , so a dominant 7th would be a c7 + . 
  a minor 7th chord is often written with a - , as in c-7 , so the + before the 7 making it a major 7th makes sense , but it really is a bad idea to write it like that , due to the resemblance to the aug 5th . 
  considering the melody in the chart being b c c # in that bar it could be a major 7th actually . 
  have n't heard the song , quick googling does n't give me any other charts to compare with . 
  loda is big in china though, 
  `` australia is a continent comprising mainland australia , tasmania , new guinea , seram , possibly timor , and neighbouring islands . 
  ... new zealand is not part of the continent of australia , but of the separate , submerged continent of zealandia . 
  zealandia and australia are both part of the wider regions known as australasia and oceania . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia_ ( continent ), 
  i enjoyed that movie . 
  dude what ? 
  there are two alternating , and three static in the back , makes 5 , then the one up close , 6 . 
  or what ? 
  i really do n't get how you can get 7 in any way ... 
  edit : ohh i was on my phone so the furthest one was too small !, 
  you 're right i get 7 now as well, 
  you should make one of those speed painting videos . 
  i 'd love to see how this was painted, 
  i 'm 5 ' 8 :|, 
  not everyone has this . 
  my friend had it , i did n't . 
  i could n't understand what he was talking about until he sent a screenshot, 
  2.54 according to google calculator, 
  should have brought a sweater, 
  he 's faking for sure , he 's not clever , but he 's making it his thing, 
  the thing is that you can have virtual lan parties that allows you to play a copied game online . 
  iccup and garena pretty much killed lan . 
  i ca n't criticize game companies for trying to avoid pirating . 
  a free to play model for starcraft would be awful . 
  steely dan or donald fagen in particular does a great job basing a lot of his songs on a standard 12 bar blues , but then switching things around to escape the structure . 
  what remains is not really a blues , but it 's a nice way of writing songs . 
  chinese skeleton king , they do n't like skeletons , my best guess, 
  edit : other people who said or\u00e4ttvisa , it 's the literal translation , but you would n't say that in such a situation . 
  or\u00e4ttvisa is the noun , `` unfairness '' ; while or\u00e4ttvist is the adjective `` unfair '' . 
  and sigma, 
  i only speak english and swedish , and with 1200 games , i 've never been in low prio . 
  there are games that are n't very enjoyable , sure , but if your team refuses to speak english , there really is no need to speak at all . 
  you get unlucky every now and then . 
  as for advice , if you 're in a team where multiple people talk russian , i usually just say '' i only speak enlglish btw , i 'll be in the offlane doing my thing . 
  let me know if you need me '' or something like that . 
  and , quite often it 's better to follow a bad leader than to ignore the leader . 
  so if 4 people start spamming pings on you and yelling `` gank cyka '' your best chances of winning and avoiding low prio in that case simply is to gank . 
  possibly referring to the messi-chants from the swedish crowd . 
  sort of like '' i 'm here , not that other guy '', 
  you had to say that about the name where there 's literally two ... 
  and to the swedish defense , without your poor job , this hattrick would not have been possible . 
  well yes . 
  although technically if there are more than two there is still literally two ( as well as three , etc '' ) , rather than `` only one '' . 
  i might 've meant that `` there 's '' indicates that the thread is about one , and i supplied a picture of another , so * there * is literally two . 
  `` name of famous soccer players '' ? 
  i dunno how to put it in a better way really . 
  europe is 100 % russians , so no , i have n't . 
  i played this game on my pc so much back in the days, 
  pharaoh was a great game , but sim city 3000 had the best music, 
  guys , op is sent from valve , they want suggestions . 
  start suggesting and upvote the good ones . 
  that 's not even a proper clock , the 0 is way off center . 
  people are people . 
  you 'll encounter the angry ones every now and then . 
  queue with friends and the experience will be better in just about any game . 
  that said , the dota community is pretty good . 
  valve [ ... ] with valve, 
  sadly the dives are what shows up on / r/all , the great plays and goals are mostly just on r/soccer . 
  if you do n't watch the game you do n't care about the plays , but when someone dives there 's tons of people upvoting and commenting that soccer is a sport for pussies/actors . 
  the ball to the face in this gif is slightly amusing , but what people are mad about is the guy falling to his knees , but really they should focus on the ref being absolutely awful . 
  he does n't give the card because that other guy got hurt , it 's because of the foul play , which is a complete accident . 
  i really hope this article is wrong , but i lost all respect for am . 
  football after reading this . 
  dives in soccer sucks , but they 're no where near as common as people who do n't watch soccer claims . 
  ties are disappointing if you only watch that particular game . 
  a tie means a lot in relation to results over a couple of games . 
  if he would 've hit the ball it would 've been fine , otherwise yeah , red . 
  a dive or two is sad , but 11 minutes of actual play ? 
  by welfare be purged, 
  flair up son, 
  what song is this ? 
  took me so long to figure out why all dota hosts were dicks . 
  it goes both ways . 
  surely deadalus is only worse than mkb for gyro/medusa , right ? 
  because of lack of crits in multi shot .
