  might not be great for gameplay , but it looks stunning !, 
  if they 'd be a couple . . 
  my brother has been away from rs for about a year , and then the other week he resubbed , played dung with me for a few hours , didnt touch the game for about a week , and then yesterday he got banned for macroing gold farming , his character hasnt even been logged in . 
  somethings strange, 
  well he used that jagex guardian thing , although i do n't know how it works , and if that is the case then the hacker ca n't have been online for long at all before the ban as neither me nor my sister ever saw him online , and together we cover up about a solid 20 hours of a day ( she 's early to log in and i stay up late . 
  i guess if a hacker would use a bad bot that jagex found automatically almost instantly then that would explain it . 
  oh , and jagex wont show him any evidence in the ban report as well , which i find strange . 
  yup , he messaged jag about it but has yet to receive an answer , unfortunately . 
  it 's kinda ironic since he has never cared about money whatsoever . 
  he only did ever did quests , rp or played dung on lan with me . 
  `` free '' meaning not for gold , there is still a need to acquire currency for those items . 
  very important point . 
  i usually only win small xp lamps or coin bags which is such a small amount that i really could n't care less . 
  the combat system is great imo , you can even turn on `` momentum '' to get back to the afk fights that 07 has . 
  one thing i noticed is that 07/eoc seems to be split between pk and pvm respectivly . 
  i feel that the 07 way of fighting is too much luck to be fun in pk , but obviously some like it . 
  the reason you hear so much hate about eoc is that there are a lot of 07ers that voices their opinions while eoc has a much more quiet community . 
  if you take a look at twitch.tv for runescape 07 is wayyy more popular , while there are more players actively playing eoc . 
  i dislike 07 because combat is only done through the mouse , and luck is what really wins you fights . 
  they are balancing it so skills will have higher effect on combat btw , even though it 's not that bad as it is ( str being bad is the only problem really ), 
  i have the same guitar !, 
  make your father proud and keep using the guitar, 
  well they 're not fire eels are they ? 
  orange , the juice to rule them all, 
  haha , that boy is silly, 
  2011 was boss haha , nice beard, 
  they 're alive, 
  you jinxed it !, 
  thank you soo much !, 
  he 's good with the pen because he never got much time with the ladies, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can get any name , ca n't check now though , i 'm on my phone, 
  afaik , they found a nice backup from then and thought why not . 
  might be completely wrong though , as i ca n't remember where i heard/read that, 
  lost a mario , get a new one in there right away, 
  alfa *, 
  throwing pots in that shop, 
  it 's all part of the plan , huh ... clever bastards, 
  very lategame team though, 
  lao means `` old '' and if used like that , becomes `` teacher tzu '' in chinese , so you can say lao tzu if you want, 
  i 'm not even strong enough to do bosses , but i bought full bandos the moment i got 70 def , so i 'm fairly satisfied with my way of making money . 
  all i do is slayer , with herb runs every 80th minute . 
  judging from what people say money will be even faster the higher my combat skills are . 
  looking forward to that . 
  a series of pillows was called gosa ( cuddle ) + flower . 
  raps is a yellow flower that is grown on big fields in sweden for its oil . 
  those fields are pretty , so they named one of the pillows after it . 
  it also happens to have a great translation . 
  i 'm also a swede and no . 
  rape is the correct translation , it 's just that rapeseed is the word that avoids misunderstandings , and g translate does n't care about that . 
  there was a series of pillows called gosa + ` flower ' . 
  rape happened to be over of the flowers they chose, 
  for sure , one of the places i 'll definitely visit early on . 
  does anyone know when the beta is gon na open ? 
  or is `` 17th '' all we know ? 
  ed edd n eddy has some of the best gifs ever . 
  * reminder on the nda, 
  please remember that all beta testers are under a non-disclosure agreement and as such must not report , discuss or post details of any of the content they are testing outside of these forums . 
  anyone found to be releasing information about this content may be removed from the beta and could potentially face further action against their account . 
  might wan na be careful : /, 
  so , since people are getting banned for sharing pictures/streaming i thought i 'd do a secret little tease . 
  i 'm on middle level runespan now and what you can see in the distance is the lower level . 
  sadly , looking down is just blue , nothing else : /, 
  mine works, 
  for those of you that need a simple mouse capture program , ( i use dual monitors ) i use this : http://www.dota-utilities.com/2008/11/downloads-warcraft-iiiwindows-mouse.html, 
  it 's originally made for warcraft iii ( the dota mod specifically ) but works with anything . 
  start it up , find the icon in the taskbar , specify the window and hit f7 . 
  i ca n't guarantee it to be safe or anything , but i 've used it for quite a while and never been hacked/gotten viruses . 
  aww man what a beat, 
  worse than hitler ? 
  who 's this ? 
  play games and chillax, 
  i love broccoli, 
  it 's even on repeat when it 's live . 
  haha i just heard it !, 
  my friend bought a 5 pack as well , and me and 3 other friends bought copies from him , it worked great from the start , we played online right away , i thought we 'd have to open ports , disable firewalls etc , like i had to do for the old version , but this one worked right away . 
  it was a little laggy for us at times , but with the beta patch it 's all good . 
  so they actually have 3 !, 
  i 'm a boy and i think girls look way better with makeup . 
  when my friends says they like when girls do n't wear makeup i just nod . 
  i would n't really want to tell them that they 're just being fooled , because i 'm not supposed to be interested in makeup ... tough times huh, 
  although the real reason i 'm here is because gosling is hella cute . 
  i 'm straight yes , and i 'm proud to say i can appreciate a good looking man every now and then . 
  griefers everywhere, 
  stock sounds are used in loads of things , and have been for years . 
  i was at a lecture about the use of stock sounds in movies and games , and when you heard a couple of them you start to hear them everywhere . 
  it 's kinda like the blue-orange contrast which is used quite frequently in movie/game posters . 
  and a hat !, 
  but it grew !, 
  and they 'll all be in bayern ... 
  german spanish things are better , look at gomez , right ? 
  his play is pretty sweet though, 
  we have to believe in the kloppo . 
  and it almost was, 
  well he still has dortmund . 
  jupp on the other hand ... 
  thought benzema was hurt ? 
  like messi , right ? 
  did you stand up screaming toooooor every goal as well ? 
  i got home from a successful presentation to this . 
  i 'm good ,
