  the builds in poe are more shallow when it comes to how you play them , sure , when you can choose exactly which spells to use for any build ( hint : freedom ) you often realize that scaling one ability is almost always better than using a few . 
  the combat is the one thing i would change about poe . 
  combat in d3 is much more fluid and dynamic . 
  something that blizz always does well . 
  but they lack in other areas . 
  as for the classes and specs terminology , you talk about the freedom of changing specs a good thing , but you defend the classes , that you ca n't change . 
  what makes these different ? 
  why not have it like runescape where every character can do everything equally good ? 
  in wow the classes are mostly cosmetic at this point . 
  you have healers tanks and dps , which class is doing which does n't really matter because they 're not separated ( limited ) anymore . 
  you think this is a good thing ? 
  i think it 's horrible . 
  in runescape there is no point starting fresh with something new . 
  i can do everything better on my old character . 
  thus it gets boring . 
  in story games , people talk about replay-ability being a good thing . 
  you can start over , make different choices and you got yourself different content . 
  d3 does n't have any replay ability apart from a new season . 
  because you start over . 
  recognize that ? 
  forcing you to start over to get a reset , just to play the game again . 
  sounds to bad design to me , yet that 's the only thing keeping d3 ( barely ) alive at this point . 
  when i play d3 to the endgame each season , and get bored , i have to switch classes , and do it again . 
  that 's how i continue to play the game . 
  but it 's so limited that you run out of content before the end of each season . 
  i 've never had that problem with poe . 
  having to reroll if i want to play a different way is something i like about the game . 
  i like having alts , whether it 's classes or specs . 
  you can call it artificial game length , sure , but d3 does n't have any real game length left at this point . 
  it 's done . 
  the only thing i can defend about d3s game design is the combat . 
  everything else is meh at best , and horrible at worst . 
  d3 has better combat for sure . 
  but all other areas are subpar . 
  the builds in diablo are fun to play but you also need fun things to do , which d3 does n't have . 
  but a tabula is so convenient ... 
  doing this as well but the la version . 
  the clear speed is great , single target is great when you got your charges up, 
  if i could not wear pants and get away with it i probably would . 
  just saying . 
  those dudes are living the good life, 
  cheat sheets are pretty lazy though right ? 
  honestly our grammar is the same , just read texts , or listen , and look up words that are different . 
  norwegians and swedes can usually understand each other so it 's not that important to get it completely right, 
  hey thats my school, 
  torb doesnt have a swedish accent at all actually , they got the actual chinese va to do mei in english but torb just got some strange fantasy dwarf accent, 
  haha talking with taxi drivers when you are going home after the last subway can be so much fun actually , did n't think i 'd see that here though, 
  i 'm studying full time in korea and things are going quite well already . 
  i do n't really have any quantifiable goals , but i just wanted to thank you for all you are doing for the korean learning community . 
  keep it up !, 
  `` language fluency is the degree to which one is fluent in a language . 
  someone is said to be fluent if they have a high level of language proficiency , most typically foreign language or another learned language , and more narrowly to denote fluid language use , as opposed to slow , halting use . 
  in this narrow sense , fluency is necessary but not sufficient for language proficiency : fluent language users ( particularly uneducated native speakers ) may have narrow vocabularies , limited discourse strategies , and inaccurate word use . 
  they may be illiterate , as well . 
  native speakers are often incorrectly referred to as fluent . '', 
  from wikipedia . 
  there are a few out there , i went through them before but they 're all kinda meh tbh ... 
  i have never seen that on any of the pcbangs i 've gone to ... 
  the system is not just counting win and loss , it also counts your individual performance inside the game , we dont know exactly how it measures that , but generally , if you lose more points it means you underperformed ( even if you won ) according to their statistics . 
  your mmr rating could also be lower than your sr , and so the system wants to fix that . 
  kaplan did a little talk explaining the mmr-sr relation . 
  well if you are playing consistently good , it 's most likely the mmr sr thing going on . 
  the system does n't think you are as good as you are , and want to drag your sr down to where it thinks you belong . 
  if you play well and keep having a high winrate the system will realise that you belong there , and adjust . 
  these kind of things usually happens when someone calibrates wrong , gets a crazy winstreak , switches to a role that they play way better/worse . 
  the system is pretty intelligent , and even if it is wrong at times it should balance out fairly quickly . 
  i would n't worry too much about it, 
  battlenet accounts are free , for things like hearthstone . 
  pcbangs have licenses for games so you can play there without buying the game . 
  swedish has a tendency to switch certain words around depending on where in the sentence they appear . 
  i ca n't explain why , but i 'm sure there is a rule somewhere . 
  note how certain words swap places in this example :, 
  right , this is it !, 
  `` ordf\u00f6ljd i bisats '' is what they call this stuff . 
  i should remember this for the next time i try to explain it, 
  yeah , my dad is a pretty creative engineer , he made us do all kinds of stupid shit that worked . 
  have you tried the realism mod for rome ? 
  makes the game way better imo, 
  this is mass\u00e9, 
  hey some of us became normal, 
  his name is supposedly made from `` lolita otaku '' which means hes way into young stuff . . 
  the korean netz are against it because hes promoting `` lolita '' stuff . 
  not because its cheap and dull, 
  his name means lolita otaku , lolita is a kind of sexualization of minors . 
  you really should secure these kind of furniture to the wall . 
  especially if you have small children . 
  id just do a ssf challenge , it can be fun every once in a while, 
  appreciate the honesty, 
  calling it south korea seems to make it worse as well . 
  i heard that they upgraded some languages ( korean included ) with neural networking , and that it should give better translations ( in theory at least ) now . 
  well most 2 player setups are supp monk + dps , wizard being the strongest atm . 
  if you just want to have some casual fun the most important thing is probably that the movement is similar , so its not just one doing the killing and the other just running . 
  why does n't torbj\u00f6rn and lucio have the right accents ? 
  ... will usually show you top push builds , which is n't always the same . 
  the bc soundtrack is just amazing in general, 
  there is no confirmed expansion for d3 currently . 
  with necro coming as a character pack , with no other content , it is quite safe to assume that there is no expansion in the making . 
  ( ros came with crusader , if another expansion was coming they would release necro along with it . ), 
  this . 
  it 's not a datamined/speculated thing though , they have announced it as a character pack .
