  just wanted to share my thoughts . 
  to me , definitely not a pro , but hey :p , the sensitivity needs to be high , because i 'm playing with finger-grip instead of palm-grip , and because of that i hold my arm very still most of the time , and move around my wrist a bit instead . 
  i play with about 2000 dpi with the steelseries ikari laser . 
  i have a friend who just puts it to as high as he can always , i ca n't play with his mouse at all , but he plays just fine , i think it 's just a matter of personal preference . 
  ca n't help but laugh everytime nightend says something :p i prefer thorzain . 
  i do n't . 
  i will never get it , that dude advertising it makes me angry . 
  i haaate his voice . 
  i am using the siberia though , and they are amazing , they cancel sound very well , are really comfortable , and great sound quality . 
  amazing for listening to music , voicechat , and speaking . 
  would definitely recommend . 
  it 's great . 
  i enjoy it a lot . 
  but i ca n't say i prefer this towards let 's say tastosis or dayapollo . 
  the laid back atmosphere is great and all that , but it lacks the professionalism and seriousness that standard casting has . 
  it fits perfectly for hsc , but would n't want to see it anywhere else . 
  it 's blue , to the left , and a little down from the thumbnail . 
  aaawwww , 
  haha , i ca n't help but laugh as soon as he speaks xd prefer other people casting :p, 
  if you like his wc3 career as well , he has been doing some commentary of his old wc3 games , i think you can find them on the steelseries youtube . 
  really great caster indeed , 
  you need to wait for blizzard to release the new maps , because there has been too many banelings on that spot , the ground has been damaged from their acid . 
  i have no idea . 
  ask blizz perhaps ? 
  haha this is golden, 
  can someone with a screenshot edit a trollface on that guy xd, 
  wow this guys is amazing xd, 
  poor naniwa , he really is disappointed :[, 
  poor guy . 
  something is just messed up about the swedish letters \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 , but w/e , more importantly , what are those ? 
  i 'd say some high level tvp or tvz , since imo terran matchups are the most dynamic . 
  mma vs losira is good for tvz . 
  thorzain vs naniwa/mc for tvp . 
  it does the same for naniwa i think . 
  no idea why it does though . 
  he 's born the best year , * hint * . 
  still do n't understand the `` frank '' . 
  i like mules for the increased boost in income , and for sustained income i expand . 
  so i put them on the closest . 
  there 's a very informative post ( but kinda tl ; dr ) on teamliquid about the ladder system , which includes promotions and the math behind it . 
  zerg , until fruitdealer won . 
  switched to toss for a little while , switched to terran somewhere when marineking was pwning some nerds . 
  been switching between toss and terran ever since , and now i decided to stick with terran . 
  the koreans use their real names most of the time , they basically only use their nick for the score bar . 
  i do n't want qxc to end up where artosis is . 
  qxc was great as a caster , but he 's a player and should remain one . 
  anypro and clide are looking rather similar , perhaps that person was hungover for quite a while, 
  this is absolutely amazing . 
  please do n't . 
  we do n't need a good player going artosis, 
  haters gon na hate , after this interesting course of events i 've started to follow destiny . 
  this dude is either fake or an idiot . 
  started as z , switched to toss , then to terran , then toss and terran , now all races . 
  fml ca n't stick to anything ... 
  boxer would bunker rush boardwalk and kill all of mjs workers . 
  mj ragequits without gg . 
  boxer wins 2-1, 
  i learned korean and installed korean keyboard setup instead, 
  you should edit the title . 
  it should say `` three of their most well known have left '' because that 's what it is . 
  trickster has never been good , only average . 
  fd was good at first , but people caught up and are way better than him , rain has also only been average , his final placing was basically luck . 
  alive , revival , puma , clide and killer are the good players from tsl . 
  they should have no trouble at all with players as good as them . 
  you 're not making it any better :p, 
  yeah , i gave up on fd a while ago though . 
  was playing z back in the days of open s1 when he won , was amazing due to the balance trouble z had at that point , but he just could n't keep up with the rest , sadly . 
  same with my biggest nerd crush at that time , hopetorture . 
  tbh , i doubt that fd keeps playing professionally anymore . 
  he seems pretty close to retirement . 
  also , i think when they do the street fighter voice thing , it 's from the korean observer , because the voice comes when the korean commentators are ready . 
  and then when it 's done , it switches to the english observer and loads up the score bar . 
  hack is actually a pretty good player , i was n't that surprised when he all-killed , what surprised me more was that fxo did n't send out qxc or sheth . 
  oh and darthozzan , squirtle is startales ace player , actually . 
  can give you a short basic one :, 
  ###### sage ( p ) south vs sc ( t ) north on crossfire , sage gets voidrays and sentries , starts to kill scs wall , while containing him with perfect forcefields , each time locking a few rines/rauders out , picking them off , while expanding to the gold . 
  positioned a pylon and a few stalkers on the south ledge to catch drops , which he did multiple times . 
  sc tried to get out of the contain , but it was just impossible , constantly owned by perfect forcefields . 
  nothing he could do worked , ( and sc is pretty damn good allright ) and eventually he ran out of minerals . 
  that attitude pissed me off , although sc is good enough to actually do that . 
  i kinda hoped he would tbh . 
  i read this from my ` unread messages ' , where the spoiler just appears as regular text , except bold . 
   did n't even have to mouseover  :d, 
  hi  enjoy your stay ~, 
  wow , heavy on good zergs and bad tosses xd, 
  hahaha :d this is kinda me , although i think i might be bisexual ^ ^, 
  i make marine, 
  bronze with bonus pool, 
  yeah , just saw from johns twitter : junkka83 \ubc15\uc900\uaddc, 
  look out for surprise guest in today 's player introduction, 
  could never guess it 'd be yellow : o, 
  let 's pray to , uhh , the xel naga ? 
  that he does : o, 
  beaches should be shunned as well then, 
  the code a caster ? 
  he is hot, 
  i tweeted it to him , i hope he sees is and feels bad . 
  i thought you were fake . 
  * shrug *, 
  wolf tweeted back,
