  but again , i do n't know how the lesson plan will be for the summer session . 
  my classes this summer are between june and late august , so you most likely will not have the same schedule as i. 
  it can be hard to meet native friends during the summer , as many people go back to their home towns , but if you get an opportunity to spend time with koreans , use the time to practice as much as you can . 
  that 's when you can learn the most imo . 
  there are many kinds of alcohol % for different soju . 
  the mainstream ones tend to be between 12-25 % though . 
  a throat noise when saying `` mig '' ? 
  i know people struggle with the throat-ish sound in `` sju '' , but i ca n't even think of what kinda sound you are referring to in this case . 
  could you clarify ? 
  ikon are just a bunch of edgy kids given too much exposure, 
  probably gon na play around casually in standard as soon as im satisfied with 2week mayhem in poe, 
  lmao what kinda post is this, 
  for vocab you 'd wan na use any kind of srs , like anki or memrise . 
  try to avoid premade stuff , make your own decks from words you see in difficult texts/hear on vidoes/whatever . 
  as for speaking it 's a bit harder , apps wont really be able to help you much . 
  if you have natives to speak with you just wan na practice as much as you can , really . 
  i suppose apps could help you with finding practice partners though . 
  well , like i said , you should make your own decks , and not use the premade ones . 
  no matter which srs you use . 
  you 're not supposed to study words without context , which is what you 'll get if you pick their premade decks . 
  when you make your own decks anki and memrise are just about the same . 
  will it be released the same time for all servers ? 
  it has to do with what comes before , if it is a vowel or a consonant . 
  in your examples , it should be \uac00\uc218\uc608\uc694 and \uc544\ub2c8\uc5d0\uc694 . 
  the textbook does it correctly . 
  edit : you can see more about \uc774\ub2e4 here http://www.koreanwikiproject.com/wiki/%ec%9d%b4%eb%8b%a4, 
  to clarify a bit more , \uc774\ub2e4 and \uc544\ub2c8\ub2e4 is a bit different , the consonant vowel rule applies to \uc774\ub2e4 . 
  in korea we get it 23 hours from now ... feelsbadman, 
  you can recognize a lot of patterns in words through hanja , similar to latin/greek/french roots in english, 
  lul they 're just unstable af, 
  wow is the exception , yep . 
  i play largely ssf normally , because i really do n't enjoy trading or grouping , but playing in a restricted ssf league is really annoying when you need that one jewel for that build you wan na play , and it just wont drop . 
  in cases like that i pop a trade for the jewel and go on with my life . 
  restricted ssf is just for bragging rights , and if you play solo anyways , who cares ? 
  i believe the other classes wo n't be played, 
  when will sweden get the 9kmmr middle eastern kids ? 
  how many immigrants will it take ? 
  i trade once or twice per league and never group , it 's largely ssf , just like i said . 
  i only `` want to call it ssf '' when people are talking about ssf like it 's some strange uncharted territory . 
  the way i play is normal to me , but people trade all the time and claim that 's how you play `` normally '' so there is some kinda difference . 
  big age difference in kpop dating is pretty standard at this point . 
  i never said i play ssf . 
  i specifically said i do not play in the restricted ssf league because i do n't care about the bragging rights/community whatever . 
  the reason i said * largely ssf * is that people seem to think that you have to either play restricted ssf or just farm currency , head to poe.trade and buy all your stuff . 
  people who try the ssf league often say that it 's actually fun to get the stuff yourself , but quit later when that one jewel/unique did n't drop , and then go back to the hideout afk poe.trade playstyle and say they 'd play ssf if the droprates on stuff was like in this mayhem race . 
  there is just no way to explain that there are other ways of playing , without writing walls of text , evidently . 
  however , if i could play * offline * restricted ssf i would for sure , due to shitty ping to korea . 
  do n't think too much , just get started asap , learn a bit of this and a bit of that . 
  language learning works best by linking and relating things together . 
  it might be tempting to take a super structured approach , but it 's probably gon na be less optimal than a ( decent ) conventional textbook . 
  there are lots of free material available , talk to me in korean and howtostudykorean are pretty popular free online sites ( with paid extra material available ) . 
  you can also get the koreanfromzero book as a free pdf from the website iirc . 
  there is not gon na be one book that will teach you everything , no book is that complete , mix it up , books , video lessons , reading with a dictionary , srs for vocab , practice partners etc. 
  are all gon na be needed if you want to actually learn the language . 
  liquipedia is just being casual goat as always . 
  valve just outsources everything to the community at this point . 
  i think they 've realized that the dota2 community does a better job at most things anyways . 
  but can the ring be equipped by wizards ? 
  dude shooting stars is great , no shame, 
  writing korean is not that hard , hangul is not like chinese where everything has to be so proper , i think youll be fine just using the pdf . 
  you could print out some pages and give the paper form a try i suppose . 
  sanas got game, 
  the sounds started to annoy me back in vanilla , have them turned off since then, 
  duolingo is a decent addition to language studies , but it really doesnt do much on its own , unfortunately . 
  this subreddit is really confusing if you 're from europe, 
  for future reference , its 's friend , not friendo . 
  hope i make you mildly annoyed !, 
  man i have no idea how that * its 's * abomination happened but there you go, 
  why should my first comma be a colon ? 
  you guys never used commas , is my phrasing that much different ? 
  non-native speaker here btw, 
  hang on , are we talking about colons or commas now ? 
  alright , gotcha . 
  sleep well, 
  usually in that situation i 'd round it off and say fem i halv , just because it 's a much more common phrase , and is close enough anyways . 
  if you want to say exact times the grey zones are troubling , but more often than not you 'd just say tjugo \u00f6ver until it 's about time to switch to fem i halv . 
  most clocks are a few minutes off anyways so it does n't matter too much . 
  it 's pretty satisfying to speak in a language that you worked hard to learn . 
  i 'm an exchange student now for the past year , and those feelings are starting to fade . 
  this helped me remember to appreciated it a bit more !, 
  it 's almost like people can be better or worse at things , who knew, 
  where did you see this ? 
  i live in seoul , and this looks ... interesting, 
  there are thousands of shops in hongdae so that does n't really help much, 
  this is better every loop material, 
  dreamhack could have a major/minor in the new system for sure, 
  dude his falsetto is lit, 
  can we go to karaoke together ? 
  you seem fun, 
  this guy sounds like hes taking a shit when he gets hyped, 
  helltooth pet wd is really easy , you just run around and debuff while your pets do the work . 
  helltooth is the free set for wd as well so no real transition needed . 
  forev axe and qo pa pushing og to loser backet in ti , good times, 
  the blood set is really strong , on asia it did 111 a few hours ago, 
  well , that 's not the same build used on asia leaderboards at least . 
  it does n't use moribund gauntlets at all, 
  trag ` oul set has done 111 solo on asia , the set is really strong , just not blood nova . 
  you can find it on the leaderboards in whatever region you are in . 
  there are some on each region , it seems like only kr hopped on the train for real though , essentially everyone uses it here . 
  the main difference i found is that most people on us who uses coe instead of unity , on korea and eu , most people use unity .
