  not for everyone , sure , but its a really active gameplay, 
  kamehameha , but in korea it was called `` energy pa '' ( e-ne-ru-gi -- pa ! ), 
  for some reason . 
  i did it just fine with normal non-ssd loading screens . 
  have you tried turning down settings ? 
  getting an ssd drive just to complete this seems a bit overkill . 
  plus , the swk build is crazy fast for tx and the rainment permadash is crazy fast for bounties . 
  i dont play wd this season , but i used to get tons of the manajuma shit by just playing . 
  got both of them as decent ancients without trying . 
  it sounds really strange that you havent gotten them yet . 
  just hang in there , rng is rng . 
  gr12 is basically just a waste of a key tbh . 
  a solo player will not be compareable to a group player in d3 . 
  the devs wanted to encourage group play and made it more advantageous . 
  but in this season it should in theory be less of a gap . 
  in reality though , we 'll see . 
  sheet dps does n't show the full picture . 
  for example , i play a lon crusader , which has it 's own way of dealing damage . 
  for me , sheet dps means nothing , i even roll away my damage rolls on my weapon . 
  other specs can also do well with low sheet dps , as they might have procs , a lot of area damage , skills that work in certain way that might need more toughness to work properly , etc. 
  being able to clear certain level grifts is a much more reliable way of showing power . 
  follow the guides , and make sure you are not missing certain pieces of gear or a certain rune on a skill . 
  sometimes things that seem unimportant are required for builds to work . 
  and even if you have proper gear pieces and specs , you scale with gear , and what could seem like a small upgrade can do a big difference . 
  if you want more specific advice you could link your profile , and we could take a look at how you 're doing so far . 
  if you feel that the review part is hard , you are trying to stuff too many words in your head . 
  if you find it easy but just time consuming , try the speed review mode . 
  i used the speed review to just quickly review a couple hundred words when i had a few days off . 
  other methods of learning words might fit certain people better . 
  i like memrise because it 's easy and quick to set up , and i can do a little at a time whenever i got a small break . 
  if you want to sit down for an hour or two and focus on words , memrise might not be the best option . 
  us soldiers going to bars in itaewon seems to often have that experience with korea , unfortunately . 
  there are great places with great people as well . 
  i 've only been to itaewon a few times but i definitely prefer the university areas way more . 
  putting words in context will help . 
  even better if it 's actually a real context , such as a conversation , or from a song or video . 
  the words i 've learned but forgotten are the ones i just memorized , but never used . 
  it 's hard to forget a word that you are using , right ? 
  you can find sentences if you search the words on naver dictionary , but i think you should also question why you are learning words that are that hard to put in context . 
  perhaps you could spend your time more efficiently by building vocab `` from the bottom up '' if you know what i mean . 
  biased , but i would say korean . 
  the belt , the helm and imo the boots are pieces that i would use even if theyre not ancient . 
  it just helps so much to have a 6 sec bomb , inc effect of cdr gem and ability to walk through mobs . 
  all other slots are just any good ancient until you reach upper 70s for me . 
  right now my follower uses unity , oculus , ess of johan and eun jang do , and he actually helps a bit in grifts , the rings are obvious , but the pulls and the freezes are also quite useful, 
  thanks fam, 
  true , our english will most likely always be better than your swedish , unless you live here for like 20 years . 
  maybe . 
  i would only suggest learning swedish to anyone planning to actually live here . 
  we 've always been a pretty faggy country, 
  would a vpn for netflix work ? 
  otherwise all i can think of would be to buy the movies from a swedish store and ship them . 
  well in sweden at least , english is one of the easiest languages to learn the pronunciation of . 
  not because it 's technically easy , but because it 's * everywhere * . 
  you get exposed to it the way natives do , just a bit slower and not * as * much , but it sort of comes naturally . 
  many people still have accents of course , but the pronunciation is usually clear enough for any english speaker to understand . 
  as a swede i dont understand the hype , it seems like a strange combination , but ive never had peanut butter so what do i know . 
  if you are using something like naver online dictionary , you can often just search for the conjugated verb to get the right result . 
  ( sometimes it does n't work if it 's part of some special grammar pattern ), 
  not the one you wrote to , but in my experience , korean has the easiest writing/reading , japanese has the easiest pronunciation , and mandarin has the easiset grammar . 
  chinese pronunciation is the hardest , chinese and japanese both have hard writing systems due to hanzi/kanji . 
  korean has a few tricky pronunciation things but all languages do . 
  keep in mind that `` girl '' is often written as \uac78 in hangul . 
  its not always a grammatical function . 
  that 's why they lie and say they 're 15 or something . 
  afaik we do n't do any kind of check to see if they 're lying so we end up with grown men claiming they 're kids . 
  helping refugees is one thing , i can support that to a certain extent . 
  inviting them into your home is insane and/or ignorant . 
  i would n't even allow an immigrant from somewhere in scandinavia in my house unless i knew the person . 
  its illegal to make and is often blocked so it works but not easily available, 
  these are great and properly written , but when you start writing more you 're gon na end up with a few variations most likely . 
  for example i do n't know anyone who does their \u3147 's with the little calligraphy thing on top when writing normally . 
  this sub is about the language , not swedish things in general , try / r/sweden for these kind of threads . 
  well it 's in a video , they might not be completely honest . 
  i did a quick google and found [ a pic ] ( https://figulr.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/wpid-storageremovablesdcard1dokumented959ceab8805ed8e98ec9db4eca780.jpg ) that is less calligraphy-ish , for comparison . 
  you could also take a look at [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kuejwfx.jpg ) for some handwritten hangul , but i would suggest practicing writing them properly with stroke order and whatnot at first . 
  iirc the rules are thay \u3139 will be more l like if its next to another consonant , or in the start of a word . 
  usually its just loanwords that has \u3139 in the start , and often those words are meant to have an r sound , but more often than not a \u3139 in the beginning will be an l sound for koreans . 
  my name is ricky , and i 'm licky to 90 % of koreans i meet . 
  many koreans will say ladio and lamyeon as well . 
  if you listen to the t-ara song `` roly poly '' you will hear them say `` loly poly '', 
  most languages have different ways to pronounce these sounds . 
  i 'm not talking about the american r and l , i 'm talking about the closest phonetical approximation . 
  this discussion would be pointless if you keep saying `` it 's neither '' . 
  if you ca n't hear when it 's closer to r or l then that 's your problem . 
  if you would hear these koreans say ricky , there is no way that you would n't hear it as `` licky '' . 
  matching is one thing , separating them is another . 
  one is inportant , the other less so . 
  but i would n't say it 's pointless . 
  i used to use [ this program ] ( http://www.labnol.org/software/tutorials/keep-window-always-on-top/5213/ ) before i got my second monitor and it worked quite well . 
  ( download is embedded in the text on that page , direct link should be [ here ] ( http://img.labnol.org/di/always-on-top.zip ) ), 
  i 'm 172 and s fits me just fine . 
  sometimes m works as well , do n't think i have anything in xs actually . 
  ah yeah kim soeun couple was great, 
  it 's user submitted at https://www.musixmatch.com/, 
  for korean it can be annoying as it 's sometimes in hangul and sometimes romanized . 
  still decently useful , and it can sync to songs which lyrics are in their database but that you added locally to spotify . 
  they 're doing really bad , unfortunately . 
  in korea no one cares about them . 
  the nation 's wingman,
