  you are in minority that 's for sure, 
  some games has swedish text options through steam , i know dota2 and cs : go does . 
  other than that , i do n't actually know any games that bothers adding swedish language options . 
  older games sometimes had dubs , but those games are really hard to come by at this point , as it would have to be the physical copy released in sweden . 
  you are right , overwatch is dropping like crazy now . 
  down to almost half the popularity of league . 
  lol is 31.56 % , ow is 17.96 % . 
  this is such an ignorant statement . 
  korea dominates the games that are popular in korea . 
  right now that is lol and overwatch . 
  do n't you think it 's a little strange how koreans are not doing well in dota2 , a really big global esport with tons of money , when koreans are doing so good in league that is a very similar game ? 
  naturally they would be good at both , but no one cares about dota2 in korea . 
  it 's the same for cs : go . 
  these numbers are right now . 
  but overwatch started to drop below league before the season ended . 
  can only hope that overwatch makes sa obsolete ... 
  well , the largest urban area by landmass is actually the new york metropolitan area ( 11642sqkm , tokyo : 8547sqkm ) . 
  tokyo does have more than twice the population density though . 
  how is the population on nostraila ? 
  i play from south korea , european servers give me 350 + ping , so i 'm looking for alternatives, 
  well it 's likely to influence it . 
  but it went from 30 % to 20 % before it ended , and that is quite a big drop . 
  hackers in korea are way less prominent than reddit thinks . 
  there is no way that like half of korea plays with foreign accounts . 
  yeah , dps would more accurately be `` damage dealt until the point where the second ends . '', 
  looks like [ \ucc1c\ub2ed ] ( https://www.google.co.kr/search?q=%ec%b0%9c%eb%8b%ad&amp;biw=887&amp;bih=753&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjq2-pmpkvsahvfa7wkhahtarwq_auiccgb ) to me, 
  also no mcdonalds, 
  afaik certain foods are dry or salty enough to ( almost ? ), 
  stop decomposing . 
  hangul is definitely to be preferred though . 
  if you have the time/energy to learn how to at least sound the hangoolz i 'd suggest you do so . 
  romanization is veery inconsistent , especially for names . 
  i 've seen \ucc1c\ub2ed be romanized as zzimdark here in seoul . 
  to ( some ) korean natives , that and jjimdak would sound the same ... 
  i do n't know any bbq place that servers solo customers , it 's generally a group thing . 
  i 'm sure there are places that does , but they 'd be hard to find . 
  sometimes you can allegedly get around it by ordering for two people to eat on your own , while they shake their heads at the strange foreigner . 
  edit :, 
  i did some quick searching and found a bbq place for solo customers , it 's called \uc774\uc790\uce74\uc57c \uc624\ub9c8\uc5d0 ( ijakaya omae ) http://map.naver.com/?query=\uc774\uc790\uce74\uc57c+\uc624\ub9c8\uc5d0&amp;type=site_1, 
  i do n't know much else about the place , but it was recommended for solo eaters on the two blogs i found . 
  technically your whole language is a british thing, 
  and if you can , find one that uses real coal fire and not some electric stove . 
  there was a post on reddit where someone had done the japanese rising sun flag , i pointed out that it had quite the negative reputation , and he stopped using it . 
  i doubt that people using the nazi flag are unaware of its history though ... 
  i get german and russian on my orders from yesterday all the time, 
  you 've already gotten some good tips here , so i 'll just say this : as you are starting out , it can be really hard to get the pronunciation right , but as you practice more it will make more sense , and it will come almost naturally . 
  that is , unless you are stuck in what you first learned , and continue to believe is the right way . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , get a decent idea of what it is , keep an open mind , and move on . 
  do n't focus too much on these subtle things now . 
  it will only lead to you having a stronger foreign accent later on , that will be hard to get rid of . 
  my korean friends always comments on how i look like a serial killer in my id photos , i have to remind them every time that in my home country we 're not allowed to smile , and basically have to look like that . 
  you mean a pcbang that serves samgeopsal ? 
  hehe, 
  en rysk o en tysk o en bellman, 
  accidentally using filler words from my currently most used language when speaking my native language feels really weird . 
  people in korea are generally unaware of western racism and things surrounding it , such as using the n word , blackface , black people stereotypes etc. 
  to people saying they have interent access and therefore should know , that would require being proficient enough in english , which most koreans are not . 
  they are doing these things unaware that it is bad . 
  perhaps this kind of accident is required for the general public to get some mainstream insight to the issue , but do n't be too harsh on them . 
  all this internet , but if you dont speak english , you wont know about these things . 
  western racism is not a wide known thing in korea . 
  the average person in asia dont know about the slavery in the us . 
  this all happened simply because they didnt know . 
  doesnt make it right , but people saying `` omg i cant believe they would do this what were they thinking they are dead to me '' need to step back and think about how much they know about asian history and the sensitive issues in that part of the world . 
  how accessible is korean internet to you ? 
  of course you can claim ignorance here . 
  if you dont speak english , you likely dont know much , or anything at all , about african american history . 
  doesnt make it right , but its easy to see why this would happen . 
  western racism is not a thing here in korea . 
  people are generally unaware of what african americans have been through historically . 
  this kinda incident could bring some information to the mainstream public , but if it doesnt , you 're likely gon na see something similar quite soon . 
  of course there are people who know , but the majority still dont , and its quite obvious that mamamoo didnt either . 
  but are you the average ? 
  you frequent reddits related to korean culture , you actively search for related content . 
  walk up to a random korean on the street , and ask them if they see a problem with blackface , you 're gonns be looking for a while until you find one who does . 
  judging by how blatantly broken english can be included in kpop from even the biggest korean agencies , its easy to see how this slipped through . 
  its obviously ignorance at play . 
  of course i do n't , i am aware of the issue . 
  they however , are not , and it seems like people cant understand how this could happen , when it is obvious if you think about it . 
  yes it was offensive and racist , i never said it wasnt . 
  it is easy to see the ignorance and why it happened though . 
  im not defending their right to say and do these things , it is definitely still offensive . 
  i 'm just saying why this happening is not so unbelievable as people make it out to be . 
  they know certain things related to this for sure , the n word scandal comes to mind , but just because the n word is offensive doesnt naturally make anyone draw the conclusion that blackface is . 
  yes you do . 
  portraying a different race is not offensive at its fundamental level , its the associations to it that makes it bad . 
  just like the n word . 
  by itself , its just a word , its the history of it that makes it bad . 
  judging from all hanja , this is somewhere in china , correct ? 
  when i visited beijing a few years ago i saw a sign over a shop say `` translation error '' . 
  the trust in technology is strong, 
  then what ? 
  they did it knowing it was racist ? 
  they wanted to offend the people they tribute a cover to ? 
  you 'd think so , but seeing how korean groups so often produce songs with blatantly broken english phrases , when grammar is way more accessible than racial issues , it makes sense that this slipped through . 
  they probably thought it was fine , and didnt research it further . 
  well said . 
  you 'd have to look for those things to find it . 
  only big scandals ( possibly like this , if it takes off ) would make it to the eyes of the average person . 
  it will take time , but using the wrong one wont make a difference in meaning , so dont lose sleep over it .
