  swinging and then walking ( driving a little car ) , is surely not much more physical than playing an intense esport ? 
  i 'd say both golf and esport are skill based , rather than athletic , but still sports . 
  afaik you can use \uc774\ub2e4 for the location of people as well . 
  is something i hear quite frequently , and unless thats some weird banmal only thing , using \uc774\ub2e4 should work just fine . 
  likewise , i 'm pretty sure you have not competed in esports . 
  to be the best at something as popular as let 's say , lol , is if anything , more difficult than golf , which has fewer people attempting to reach the world elite . 
  if you compete against others , the amount of people and the amount of effort dictates how hard it will be . 
  millions of people playing golf for 10 + hours a day ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i 'd say it 's a perfectly fine comparison . 
  chess is considered a sport by the international olympic committee . 
  esports are on their way , currently considered a 2nd-level olympic sport iirc . 
  `` primarily physical '' is one of 5 categories commonly used when defining sports . 
   primarily physical, 
   primarily mind, 
   primarily motorised, 
   primarily coordination, 
   primarily animal-supported, 
  and esports would fit in either mind or coordination . 
  one thing to note is that generally speaking , the wow priv server population is mostly eu . 
  for us euros , the ping to vengeance is not ideal , just like how you feel about kronos . 
  my biggest issue with stonetalon is the low population together with 1-70 makes it a big time investment with a bigger risk than other servers . 
  right now i 'm mostly playing on l4g hellfire , which is eu , starts from 60 , and progression ( t4 atm ) . 
  no server is perfect , but popularity dictates . 
  even if l4g might be a worse server technically speaking ( which i do n't know if it is or not ) , more people play there , and that will attract even more . 
  i do n't hate vengeance , but it 's not ideal . 
  if the population increases to around 1k stable ( double the current amount , right ? ), 
  i might consider playing on it . 
  if you like tbc another option right now is l4g hellfire . 
  it has it 's issues but it 's one of the bigger tbc servers . 
  it 's eu though , so if you are us i 'd say stay on stonetalon . 
  there is also excalibur which has a decent population . 
  for vanilla it seems like kronos2 is the way to go . 
  in terms of risk , i 'm much more concerned with the server dying than blizz shutting it down . 
  i 've played on many servers throughout the years , and most of them died from inactivity of the devs/playerbase . 
  only nost got taken down by blizz . 
  if blizz starts taking down more servers it would indicate a trend , but so far it 's more of an exception . 
  wildhammer was n't doing well before stonetalon , and now it 's basically dead . 
  i have a hard time seeing stonetalon becoming popular enough for my taste . 
  in terms of population , no , you 're seeing the total , unfortunately . 
  you can do . server info or check the website to see player counts . 
  push pull legs , its a common workout program , google it for more info , theres tons . 
  perhaps you can find it in the sidebar as well, 
  you probably wont be able to separate it unless you got some communist propaganda phrases . 
  underwater squat, 
  i got the [ black ones ] ( http://www.soccer.com/images/catalog/productimages/hero600/84692.fw01.jpg ) for about $ 80 a little while back . 
  like them so far, 
  my stepfather , definitely . 
  my real dad , no way . 
  all of them, 
  hugs and cuddles, 
  i buy frozen chicken breasts that are sliced in half , they defrost pretty quick and is a lot better than reheated, 
  down at the bottom, 
  seems strange . 
  there is such obvious `` brackets '' of size , and the top is way off the curve . 
  somethings not right . 
  i feel like there should be a stronger link with regions , but there are crazy outliers , like colombia and venezuela at the top and france and italy at the bottom , with the difference in average being like more than twice ? 
  somethings fishy, 
  unrelated but whats up with the dots ? 
  i walk away slower than i want because me legs are not as energetic as my mind . 
  9muses are not even near `` cute route '' though ? 
  this pic is a bit old , could be discontinued, 
  for the same reasons i 'd assume it is . 
  personally i think tea and coffee always taste better `` black '' ( as in nothing added . 
  what would you call it when it 's tea ? 
  `` just tea '' sounds a bit lame ), 
  no clue if it helps in other ways than making me feel good , i 've heard a lot of supposed health benefits from it , but as with most traditional east asian things there is usually no proof of anything . 
  either way , i like a korean tea called hyeonminokcha ( \ud604\ubbf8\ub179\ucc28 ) which is a green tea with brown rice . 
  there is a japanese variant as well called genmai or something similar . 
  due to the rice it has a very special flavor , almost nutty , and i 've heard that it is filling due to the starches from the rice , so perhaps its nutritional values differ from other teas ? 
  either way , if you are interested in trying it you should be able to find it in asian markets , i recall seeing the japanese variant in some normal tea shops , and a lot of sushi places have that one as well . 
  if you do n't have an asian market nearby but have a sushi place you could ask them if they know how to get it . 
  replicates takes 100 % damage so they are much easier to trick people with . 
  romanization is only needed for people who do n't know korean and still need to read names , signs etc. 
  interstellar is a bit different, 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=momkfsbfpq0 someone else has been studying hard, 
  ive seen them om some youtube videos , cant get them as txt from the videos but at least you can see it . 
  alls in hangul apart from the english phrases though, 
  have you noticed that reddit only displays 1 of the spaces you write ? 
  different kind off apps . 
  memrise is an srs while duolingo is some kind of basis grammar sentence building practice . 
  for starters , duolingo can be useful , but later on , srs like memrise or anki will be more useful . 
  relax , it takes time . 
  i 'm thinking of excuses to go to the gym instead of the other way around these days . 
  smtm5 got some real good stuff lately, 
  it will be hard . 
  do n't give up . 
  good luck !, 
  for someone who already lifts , you get them in the kitchen , for someone who does n't , or just started , you need to work them as well . 
  the issue is when someone new asks how to get abs and a seasoned vet answers diet . 
  at first i regretted using swedish as my first language on hellotalk , then i realized that i have friends that i can talk with anyways and do n't really need the app , and now i 'm kinda glad the only requests i get are from koreans wanting to learn swedish . 
  they added - \ub294\ub370 after which is another common grammar structure, 
  was on the bus so didnt finish , \ub294\ub370 in that situation , when answering a question is sort of like ` im doing this now , why ? ', 
  like inviting a follow up question . 
  look up \ub294\ub370 while youre at it , its used a lot, 
  actually no , a biiit higher , but not at the end , at the big burst earlier, 
  you still have a few pics that isnt her though , great post nonetheless, 
  he also did a self biography thing for swedish radio a few years back , i think he did an english version as well but i 'm not sure if you can find these anymore . 
  he 's a smart guy , he knows that the persona makes him popular . 
  as long as he stays himself and does n't become the persona it 's all good .
