  no , i just do n't approve of media using terms like `` no-go zone '' and `` lawless hotspot '' when it 's not like that . 
  there is definitely a problem at this mall , but no-go zone ? 
  ridiculous, 
  yeah like i said there is a problem here , and the officer said there has been a `` slight increase '' lately . 
  it 's something to take seriously for sure . 
  did you read what i said ? 
  i did n't say that there are no such places in sweden , i said that in this case , at nordstan , it is n't . 
  the source you kindly provided proves my point by leaving it out . 
  that gender discrimination against men is `` ok '' . 
  religion was never a thing in my family so i never `` became '' one really . 
  wholesome memes require wholesome rules, 
  also , henry flirts with every female idol, 
  at the places i 've been to the pcbang license only allows asian server , i guess it varies from place to place, 
  the pcbang xp boost is the same as the group boost , i do think they stack though, 
  people are cheating a lot in games like csgo where you actually have to buy the game again when you get banned . 
  ofc they still try to ban everyone who hacks . 
  you go there , buy time , then you play . 
  you can still use korean servers with an na account . 
  most hackers still do . 
  what i meant is that even though it is `` useless '' to ban because people can make new accounts , in other free to play games , or games that you need to buy , people also hack , get banned , hack again etc. 
  the game companies will ban hackers either way . 
  for creating accounts , yes . 
  at 1000 sr improving your aim will be more important than teamplay . 
  at that low sr no one is playing properly , so teamplay will not nessecarily do anything . 
  decent aim alone can take you to up to average . 
  focus on not dying needlessly , and kill a lot , and you should start climbing . 
  that is not something blizz consideres a reason to change season time for, 
  like i said , vpn for creating accounts . 
  i mean if you rely on ads and sponsorships to make a living i can see why they would put themselves in the moral grayzone for some extra moneyz . 
  when it 's more established that g2a is a pos scam most people would probably stop . 
  100 words is not much , try your best , post it here and ask for tips , and you 'll probably learn a thing or two . 
  do n't have others do your homework for you , you 're only hurting yourself . 
  good luck , and do n't give up !, 
  yeah i 'd never stay st\u00e5 p\u00e5 k\u00f6 unless that k\u00f6 happens to be k\u00f6listan to something . 
  i k\u00f6 is what i 'd use in all other situations i can think of right now, 
  crawling up my bias list, 
  well the correction was in the kana part , and not the kanji , right ? 
  what do japanese people call their combined kanji-kana script btw ? 
  imo broodwar esports is more fun to watch, 
  does anyone happen to know if/where you can get this type of soju in seoul ? 
  they are all equally foreigner ( un ) friendly . 
  mostly no one speaks english , but through some means of communication they are usually very eager to help you , although it 's not that hard to get going . 
  it 's pretty straightforward in most cases . 
  if you speak korean , even a little , it becomes even easier, 
  sun protection , in fashion , not doing hair for outdoors , etc. 
  it has not been noted in any hotfix patchnotes though , where did you hear this ? 
  afaik it 's still bugged, 
  well most people who use the one with fewer keys got used to that from older pre-smart phones . 
  the standard layout nowadays is the same as computer keyboards , but people who type really fast with the older layout might wan na stick with it for convenience . 
  i use that one simply because i can write sloppy and still not fatfinger things as much . 
  there are other layouts as well , but these two are the most common ones nowadays afaik . 
  it 's up to personal preference really . 
  maybe if you want to learn the computer layout for them wpm 's you might wan na stick with standard smartphone layout though . 
  it 's more spelling than grammar actually . 
  learn these when you learn how to spell the other parts in the words , i do n't think there is any magic shortcut for it . 
  its used when you arent `` directing '' what you are saying to anyone in particular , so articles , essays and most longer texts are usually using the plain form . 
  if you have a direct listener ( reader in case of internet ) you usually want to use the more polite \uc694 . 
  also , if what you are saying is directed to yourself , you would often use the plain form , so in what you wrote before , exclaiming that korean is difficult to write , can be said in plain form . 
  it is on a sort of basic politeness level though , so it 's usually heard mostly when people are speaking \ubc18\ub9d0 . 
  hate to break it to ya but thats graphite, 
  so the thing is , the english `` a '' is a diphthong , it 's pronounced similar to `` ei '' . 
  even though it only uses one letter . 
  in korean , there are no single vowels creating diphthongs ( perhaps the \u3151 . . , y + vowel ones would count ? 
  making it sound like `` ia '' ? 
  not sure tbh ) , so to create the `` a '' in maple [ meipuhl ] it 's written m e i p eu l with the eu being a single vowel sound . 
  when said fast it might sound like they 're not putting a lot of emphasis on the i , but it 's there . 
  it 's really awkward to make a micro pause between two vowels when speaking fast , besides , it 's supposed to be a diphthong anyways . 
  edit : the \u3147 is simply used because you ca n't just stick an \u3163 after a character block . 
  in america you are american in terms of nationality , but your ethnicity is where your relatives came from . 
  in other parts of the world , nationality and ethnicity is largely seen as the same thing , creating this problem ( especially in east asia ) . 
  additionally , outside of america you are often seen ( to yourself and others ) as `` being '' whatever nationality you were born as . 
  i 'm swedish , my mom is swedish , but her mom is german ( immigrant ) . 
  even though my mom is 50 % german , she is swedish to herself and everyone else . 
  my grandmother is still german , even though she is legally swedish and has lived in sweden longer than my mom has . 
  the danes are generally quite good as well though , and along with danish pronunciation being as it is , it makes danish even harder to practice . 
  i 'm swedish , and even though i should sort of understand danish it 's much easier to just speak english with danes . 
  \u315f and those are made up of \u315c and \u3163though , i guess in some sense they are one letter when combined, 
  if you have the time , look at the kind of videos he first uploaded to his channel . 
  they are quire different, 
  look up vsauce 's video on zipfs law if you have the time , it 's an intresting concept which explains why the most common words might not take you as far as you 'd hope, 
  this is what everyone should use in memrise tbh , i dont get the multiple choice thing . 
  if i dont know the word i dont know it . 
  it doesnt make it notably easier to spell , just easier to figure it out , sort of tricking the system . 
  seeing clear videos like this makes me realize how much i miss quin and his celebration bullshit ... 
  duolingo is fine as a stepping stone for getting into a language , but it 's not really gon na get you very far . 
  the problem with duolingo is that it 's easy to think of it as a complete source , when there really is no such thing in language learning . 
  using it like you did with a bunch of other materials is the right way . 
  keep in mind that our memory works by relating stuff to other stuff , so while it feels nice and structured to learn one thing at a time ( vocab , grammar , pronunciation , etc ) it 's actually not making it any easier to learn . 
  learning a bunch of loose words for later studies might just be a waste of time , depending on how much later these studies are going to be . 
  the most beneficial way to learn seems to be to get a bit of everything at once , to sort of link everything together . 
  putting words in a sentence and reading it out loud is a good way to get that sort of learning going . 
  cloze flashcards is also a really good way of getting that `` relevance '' learning . 
  ( our brains actually works quite similar to how google search works , by sorting results through relevance , which is how many other indexed things link to a page ) . 
  * do what you want the way you want to !, 
  happy learning !, 
  it 's also quite easy to do this with a bomb crusader actually . 
  it 's almost seems like people are different , huh . 
  i would guess it 's because people want d3 to be a certain way , it 's not , so they are bitter about it . 
  most people who are posting those kind of comments are not playing the game anymore , but are still subbed here for some reason . 
  iirc when jeff explained the comp system he said that there is sr , and there is mmr .
