  is anyone still playing hc these days ? 
  that 's probably due to rerolling a bunch of legs , it really eats your yellow mats, 
  soul harvest is sometimes funky like that , i dont know why or how to avoid it , but its annoying for sure . 
  i have not checked my resistances during spirit walk , but im invoulnerable so does it matter ? 
  some argue if a good ancient int roll is better than eledmg because we use coe as well as multiple elements for our spells , do you know if this has been calculated ? 
  swap it around a little and you got a pull barb , group viable again !, 
  so \uac00\ub974\ub2e4 is active and \uac08\ub9ac\ub2e4 is passive ? 
  i dont play ht in groups unless farming rifts , i go carn otherwise , but removing area dmg from paragons definitely makes a big difference in solo play . 
  its a matter of how many calculations are being done , and helltooth does create a lot of those with area dmg enabled . 
  semi related yo, 
  wall of fire game performace hotfix , in case you missed it, 
  are n't they progression globes , which has nothing to do with xp ? 
  saw a stream where a dod doc in non season did speed 64s with 3 zdps in his group ; barb , monk , and crus . 
  the item/para scaling with that build is insane . 
  to avoid confusion people usually refer to the bk/wastes build when they say ww , and rend being the ik/wastes variations , even though they both use ww . 
  they are quite different in abilities , items , and playstyle after all . 
  i usually swap out pirhanas and use the movement speed soul harvest instead, 
  the solo builds for barbs these days are rend hota and ww , you can look up the leaderboards ingame , select non season and view the hero of the top guys to see what setups they 're using . 
  i play seasonal myself so i cant help you witv specifics , but you should be able to get a pretty good idea of the meta by looking through the leaderboards, 
  ww does n't snapshot anymore . 
  stricken does , however . 
  melee classes has another damage reduction built in . 
  also keep in mind that 10 % dmg is not always good whe dual wielding , as it only applies to the wep its rolled on , so you need 2 rolls for 10 % increase in dmg , while vitality , for example , fully benefits from the two rolls . 
  i got 63 on wd a while ago and got rank 700 something eu , now i think i need to do 65 , life is hard on eu leaderboards haha, 
  for helltooth wds at least , ancient int roll on ammy instead of ele dmg is totally legit . 
  important things with wastes is that your recovery will come from whirlwind crits through blood funnel , so you do n't need to , and should not , get life on hit/fury spent . 
  just go for high life pool ( blood funnel is 1 % of max life restored per crit ) as well as high crit chance . 
  you also want cdr and area dmg , bis weapons will have str , cdr and area dmg . 
  get boon passive for wrath uptime , it 's veery important to keep it up as much as possible , without it your dmg is shit , and it gives 20 % dodge which is a nice toughness boost . 
  you should also get crit on helm instead of whirlwind dmg , crit will do more for you . 
  edit : if you feel that your toughness is n't enough you could swap threatening falter rune to demoralize , it helps you survive , and it sort of helps you build density . 
  top eu barbs are using it , i 've been using it and it 's alright . 
  edit2 : as for life , your main way of getting more will probably be getting ancient pieces , maybe lacunis bracers as well . 
  i would stick with that suwong until you find an equally filthy scrim + cat setup . 
  suwong is n't that bad , people say it 's 1 or 2 rifts below scrim at the very top , but it could also be that it 's easier to get ancient scrims , idk , i feel that the builds are just about equally good , just a bit different playstyle . 
  i 'm guessing you normally run swampland instead of spiritual ? 
  if you really want to go scrim , you have to keep in mind that pickup radius makse a huge difference in terms of toughness , which we need to have in order to stand close enough to throw the bears at em . 
  right now you do n't have a lot of it on your gear , so you would most likely perform better with a frog offhand until you got more of it on your gear . 
  otherwise , you generally want vit instead of life % ( helm ) , armor instead of cdr ( shoulders ) vit instead of attack speed ( gloves ) . 
  crit chance instead of attack speed ( ring ) vit instead of life regen ( bracers ), 
  you can also try to get lightning and arcane res as secondaries on your gear , as swampland attunement does n't give those resists . 
  ( main prio is of course pickup radius still ), 
  in terms of progress wall being hit , 2 of your gems are a bit low , eso on 43 and trapped on 45 , compared to stricken on 60 . 
  how far have you reached btw ? 
  your gear is pretty decent i 'd say . 
  solo all the way could be intresting , but you 're already behind , so maybe it 'd be better to get carried until you 've cought up a bit . 
  been watching your stream a bit lately , keep it up !, 
  we need more skilled international wd streamers !, 
  the monks and barbs are too many on twitch these days ... 
  same here with chicken doc, 
  it would just slow down progress . 
  people would run lower grifts fro xp farm and get less xp per hour , people would not have as high level gems , and thus wouldnt be able to push solo grifts as far as we are doing now . 
  i feel that putting penalties like that , or playing hc , is only slowing down the gameplay in diablo . 
  my view on whats the difficult endgame in diablo is pushing high level grifts , i would probably still be below 60 if i played hc , now im pushing 65 . 
  slowing progress was a good thing in vanilla , when endgame was just the campaign on inferno , but now when we have an endgame that scales way more than we can beat , theres no point slowing it down . 
  to reach the high positions on ladder you need to play a ton already , lets not exclude the busy playerbase even more , alright ? 
  it 's probably mostly due to lack of a better drops . 
  i think most people are agreeing that int as and % dmg dods are the best . 
  you want to get the vit from ancient vit rolls on gear , it 's not worth the trade you get by having it on your weapon . 
  i 'd rather have a perfect dod and take some paragon vit , if you really need it , but then you 've been really unlucky with your other items , carn docs should preferably only be tanking unavoidable damage . 
  i one shot a few people in my group the other day with my darts on some reflect mob . 
  it 's just a * theory *, 
  yeah , me too . 
  i live there . 
  i assume most people get this right away , at least if you 're european . 
  us people cant do that , only ingame eu would have it updated atm , the website leaderboards are all a bit slower, 
  they all update slower than ingame . 
  its usualy a few days late on the website ones, 
  taiwan and korea are on the same region . 
  china is on their own i think . 
  if you roll that cdr to crit dmg you got a filthy wd carnevil ring, 
  drahque do you think swk carn is better than double carn ? 
  i saw you guys struggling with swk on 80 before you got it with double carn the other day ( gg conduit though ... ) i have yet to see this video , and i went to bed before primetime ( hehe ) so i couldnt see much of your stream so i dont really know what changed :p, 
  check out / r/korean where the focus is on the language , learning , teaching , practicing and so on . 
  one of the top barbs in eu said that ww scales better with high dream rifts and that it should be able to reach higher than ik rend towards the end of the season, 
  i would say that you dont need unity as a ht wd because we are already quite tanky , but i use bears so im a bit tankier because of that . 
  i cant really check his gear because im on mobile but i just have a couple ancient pieces and i can do 60s consistently at around 10 minutes with coe, 
  top groups are starting to use wds as primary dmg dealers , often with swk monks , but sometimes 2 wds , and wizards are starting to push high solo grifts , avoids latest wizard clear is like top 3 world still , right ? 
  i know it was rank 1 world the other day at least . 
  crusaders are in an akward spot atm , and dhs are a bit below the other classes in solo . 
  the biggest problem atm is that barb and monk support are too strong . 
  not their dmg , really . 
  in solo barbs are the most played class so theyre a bit overrepresentated , but wizards and wds are highly capable of reaching high . 
  the group meta is very trend based as well , so if we get a high clear with a wiz dps then maybe people will start trying it out , right now its only hota , dod and swk that is accepted , because of the meta . 
  maybe there will be a definite best 4man group in the end , but i think , and hope , that there can be variations to what we se now . 
  i agree , i did 9 or 10 60s back to back the other day , all under 10 minutes . 
  my gear is ok , a couple of ancients , but i got proper rolls on my stuff so its not too bad . 
  i say its more about where you take fights rather than which rift you get at 60 and below . 
  gear is important but playstyle makes a big difference as well . 
  they should only be used on cd if you can manage 100 % uptime on wrath ... otherwise you 're wasting zodiac procs on abilities that you 're reapplying before the duration is over, 
  as zuni you can reduce some lag by removing area damage , it really does make a difference, 
  i 'm using the g400s and my only complaint is that the mousewheel button requires a bit too much force to push compared to the other buttons . 
  but it 's just a minor thing really , apart from that it 's the best mouse i 've used . 
  i got two of em atm , bought when they were on a sale so i think i 'm good for a while . 
  i have no experience with razer , but i used a steelseries ikari because i really like the shape , but the buttons started to double register , so i got a new one , after a while the same thing happened . 
  nowadays i use a logitech g400s and it has outlived both ikaris , and still going strong . 
  i might 've just been unlucky , but that 's my personal experience with logitech-steelseries . 
  as for keyboards though , the steelseries 7g has been great so far and i have no reason to switch yet . 
  man fuck graveyards and those trash dumpsites, 
  spotify has lyrics for some songs as well , even for songs that ive added locally , because the lyrics come from some 3rd party source .
