  i do n't follow lol so someone else would have to comment on that . 
  apart from that it seems that overwatch is doing well as an esport , especially for being such a ( relatively ) new game . 
  well , it took until the 3rd year of lol worlds before the big korean teams started showing up . 
  ( skt , samsung ) the big kespa teams are operating a bit different from esport orgs in the west , and it is generally a lot slower . 
  the only decently big korean org that continuously picks up new teams and games is mvp , but it 's more of a clan that has a sponsor ( hot6 ) rather than a big brand that gets an esport section ( skt , kt , samsung , cj ) . 
  keep in mind that the big western esports teams are orgs made for esports , while in korea it 's usually an established brand picking up a team . 
  even if the west is rapid , korea is not necessarily the same . 
  as esports is taken more seriously here , more caution and professionalism is needed when signing players and picking up new games . 
  yes , pcbang stats , but it 's really the only decently reliable indication of the popularity of a game in general here , as most people play from pcbangs . 
  esports popularity can be measured through viewership etc , but if the game is n't popular , it 's likely that the esport will lose popularity as well . 
  another popular esport , cs : go , is literally always a mirror matchup though , and it has similar issues with spectating , being another fps . 
  the issue about players is probably going to get better as time goes by and the scene gets more stable . 
  i remember when sc2 was new , having people rise to the top and fall off after just a season or two . 
  it 's hard to tell whether overwatch will be capable of rivaling the other big ones , time will tell really . 
  blizz needs to work hard . 
  without knowing any proper details , i can say that my initial thought is that it 's a matter of formality . 
  plugga -  l\u00e4sa -  studera from informal to formal . 
  generally speaking though , for someone who learns swedish as a second language , the difference is not that important . 
  also worth noting is that we often say that we simply are learning something . 
  `` jag l\u00e4r mig svenska '' will usually work just fine . 
  well esports differ from traditional sports in the way that the viewers are usually playing the game themselves . 
  viewership and live attendance show current popularity , but the popularity of the game itself could indicate coming trends as well . 
  both numbers are interesting for sure , but they go very much hand in hand . 
  well these are mostly reasons why ow would be less popular than lol , but not nessecarily why ow would lose popularity now , which is what i had in mind . 
  lck spring starting could be a deciding factor though . 
  you could use all three to say that you are learning a foreign language though . 
  used in the same context there would really not be any significant difference . 
  it 's the icelandic translation of that essentially . 
  naturally the norse languages are quite similar at times . 
  it is funny though that the region names in the viking campaign are so obviously swedish , when they speak icelandic, 
  \uc5b4\uc694 and \uc544\uc694 are standard \uc694 conjugating patterns . 
  just a heads up , to some parts of asia , that flag is as bad as the nazi flag is in the west . 
  for similar historical reasons . 
  yeah , visiting older historical buildings in asia is swastikas everywhere, 
  `` japanese war crimes occurred in many asian and pacific countries during the period of japanese imperialism , primarily during the second sino-japanese war and world war ii . 
  these incidents have been described as an asian holocaust '', 
  i swapped to kensei . 
  kensei has issues but is much more fun to me . 
  i dont play at the highest level so i can still win in every matchup . 
  i 'd rather have fun doing so . 
  duolingo is a premade course that is gamified . 
  there are similarities of course but generally it 's put in a category separate from the sr apps . 
  most of my friends in korea ( in their 20s ) count age from new years . 
  people keep track of birthdays in terms of who is older than who within the same year , but if someone asks how old they are they go by new years . 
  the knife thing was not nanohana , it was the manager ( ? ), 
  of the team she was in , in the sense of `` if its true that she is cheating on my team , i have to do . . '', 
  at least that 's what i heard . 
  it 's not really clear who did what in the scandal tbh . 
  keep in mind that there is a different thing happening at \uc644\ubcbd\ud558\ub2e4 , \u3131 + \u314e = \u314b, 
  spaced repetition , a software ( also seen as srs ) that spaces out flashcards to help in memorizing . 
  ( easier ones needs less often , harder ones needs more often ), 
  i remember seeing some study that claimed pronunciation and intonation to be more important than grammar and vocab when communicating with natives . 
  makes sense when you think about it , really . 
  they can fix the grammar in their head , and can understand when the vocab might be lacking , but if they cant hear what you said , they have nothing to go by . 
  .1 , go see `` s horror movie ye  s ago ) a fr at midni < t4, 
  .1 , ! at } is empty except `` s black woman up front4, 
  .18 , , naw , , dont , , g , ,9 , , '' ! 0, 
  .18 , , : y , , y , , d , , t0, 
  .1 , i yell back 8 , , tell , , h } 0, 
  .18 , , y1h , , see , , ? 
  , , boi , , gets , , x0, 
  .1 lat } 1 a p } son dies f 2 + decapitat $ 1 !, 
  woman scr1ms4, 
  .1 , i yell back4, 
  , , fuck , , y , , gon , , live , , ) , , no , , h1d0, 
  .18 , i , , dont , , `` k , , maybe , , an , , ambul.e , , w , , - e0, 
  , , fuck9 , , woods0, 
  reddit does n't have braille font i think , so this is the best we can do . 
  debatable , but yes . 
  they 're still doing fine , the link does n't work with www in front though, 
  take it a step at a time , play a game a day using mic , then twice a day , etc. 
  get used to it gradually . 
  right now it 's far out of your comfort zone , but you simply got ta get used to it really . 
  i used to struggle a lot since i play in korea but teammates can usually hear pretty fast that i 'm not a native speaker , and the korean ow community is pretty toxic , especially to foreigners . 
  but , after a while you kinda stop giving a shit . 
  people will rage , people will say mean things , but if there is nothing you can do about it , do n't worry about it . 
  no point really . 
  girls in general have it worse of course , but you should n't let that keep you down . 
  the voice chat belongs to everyone , people being immature is their problem . 
  do n't let them get under your skin . 
  lifting builds confidence , which is the real reason why this works . 
  but it really does work . 
  sexism and racism online is prevalent mostly because it 's the easiest way to offend someone , is safe to say , in an anonymous environment . 
  it 's not unique to any game or any community , people just want to make others mad . 
  why they do this , i do n't know . 
  the only way to get rid of this problem is to make it unsafe ( bans , other punishments ) , make it not anonymous ( but facebook shows that pictures of you and your name visible is still relatively anonymous in the online sphere ... ) or make racism and sexism not as effective at getting under the skin of people . 
  it 's sad really, 
  wholesomememes are spreading out all over reddit recently and it 's great, 
  sure , but that sort of random kindness was a rare sight before wholesomememes became a thing , so it 's only natural to give it some credit for this recent change of trends . 
  completely average nothing special quiet minority kensei main reporting in, 
  i completely feel your pain . 
  in swedish we use [ long scale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ) with million , milliard as well , making it another level of confusing . . 
  shooting stars memes are my biggest guilty pleasure this is great love it, 
  if you look up the words in naver dictionary you will see , for example , \uc2eb\ub2e4 [ \uc2e4\ud0c0 ] where the brackets indicates how it is pronounced . 
  if you are unsure you can look words up there . 
  no im pretty sure thats wrong ... 
  they 're essentially just kids fighting over meaningless things , naturally they would easily become friends again , right ? 
  we 've all been through similar stuff, 
  as someone who is in korea and struggle with the phone identification thing , any tips ? 
  jo ar rajt , auer inglisj is pretti god .
