  i do n't watch his videos , but i do respect the guy . 
  most of those are name-like , but fish really is a shit name, 
  i know one in sweden called `` inge snygg '' which literally means `` not handsome '' . 
  if your lastname is `` handsome '' why would you name your kid `` not '' ? 
  pokemon is like super japanese dude cant have that, 
  the first generation of pokemon was n't , super smash bros melee was n't , and many big games that was released for the consoles was not translated , thus did n't do very well . 
  nowadays it really is no reason not to give pokemon go an official release , but korea does n't have the same love for pokemon as many other countries have . 
  they do love to bandwagon things though so who knows . 
  probably the biggest reason was that the japanese games had to be released under other names , due to the ban of selling japanese stuff . 
  hyundai comboy 64 was their 64 for example . 
  nintendo did n't have much to do with it , the anti japanese sentiment was much at play here . 
  the bans were starting to ease at around 98 , when manga was unbanned , anime still was n't . 
  98 is when the pokemon games first were released , and they were not being sold in korea because of the bans . 
  japanese games were allowed to be sold at 2000 , according to wikipedia . 
  regarding pokemon my foreign friends are still pretty into it , not just because of pokemon go . 
  my korean friends know about it , but do n't care about it , and they tell me it 's probably because they did n't grow up with it in the same way people did in the west ( or japan ) . 
  anecdotal , sure , but i do n't have anything else on the matter . 
  do you ? 
  seeing them next to eachother, 
  they 're both american . 
  sean is from california . 
  pre cast , casting it out of range , making his dude move towards his target , but target blinks in shortly after and gets eulsed instantly, 
  i 've had some success explaining \u00f6 with the u in words like further or murder, 
  for the scandinavian languages i guess learning `` false friends '' is important , and then it should be mostly about getting the `` accent '' right , to get all words that are essentially the same to sound properly . 
  the swedes i know who can handle danish or norwegian properly are those who consume a lot of media from those countries . 
  learning with the standard approach is a waste of time for languages that similar , or so i 've been told . 
  it 's way too frustrating for me personally . 
  i 'd rather just use english with other nordics . 
  regarding finnish , it should be like learning any foreign language , no ? 
  different family and all . 
  you could try the app `` hellotalk '' or the website `` interpals.net '' if you want to talk to foreigners . 
  this dude is just so likeable, 
  if you use an app like hellotalk , im sure you could ask for people to voicecall or voice message chat to practice talking , and they would probably be able to explain these things if you ask them . 
  as long as you are talking to real native speakers that is . 
  so actually your first example could be if someone asked you '' \uba87 \ud559\ub144\uc774\uc5d0\uc694 ? '', 
  and you did n't know that \ud559\ub144 was , so you ask what it is . 
  until someone provides a translation , i can just say that this interview is probably intended for people who does n't know much about dota or esports in general . 
  it was all just basic stuff . 
  literally everyone but you, 
  the build he plays is doing some crafty things with coe and elemental damage for insane burst dps but bad sustained dps , which is why he 's jumping around for the end of every archon instead of doing dmg , and why he spends most time on guardian just stacking stricken . 
  the circle on the ground is a pretty big buff as well !, 
  i wear headphones all the time there , but always keep track of my surroundings in case someone would talk to me . 
  people are alone together , it 's great . 
  across the lake to the south, 
  k before a soft vowel creates a soft k. soft vowels are eiy\u00e4\u00f6 ( there are exeptions , manily loanwords ) . 
  add an s before a soft k and you get that weird sound you 're talking about . 
  watching a dota stream , while reading this in the twice subreddit , made me very confused for a few seconds . 
  \u3142 in initial position is the same though, 
  the verb you are using is \ub9d0\ub2e4 which conjugates to \ub9d0\uc544\uc694 , \ub9c8\uc138\uc694 with the \uc2dc particle , and in banmal can be \ub9d0\uc544 , \ub9c8\ub77c or shortened to just \ub9c8, 
  pretty sure you are referring to \ub9d0\uc544\uc694 btw , as \ub9c8\ub77c does n't take the \uc694 in the end . 
  someone else can probably provide a more in depth explanation btw , but i know that the shortening to \ub9c8 confuses people , and once you get that part the rest should be fairly graspable . 
  finding material in swedish is hard enough so that many language courses in our universities are starting from english . 
  plus , korean casters with a korean team winning is just great, 
  code kunst and bewhy im done, 
  it 's pretty hard to explain this in text , best would be to find sound files [ or a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzyarzvtd4s ) for them , keep in mind that swedish vowels have a short and a long variant , which is pronounced differently . 
  head over to / r/svenska if you need more help, 
  [ more irene with glasses here folks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juw68jaztgi ), 
  he did release a mini album recently , which is partly why hes doing well, 
  dean would work if google knows you well enough . 
  if it doesnt give you anything relevant add ` korean ' or ` kpop ' , or \ub518 if you know korean, 
  it all depends on what ` good ' means to you . 
  for me i 'd say my biggest click so far was after about a year when i started to speak semi fluently , as in not really needing english ( or swedish ) anymore , but rather using what korean i knew to explain words i did n't know yet . 
  getting to that level made it possible to learn by using as well , rather than just by studying . 
  i still have a looong way to go before my korean is on the same level as my english though . 
  it would be great to say that korean is my second best language in the future , but after learning english for like 20 years that seems like it wont happen anytime soon . 
  yeah , grams, 
  there are quite a lot of material available in swedish , but as long as your english is good enough it should n't matter too much . 
  this happens a lot at first when you learn a language , but as things starts to come more naturally you will eventually stop thinking about * how * to say things . 
  bewhy is probably the hottest name in khiphop atm , due to show me the money . 
  good internet and cold dark snowy winter halfyear, 
  i used to play wow quite a lot , but i was always just doing things i felt was worth it , i would get everything preraid done as fast as possible , and then i had nothing more to do except for raids , and once it all was on farm i quit because i did all i had intended . 
  i came back to wow a few times for new raids , but it all ends up being a chore once its on farm , and i cant get myself to log in towards the end . 
  i much prefer games that relies on my skill improvment rather than timesinks like wow . 
  i guess the reward system in wow doesnt speak to me in the same way it does to others . 
  mobas like dota can eat a lot of my time these days though ... 
  workers union is called facket , or fackf\u00f6rening in swedish , and we 've become pretty decent at using fuck even while speaking swedish . 
  being a part of the fuck , or the fuck-union is a bit silly . 
  my cat refuses to use litter boxes , and will yell 24/7 if we dont let him go outside every now and then . 
  hes an entitled bastard but we all love him . 
  in sweden outdoor cats are the norm , unless you live in an apartment . 
  an interesting thing about this is that in language learning it 's not uncommon for people to use harry potter as learning material , because it 's a book that many are familiar with and is translated to many languages . 
  due to that there are a lot of pdf files of the first book in many languages circling around . 
  in chinese it 's y\u00f3ux\u00ec, 
  arbitrary points , no big loss there to be honest . 
  ( will i get downvoted for saying that though ? ), 
  movies could be good , but more so if you speak at a decent level already , as actors tend to speak in ways that make them believable , which speaking properly might not always be . 
  ( kids movies could work though ), 
  duolingo is good for some simple semi natural exposure that is n't schoolbook-like , and will help you retain what you know during a break , for sure , but you might not learn too much from it . 
  reading easier books could be useful , it can be one hell of a struggle when you have to look up all the words in a sentence , and then try to make sense of the grammar etc , but it does help if you sit down and work for it . 
  there are apps and websites for language exchanges , but unfortunately it can be difficult to find people who are speaking swedish and learning english , as most of us already speak good enough to not need that kind of practice . 
  however , if you speak another language that might be of interest , language exchanges could be really useful . 
  good luck !, 
  hes basically fluent , he lived in korea for more than 20 years , and he didnt struggle much at happy together , somis sister seemed to be mostly shy as far as i can tell, 
  sweden has been neutral since a long ass time , and i have never seen a gun that was n't cop or hunting related . 
  there is no correct way to romanize names . 
  it varies depending on the person . 
  that being said , \ubc15\uc815\uc544 is park jung-ah, 
  well it actually says joeng yun , which is ... strange , perhaps a typo eo -  oe , but the modern standard would be to write it jeong yun , but jungyoon is a slightly older method that is still very common , and like i said , both are correct . 
  the best way is to use hangul , the second is to use the most common spelling for that person , which often is what they use themselves , but in this case her instagram seems to have a typo ... 
  well , most people are gon na tell you it 's neither , which is true technically , someone can provide the fancy proper methods of describing these sounds .
