  the english t is close to both \u314c and \u3137 ( according to ipa , \u3137 = t ( unless between voiced sounds , in which case it is d ) , and \u314c = t\u02b0 ) , and the english d is , like i said , closest to \u3137 between voiced sounds . 
  but since we do n't have a voiced sound before it in `` dank '' , the closest we can get is a `` tensed t '' , as in \u3138 . 
  i 'm gon na copy a bit i said in a different post here :, 
  `` the english t is close to both \u314c and \u3137 ( according to ipa , \u3137 = t ( unless between voiced sounds , in which case it is d ) , and \u314c = t\u02b0 ) , and the english d is , like i said , closest to \u3137 between voiced sounds . 
  but since we do n't have a voiced sound before it in `` dank '' , the closest we can get is a `` tensed t '' , as in \u3138 . '', 
  this is all according to ipa , the international standard of cataloging sounds in languages . 
  you mean this is wrong ? 
  in that case you are up against linguists doing this sort of thing professionally . 
  you did n't answer me btw , do you acknowledge the difference in korean consonants when they are in word initial and non-initial position ? 
  you seem to think \u3137 is always the same sound . 
  it is definitely a / d / sound if between voiced sounds , but otherwise it is not . 
  korean does not , according to ipa , have a / d / sound in word initial position . 
  \ub2ec is [ tal ] , \ub538 is [ t\u0348al ] . 
  neither is d , \u3138 is a tensed t. / d / is closer to a tensed t than a plain t. 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_phonology, 
  wow you are pathetic . 
  how fucking low can you sink ? 
  i am not korean . 
  i am currently living here . 
  my korean is not perfect , but i do n't need google to understand this . 
  learn to admit when you are wrong , it really is that easy . 
  that 's all you have to say ? 
  because i 'm right ? 
  for real though you two are just too much . 
  it sure is !, 
  there is a documentary about swedish dialects called svenska dialektmysterier that brings up a lot of similar things , based on most swedish dialects ( 16 episodes , they 're all on youtube iirc . ), 
  fascinating to me was the stockholm e which came from an ie sound that was used alongside e and \u00e4 in the past . 
  i can really recommend it if you have n't seen it !, 
  never said it was . 
  i literally linked you a source that is independent from my korean abilities . 
  what more do you need ? 
  grow up dude . 
  you realize that is from actual korean linguists , right ? 
  why would a random korean outside my door have more authority than them ? 
  i 'm not kronisktrunkande ( which is a pretty good name , got ta admit ) but i would assume it simply means that `` she is cheap '' , and not necessarily a prostitute . 
  i ca n't say that i 've heard that expression before , but anything revolving \u00f6re , and especially in the range of 25 's , means it 's pretty dated . 
  the other expressions are also not common today , but could 've been in the past , i 'm not that well read on older slang . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what they mean either to be honest . 
  a quick google told me that k\u00e5ta maja is an old folkvisa , sj\u00f6holm did not write the song , it 's writer is unknown . 
  ( as far as a quick google can tell me ) so it 's hard to know what these words actually mean , kussimurran and sturske laban are probably nicknames ( likely ? 
  maybe ? . . 
  ) , although like i said it 's hard to tell what they mean , if they mean anything at all . 
  yeah alright good valid point . 
  anything else ? 
  i hope i got this right , but the reason for nothing being close to the sun is the `` gravity well '' , right ? 
  i know this from trying to crash into the sun on kerbal space program and not ever having enough fuel , no matter how kerbal-esque i built my monstrous fuel and engine disasters . 
  it 's a step in the right direction , but if this is to combat the overseas accounts , it 's not gon na do much . 
  you can get a vpn on your phone/laptop/whatever and register . 
  the account is created and you are good to go . 
  do a bit of everything . 
  everything links together , and the memory of our brains work by relating things to each other , so there is no reason to skip basic things til later for convenience . 
  you are just gon na slow yourself down . 
  there is a decent manald heal electrocute build that doesnt use archon , its pretty strong, 
  there is the asl broodwar tournament going on now , the other day it was jd flash semifinals , tastosis were pretty hyped, 
  yeah you should be able to find them on the afreecatv live youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/uck5ebtuoj_hkdxkhnmblaxg, 
  in korea what 's doing well is usually the top established names , current drama osts , and the odd viral act . 
  i ca n't say that i 've noticed anything clc related recently , unfortunately, 
  the korean kpop market depends on marketing rather than quality . 
  koreans do n't search for kpop , the way foreigners have to do . 
  tons of great music from smaller groups is never heard here because they do n't get the marketing required to be noticed . 
  wholesome memes is like accidental therapy, 
  you will not really gain anything , you could learn japanese now and do korean afterwards and you would `` finish '' at about the same time as if you learnt them at the same time , difference being you speak one of them halfway through . 
  if you wan na learn japanese fast , focus on japanese . 
  going from korean , japanese is way easier than chinese to learn , and i would assume it goes both ways . 
  the game is playable on all regions always , but nothing in game transfers between regions . 
  so when you go back to the states you will have a fresh account over there . 
  better luck next time, 
  the korean ad for the new event said 25th though , and considering the chinese servers are not run by blizz i dont think chinese info is that reliable, 
  tv\u00e5tusensjutton is also perfectly fine . 
  so you pick em up again, 
  aw man you are ruining their dreams now, 
  for a second i thought it was some car with strange lights going zig-zag over the street , then i saw the lights trailing other cars and realized that it was impossible to be moving so fast . 
  then i realized that it was hanging over the street . 
  got really confused for a moment there . 
  in dota it 's the same thing , one hero loses like 2 base stats or 1 base armor and suddenly that hero is unplayable . 
  in reality the heroes goes from too strong to reasonable , in most cases , and the current d.va change is probably one of those times . 
  well the no-go zone phrasing is no where to be seen in the swedish articles regarding this . 
  it 's basically just people saying that they prefer not to be there alone late . 
  they 're saying that it is a problem , and there has been a slight increase lately , but it has always been a problem . 
  this english article is definitely exaggerated . 
  `` lawless hotspot '' , ` no-go zone '' ... well , in the original article , the police said that this stuff happens `` in the quiet '' , so the officers patrolling are not noticing anything at all . 
  this article is definitely twisted . 
  the swedish source says that after closing , youths are gathering in the mall . 
  no one is there then because everything is closed . 
  when things are actually open , during the day , there are tons of people , as seen at the start of the video . 
  a `` no-go zone ' , like the biggest , and one of the most visited malls in sweden . 
  yeah something does n't make sense . 
  in that case there is a different source that i was unable to find on the swedish site . 
  well , this article is based on a video from expressen , a swedish newspaper . 
  censoring the news is one thing , but for an english media to take a swedish source and make it sound worse because allegedly swedish people do n't know what they are reporting is just wrong . 
  maybe the problem is worse than what most swedes believe , that does n't mean you can make up news articles . 
  if there is actual sources , fine , but this one is just blatant exaggeration . 
  sorry for not having the letters on this keyboard , using a public pc abroad atm . 
  should 've probably just written in english right away . . 
  most players have a very different mmr in comp and qp , qp being significantly lower . 
  it all makes sense, 
  qp doesnt match as mmr tight as comp , it just gets a game going asap, 
  that might be the case , but the source for this article is expressen , a swedish newspaper . 
  i looked at expressen , to find the article that this was translated into , and found that the `` translation '' was exaggerated . 
  even if the swedish media is hiding things , you ca n't just add things to their articles when doing a translation .
