  no really he is right, 
  after \u00d6zils goal and neuer started to midfield i got my hopes up , wishing that last free kick would take the game 30 minutes more on a header from neuer , but it seems like we still ca n't beat italy ... 
  neuer is known to be a very * mobile * goalkeeper, 
  it has also looked like [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdgqbvdxuxk&amp;t=2m32s ) he likes them risks i guess, 
  he 's not allowed to if it 's outside of the penalty area , and if he would wait until they get in there they have more time to prepare something more dangerous . 
  at least i think that 's his reasoning . 
  edit : btw i like your username , 
  i find solopianoradio to be stressfull for some reason , i prefer to listen to some songs by dj okawari , piano music with hip-hop beats , for some reason that works a lot better for me when i play :p, 
  tbh fabregas fits better with the spanish playstyle , there is much less room for torres since they attack in such a slow way , so a fast , mobile , skilled offensive mf that can pass around works better . 
  in a sense they are playing with 3 attackers but no forward , iniesta fabregas and silva all fit great into that model . 
  i want spain to win because italy took out germany ... 
  and this euro final just had 4 goals . 
  my ex was gluten intolerant and the rest of her family was lactose intolerant . 
  they had some strange meals ... 
  lahm played left though , so in that case coentr\u00e3o is definitely some competition for right , no ? 
  he does play right in bayern though , so i 'm not saying it 's a bad pick , just thought it was a little strange that you said it was no competition , since coentr\u00e3o was amazing . 
  as for the german being represented i would pick \u00d6zil ( maybe khedira , prefer \u00d6zil but khedira was really great in the euro ) instead of sneijder . 
  or neuer because balls , but goalies are hard since the top ones are all so even . 
  you are also not allowed to sag your pants so your underwear can be seen, 
  spain is 12-1 in total goals , not counting pks . 
  in 2008 they had 8-1 , not counting pks . 
  you pee during halftime dude , newbie, 
  now that would give fcb a sick lineup, 
  you play the wrong instrument , 
  malena ernman , swedish opera singer, 
  boy ( r ) fiend, 
  haha , i liked this one . 
  i would 've used a semicolon to get the second example that way , otherwise they seem the same to me . 
  keep it up , 
  the how to say fuck you in different laguages is wrong on many , just sayin, 
  it 's funny how it 's more of an o than an a , but it looks more like an a , so people that ca n't speak swedish naturally reads it as an a , when an o sound would be much more correct . 
  wow , those people are lucky , it 's almost like the video where casillas and iniesta walks up to random strangers and asks them for autograpsh , 
  and yes that 's the correct spelling ... 
  how come ? 
  umm . . yeah !, 
  that was totally what i meant !, 
  entirely on purpose , because you know , reasons ... 
  i do n't even know who those people are ... 
  it 's probably the only repost that makes me smile , and it does so every time . 
  everyone should 've been there at one point though . 
  you 're obviously not very familiar with these . 
  the captchas basically always only ask for 1 word . 
  for this one you write `` letongs '' and you 're through, 
  you can write nothing at all and it will work, 
  what if he was . . joking ? 
  j\u016bjutsu would technically be the most `` correct '' spelling , but the '' \u016b '' is kinda important . 
   good for you , wish i had the same luck, 
  left to right , up to down, 
  you would not be given a gold watch when you start work , they would take the one you already have from you . 
  i 'm 18 , and i still have a few years of studies left . 
  someone with a fulltime job already will most likely not get a well paying job anytime soon, 
  ... and fuck up your network driver so you ca n't connect to internet and fix it without acess to another computer ... 
  true story ... 
  they taste the same ... 
  # 3 is super cute . 
  i 'm usually not a big fan of her but wow . 
  a great book as well , the swedish one that is . 
  heard about focus ? 
  just have your healing abilities as a macro to cast in on your focus target :p, 
  yes yes why did this never occur to me, 
  the untamed blade looks more similar imo http://www.wowhead.com/item=19334, 
  i tried it as well the other day , i thought i was just not good enough :p this made me feel a lot better haha, 
  while this is good in most cases , there has just been some crazy drama where a rank2 arena guy hacked the rank1 using blizz support , to disband the rank1 arena team . 
  keyboard turning and clicking every single spell , i ca n't understand how people find this style to be comfortable , no hate on the player though , everyone plays the way they want . 
  got ta love that execute is back , i 'm so glad i could write it a song !, 
  icecrown citadel would be pretty badass to live in . 
  it felt like i lost all the time in pvp , and i was pretty pissed , then i got an addon that tracks wins and losses , and it 's at a solid 49 % winrate , and it still feels like i lose all the time . 
  probably the most epic dota moment i 've ever seen . 
  would 've loved to be there among the crowd . 
  i use ` g ' as automove, 
  stop messing around and start raiding again , just find some decent people this time and it 'll be great . 
  oh and save your d1 and 2 as well as your tier sets . 
  when farming ore on my main in nagrand i helped some people with the rob quests . 
  they were terrified when i jumped down there and self buffed but quickly noticed i was taking down the bosses and not their tank . 
  i agree that it would be a bad idea but adding another creep on the other side that is stronger than the ancients but not as strong as rosh sounds a lot like lol . 
  haha what ? 
  18 is too old ? 
  most raiding guilds require you to be 18 or older !, 
  i used a similar ui during my raiding in wrath , except i removed all flashy stuff and basically all bright colours . 
  nowadays i just use blizz ui and x-perl because i 'm using 3 different computers now and it 's a pain having to customize them all similarly , unfortunately ... 
  in pub games , bs is perfectly fine , i 'd rather you pick him and play decent than you picking invoker and feed . 
  keep it up !, 
  there are lots if great guides that covers basically all aspects of the game . 
  just take flax 's guides with a pinch of salt , 
  my band played muse covers , you ca n't miss the bassist in muse songs . 
  got any source on that ? 
  how is pms one of the most broken items ? 
  i have an issue that i have with the new skin , and the / r/diablo3 skin as well , when using reddit enhancement suite . 
  as you might know , you can open the pictures without clicking the link using res , and then you can click and drag to resize it if it 's too small/big . 
  when you drag an image to make it bigger than the space used for links , so that it intrudes on the subreddit info to the right , the sidebar to the right will be hidden so that you can view the image even larger . 
  but with these skins , the sidebar is hidden , but the image ca n't use that space and starts to slide in behind the now empty space . 
  this makes the resize feature from res worthless unless browsing reddit in fullscreen . 
  pictures for clarification :, 
  when resizing to make it larger : http://i.imgur.com/xv6yn.jpg, 
  edit : looks awesome though !, 
  is n't that other gif with some celebrity as well ? 
  it 's more ` butt ' rather than ass tbh, 
  shitai means sort of like want, 
  nope , ` want to fuck ' .
