  kinda , the original original says `` i like hugs '', 
  music recommendation : avenged sevenfold - a little piece of heaven, 
  page 2 of hot ; `` invoker on the lane '' . 
  1 day ago . 
  really ? 
  the best verisons are imo by bubl\u00e9 and nina simone . 
  george michael did a pretty good one as well . 
  he 's ok for a caster , not damn good . 
  how do you put the net graph up there in the corner ? 
  mine is like mid screen and in the way . 
  damn you, 
  / \u02c8me\u026ale\u026a /, 
  names can be spelled however you want them . 
  your name is not really in any dictionary at all . 
  melee is . 
  mazzoo said :, 
  i like how it 's in the category / images /, 
  til . 
  why not ? 
  what does pendragon have to do with that ? 
  btw nice name yo, 
  i did not know that . 
  does indeed seem hateworthy ... 
  someone wants to share his thoughts from a slightly different perspective than others , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  someone sharing their thoughts as a dota1 player is far less interesting if you ask me . 
  what are you doing in a discussion forum if you do n't care about what other people think ? 
  you are correct . 
  my post was meant as some kind of clarification to the op , but i guess it did n't really serve it 's purpose . 
  i did n't think about the french , good call . 
  it works just fine , automatically . 
  perhaps they want to give each and every hero alternative names before they add them for one . 
  agree . 
  either that or they learn english, 
  for lower level pubs , without much ganking potential , you can max orb and aura first for a quick win . 
  when you head into midgame with maxed orb and some mana items you will destroy people with just a few shots . 
  skipping orb the way you do makes me feel useless until lategame , and i usually start with at least one point in it , because obsi can be great midgame with just a little farm . 
  invoker and chen, 
  nothing happens when i hit the find game button , they seem down to me . 
  pink is manly, 
  how about chronosphere ? 
  is n't those tide lines his level up lines ? 
  which would explain why you do n't hear them twice in a game . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  oh , and the unfinished icons are just pure awesomeness btw . 
  the finished ones that are in game are also good , if you like the more serious style :p, 
  they seem to be level up sounds !, 
  when are you supposed to take invoke ? 
  ok , and what about the higher ranks of invoke ? 
  join us in reddit noobs , we 'll be happy to explain things for you  there will be the occasional elitist that joins our games there as well , but generally it is a lot more friendly . 
  do n't give up !, 
  look for the reddit channels ; tgc , reddit , reddit noobs . 
  cm is not super common , but it happens . 
  this was also posted 18 hours ago , and it was just as fake . 
  this makes me think of just how much imgur can handle ... 
  for gods sake please level the casters volume , i need to sit and do it manually whenever there is a switch who 's talking or else i can only hear ysee/my ears will die, 
  in dota1 i mained as dazzle , sylla and weaver , but now in dota2 , it has become omni , am and morph ( because people in pubs just ca n't carry for some reason , and for me , picking some support other than omni does n't help them . 
  looking forward to sylla , 
  death prophet mid building tanky can carry a pub really hard , although i believe ns/ursa/lycan are way better pubstars, 
  oh and huskar, 
  dagon on all the heroes . 
  sny carry omni worked really well for me in my early days of dota1 :d, 
  oh , and stack crit weps , but do n't make them daedalus , on kunkka, 
  5 wraith bands and agi threads on weaver is surprisingly effective might i add, 
  you can of course get it , but the point is to stack the lesser ones for higher chance , and daedalus is too expensive . 
  among noobs he is , because detection is rarely used . 
  riki is still a great hero in pro games though , and is a decently common pick/ban, 
  i wan na get agh for krob, 
  black king bear hehe, 
  hahaha awesome :d, 
  [ like this ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/escape-from-a-bear ), 
  naix can work as well, 
  does qb work on syllas bear when it gets entangle ? 
  sweden is like this as well, 
  wait, 
  really ? 
  yes , if something is fett , it 's awesome . 
  swag, 
  ants, 
  - ping is the only one i know, 
  i think it would look better if you mirrored the picture of him , to fit better with the sunlight . 
  looking good , 
  * `` the most photographed celebrities ( stated by the book of records ) are the members of dong bang shin ki ( dbsk or tvxq ) , the korean boy band who would have had the chance of becoming world 's most famous music band and for a good reason . 
  their voices ( in life performances ) beat many other popular artists ' vocal qualities . 
  he was in dbsk before disband , now in jyj , for those who didnt know , 
  haha what is this i love it, 
  japanese , and i can read it , but still could n't find it ... : <, 
  i believe it is that one , but the resolution causes it to look like the same , but that 's the one that blinks to me . 
  and yeah the star was easy, 
  is it because you ca n't eat it or are you just strange ? 
  no it hurts please stop, 
  this has ruined all these find the difference pics , it makes it super easy ... 
  why would you rebind it from s that is perfectly fine ? 
  the nerf wasnt that big tbh , qw is still perfectly viable, 
  swag, 
  goddamnit i live in sweden : <, 
  it looks like it 's blue when you see it under your skin because of how certain wavelengths of light travels through and some not . 
  poor necks, 
  you need to learn how to put the text in each panel properly . 
  if you are being healed too quickly you activate burning spears again, 
  shen really is awesome,
