  i would argue that learning in a natural way is usually more effective than any theoretic approach , whether it is vocabulary or grammar . 
  the best way to learn is , on a simplified level , to understand , and then attempting to be understood . 
  if you learn a bunch of words without ( or with very limited ) context you 're missing out on ( proper ) input and output , which is imo necessary for learning . 
  many people have said before on this sub that anki/memrise is better utilized if you make your own flashcards , from words that you have seen or heard , so that you have a context for it . 
  if you could find some kind of texts that are suited for people trying out the 1000 most common words than maybe that could work , but that 's not really what you wanted to try . 
  i also doubt it would be faster than the traditional approach anyways . 
  although , i do think your idea is interesting , and if you would go ahead and try it , i 'd love to hear what you think of it afterwards , as i do n't think it 's been tried out a lot . 
  ah , as a cloze test , well i suppose that 's a lot better than simple flashcards at least , as it is closer to standard methods , hehe . 
  learning by taking a simple text and learning all unknown words as you go along can be tiresome , and most textbooks basically do this , but divide things and provide vocab lists and grammar structures so that you have what you need to do setup already . 
  i use typical textbooks when i learn , and also try to do a bit of # 000 most common words srs to make sure i do n't lack some common words as i go along , and i think that those frequency lists are best utilized that way , at least for me and my current methods . 
  i guess that in a sense learning a lot of vocab does make it easier to understand a text in an unknown language , i can understand a bunch of random things in european languages i do n't speak , simply by recognizing words here and there . 
  i know a decent bit of hanja ( chinese characters ) that i learned to understand roots of korean words , and i can see them pop up here and there in chinese and japanese texts . 
  i do n't understand what the text actually means though , because i do n't know the grammar and all the things that connect these random words . 
  if your goal is to learn the language it feels a bit like a detour . 
  if you know a bunch of words from a different source , such as a similar language , that 's great , but i 'm not convinced that focusing on it will speed up the learning process . 
  but hey , like i said , if you want to try , please do !, 
  solar is not bad either but damn wheein can sing . 
  but is n't northern sweden known for their weird ass fast food though ? 
  in stockholm it 's fairly normal stuff ( as a swede i might be biased ) . 
  kebabpizza is great btw do n't judge me . 
  it might also have to do with how good their english is . 
  in sweden we will always switch to english if we notice that you are struggling with speaking swedish , but if you tell us you want to practice we will usually be more than glad to help you out though . 
  i 'm sure most dutch people would act similarly , as they also speak english very well . 
  in korea , most people will just say `` sorry no english '' or something like that if you start speaking english to them , or be very impressed if you speak korean . 
  if you struggle with your english in the us or uk you do n't have many other options . 
  in other countries people might speak better english than you speak their language . 
  that would 've been like the discovery of static monk times a bunch , considering 105 is the top clear worldwide atm for wiz and 101 for crusader . 
  badically it can be read as either . 
  context decides . 
  intentionally misinterpreting context -  joke . 
  how is the amount of tabs you have open a problem ? 
  they have originals too , just on the opposite side of thr room . 
  depends on what vowel comes after . 
  some vowels make it sh :, 
  there could be more though , someone else might have to varify . 
  yeah and technically the y vowels are sort of related to \u3163 which is why it happens , iirc, 
  cheap monday, 
  fart in swedish means speed . 
  slut means end . 
  slutstation makes a lot of foreigners laugh . 
  kiss means pee . 
  yep, 
  g\u00e5 in, 
  well shit, 
  its the national day of sweden and were celebrating with flags everwhere , reddit is no exception, 
  he has done a couple of collab songs with american singers before , think you can find them on spotify as well, 
  honestly the only interviews i can handle in esports are when hotbid does them in some lobby somewhere . 
  give us 2gd and hotbid and i 'm happy . 
  mushi , merlini have been called m-gods , but in dota1 mostly, 
  most koreans i 've seen with suits do n't wear socks at all/wears those hidden socks ... 
  edit : if the socks are visible at all, 
  so he has 3 raid group setups + his own party ... 
  he sees all buffs and debuffs on everyone ( which he does n't need to ) and he sees his own buffs twice , and both ways are kinda bad . 
  the sad thing is that judging by the layout he actually put some time into this ... 
  in sweden we start with mandatory english classes early , and you need to speak english quite fluently to pass . 
  but apart from that our media is very anglicized , and we 're exposed to the english language through movies , tv , music , games etc from a very young age , so we learn semi-naturally from our daily life . 
  it 's virtually impossible to spend a day without reading/hearing english somewhere . 
  im not sure what youre asking , but torment 5 should be a complete faceroll with proper setup and playstyle, 
  islam and christianity both has maaany other downsides than is and wbc . 
  i 'm against both idealogies and i do n't think it 's a stupid thing to say . 
  sure , but like i said , the extremists are not all that 's bad . 
  i have nothing against muslims and christians on an individual level , but as ideologies , they both do more harm than good . 
  this is the correct approach . 
  the only exception would be if you use the broken crown to farm gems of a certain type ( and dont want to convert gems ) . 
  you will end up with more legs per time invested with cd or life gems . 
  you usually need a lot of cdr or toughness in early season in order to progress faster up in the torments . 
  people tried with mf gear setups but proper gear always performed better in terms of legs/hour . 
  these days i use diamond in my helm just about always . 
  cdr is king for many builds . 
  wow i did n't see that coming . 
  duncan jones handled that very well . 
  usually if you type with a decent speed it will fix itself , but if you took too long with typing the vowel , the consonant can get stuck in the previous syllable . 
  some softwares have this slight issue , some would rather steal the consonant before so you dont end up with an empty vowel . 
  in that case quin should be out as well, 
  i still miss julian . . 
  so jelly, 
  usually sport kits are kinda noisy so you 'd want something simple to not look like a [ wow tbc character ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lcoiyk3.jpg ) . 
  english is a svo language and korean is a sov . 
  ( subject-object-verb ), 
  ima let you finish but song jaerim and kim soeun was the best couple on wgm, 
  there has been times where the internet mob has started the hate prematurely and then it later turned out to be false . 
   hating on a rapist, 
  not yet proven to be a rapist . 
  i do n't like him either but at least do n't say things you do n't yet know . 
  does n't matter if it 's rape or dui or whatever . 
  mensrights , what , just because he 's a man ? 
  come on , this is about common sense . 
  small pop server, 
  there really is n't much american about it at all . 
  sure it 's not japanese , but that does n't make it american . 
  that 's how you spell subtle in swedish !, 
  feels like home now, 
  soon enough the norm will be to see both as real . 
  what would you call competitive chess ? 
  golf is a sport right ? 
  is chess a sport ? 
  is gaming a sport ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  i wouldnt call esports athletic , but it sure as hell is a sport in my eyes . 
  so that rules out chess as a sport , what about golf ?
