  mmr is hidden , but if the mmr thinks you are better than your sr , you will gain more per win , and lose less per loss . 
  the same , but opposite , is true when the mmr thinks you are placed too high . 
  500/3 .7 here , i play only ana, 
  \u314d is the aspirated , \u3143 is tensed, 
  most kids hate school in general though . 
  i 'm sure if you asked them about maths the result would be similar, 
  korean esports teams generally do not sell merchandise . 
  not even in korea . 
  sometimes you can get some small stuff for free if you attend the matches , but not hoodies or tshirts etc. 
  you can find some at the esl shop site , look under their korean category , but they do n't have anything from the overwatch teams . 
  i 'm just playing medieval ii total war for now, 
  as a european , i wan na go knights . 
  as a swede , i wan na go vikings . 
  as someone living in asia , i wan na go samurai . 
  life is hard ... 
  in korean its \uc5c4\ub9c8 , usually ~ ~ rolanized ~ ~ romanized eomma but eo is a single sound , similar but not quite like o , so almost ` omma ' . 
  still 'm ' related though !, 
  edit : is rolanized even a word ? 
  lmao, 
  sfi ( svenska f\u00f6r invandrare ) might be the best option if you do n't have any background knowledge . 
  it is hard to learn swedish in sweden becuase most people will simply speak english to you , so unless you have a crazy drive and got a bunch of people who will always speak swedish with you , a proper lesson is probably going to be the best . 
  if you know enough to be conversational you could probably learn on your own though . 
  i 'm 172 , originally from sweden , now living in korea . 
  i know what you mean haha, 
  same, 
  interpals and hellotalk are probably the most popular ones, 
  depending on what you will study at uni in sweden , there is often english courses available . 
  as for studying alone for 2 years to reach a level that would be enough to take courses in swedish , it is possible if you study a lot . 
  start with some duolingo to get into it , then pick some of the popular books and go through them . 
  it 's very important to practice a lot , so get pen pals , practice partners etc. 
  watch videos , listen to radio , read simple texts . 
  2 years might seem like a long time , but language learning takes a while . 
  i 'm not sure how hard it is to go from romanian to swedish , but eng -  decent swedish in 2 years is possible , but hard . 
  knowing another language would probably help a bit though . 
  keep in mind that if you will study a university subject in swedish , terms and phrases related to that major will most likely not appear in common books/apps , and will definitely require some extra work , compare to everyday conversation . 
  ca n't tell if serious, 
  honestly though has any hyped game in recent time worked on the first day of open beta/release ? 
  the sudden increase of players worldwide seems to crash just about anything at this point . 
  is the reddit subs even relevant ? 
  surely it only represents a tiny tiny fraction of the players ? 
  you can find the faction subs in the sidebar, 
  people think the samurai look cool ( + tons of weebs ) , the vikings look badass , and the knights look bland . 
  most people i 've talked to have had a view similar to this at least . 
  in most games where you can be samurai/japanese/ninja / whatever they always seem to attract the highest number of players . 
  it likely wont make any difference at all . 
  most player do not frequent this reddit . 
  out of ~ 100k currently online players there is ~ 35 online here , and 1300 total subbed . 
  a faction leader on reddit will simply not reach out to enough players to make any difference . 
  keep in mind the faction war is global and cross platform . 
  there are tons of players who do n't even speak english . 
  hehe, 
  technically it says ` never fall out ' , not ` never be removed ' . 
  a shoe that fits you well should n't fall off , but you should be able to take it off . 
  it will get better with time , dont worry about it too much , just keep reading a lot and you 'll get comfortable, 
  the dankest memes are with the knights , who needs territories really ? 
  wholesomememes are leaking again, 
  wait so if i get it on uplay i can play 5 hours ago ? 
  ( in korea ) and if i get it on steam i can play in 9 hours ? 
  well , to someone who never uses a 12 hour clock , 12am/12pm is very confusing . 
  americans are usually completely lost in metrics , when it 's way more straightforward than imperial . 
  it 's natural to think that 12am comes after 11am , but since there is no 0 , you have to use 12 as the starting point , instead of the end , making things really confusing . 
  this shits lit, 
  any bnet account that logs in at a pcbang can play overwatch , without owning the game . 
  they would create a na acc through vpn to have an account to play on when they get banned . 
  the pcbangs does not have bnet accounts . 
  you usually do n't need to register your ssin to play at pcbangs btw , only certain games that requires korean accounts . 
  ( which will include overwatch now ), 
  the thing about pcbangs are that the pcs have admin rights . 
  they 're essentially just a pc that resets the harddrive after every use . 
  it 's the norm here , and it makes the pcbangs a lot more than just a gaming place . 
  people come here to watch tv series , write essays , etc. 
  some places have certain restrictions to programs and websites , but it 's usually not that strict . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  it 's similar in sweden , the lan cafes there are usually strictly marketed towards gaming . 
  the pcs there are essentially consoles . 
  quite different from korea . 
  and that stagger shield is really annoying to play against, 
  it was used as a battlecry also by people who did n't use latin at all . 
  people speaking different languages had different variations of the phrase , but deus vult was the `` standard '' or at least what everyone was referring to . 
  perhaps deus lo vult was the more grammatically correct one at the time , but deus vult without the lo is not `` wrong '', 
  funny also how in the single player campaign the viking territories are super swedish . 
  \uc2e0\ube44 also means mystery or mystic , convenient excuse for copying her name, 
  when i know kpop better than my korean friends , while living in korea \u3131.\u3131, 
  crazy efficient grinding when playing ( since release probably ) and then some botting on the side perhaps, 
  one starts with a w consonant sound, 
  you could try the app hellotalk , it 's made for connecting practice partners, 
  you mean that you want to meet people in china to practice with ? 
  i found that there were quite many koreans interested in learning swedish on hellotalk . 
  most of them were in korea though , naturally . 
  good shit , dean delivers as expected . 
  so glad to see more of yerin though , her cover of [ \uac00\ub054 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htjtcnygz04 ) was lit, 
  crysis was sort of on the extreme end though , i think the vid maker wanted to show a bit more towards the standard at the time . 
  being racist and xenophobic is really just a huge insult to the greatness of humanity and the amazing cultural diversity we 've all helped accomplish . 
  i 'm with the knights but play kensei and orochi , i just prefer the gameplay of those two , compared to the knights . 
  i do like the warden and lawbringer , thematically , though . 
  playstyle not so much . 
  something that i noticed that i ca n't give any explanation to at the moment , is that overwatch is dropping in popularity recently in korea . 
  it used to be solidly on a couple of % s above lol , but now lol is at 28.6 % and ow is at 25.8 % . 
  they 're still by far the biggest two games , but this trend does n't seem to stop just yet . 
  perhaps something happened in the lol community/esports that made the popularity rise ?
