according to mr. chae , idra did think that mma had the gold up and running . 
  than and that idras front was killed made him leave . 
  i read somewhere that he said he has n't been practicing enough , i guess you can add some bad luck to that as well, 
  i read both streams will cast the finals : o, 
  holy wow he is good . 
  gon na give this spoiler thing a try, 
  ###### killing that pool won him the game lol :p, 
  heard of iccup ? 
  there you have the reasons to why there never will be lan . 
  i second that, 
  so good . 
  tvt is one of my favorite matchups tbh . 
  it 's so strategical and full of action , with drops , stim-attacks , sieges and what not . 
  for an amazing tvt , watch todays games between ( spoilering this just in case ), 
  ###### mma and ryung, 
  it was soo good , 
  as long as mma or mkp wins the next game as well it 's all good imo , 
  yeah , that 's how i imagine it as well, 
  go voidrays on scrap :p, 
  mma would crush him . 
  he actually performs better when he 's behind , said it himself, 
  i think http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dignitas_ ( roman_concept ) is more likely . 
  huh ? 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  why ? 
  `` i for one enjoy seeing those apm numbers go high during action-packed assaults or intense macro '', 
  production  apm ? 
  `` yeah sure it might be , but the apm will only be intresting for a few seconds , just a tab back and forth '', 
  as is sjow , who happens to be one of my favorite players to watch , but i find it interesting to see sjow 's apm is during critical moments of the game as well . 
  day9 has his own tent , i believe it was just the gosusenses showing their pretty face, 
  i lol 'd, 
  i do n't get it :d, 
  i guess polt was right , huh, 
  this made my day , so cute :d, 
  it 's # 269 , 
  soooo ... 
  wow debo is amazing < 3, 
  thanks for the info , 
  although i feel like doing that is too much of a coin-flip , since my micro really is n't that great yet , and like i said , if i lose the engagement i ca n't reinforce fast enough to survive . 
  should i focus on adding more production facilities than i need ? 
  so that i can reinforce faster ? 
  or should i improve my micro to a certain level where it 's consistent and `` safe '' for the 200/200 attacks ? 
  thanks a lot , i 'll try that , 
  on close spawns siege is kinda impossible , for me at least . 
  but when you scout it , what is it that gives it away , i 'd guess the nest , but are there anything else ? 
  far too often i 've scouted it and yet no bust , it feels like the builds are n't that refined in gold level play to assume it just because of an early-ish nest . 
  but thanks , i guess siege mode asap is very important . 
  alright , i 'll keep that in mind , 
  ah , makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  will keep an eye on that , 
  oh , interesting . 
  i really need to learn what to look for when scouting it seems . 
  first , that timing if they went for lair , is it just as i scout lair = go for it ? 
  second , that build looks really promising , i 'll try it out  and , versus z , do you transition into standard marinetank play afterwards ? 
  thanks a lot , 
  i make just enough structures that i can support on the bases i have , but i should probably make more , right ? 
  would i be able to do a push with that build against a gold level 14hatch , like i would against the lair tech ? 
  i noticed that most z 's i play against have a hard time dealing with early pushes when they hatch first , and if they hold it off , they did n't make drones . 
  so i guess as long as i kill something , it should be kind of a win for me ? 
  as i can safely expand behind it as well , if i put them on the defense . 
  makes sense , is there a desired amount or do i just need to find a good ratio ? 
  that 's a standard korean pose :p, 
  i lol 'd xd, 
  ###### thorzain might 've played sloppy since he was allready through, 
  how about infested terran ? 
  really good , 
  the marine . 
  there was a korean guy having an ama recently , try to ask there . 
  the 2v2 only puts you against a harder opponent the first placement game . 
  it does n't mean you can get put in diamond even when loosing all 5 . 
  it 's definitely because he was high diamond last season , played one placement , got put in diamond again ( with 0 points ) played more games , lost ( did n't lose points since he did n't have any , so it looks like it was placements games . 
  i 'd actually like to see any game with day9 playing seriously . 
  i 've only seen him play a showmatch agains tasteless i think , and i wan na see if the guy we learn so much from is any good at the game or just good at trolling  ), 
  j/k , just wan na see him play , 
  yeah , i 'm very pleasently surprised . 
  wolf is really similar to tastosis , like hoolaboris said , and torch is actually really good as well . 
  too bad they 're both so biased towards their own teams :p, 
  this . 
  t to the f-ing his . 
  daily # 269  watch it everyone who has the same problem as the op . 
  it 's really good . 
  steelseries ikari laser is amazing . 
  palm or finger grip both are really confy ( i use finger ) , great response time , 2 fully custom dpi settings , easily to switch between , as well as enable `` free move '' . 
  you 're the one missing out , 
  lol 'd :p, 
  i doubt they can hear more than just mumbling , if anything . 
  although . 
  / care :d great games anyways . 
  thorzain being spiderman sense as usual . 
  demuslim . 
  i do n't believe anything could compete with sc2 , and the reason is that there is no company that can make anything as well produced as sc2 , the resources simply does n't exist . 
  other big rts games have trouble with online systems blocking loads of people , some have huge balance issues , etc , just because they do n't have the time , money and people needed to fix it . 
  i 'm no professional , i do n't know much about programming or marketing , but i do know that sc2 is the `` best '' rts game i 've ever played , in terms of all-round quality . 
  and i have played quite a few . 
  it 's kinda sad actually , if for example company of heroes was as balanced as sc2 and had something similar to battle.net ( working as good ) i would probably play it as well . 
  you ask if something would have the `` feel '' of sc2 , similar to how dota are compared to hon and lol , i say no f-ing way . 
  if you will make something new , do n't make something old , if you know what i mean . 
  there are many many great rts games if you go by the `` feeling '' , but like i said , the general quality does n't get close to sc2 . 
  this is probably horribly incoherent , but i do n't have time to read it through .
