  felt awesome, 
  i summoned a flame atronach and shot a lot of fire at him . 
  i was at around lvl 17 ... am i the only one that really do n't like mainquests ? 
  if you 're on pc i bet you can console the shit outta that , otherwise you 're in for a loong wait , i got my old oblivion char stuck in the vampire cure quest . 
  still is a vampire after all these years, 
  what 's weird about swedes ? 
  i think we 're all perfectly normal ... 
  always drunk , true . 
  obscene , maybe ... 
  this guy is really really good , however , i love the original soundtrack enough , and find it fits the game better . 
  i hope your music taste is contagious, 
  my dad is too busy with excel to play games at all . 
  he has never touched a video game , ever . 
  my dad gave up . 
  where do i fidn vsync in the ini file ? 
  we want moar !, 
  i reached 50 hours after the first weekend ( + friday ) , i was pretty sure it was still friday night, 
  ah , thanks , 
  this one . 
  going strong , yes , still milking . 
  dwemer is the correct name . 
  deepelves, 
  or something like that, 
  grab an axe and kill things . 
  everything is so similar to swedish i bet i could understand a book written in old norse , lol . 
  naming weapons like that will make me feel dyslexic . 
  yes do eet, 
  fun thing , try to reanimate the dragon and watch the bones fly away, 
  dragons are n't possible to reanimate , but some spells , like reanimate dead , makes the dragon bones shoot off in the distance , team rocket style ( if aimed right ), 
  wow : o, 
  i 'm glad i ca n't see my amount of quicksaves ... 
  [ you can have cicero follow you ? 
  :o ] ( / spoiler ), 
  cicero 's voice really is awesome . 
  i alt tab to it twice and it works . 
  ... whatcha doin ' tonight ? 
  hero is really cute, 
  this . 
  `` it 's like these idiots never even read the article . '', 
  pay attention people, 
  why did you kill him , he 's definitely a bro if you talk magic with him, 
  his accent is awesome , only one that comes close is delvin mallory, 
  which is completely awesome , what accent is it btw ? 
  i got worse than you , it works fine , but on low  go for it !, 
  the shouting would be so awkward since i play at night when everyone 's sleeping , hahaha, 
  i got an issue where 2 of the decoration sets never installed at my house , even though i payed for them . 
  the steward says its all bought still though . 
  awesome . 
  spare him , aight, 
  if you ask your fellow brothers and sisters they will tell you about that bow and the statue , just fyi , 
  go for it bro , 
  she definitely goes up a few when dat smile though, 
  well played, 
  nicely done , had intended to do this later , but you beat me to it , 
  the draugr wants some light bro , do n't hate, 
  i accidentally did it once , been deep in the shit ever since . 
  all i see is a new crab humanoid race for skyrim . 
  i love this guy . 
  made him my follower , picked up the other jester clothes , and now we 're buggin ' the shit out of everyone , in stereo . 
  i play as an altmer walking around in thalmor armor and doing my job killing people who worships talos . 
  feels good man, 
  nope , he is awesome, 
  upvote for poor grammar, 
  my ex wanted me to be noisy, 
  or scheso and schebab, 
  about the falsetto , his dad probably read about this before the 50 's . 
  its a pretty common misconception . 
  about the rest , well ... 
  you never speak on the ride though right ? 
  when my enchanting hit 100, 
  i would never kiss you . 
  have a nice day, 
  we could have had it all, 
  her finger is really long . 
  start by ordering what 's on the commercials . 
  just a tip, 
  aloud ? 
  he did n't make this up himself : / i saw a picture long ago of the same thing , although , this was very well executed !, 
  the movie with rain ? 
  have you seen his abs ? 
  i 'm with your dad on this one . 
  for my last two characters i did n't even go to riverwood . 
  i feel more free not being the dragonborn, 
  where in sweden is this ? 
  still no trace of snow here in stockholm . 
  this is the first thing i thought of , i 'm sorry , i 'm not saying you 're ugly . 
  but still ... good luck , you 'll get the hang of it eventually , i 'm sure , 
  vallentuna perhaps ? 
  and of course it just happen to snow a few hours after i wrote this , oh well , the snow melted in central stockholm already . 
  good times . 
  he was boxer and had a smurf called ellenpage . 
  no idea when or what he switched to . 
  i know now he 's using foxer and marineking ( but in korean ), 
  first thought : a gay couple ? 
  what 's so upvotable about that . 
  then their heads swapped . 
  thats the wrong gangster hat, 
  well of course , but this was a picture that showed a generalization . 
  but sure , you are right . 
  kristen *,
