  he is in wc3, 
  oh god my tounge is all wrong now , goddamnit you, 
  10 points to gryffindor !, 
  i 've had the opposite problem , i forget to turn my mic on and sit talking to myself for hours . 
  it 's not as embarrassing , but you sure feel like an idiot ... 
  i hit him with my car . 
  clearly not my fault since i was drunk ... 
  wow that 's a retarded macro ... , 
  void is a lot better than sniper so do n't worry, 
  well then ? 
  champions . 
  wards , wards everywhere, 
  in wow , there is high level and low level , high level is max level , and low level is below that . 
  if you are just one or two levels below max level you can still call yourself high level . 
  47 is not high level , and there is no medium level . 
  so , low . 
  it 's sad that they are separated by the factions as well , hopefully they 'll will get together in coming patches , 
  back in wrath and tbc i was so happy when i could go to outlands and finally get some good quests . 
  nowadays i 'm constantly dissapointed because 1-60 is soo much better since cata . 
  part of the reason why mom is good is that you 're not supposed to take damage in your chrono, 
  there was a shitton of absolute crap in the 60 's and 70 's as well dude . 
  there should be an option in interface to `` disable/enable scrolling combat text '' ( not the addon , but the blizz default feature ) . 
  tried that one ? 
  pretty sure that 's how i did it . 
  when we did this and we got to use colored paper , libya was a given for me . 
  otherwise , japan . 
  you 're not thinking it 's strange how they tell you that your order should ship in x days when it 's a completely digital purchase ? 
  :p the shipping info is there for all purchases , and it tells everyone that an authenticator takes longer , no matter what you bought, 
  jazz and classical had it way before beatles ... 
  they do n't say you have bought an authenticator , they say if you did , it would take longer for it to be shipped . 
  you bought what you bought and that 's it , i just do n't understand why they keep telling everyone shipping info even though they only buy digital stuff . 
  mercator ... 
  awww , 
  ah , makes sense , i used to have it but not anymore . 
  this guy , he totally knows things, 
  and ? 
  and ? 
  how do you make it that zoomed out ? 
  make this a thing , now, 
  that man is the king of funny, 
  ca n't believe i missed that !, 
  thanks :d, 
  good one , although the one when he was kidnapped is the best, 
  it 's true actually , it 's a pretty big thing in korea with all the starcraft progaming , they did science and shit about it, 
  the time client is open is visible on your stream acc already though , right, 
  stay strong and keep trying when people scream at you . 
  i thought these we 're like , skipable ? 
  but it 's only up to cata though, 
  * get banned for botting, 
  \u00f8 is danish/norwegian , \u00f6 is the swedish equivalent , and accented letters is not really our thing , \u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 what we have :p, 
  when i leveled my monk i was often in all-monk groups . 
  when i past 80 i did n't see a single monk , still have n't seen one . 
  did n't this only work in wc dota ? 
  there is a save function in reddit already ... 
  i 'm not op , but i thought i 'd give my advice here . 
  imo , the guide by mihir ( i think it was him ) on mmo champ seems to be the most accurate one atm . 
  noxxic and elitistjerks are both great and have some interesting additions as well . 
  the only problem we have is our complete lack of raid utility , which makes us less desirable for ten mans . 
  i 'd recommend gearing an off-spec pretty much immediately , and also , our heal and tank specs are pretty skill dependent , so do n't expect to just jump over and do well in hc 's right away . 
  take some time to learn the specs , preferably while levelling . 
  fof is an interesting spell , atm i find it to increase my deeps as long as i do n't get energy capped , not only does it deal good dps , it 's also our top chi-to-damage spell , so imo , do n't skip it . 
  it goes well with haste in the way that you wo n't get faster energy capped the more haste you have while using it due to it 's channel being faster , but you should avoid using it during energizing brew . 
  try the other specs out . 
  they 're a lot easier to learn in lower levels , and you should probably have an off spec ready when raiding , since we kinda need some raid utility at least . 
  which video ? 
  cooldowns reducing fall damage ? 
  nah , it was because of collision . 
  your character had nowhere to go but was being pushed around by the solid parts from the other zepp , and that dcs you , i 've experienced that a few times before , although not with zepps, 
  there are people who spends all their time on private servers of previous expansions . 
  i 'm sure if the option existed it would be quite a few people who would like it . 
  for me it was this game :, 
  we are the top performing healers in pve atm . 
  go for it !, 
  yeah fcb has n't played that good in cl ( yet ) , but they 're doing ok in bundesliga ... 
  page not found when writing the link . 
  fake ? 
  i 'd recommend letting us know if eu or us . 
  entertaining as always , 
  another thing you can do is to solo onyxia and magtheridon if your class is capable of soloing them . 
  as a windwalker monk it was really easy . 
  both bosses drops big bags, 
  and then you take a look at windwalkers , we do n't bring anything to the raid , except for our mediocre dps !, 
  which one is not spot on ? 
  you could also click the little icon by the minimap, 
  actually , get the best buff food and it 's 300 extra . 
  pandas rock, 
  the original idea was that survival was going to be their melee spec , but it was scrapped in early vanilla . 
  windwalkers are shit in pve and pvp . 
  brewmasters are an ok tank , nothing special . 
  mistweavers are great in pve but bad in arena . 
  see any monks ? 
  i 'm talking about situations where the skill level is equal . 
  not some dude owning pve geared people in random bg . 
  not a stupidly high geared guy beating badly geared people . 
  absolutely , people are still learning the class , but even so , there are people who just rerolled for mop to other classes and are doing great in high ranked play . 
  i know it 's not really a fair comparison since other classes are figured out by other people , to some extent , but it 's not like a class is some rocket science . 
  i never called for nerfs or buffs though , i just stated the situation in which they are in . 
  ( although blizz is buffing windwalkers in 5.1 already . ), 
  not only mmo-champ . 
  arenajunkies , wowpedia and even curse client has been flagged .
