  i think the main reason for this is that we 've never actually been noticed by the rest of the world . 
  we 've only been independent for 100 years , and we have n't had any major global power since the viking age . 
  i do n't know how this leads to patriotism , but i feel like it does . 
  it gives us a strong sense of unity . 
  for example , when we are mentioned by someone outside of scandinavia , particularly the us , the whole country goes nuts . 
  we identify very strongly with everyone and everything norwegian , but that 's unfortunately also one of the reasons for our immigrant integration problems . 
  we are , but it 's been 40 years since the last time we were at this level, 
  women 's handball is very popular . 
  men 's handball is not as popular , but there are still quite a few people that watch it . 
  playing it is also fairly popular among teenagers , both male and female . 
  you 're a viking , not a lumberjack, 
  the cities in the north are significantly smaller , the two biggest cities up there have 50-70 thousand inhabitants . 
  around 50-100 thousand , i 'd say . 
  depends on how you define `` major '' . 
  it 's just a phase, 
  no , go away, 
  rasmus is a great name for norwegians . 
  `` rass '' means ass and `` mus '' is slang for vagina . 
  what exactly is the deal with estonians getting scandinavian names ? 
  i probably only know the names of three estonians in total , and they were named stig , karl-erik and ragnar , three very scandinavian names . 
  why is this , and how common is it ? 
  maybe try and convince your friends . 
  if they could join , or at least support you , it 'd be a lot better, 
  i saw a swedish debate show where a norwegian journalist from aftenposten talked about how terrible the climate around immigration debates is in sweden . 
  that 's when i realised how lucky we are to not be a tumblr-country like sweden, 
  the ira and the eta calmed down . 
  before the 2000 's , almost all of the terrorist attacks were from independence movements within europe . 
  after the 2000 's , the attacks have been fewer , but more deadly . 
  they have mostly been attacks done in the name of islam as well , not independence . 
  honestly , swedes do n't need our absence to look like dicks . 
  what 's weird is it was foreigners on the internet who first made me aware that romanians were commonly linked with roma people . 
  it may be i was just lucky , but i do n't think the tie is that strong here . 
  or at least it 's not anymore . 
  well , i certainly do now . 
  thanks for informing us , brave palestinian infiltrator . 
  wallah . 
   swedish  working in oslo checks out, 
  baltic countries : in the eu norway : not in the eu sounds a lot like you 'd rather have us than the baltics , germany . . tsk tsk, 
  i honestly do n't remember where , but they pop up every once in a while in different places . 
  may very well be bad research , but i know i 've seen it . 
  to who ? 
  this only counts eu countries , i think . 
  norway and finland have consistently been the top two countries for coffee drinking . 
  finland tends to be on top if you measure by cups , while norway is on top if you measure by coffee beans . 
  probably because they speak jamaican creole . 
  they all learn and know english , but to eachother they speak a language that 's similar , yet with some big differences . 
  has n't lived here since 2002 either . 
  this man is probably the least norwegian norwegian man to ever live, 
  i know , i think you 're missing all of our points . 
  i 'm not saying trump will get elected , but he has done a billion times better than anyone predicted at the start . 
  one of the reasons he has done so much better than expected , is the dismissal of him by his opponents . 
  it 's been the same with brexit , although the remain side 's dismissal led to leave 's victory , something that will most likely not happen in trump 's case . 
  as if you 're in a better position than we are . . our gdp is almost as big as yours , despite the fact that you have almost twice the population . 
  we know . 
  that was n't his point . 
  when trump first announced his presidency , everyone said shit like `` it 's just a pr stunt '' , `` he has no support , he paid those people to clap during his announcement '' or `` he 'll be out of the race in a month '' . 
  he has taken it so much further than anyone expected , and that is partly because of the left ( and right in this case ) dismissing him from the start . 
  have you ever made weed pasta ? 
  it 's jemtland , you peasant . 
   play with your balls and ( especially if you are a woman ) what kind of women do you have down there in italy ? 
  i 'm partial to the impeccable kvikk lunsj myself . 
  / r/norge may not seem like a very fun place all the time , but we really rose to the occasion this time . 
  [ not so fun when you 're forced to leave , is it now ? 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/fvsijsl3ndpy.jpg ), 
  yeah , no joke . 
  and / r/texas ( / r/placetexas ) was pissed because of it . 
  `` rightful [ countrynamepossessive ] clay '' has been a common line in webcomics and other posts on reddit for years . 
  it 's supposed to be in bad english . 
  you 've been on this site for four years , you should know better . 
  \u00d8st-tr\u00f8ndelag and b\u00e5huslen is rightful norwegian clay . 
  finland 's part in the russian empire ca n't be compared to prussia 's role in the german empire . 
  besides , helsinki was a russian city when finland was a part of russia . 
  note the _ was _ , i never said poznan was still a german city . 
  up to 40 % of the city 's population was ethnically german at one point , and it was definitely a german city in the sense that it was a part of the german empire . 
  i heard of polight three days ago . 
  apparently it 's supposed to be some super futuristic camera technology that can change the lens ' shape in a millisecond . 
  so it 's permitted , but not practised . 
  if that 's the case , then it 's simply in the wrong category . 
  it was close to 30 % at my high school just a couple of years ago . 
  granted it 's asker , but still . 
  15 % + of swedes are foreign-born , over 20 % is of non-swedish ethnicity . 
  crap , so i guess oppdrag danmark failed . 
  we 'll get you next time , believe me . 
  in nynorsk , you actually have f\u00f2r , f\u00f3r , f\u00f4r and for . 
  apart from that , we sometimes use \u00f2g instead of og ( and ) and we sometimes use \u00e9n ( one ) to seperate from en ( a ) . 
  the swedish city of malm\u00f6 is sometimes written as malm\u00f8 by norwegians and danes . 
  he 's talking about neighbourhoods in malm\u00f6 which can be described to be in ghetto-like situations . 
  the norwegian wikipedia page for the king of norway describes him as `` norway 's formal head of state '' . 
  i 've seen him described in different ways , i guess it 's a little fuzzy what exactly he is . 
  and a lot more children . 
  the birth rate in the us is a lot higher than in europe . 
  exactly . 
  france has managed to keep their birth rate above 2.0 , mostly because the politicians prioritised it . 
  there 's no reason the rest of europe , and germany in particular , ca n't change the current trend . 
  this is not an unsolvable issue . 
  we understand it 's going to be the netherlands first , but can we make it finland second ? 
  flnylnlfnynnfl navy seals nflgln lngnllng nlgn nlfnl !, 
  lnllg ntlflglltnl lnlf glft gorilla warfare . 
  norway recently switched from burgundy to orange , the netherlands can do it as well if they wanted to . 
  definitely,
