  `` germany lost the ww ii , but fascism won it . '', 
  -- george carlin , comedian, 
  see ? 
  people need to know that quitting will kill you too !, 
  thank you for telling me more about your pov and thoughts and circumstances . 
  my own family was and partially is a perpetual emigrant and all around the world for far too long . 
  and while we 'll never be together again in the same place and under same umbrella , it 's still not the end of anything . 
  the west is getting what it was dishing out in several ways over time . 
  learn the deeper lesson here , and do n't despair or give into any kind of absolutism . 
  west only dug up its own grave , and for those who followed it for lack of a better role model or sense it 's their own choice . 
  not everyone follows nor eats up their ways and economic schemes , blackmails , ponzi schemes , manipulations and other baloney they sold to their own people as well . 
  there are different ways always , and there is always a choice and choices . 
  there is no need to give up on your own self and life . 
  do n't ever think like that again . 
  defeatism does n't serve anything or anyone . 
  things are never as dreary as some would like you to think . 
  rethink your options , and if you think you need to move then plan it out and find your own place in the world no matter what others say . 
  we 've survived for centuries without the west , we 'll survive even if it all truly goes down the drain . 
  so what ? 
  who care about the so called `` brain drain '' when most of them do n't do jack shit abroad either . 
  notice that `` smart '' rarely actually means `` success '' or `` achievement . '', 
  you need imagination , faith , and will to make choices and settle things in your own mind first . 
  most of these `` followers '' and so called `` leaders '' never had any imagination or legit ideas and solutions so they parrot what others ages ago said , wrote , did etc. 
  just see this all as an opportunity , a natural process of life and societies and human complacency . 
  learn what you can from it , do n't give up on yourself , and keep in mind that you make your own life and nobody else . 
  the west doesnt ' matter , nor the north , east , south . 
  the politicians , banks , scientists do n't matter either . 
  it 's all a game of illusions and mirrors and smoke . 
  it 's just a stage , and you as an observer can detach and go your own way and do n't let it all occupy your mind/spirit/soul / life so much . 
  the external world ca n't own you or occupy you or get you down unless you let it . 
  trust in yourself , and if you change your mindset to a more positive scenario/s in your life then ways and opportunities will meet and greet you in the outer world as well . 
  the rest of the world can go and fuck itself anyways . 
  the west never truly mattered , never will . 
  it 's all was just a scam and now it 's just an end of the show . 
  while tesla did say he considered himself serb and croatian , his ethnicity was/is serbian , and he was born in what is today a croatian village in austro-hungarian empire back then . 
  that was still his own responsibility how he lived , where he lived and how he died . 
  multicult did n't force a gun at his head . 
  you know he 'd end up the same back home . 
  ethnic serbs kicked out ? 
  funny how most of my family 's friends ethnic serbs in several towns never ran away to serbia because they knew who attacked `` us '' and `` them '' in the 90s . 
  careful , sweetie , facts , information , videos and the fact that even the croatian military told serbs in specific areas to `` stay in their country croatia '' are available to general public , but seems like some were too paranoid and some were too guilty . 
  i am not from the west nor do i consider myself `` western '' ( and all its possible definitions , lelz ) . 
  yes , i do agree that overpopulation is somewhat of an issue , then again there are ways to deal with it whether it 's technological improvement , educational programs , bettering the quality of life , using alternate resources etc. 
  some resources are not as scarce as what the average person might think . 
  and yes , i can hear the economists groaning already ... sighs . 
  look , even if the irish become outnumbered by 2050 in their own country , or the capitals such as paris , berlin become 60 percent ghettos it 's also their responsibility and/or accountability . 
  it 's not like they were always non-gethos , before . 
  all things gobble themselves sooner or later . 
  such is the cycle of and nature of artificial urban and suburban communities anyways . 
  why do you worry about them so much anyways ? 
  you do realize they never saw you or me or ee or see nor will they see you as the right kind of `` white '' or `` western '' ? 
  right ? 
  western white people will not die out anyways . 
  well , unless they specifically choose such a destiny . 
  but then again even that would be their free will and free choice . 
  exactly !, 
  yugoslavia did n't work out and multiethnicity and multireligions and multicult did n't and does n't work out not in the long term nowhere on the planet . 
  but again , you have to realize that the west saw and sees our `` mix '' as an opportunity to divide in the past and even today , and their own `` multicults and multipots and humanitarianism and diversity '' as special case/s and a sign of their nobility and kindness and superiority even when most of it is below the surface kind of an epic mess , bigger mess than yugoslavia was before the wars . 
  seriously , do n't concern yourself with the west or waste time , energy , thoughts , on them . 
  why care about the west in any way , shape or form ? 
  focus on yourself , on creating , on having faith in your own culture and community and family and yourself . 
  damn , should i go burn theirs or not ... 
  decisions , decisions , decisions . 
  why bother , do n't want to contribute to climate change . 
  well , maybe it 's their culture ? 
  do n't judge , you really have not much to judge while germans burn refugee centers . 
  not to mention your past . 
  david has a tiny one . 
  look the world will not collapse because of twerking , indian food ( watch out for the spicy fried spinach dishes ) , or even trump 's naked belly ( muh eyez ) . 
  cultures come and go , mix or do n't , share or steal , reinvent themselves across time and space . 
  it depends on many variables . 
  the only constant in the world is change . 
  paranoia can be treated . 
  try green tea and foot massage . 
  contain yourself , unleashed emotion !, 
  you have no points . 
  so europe needs to import foreign terrorism ? 
  enough already . 
  you 're not nobody , you 're somebody !, 
  do n't be sad . 
  have faith in yourself , and all will be possible !, 
  come to our slavic parties and fatten up with delicious pastry and meat and drink and then dance for the whole night to not turn into a balloon . 
  hugs !, 
  oh yeah , party for two weeks !, 
  eat ramen noodles . 
  drink from puddles . 
  and find a local homeless shelter . 
  contact me for 234596 ways to make ramen dishes . 
  http://whattheysayaboutusa.com/politics/20150813/33588/slovenia-croatia-cia-medvedev.html not like cia ever frolics about in the balkans ... https://inserbia.info/today/2013/08/croats-bosnians-serbs-you-have-been-manipulated-war-was-staged-former-cia-officer/ but hey what would a former cia officer know ? 
  gim me famous , or no real fact !, 
  woah woah , the `` unknown sources/heard/spied / observed/anon '' can only come from the `` approved '' journalists and journals that write what some want to read and not about complexities of reality in collective reality of the world . 
  if the us says they did n't , it be dah truth !, 
  why would they lie ? / s, 
  did n't you hear , communist dictators are a daddy archetype so you can tell people the facts about `` life '' on cuba , but it all goes out the other ear . 
  you never know . 
  all those cigars , he could have lived to 99 . 
  do you need we to wipe your tush as well ? 
  well it 's not like there 's no smoke over the we morals . 
  at least they did some good over centuries . 
  but hey , lets just see the devil in russia because western euro titty said so .
