  feminist historians have been pointing out for a couple of decades that the renaissance inaugurated the worst witch hunts , but it is also clear that these grew out of an earlier history . 
  laws empowering kings and lords to persecute witches were enacted throughout western europe from the early feudal era . 
  the earliest barbarian codes , such as the first salic law , were more concerned with punishing defamation _ as _ witches than with punishing witches themselves . 
  those who committed magical harm paid a fine , the same as for a physical attack . 
  the norse codes treated sorcery similarly . 
  under christianization , roman law was brought into play , and burning at the stake appeared . 
  a late recension of the salic law ordered burning for those who killed with incantations . 
  roman law heavily influenced the visigothic code , which ordered burning at the stake for worshipping `` demons , '' and flogging and enslavement for diviners and other witches . 
  the lex rotharii of north italy forbade witch-burning , but allowed lords to kill their ( female ) subjects as witches . 
  bishops at the council of paris ( 825 ) called for rulers to `` punish pitilessly '' witches , diviners , and enchanters who practiced `` very certainly the remains of the pagan cult . '' [ de cauzons , 118 ] in 873 , the french king charles the bald issued new laws ordering all counts of the realm to hunt down and execute sorcerers and witches in their domains `` with the greatest possible diligence . '' [ quierzy-sur-oise statutes , in russell , 73 ] alfred `` the great '' decreed death , exile or heavy fines for witches and diviners , and of women who consulted charmers and magicians , added : `` do not let them live . '' these provisions were repeated by edward and guthram ; then ethelred ordered witches exiled ; but ethelstan ( 928 ) renewed the call for them to be burned at the stake . 
  so many excuses , so little time , eh ? 
  yeah , sure ... 
  nothing to do with religion . 
  like the witch hunts in the 16th ,17 th , 18th centuries . 
  the witches were attacked because alien lizards told christians to hunt them down . 
  nine million of them just went puff . 
  not like anyone such as a pope made proclamations even against cats to the point that in spain they were tortured , burned alive , and guess what ... the black plague spread thanks to fleas on rats that nobody was there to hunt . 
  god bless nature and the circle of life . 
  beautiful and oh so poetic . 
  the invisible cray cray attacks people . 
  nobody knows where the cray cray comes from . 
  no cause and effect at all on this planet . 
  lel not like islam teaches anything negative against women since oh i dunno the 6th century ... 
  stretch your `` reasoning '' some more why do n't you . 
  i am sure that 's what her husband did as well . 
  oh well , maybe salvation for women really is in death . 
  satanism also keeps looking pretty good in comparison to other religions . 
  satan and eve ... at least , the serpent gave her a choice . 
  sweetie , we were not born yesterday . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/a-snack-by-any-other-name-varying-food-standards-irk-new-eu-countries/ `` researchers have found packaged foods may look the same in germany and the czech republic , but are n't the same on the inside -- the version in prague is often of an inferior quality . 
  the practice , advocates say , reflects a belief among suppliers that they can still palm off poorer quality goods to central european consumers more than a quarter of a century after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  the food industry says differences in some products ' ingredients are simply due to the peculiarities of national tastes across the eu . 
  `` we 're not [ saying ] companies can not adjust their products to consumer demands , '' said olga sehnalov\u00e1 , a czech member of the european parliament . 
  `` we are talking about different quality when it comes to the composition of the basic ingredient . 
  i think that this is unacceptable . '' with just two months left of the slovak presidency however , the dispute is unlikely to muster the support required from big member countries to push it onto the agenda . 
  breaking the two-tier system and forcing companies to sell identical branded products across the bloc would require the eu to revise its food legislation -- a prospect relished by neither the food industry nor the european commission . 
  a czech official said their push was receiving quiet support but only from less powerful countries such as bulgaria , croatia and estonia , which are conducting their own studies . 
  a commission official declined to comment on whether brussels is examining the issue but pointed out current rules require food products to list every ingredient , which fully informs consumers . 
  `` as long as products comply with eu legal requirements and do not mislead consumers as to their main characteristics , no legislation prevents companies from differentiating products according to markets , in line with the taste , preferences or purchasing power of consumers , '' the official added . 
  just not the same a 2015 study by prague 's university of chemistry and technology examined ingredients in brand-name products in german and czech supermarkets and found some had markedly different ingredients . 
  a 1-liter bottle of sprite in german supermarkets was sweetened only with sugar , for example . 
  the same bottle in czech supermarkets was sweetened with fructose and glucose syrup , as well as artificial sweeteners aspartame and acesulfame . 
  the czech sprite was also slightly more expensive . 
  the slovak and czech governments see this as unfair : their consumers are in some cases offered pricier but lower-quality food than that in their rich western neighboring countries . 
  `` the truth is if you ask people in central and eastern europe about this -- they mind it , '' sehnalov\u00e1 said , adding that many saw it as a `` matter of discrimination . '' researchers found that the same packet of iglo fish sticks in the czech republic contained 7 percent less fish than its identical german counterpart . 
  iglo had no comment . 
  and researchers found that in nestea lemon , a brand of flavored iced tea co-owned by nestl\u00e9 and coca-cola , the czech version had more artificial sweeteners and about 40 percent less tea extract than a german version . '', 
  is dah best !, 
  i am team lino-lada too . 
  http://reason.com/archives/2006/04/03/one-man-many-wives-big-problem `` here is something else to consider : as far as i 've been able to determine , no polygamous society has ever been a true liberal democracy , in anything like the modern sense . 
  as societies move away from hierarchy and toward equal opportunity , they leave polygamy behind . 
  they monogamize as they modernize . 
  that may be a coincidence , but it seems more likely to be a logical outgrowth of the arithmetic of polygamy . 
  other things being equal ( and , to a good first approximation , they are ) , when one man marries two women , some other man marries no woman . 
  when one man marries three women , two other men do n't marry . 
  when one man marries four women , three other men do n't marry . 
  monogamy gives everyone a shot at marriage . 
  polygyny , by contrast , is a zero-sum game that skews the marriage market so that some men marry at the expense of others . 
  for the individuals affected , losing the opportunity to marry is a grave , even devastating , deprivation . 
  ( just ask a gay american . ), 
  but the effects are still worse at the social level . 
  sexual imbalance in the marriage market has no good social consequences and many grim ones . 
  two political scientists , valerie m. hudson and andrea m. den boer , ponder those consequences in their 2004 book bare branches : security implications of asia 's surplus male population . 
  summarizing their findings in a washington post article , they write : `` scarcity of women leads to a situation in which men with advantages -- money , skills , education -- will marry , but men without such advantages -- poor , unskilled , illiterate -- will not . 
  a permanent subclass of bare branches [ unmarriageable men ] from the lowest socioeconomic classes is created . 
  in china and india , for example , by the year 2020 bare branches will make up 12 to 15 percent of the young adult male population . '', 
  the problem in china and india is sex-selective abortion ( and sometimes infanticide ) , not polygamy ; where the marriage market is concerned , however , the two are functional equivalents . 
  in their book , hudson and den boer note that `` bare branches are more likely than other males to turn to vice and violence . '', 
  to get ahead , they `` may turn to appropriation of resources , using force if necessary . '', 
  such men are ripe for recruitment by gangs , and in groups they `` exhibit even more exaggerated risky and violent behavior . '', 
  the result is `` a significant increase in societal , and possibly intersocietal , violence . '', 
  crime rates , according to the authors , tend to be higher in polygynous societies . 
  worse , `` high-sex-ratio societies are governable only by authoritarian regimes capable of suppressing violence at home and exporting it abroad through colonization or war . '', 
  in medieval portugal , `` the regime would send bare branches on foreign adventures of conquest and colonization . '', 
  ( an equivalent today may be jihad . ), 
  in 19th-century china , where as many as 25 percent of men were unable to marry , `` these young men became natural recruits for bandit gangs and local militia , '' which nearly toppled the government . 
  in what is now taiwan , unattached males fomented regular revolts and became `` entrepreneurs of violence . '', 
  hudson and den boer suggest that societies become inherently unstable when sex ratios reach something like 120 males to 100 females : in other words , when one-sixth of men are surplus goods on the marriage market . 
  the united states as a whole would reach that ratio if , for example , 5 percent of men took two wives , 3 percent took three wives , and 2 percent took four wives -- numbers that are quite imaginable , if polygamy were legal for a while . 
  in particular communities -- inner cities , for example -- polygamy could take a toll much more quickly . 
  even a handful of `` solomons '' ( high-status men taking multiple wives ) could create brigades of new recruits for street gangs and drug lords , the last thing those communities need . 
  such problems are not merely theoretical . 
  in northern arizona , a polygamous mormon sect has managed its surplus males by dumping them on the street -- literally . '', 
  hopefully they do n't learn about gas chambers from germans , eh ? 
  she is n't dead ... she 's in a coma . 
  ah , those germans and their idyllic life commercials . 
  bad for marketing for some ... anyways , i do n't buy italian , polish or any other imported meat or dairy products . 
  i only buy foreign candies ( usually macedonian , slovenian , ee , some western euro but the we ship us lower quality so you have to be careful ) and best to stick to homemade domestic products people . 
  better it costs a bit more , than costs someone a life or health . 
  the issue is primarily how they view female children and women in islam , among other root endings of the entire problem . 
  lets not kid ourselves here . 
  not saying the male children and men are somehow better off , but the male cloud god monotheisms were n't started by a bunch of women angry about life and their lack of control over it and others in order to make themselves feel powerful and important on the backs of others . 
  sighs , it 's used in biology for ... https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/paedogamy, 
  flower crowns await you !, 
  hug the finns into feels !, 
  that 'd be eu propaganda . 
  paedogamy is mutual fertilization of gametes ultimately derived from the same parent cell or gametangium . 
  webster online dictionary . 
  not many are into radical personal responsibility on this planet . 
  society ?
