  great time to start making my own clothes . 
  hell , my ancestors did it , my mother did it ... ca n't be that freaking complicated . 
  * stares at the curtains - scarlett o'hara moment *, 
  `` a story about the city i refrain from searching for all justice , truth , i refrain from attempts to let ideals arrange my personal life , i refrain from everything that until yesterday i considered essential for some good beginning or good end . 
  i would possibly refrain from myself , but i can not . 
  because who will remain if we renounce ourselves and flee into our fears . 
  who will inherit the city ? 
  who will watch it for me , when i am gone , while i am searching in the trash heaps of the human spirit , while i am as it is alone , staggering without myself , wounded , tired , feverish , while my eyes begin to wax before my personal defeat . 
  who will watch my city , my friends , who will carry vukovar from the dark ? 
  there are n't shoulders stronger than mine or yours , and therefore if it is n't too much for you , if there still remains in you a youthful whisper , join us . 
  somebody has touched my parks , the benches that still have your names carved into them , that shadow that you gave it at the same moment , and received your first kiss - somebody has simply stolen it all , because how do you explain that not even a shadow remains ? 
  there is n't that store window in which you admired your personal joys , there is n't that movie theater in which you saw the saddest film , your past has been simply decimated and you have nothing . 
  you must build anew . 
  first your roots , your past , and then your present , and then if you still have the strength , invest in the future . 
  do not be alone in the future . 
  do not worry about the city , it has been with you all this time . 
  only hidden . 
  so that the murderer can not find it . 
  the city - it is you . '', 
  -- journalist , radio reporter from vukovar sinisa glavasevic , killed at ovcara 1991 . 
  the origin and history of the word `` whore '' is interesting ... `` barbara walker , in her dictionary of woman 's myths and secrets , points out that the hebrew word hor means a cave , pit , or dark hole . 
  the spanish word for whore , puta , derives from the latin term for a well , but the latin term for grave , literally `` a hole in the earth , '' is puticuli , meaning womb of rebirth . 
  these terms for whore were not derogatory . 
  the latin term had its root in the vedic , an early sanskrit language , wherein the word puta is defined as pure and holy . 
  the cave , the pit , the hole , and the bottomless black lake were metaphors for the great goddess , she who is unnameable , that darkness primordial from which all life ( light ) is born . 
  she is the everything and the nothing -- hole-y , holy , wholly . 
  the sacred whore at work was , in fact , the manifestation the great goddess . 
  today these ideas are not completely lost . 
  the hebrew folk dance named the hora , a tradition at jewish weddings , is named after the circle dances of the sacred harlots . 
  such holy harlots were often `` brides of god '' similar to modern nuns , the `` brides of christ . '', 
  the holy harlots were set apart to give birth to sons of god . 
  in other words , these women had the job of changing human-animal into human-god . '', 
  `` typical example . 
  the horae of aphrodite -- her `` celestial nymphs , who performed the dances of the hours , acted as midwives to the gods , and inspired earthly horae ( harlot-priestesses ) to train men in the sexual mysteries '' * -- were magically transformed by the church into virgins ( the kind who do n't have sex ) , martyred , and turned into three maiden saints -- agape , chionia , and irene . 
  done . 
  another example . 
  in iceland , a very matriarchal society at that time , every woman worshipped the goddess in her own home , on her own hearth . 
  this woman was known as a `` hussy , '' and typically shared her `` hus '' ( which meant both home and place of worship ) with more than one `` hus-band . '' but when iceland agreed in about 1000 ad to become christian , guess what ? 
  the word hussy became a derogative term . 
  done . 
  the christian patriarchy seemed to be all about taking the power to choose away from women , a woman 's power over her own body being a prime example . 
  at first glance one might think , how can anyone take one 's power to choose , or to control what she does with her body , away from a woman ? 
  we all know how it 's done today . 
  through public opinion , rape and the perpetuation of rape culture , legislation , and any number of societally accepted norms ( from pay scales to product marketing ) that marginalize and diminish women , or try to . 
  and often succeed . 
  as the catholic orthodoxy rose to prominence in western and eastern europe , a woman with a lover became indistinguishable in the eyes of the church from a professional prostitute . 
  both were considered `` whores . '' in fact , women who gave their love and body freely to a lover were tortured in hell as viciously as the reviled prostitutes . 
  st. augustine and others depicted the torments reserved for sexually active women ( whether lovers or whores ) as being among the very worst -- [ greater than those for murderers , for example . 
  '' ] ( https://spiralwoman.com/tag/whore-of-babylon/ ), 
  roflmao while eating a croissant, 
  * headdesk * a romanian lecturing me on firearms and things he has no idea about ... `` croatia is a special case because of the war ... '' roflmao fucking end the entire europe already , the stupid is spreading !, 
  ah , eff 'em all , the sleazy pieces of shite !, 
  may karma get grab them sooner rather than later . 
  criminals will get guns one way or another with or without laws because they 're criminals , and you can tell them that you did n't want to be barbaric when and if they come after you . 
  i am sure they will understand and go after someone else . 
  sighs , okay flower power for the win !, 
  i like mexico 's ( live it to believe it ) the best since i also saw their videos and whole tourism campaign and it was splendid and true for the most part . 
  viva mexico !, 
  the rest are just making me anxious ... lmao . 
  honesty is the best policy . 
  hey , hey , 60 year old tourist ladies give generous tips in our strip joints . 
  every person on the planet and tourist speaks french !, 
  why come if you do not speak french and breathe french and laugh in french , and cough in french ... you 'd think they 've never been to france or something . 
  the queen ? 
  she knows people in low places ... 
  lobbying , bribing , tipping ... what 's the freaking difference ? 
  ma 'm , it 's canc ... * 200 euros flash before the doc 's eyes * ... it 's a tiny benign formation of 3 mm . 
  be sure to come again !, 
  i do n't think they want to hang out with the corrupt . 
  graph people got ta eat too . 
  `` judge not , lest ye shall be judged . '', 
  germans , so much to teach them so little time ... 
  seems legit . 
  this is why i love poland . 
  they know people . 
  they get shit done . 
  what 's next , anti-pasta commission ? 
  so wrong . 
  a kidney perhaps ? 
  you just need to know the right rats . 
  shush . 
  take it and grin . 
  one does not simply bribe the police here . 
  even a mayor did n't get off lightly . 
  gee , and here i was wondering why our doctors and nurses are leaving ... 
  what if the doctors leave for tipping included in paycheck countries ? 
  yeah , the more my grandmother `` tips '' the sicker she is ... my health is fantastic on the other hand . 
  hehe, 
  just pray to the weather gods and sacrifice bunnies and you 'll have what we have . 
  watch out for [ bura ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bngmcgihvfu ) , someone misread an invocation and this breeze just wont let us go ... 
  and they told me that bribery does n't work . 
  nope , time does n't exist like you think it does ... http://www.physicscentral.com/explore/plus/timeless.cfm `` philosophy and physics may seem like polar opposites , but they regularly address quite similar questions . 
  recently , physicists have revisited a topic with modern philosophical origins dating over a century ago : the unreality of time . 
  what if the passage of time were merely an illusion ? 
  can a world without time make sense ? 
  while a world without the familiar passage of time may seem far-fetched , big names in physics , such as string theory pioneer ed witten and theorist brian greene , have recently embraced such an idea . 
  a timeless reality may help reconcile differences between quantum mechanics and relativity , but how can we make sense of such a world ? 
  if physics does indeed suggest that the flow of time is illusory , then philosophy may be able to shed light on such a strange notion . 
  british philosopher j.m.e mctaggart advanced this idea in 1908 in his paper titled , `` the unreality of time . '' philosophers widely consider his paper to be one of the most influential , early examinations of this possibility . 
  looking through mctaggart 's philosophical lens , a reality without time becomes a little more intuitive and , in principle , possible . '',
