  male cloud gods ? 
  metaphysics ? 
  government ? 
  laws ? 
  police ? 
  authorities ? 
  imams ? 
  mothers ? 
  fathers ? 
  brothers ? 
  sisters ? 
  feminists ? 
  schools ? 
  mosques ? 
  ah , who am i kidding , in the end , it 's an illusion of safety anyways . 
  the longer version is long . 
  how about childmarriageophobia ? 
  the basis was and is the content of your character . 
  do n't hold back now . 
  charming as usual . 
  activists like many other groups can just see what they want to see or in this case `` sense '' and `` smell '' the `` air of or eau de racism and islamophobia '' and they 're not into saving children or women or men because that 's not their expertise . 
  their expert noses are trained for finding only one kind of truffle . 
  how dare you infidels be rapephobic and pedophobic and shariaphobic ... ay , allah will find you and curse your bacon bits . 
  eish , stop being a neurotic drama prince ( ss ) and chillax . 
  dalmatia is extra protected . 
  you 're an optimist . 
  how is it possible to think that finland is n't real ? 
  i do n't know , but it happens ... [ seems that spain is n't real either ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/comments/2aqgj7/apparently_spain_isnt_a_country/ ), 
  in the ee , if it grows in nature , you trust it and enjoy it . 
  usually we do n't need help , then again depends on what morons and tourists and other speshal snowflakes do near crucial/sensitive areas . 
  you still owe us now . 
  haha . 
  edit ; i was kidding because the op seems to be into `` favors returned '' game , and i was not taught to give to another with expecting anything in return . 
  baloney . 
  people across cultures and countries had plenty of contact before as well . 
  thanks to `` hungarization '' and `` germanisation '' we had `` croatian national people 's movements '' . 
  the more you know someone ... 
  funny , my rural ancestors got moved about by various morons from various empires , countries , nations , they spoke several languages before an urban traitor in the capital did . 
  but hey keep spinning your own illusion . 
  i 'd never accept a danish first or second immigrant as croatian ... 
  they would probably shed their wolf fur all over my carpet . 
  also , croatians are martens so you know ... 
  species confrontations and all that . 
  also , croatians do n't trust anyone . 
  just the other day , i did n't even trust myself . 
  it was a good call . 
  yeah , blame it on the peasants !, 
  damn those crop frolicking farmers !, 
  you 're so open minded and so not into prejudices . 
  you must be from a metropolis and not born in a stable sucking on a goat tit , reading mein field . 
  lmao . 
  never change . 
  hehehe . 
  yeah , well , you 're ejaculating at the wrong tree here . 
  i am more into real issues in this thing we call life . 
  and male tears mugs or pussy terminator t-shirts or whatever it is that burns the bacon of the world 's revolutionaries these days are n't among them . 
  my ejaculating telepathic antennas ejaculated . 
  david icke says it 's the alien lizards , and at this point i am starting to believe him . 
  this is why the heavens weep over the brits . 
  what can i say ; i do n't judge a pub by its cover . 
  erdogan would n't want it any other way . 
  the patronizing gives him wings !, 
  the local pub has plenty of those verbal types after about five beers . 
  you should read more . 
  people going all adam and eve pre-fall to share the joy of living and consenting for the purpose of expressing and sharing sentiments towards another human being from lusty to lovey-dovey so that they can preferably orgasm in order to make the post-modern life bearable for at least a couple of hours or wank it out in the privacy of their own four walls and a cuppa of tea ? 
  perpetuating the ignorance of intimacy and sexual realities of consenting adult human beings so that the overlords have enough frustrated , suicidal zombies doing the nanny - state approved conventional dirty work cause we all know sexual repression and shaming of the sex act , human body does so much good to people ? 
  for more info : wilhelm reich 's `` the mass psychology of fascism '', 
  tears are a kind of ejaculation . 
  there goes tantra down the drain ... 
  and then the uk said , `` let the peasants wank to a picture of eaten cake ! '', 
  feel free to start with yourselves , porcupines . 
  womankind calls it ; keeping it real , yolo !, 
  at some point , you got ta go and find a new job if you 're that miserable over the 2.5 % raise instead of 4 % . 
  boredom ? 
  do n't hold back now . 
  let it all out . 
  the tragedy of whining 24/7 . 
  this explains so much . 
  rawr , lil tiger , rawr the eu baddies away !, 
  * passes you a handkerchief * must be tough not to be as cool as the slavs . 
  there 's no need to be nostalgic for the past . 
  the future is now !, 
  direct democracy got hitler 's nsdap elected . 
  around 43 percent of germans voted for him or 17 million people . 
  ca n't you think bigger ? 
  or read a history book ? 
  you do realize that the founding fathers were not into direct democracy or direct voting because ... `` a democracy can not exist as a permanent form of government . 
  it can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury . 
  from that moment on , the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits from the public treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy , always followed by a dictatorship . 
  the average age of the world 's greatest civilizations has been 200 years . 
  these nations have progressed through this sequence : `` from bondage to spiritual faith ; from spiritual faith to great courage ; from courage to liberty ; from liberty to abundance ; from abundance to selfishness ; from selfishness to apathy ; from apathy to dependence ; from dependence back into bondage . '', 
  ( emphasis added ) http://www.democrats.com/node/807 '' `` n an article , are we a republic or a democracy , professor walter e. williams of george mason university , explains how our founders strove to create a republic instead of a democracy , and why . 
  the following are some excerpts : james madison , federalist paper no . 
  10 : `` in a pure democracy , `` there is nothing to check the inducement to sacrifice the weaker party or the obnoxious individual . '', 
  at the 1787 constitutional convention , edmund randolph said , '' ... that in tracing these evils to their origin every man had found it in the turbulence and follies of democracy . '', 
  john adams said , `` remember , democracy never lasts long . 
  it soon wastes , exhausts , and murders itself . 
  there was never a democracy yet that did not commit suicide . '', 
  chief justice john marshall observed , `` between a balanced republic and a democracy , the difference is like that between order and chaos . '' '', 
  ec is there to ensure two-party system stays put no matter which one `` wins '' , everyone else can go eff themselves because direct democracy is a mob rule game anyways .
