  https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/the_unreality_of_time http://www.space.com/29859-the-illusion-of-time.html http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2012-09/book-excerpt-there-no-such-thing-time http://www.sciencealert.com/reality-doesn-t-exist-until-we-measure-it-quantum-experiment-confirms, 
  well to be fair , time does n't exist . 
  ikea supposedly has/had `` swedish values . '', 
  still funny as hell . 
  oh and the `` criticism '' is just words , in my culture you look at what a person/group/company is doing and not just yapping about . 
  so you know immediately what an individual means by ` integration ' ... you know , paranoia is a mental issue . 
  stupidity is europe 's biggest threat . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/oct/02/ikea-apologises-removing-women-saudi-arabia-catalogue oh sweden , such progress ... o_o, 
  actually nobody made them leave , since some of our generals went to the streets to tell the people to stay home and to not leave since nobody wishes them harm and this is their country ... 
  some left because they chose so , and some did fear retribution , and some were actual war criminals , not like they were welcomed with open arms in serbia either . 
  shrugs , you do n't have to listen to the `` west '' and so called serbian politicians since they profit off of people 's misery , fears , differences on all sides for their own gains . 
  they 're vultures and idiots . 
  israel sold weapons to the yugoslav army for attacking us , and i still do n't consider all of them complete morons . 
  i thought beer pubs were the hotline for men ... there are hotlines for men , do n't exaggerate and play victim for crying out loud , i thought that was only done by '' `` feeeeeemales '' . 
  you have lines for domestic abuse , suicide hotline , even one for violent men that need consulting over the phone etc etc. 
  i know , you 'll melt away if something is n't 100 percent about you , but just call the icebergs are melting hotline . 
  donkey making love ... that 's poetry , not oppression . 
  i really love this excuse `` poverty '' , you know as someone who was actually poor and i do mean poor with a capital p , i 've never been violent just because the poverty in me had a rabies attack nor was anyone else in my culture taught that this is a shiny excuse to go and buzz around and mess with others . 
  then again , maybe it 's cause i am not a male so maybe all violence is a matter of gender ? 
  there 's a new shiny excuse for you . 
  maybe it 's the culture and the gender ? 
  i was poor so maybe the hunger messed with my head . 
  how come so many poor people in certain countries do n't lose their shit and start molesting , beating , hating others ? 
  what could it be ? 
  i just do n't know ... ps : i still prefer hanging out with the poor , because they 're not full of shite like the rest of the `` intellectuals '' and `` sociologists '' of the wurld , online and offline . 
  everyone has personal responsibility and choices , does n't matter if they 're a wealthy troll that 's bored out of their minds and starts crap , or a poor troll that needs to project their frustrations on everyone . 
  history and present has plenty of poor people that started their own businesses just with an idea and their own change of mindset , as well as wealthy people that fucked all their money away because of irresponsible and/or immoral choices . 
  nothing is set in stone , except individual and group choices . 
  you just do n't get their culture ... 
  it 's america the land of the free giggles, 
  magical age ??? 
  you do realize that the female bodies usually ca n't handle giving birth during their freaking teen years because they 're not fully grown you sgdhfjgkl !!!, 
  not to mention the consent here ... go back to kindergarten , you troll !, 
  you do realize that there is more to not marrying off female children than just their consent , right ? 
  i mean , look at what child birth does to them and the health defects and suffering teenage wives in muslim cultures , north african countries go through just because mustafah needs `` fertile cow '' to pop him out ten more mustafahs ... http://www.girlsnotbrides.org/fistula-a-silent-tragedy-for-child-brides/ `` then i met hadiza , a sweet 16 year-old who was married to her uncle at 9 , pregnant at 12 and developed an obstetric fistula after prolonged labour and her baby 's death . 
  she was one of 63 fistula patients at the danja fistula center in niger with whom i spent a week in february . 
  hadiza is recovering from her 4th fistula surgery a month ago and lives in hope that she will be `` dry '' again . 
  fistula is a condition that affects hundreds of thousands of women , sadly 90 % of them in africa . 
  their story , like that of hadiza , is one that hardly gets told . 
  the tragedy of obstetric fistula for women and girls in africa an obstetric fistula is a childbirth complication due to obstructed labour when the tissues between a woman 's vagina and her bladder or rectum are damaged from the continuous pressure from the baby 's head stuck in the birth canal . 
  the dead tissue falls off resulting in a hole through which the woman continuously leaks urine or faeces or sometimes both . 
  the tragedy of a fistula patient begins when she goes into labour . 
  try as she might , the baby wo n't budge . 
  hours pass , days even and her suffering continues . 
  she is in a remote village with no midwife or access to medical attention . 
  added to her physical pain and suffering is the mental anguish of a lack of information about her situation . 
  her baby dies inside her and has to be extracted , sometimes piece by piece . 
  hadiza , child bride and fistula patient in nigeria hadiza learns embroidery as part of a social reintegration programme at danja , with her dead child goes her dream of motherhood and that desperate ache and incomprehension that accompanies every woman who has miscarried or lived through the birth of a still-born child . 
  then her second tragedy begins . 
  she ca n't understand why she is leaking urine or faeces or worse still , both . 
  soon she gets used to the constant drip of her bodily wastes down her leg and to the strong smells she emits . 
  her husband sends her home to her parents . 
  in some cases , her smell becomes so unbearable , even her parents put her out , consigned to a hut far from the house , sometimes having access to others only when food is passed to her , in some cases , using a shovel to maintain distance . 
  one of the populations most vulnerable to fistulas are young brides . 
  child marriage is a global problem with an estimated 14 million girls given out in marriage before they turn 18 , some as young as 9 . 
  14 of the 20 countries with the highest rate of child marriage are in africa . 
  the toxic combination of a young girl having sex , getting pregnant and going through childbirth when her body is not developed enough accounts for at least 25 % of known fistula cases . 
  you do not have to have a daughter to imagine the impact of child marriage . 
  it cuts across countries , cultures , ethnicities and religions . 
  these children are robbed of their childhood , denied their rights to health , education and security , trapping them in the vicious cycle of poverty . 
  and yet these decisions to hand out girls in early marriage are mostly taken by those who should be responsible for protecting them -- their own parents and guardians -- sometimes in the name of tradition . 
  i spent 7 hours in the operating room observing 4 corrective surgeries at danja . 
  it costs about $ 450 to give a woman her life and dignity back . 
  but repairs , important as they are , will not eradicate fistula . 
  programmes are needed that reach communities to dissuade them from marrying their daughters as children . '', 
  those children are working hard yo !, 
  transformation . 
  better than digimon and pokemons . 
  meditate and you too can reach this state . 
  he 's back !, 
  get your guilty out and repent , sinners !, 
  shush , the west know best hence so many interesting stuff happening these days ... 
  source or it did n't happen . 
  your `` patriarchy '' whether run by a male or a female , or military industrial complex or political parties need women pushing out new babies for future soldiers ... 
  it 's rather usual logical business practice . 
  besides , you do realize women were n't allowed into armies before . 
  right ? 
  the male war machines did n't allow women . 
  not that i care much about that , since only men can butcher and then whine about it and pretend they have ptsd and make movies about their own cognitive dissonance . 
  besides , the rape scandals in the army are also known , so why join anyway ? 
  war is and forever has been a mostly male run business . 
  military societies usually promoted homosexuality among their soldiers since ancient greece , japan , and middle eastern cultures ... why would you need women in another boy 's club ? 
  think of the oppression you 'd have to go through . 
  and you 'd have to give them the same paycheck . 
  http://www.cracked.com/personal-experiences-2280-dark-realities-how-military-treats-male-rape-victims.html https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/05/19/witness-raped-us-military-retaliated-against-life http://www.gq.com/long-form/male-military-rape i love how the `` more men are raped then women in the army '' is always a first tidbit you find in male interest magazines ... how shocking that in an army that has more men than women soldiers , you have more male victims of rape ... 
  shocking !, 
  ah that male intelligence ... rub one out in the oppression olympics , boys !, 
  you 're the biggest victims ... of your own system . 
  ah the irony !, 
  i am not saying it 's baconophobia , but kevin knows it is . 
  bacon keeps beckoning ... 
  bacon triggered them . 
  in my language we do n't say `` he is in debt up to his eyeballs , '' we say `` he 's in debt like greece '' and i think that says something ... 
  oh baloney , the most beautiful houses , cottages , traditional building methods and decorations were built by my grandparents ' generation without any sobbing over the fact they had to also make their own shoes . 
  and its all still standing unlike the horrifying shitbuilding of matchboxes that your eyes and soul is allergic to . 
  oh please , even pigeons shit on them, 
  where alien lizards are offered their yearly human sacrifices and tonnes of gold . 
  my eyes !, 
  lmao , went to bulgaria and was `` the fuck is going on here ? '', 
  when visiting a friend 's building ... commies , never forgive them , never forget !,
