well islam and nazism are n't that different , are n't they ? 
  why do you seem to think your country 's crimes are put under the rug ? 
  you 've had traitors , and until you understand that everything will just recycle . 
  it 's pathetic to play the eternal victim , look what happened to the german muh victimhood game ... did n't end well , now did it . 
  go to your chetnik supporting government and bend over some more . 
  serbian nazi collaborators did n't exist ? 
  come now ... chetnik movement , anyone ? 
  why do n't you grab an actual history book ? 
  not my problem you 're confused . 
  they 're really into the `` slave labor '' will set you free ? 
  i dunno , i am not german . 
  you think the average person even knows what satire is ? 
  satire is n't for everyone for good reason . 
  you mean the west ? 
  come now , the rest of us will be fine as per usual . 
  take a pill , it 'll help . 
  some tea maybe ? 
  maybe germany needs more 1 euro per hour workers ? 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  and if he wins , he 'll give up the presidency to beyonce while side-eyeing taylor swift . 
  use lube and treat your lovers gently . 
  there are two different kinds of cowards , some call themselves brave and murder others , others run away from those who call themselves brave and take their towns , cities ... 
  if yezidi and kurdish women can do it , i do n't know why so many 30 year old bearded children ca n't ... 
  stop the drama , for crying out loud . 
  nobody is `` taking europe '' . 
  go play a video game , child . 
  us is not a democracy . 
  the statue of liberty is sweating !, 
  aw , you want a pissing contest ? 
  why do n't you move to canada then ? 
  what is stopping you ? 
  canada bribed orgs , un , undp , universities and people to lie ... it 's as simple as that . 
  well , i just call it a ponzi scheme . 
  bless the founding fathers , love their sense of humor . 
  yes , wikipedia knows everything . 
  little corruption , eh ? 
  hehehe , that 's what you think . 
  mexico is where the freedom is at . 
  oh yes . 
  http://www.city-journal.org/html/ugly-truth-about-canadian-health-care-13032.html https://www.lifesitenews.com/opinion/canadas-healthcare-system-is-crumbling-our-palliative-care-is-broken...-so http://www.healthcarecan.ca/crumbling-hospital-infrastructure-threatens-the-care-of-canadians/ https://fee.org/resources/canadian-health-care-system-crumbling/ sweetie , education also means that you also need to go through life experiencing things , traveling , talking to people in different fields and expertise . 
  your own mind sees what it wants to see , that 's not fact , that 's an illusion . 
  what even is electoral college in the usa you mean ? 
  `` what are the electoral states ? 
  the united states electoral college is the institution that elects the president and vice president of the united states every four years . 
  the president and vice president are not elected directly by the voters . 
  instead , they are elected by `` electors '' who are chosen by popular vote on a state-by-state basis . '', 
  how many electoral votes does each state have ? 
  `` currently , there is a total of 538 electors , there being 435 representatives and 100 senators , plus the three electors allocated to washington , d.c. . 
  the six states with the most electors are california ( 55 ) , texas ( 38 ) , new york ( 29 ) , florida ( 29 ) , illinois ( 20 ) and pennsylvania ( 20 ) . '', 
  i think the question was `` the fuck are these electoral votes '' ? 
  how ignorant and racist of you ... * sobs * i 'll have you know that nobody makes cow tongue in peanut sauce like my carnal in df , you pinche agave !, 
  are n't they all ? 
  come on , calm down , the world will not end no matter who wins . 
  prayer circle , anyone ? 
  florida is weird enough even without the rednecks . 
  lelz, 
  partypooper , it was getting exciting . 
  ah , usa , ca n't do anything exciting . 
  sad florida is blushing . 
  omfg , gaaaaah !, 
  because muslims ca n't live with other muslims in peace ? 
  because internalized islamophobia ? 
  because white people are less racist or oppressive than sa ? 
  sweetie , i 've lived in mexico city . 
  it 's more european than most of us and canada cities . 
  he needs florida for the win . 
  waaaaaaaait , waaaaaaaait ... 
  texas is turning red ... go longhorns go !!!, 
  lmao what a shocker !, 
  now it 's blue-ing ... woah , tejas !, 
  whoever wins , i ca n't wait for the ... `` it 's the end of times !, 
  i am moving to canada ! '', 
  funny how they all run to canada , and nobody runs to mexico . 
  canada , it 's time to consider building a wall !, 
  ah yes , the slogans tell us all about every candidate . 
  lmao , ay bless us , they need it like woah !, 
  yeah , rub it in to the yank . 
  yeah ... 
  who are you to refuse free food ? 
  do n't make me build a wall between you and the crepes !, 
  baba vanga said obama would be the last president of the usa . 
  either hilarious wins ( first female pres ) or grabinatortrumpet wins and starts a civil war . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
  never mind . 
  all will be clear soon enough . 
  naive summer child . 
  the octopus has but one head . 
  humanitarian business is in full bloom . 
  maybe west europe does n't want to be in a situation where their women , children , and men are attacked by migrants or bombed , or stabbed on monthly basis ? 
  some may be refugees from actual war zones , but i do n't blame anybody for being fed up to infinity . 
  funny how muslims ca n't seem to live with other muslims ... 
  i wonder why that is ... 
  such islamophobia . 
  just trust the government ... or do n't . 
  but think of the bearded childrenz, 
  yeah , seems like every refugee has family in germany or sweden ... wow , too bad my family does n't have a million members . 
  depending on the person willing to make the best out of their lives . 
  clearly , they were being oppressed . 
  there are and were refugee protests in `` rich milk and honey lands '' of west europe as well over food , over ramadan at one point , among each other ( ethnic and religious conflicts ) , for apartments , protesting the fact that they 're not staying in the capital ... phew , the rest of europe dodged a bullet so ... rejoice ? 
  damn , when i was a kid and we had an actual war going on , i just wanted to stay and help out my country .
