  the bishops ' centuries-long campaign against pagan observances was seen as manifestly ineffectual , and the more militant inquisitors were eager to take a turn . 
  to ensure their jurisdiction , they claimed that a dangerous `` new heresy '' of devil-worshipping witches had arisen and was threatening christendom . 
  almost all the demonologies of the 1400s and early 1500s were written by inquisitors , who often refer to witch trials that they or other inquisitors conducted . 
  the formative diabolist literature was penned by dominican inquisitors , including eymeric , nider , vineti , jacquerius , visconti , de spina , prieiras and rategno , as well as kramer and sprenger . 
  their books build on the demonological framework laid by scholastic theologians and by papal bulls like gregory ix 's 1233 vox in rama ( which attacked insurgent peasants as devil-worshipping heretics led by `` sibyls '' ) . 
  inquisitor etienne de bourbon tried witches in the early decades of the inquisition , using the same diabolist paradigm as gregory : a devilish black cat presiding over orgies , while his colleague bernard de caux tried a woman in 1245 for healing and `` other sorceries . '' but there is no evidence of executions in these early trials , and records of ( inquisition ) witch executions only begin to appear in the late 1300s . 
  in 1385 , inquisitor antonio da savigliano was already blending witchcraft with heresy in trials at pignarolo and turin . 
  inquisitors at milan tried sibilla zanni and pierina de ' bugatis as witches in 1384 and burned them for relapse four years later . 
  ( their testimony was loaded with pagan content , revolving around a goddess who revealed the secrets of nature and revived the animals the witches feasted on . ), 
  other trials were going on in this period , according to bernardo rategno , inquisitor at como , who wrote in 1508 that `` the sect of witches began to pullulate only within the last 150 years , as appears from the old records of trials by inquisitors of our inquisition at como . '' [ tractatus de strigiis , cited in bonomo and ginsberg ] these records do not seem to have survived -- though ginsberg points out that scholars have not been allowed to examine the como archives -- but such testimony points to early inquisition persecutions . 
  the diabolist inquisitor prieiras made a parallel comment , dating the `` witch sect '' back to 1404 . 
  by this time witchcraft-minded inquisitors clearly had papal support . 
  in 1409 pope alexander v commissioned pons feugeyron to prosecute people spreading `` new sects and forbidden rites , '' who practiced `` witchcraft , soothsaying , invocations to the devil , magic spells , superstition , forbidden and pernicious arts . '' in 1437 eugenius iv issued a bull to all inquisitors authorizing them to prosecute people for sorcery : not just magical harm-doing , but also divination , healing , weather-witching , and adoration of `` demons . '' [ lea , 224 ] in 1451 nicholas v authorized the head inquisitor of france to prosecute diviners ( and to punish those who spoke ill of this bull as rebels ) . 
  [ cauzons , 409 ] some years later , calixtus iii ordered witch-inquisitions in numerous cities of northern italy . 
  the 1484 hexenbulle of innocent viii clearly had its precedents . 
  papal calls for witch-inquisitions accelerated and continued through most of the next century . 
  some of the most severe witch hunts of the 1400s were carried out by italian inquisitors in the alpine foothills , at como , bergamo , valtellina , mendrisio , turin , and in piemonte . 
  they were already raging by mid-century . 
  in 1484 , the inquisitor of como carried out mass arrests of witches , so many that secular officials warned him not to overdo it . 
  popular memory still recalls 1484 as a year of burnings . 
  the following year , 41 witches were burned in nearby bormio . 
  other burnings took place at milan , where few documents have survived . 
  but these burnings were numerous enough to provoke a rebellion in 1516 , when peasants protesting inquisitorial witch hunts brought them to a temporary halt . 
  in 1518 , at the other end of the alps , inquisitors burned eighty witches in val camonica , `` valley of the witches , '' and informed the senate of venice that another 70 were in prison , while 5,000 more were suspected . 
  [ inquisitors also had a large number burned at bologna in 1523 , where pico della mirandola wrote that executions went on daily , under mounting protests . 
  [ see bonomo for a fuller description of these italian hunts ; see also ermanno paccagnini 's in materie de stregarie , 1989 ] '' ] ( http://www.suppressedhistories.net/secrethistory/witchpolitics.html ), 
  `` the spanish reiterated their witch laws in the 11th to 13th centuries , adjudicated by the ordeal of red-hot iron . 
  the fuero cuenca is typical : `` a woman who is a witch or sorceress shall either be burnt or saved by iron . '' [ ii , 1 , 35 , in baroja , 82 ] females are the stated targets , and the laws treated the minority of men entangled in sorcery trials with unambiguous favoritism . 
  the forum turolii code ( 1176 ) ordered female witches to be burned , but shaved a cross on the men 's heads , scourged them and banished them . 
  [ wedeck , 257 ] spanish women were subject to the ordeal of incandescent iron , which was used to test female chastity and fidelity , establish paternity , and determine whether a woman had induced abortions , cast spells or prepared potions . 
  [ see heath dillard 's excellent discussion of these issues . ], 
  ( in some corners of europe , such as transylvania , insubordinate male serfs were also put through this ordeal . ), 
  the ordeal of iron was also used as a sexual trial for german women in the same period , as well as in witch trials in 13th century england and the black forest in the 15th century . 
  witch persecution was reaffirmed by urban communes in italy , as in the municipal laws of venice ( 1181 ) and later , florence , padua and other cities . 
  german magistrates followed suit . 
  the sachsenspiegel ( 1225 ) and schwabenspiegel ( 1275 ) prescribed burning at the stake for witches , then hamburg , goslar , berlin , groningen and bremen . 
  the norman kings of sicily and england decreed laws against witches , including henry i and edward i , who called for burning . 
  this penalty was reiterated in the fleta code toward the end of the 1200s and in the britton code a few decades later . 
  the treuga henrici ( 1224 ) ordered burnings of `` heretics , enchanters and sorcerers '' in the german empire . 
  [ cauzons , 212 ] many more laws were passed across western europe during the 1300s . 
  when pope innocent iv gave his blessing to inquisitorial torture in the 1252 bull _ ad extirpanda _ , he called on rulers to punish heretics `` as if they were sorcerers . '' [ lea , 431 ] the pope was addressing people still accustomed to thinking of the stake as a punishment for witchcraft , and so referred to the long-standing precedent of feudal witch-burning as a model for the repression of heresy . 
  this brief summary of early witch persecutions sketches their importance as a foundation for the mass hunts . 
  the elements of sex , class and pagan content already figure in strongly . 
  this early data also raises questions about the numbers which have been so confidently declared as the maximum of witch-executions . 
  i do n't find an argument from silence convincing , since documentation for this period is so sparse , and manorial trials ( and even municipal ones ) nearly invisible in the historical record . 
  in the late middle ages , a sea change took place as diabolism was injected into the witch persecutions . 
  this ideology originated among theologians and scholastics , with hefty helpings of roman-era themes of orgies , unguents , and baby-killing . 
  imposed by church and state over a period of centuries , against considerable resistance , it became the crucial ingredient in forging the mass hunts . 
  the blood libel in particular was the wedge that shattered the historic solidarity of the common people against elite repression of their culture ( s ) . 
  there is much more to be said about the evolution of diabolist hunts in the 1300s than i have space to discuss here . 
  hansen rightly pointed to the western alpine countries as the early crucible of diabolist witch trials . 
  ginsburg has contributed an important part of the puzzle : how the scapegoating of jews and lepers , with charges of poison powders and blood libel , spread and evolved into diabolist persecutions of `` new sects '' of witches . 
  more remains to be uncovered about how these secular witch hunts in dauphin\u00e9 , savoy and valais were related to the intensive inquisitorial purges ( backed up by invading armies ) in these regions during the 14th century . 
  it 's crucial to note that these repressions were propelled by elite powers and interests . 
  popular resistance to the clergy 's repression of their folk rites and healers comes into focus in the sermons of the famous preacher bernardino da siena . 
  in 1427 , this `` saint '' used inflammatory charges of baby-murder to turn people against their traditional folk healers , which he called femmine indiavolate , `` devilish women . '' he deplored romans ' disbelief of his stories about witches ( `` what i said was to them as if i was dreaming '' ) and the fact that the sienese chose to `` help and pray for '' witches denounced to the secular lord . 
  bernardino implored his audience to denounce the witches , not to feel sympathy for a woman who ( he claimed ) had diabolically killed twenty or thirty babies : `` if it happened to you , that she had killed one of your children , how would that look to you ? 
  think of others ! '' fra bernardino told people that it was their duty to denounce all suspected witches to the inquisition right away ; otherwise they would have to answer for it on judgement day . 
  after a series of these incendiary sermons in 1427 , so many people were reported as incantatori and streghe that the friar had to consult with the pope about how to handle all the denunciations pouring in . 
  [ their solution is typical of witch-hunting illogic : they decided to arrest those accused of the worst crimes . 
  so those whose enemies told the tallest tales were burned . 
  [ bonomo , 262-3 ] '' ] ( http://www.suppressedhistories.net/secrethistory/witchpolitics.html ), 
  '' `` where we burn one man , we burn maybe ten women . '', 
  -- keiserbach , die emeis , 1516 `` i cure and treat all evils , all diseases ... i am not a sorceress and i treat everything and do everything with a flower oil of mine . '', 
  -- herbalist bellezza orsini to inquisitors , 1540 `` mais quoi , they say that all women are witches . '', 
  -- aldegonde de rue , france , 1601 1447 witch burning the early modern witch-hunt terror was the crucible of modern `` western civilization . '', 
  it had a profound impact on women 's status -- and bodies , speech , mobility , sexuality . 
  the witch craze was escalated through torture trials based on pornographic ( and racist ) diabolist ideology . 
  females , the old , disabled , queer , poor , and minorities were targeted as `` devil-worshippers . '', 
  churchmen , doctors and professors propagated diabolist mythology , and the state enforced it through sexualized torture which became a model for modern pornography . 
  this presentation examines the reign of the demonologists , witches ' chairs , scolds ' bridles , `` devil 's marks '' and witch-prickers ; of lynchings and exorcisms of `` women possessed '' -- and the legacies of this repression in present-day culture . 
  witch hunts have become a metaphor ( mccarthyism , stalinist purges , military persecution of lesbians and gays ) without their own significance ever having been culturally digested . 
  women were the primary targets of the witch persecutions . 
  the hunts profoundly impacted their status , stigmatizing old women , outspoken and non-conformist women , and inculcating fear and repression of female bodies , speech , movement , and sexual power . 
  ( a british proverb ran , `` a hairy man 's a geary man , but a hairy wife 's a witch . '' ), 
  and some victims were indeed folk healers , diviners , midwives , and sexual politicians . 
  not only did torture-trials inculcate negative stereotypes of female power , they seared racist diabolism into european consciousness , defining people of color and non-christians as `` devil-worshippers . '', 
  these ideologies became potent tools of empire , as colonialists exported witch hunts and religious persecution to south america , mexico and new england , as well as africa and the islands . 
  you could call the witch craze the crucible of modern western civilization -- or the prehistory of the christian right . 
  these cultural poisons that continue to sow violence and destruction : it 's time we understand where they came from . 
  [ this live visual presentation by max dashu draws on her forty years of research on witchcraft and the witch hunts and an extensive collection of rare images . 
  '' ] ( http://www.suppressedhistories.net/catalog/witchhunts.html ) `` the last official executions of witches took place in the 1700s , but lynchings of accused witches continued through the 1800s and , sporadically , into the 1900s . 
  as recently as 1981 , a mob stoned a mexican woman to death after her husband accused her of bewitching pope john paul ii . 
  cases of torture and murder of wives or children suspected of being possessed by devils still turn up in news reports , and witch persecution especially targeting old women is going on in parts of africa and india . '', 
  `` the italian hunts were colored by a strong pagan subtext . 
  starting in the late 1300s , trial records say that witches gathered to revere the goddess diana , `` wise sibillia , '' or the `` lady of the good game . '' a weaver-diviner tried at mantua in 1489 said that this `` mistress of the games '' had appeared to show him `` the properties of herbs and the nature of animals . '' [ ginsburg , 12 , 28 , 50 ] up through the 1530s , accused witches told inquisitors at modena that they worshipped not the devil , but diana . 
  a brescian trial of the same period refers to the folk goddess as befana . 
  but gradually , over the course of decades of torture-trials and burnings , the goddess of the witches is demonized , subordinated to the devil , and finally , in the late 1500s , replaced by him . 
  pagan content is also rife in the scottish trial records , with testimony of encounters with the queen of elfame and the faery folk . 
  quite a number of those tried as witches were healers , like geillis duncan , whose arrest after a night call to a sickbed touched off the north berwick craze , or bessie dunlop , who had visions of the faery host and learned how to prepare medicine from a dead acquaintance among these `` good wights . '' less well-known are the orkney and shetland islanders burned during the 1600s for `` saining '' : performing animist cures with three stones , with fire and water , by stroking , brushing , and charming , or by ritually walking around lakes . 
  the primary charge against many of the accused was `` giving you sel furth to haue sick craft and knowledge '' or `` to have skill to do things . '' although these are technically secular trials , they were driven by the presbyterian kirk . 
  55 , 61 ] woodcut of woman preparing herbal bath the first witch hunts the `` new chronology '' replaces one myth with another . 
  the old historical mythology said that the witch hunts happened in the middle ages . 
  the new academic mythology insists that no significant witch hunting happened until early modern times . 
  ( robin briggs even claims that there was `` no risk '' of witch burnings before the 14th century because `` until then the relative skepticism of the ruling elites , together with the nature of the legal system , excluded the possibility . '' ) [ briggs , witches and neighbors , 397 ] many writers equate witch trials with diabolist trials , going so far as to say that no `` real '' witch trials occurred until the 1400s . 
  this claim , and the associated failure to analyze the nature of the information we have about medieval witch persecutions , is profoundly anti-historical . 
  men leading veiled woman to a burning pyre , her feet off the ground dragging a woman condemned as a witch to a burning pyre . 
  11th century london , cotton claudius ms. b iv f57r . 
  notice her feet are off the ground . 
  the stick held up in front of the judge may indicate that she was beaten during the trial or before the execution .
