  kids these days ... lel . 
  so many lulz , not enough media coverage ... 
  good thing my family stayed during war and defended our country . 
  you can run in life only for so long ... 
  but what am i saying , these poor women and children of 30 years and full beards are just fleeing for their safety . 
  and the underage girls are wives ... hmm , wow , such openness in west europe . 
  did you think the left wanted solutions to worker 's issues ... nah , ask a drug dealer and they 'll tell you it 's all about the feeding the need for drugs/drug dealers , not passing out rehabilitation center phone number . 
  import more problems and you have yourself a never-ending business . 
  similar thing the right wing does . 
  politics !, 
  pop-humanitarianism cultural fad . 
  you need `` perpetual victims '' to be `` virtuous '' and `` righteous '' and in with the crowd . 
  slovenophobia is real !, 
  grow a beard and you 'll be a racist child . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  i know that the latviaphobia hurts , but stay strong . 
  you 're beautiful , no matter what they say ... 
  we 're all refugees from african countries then . 
  do n't use your brain or common sense at all , just follow `` laws '' and everything will be okay ... go to sleep lil sheep ... sleep . 
  someone else is taking care of everything . 
  no need to sprain a brain cell . 
  how is the economy going , greece ? 
  beats those suicidal juliet and romeo any day, 
  why germany , why ??? 
  this is too much ... 
  i am on team wholesome beer !, 
  i 'll have it for dinner in its honor . 
  oh come now , live a little !, 
  ah the age of kali yuga ... what a time to be alive !, 
  try to comprehend this ; nobody owes anyone anything in the world just for existing . 
  a grown up can assume personal responsibility for their lives , and does n't need excuses all the time for everything and anything . 
  btw , abstract blackmail is so childish and really is n't any kind of a `` threat . '', 
  it 's not my country btw , i actually like my own and do n't need to flee my peoples , and shit where i eat in another one . 
  it 's called respect , look it up !, 
  you know forcing people to do anything , including finishing elementary school is n't the job of the nanny state or any cloud god for that matter . 
  maybe we all have personal responsibility towards ourselves primarily ... maybe . 
  ay , allah granted you so much funny . 
  what minorities in turkey ... elelelele ca n't hear ya !, 
  independence is in dependence . 
  they need special rights above all others . 
  why ca n't you see that ? 
  snort . 
  just give them a piece of germany , call it turkey 2.0 and keep their economy going . 
  multicult for the win !, 
  it 's easy to love turkey from afar ? 
  but but but dah peace-boom !!!!!!!, 
  aw , look at all that avoiding responsibility . 
  do n't worry , you 'll grow up into a real country one day . 
  karma is far more real than your cloud god . 
  erdogan is just a reflection of the people . 
  stop projecting your neurosis and excuses and false morality . 
  it 's boring . 
  turkey will gobble itself up as per usual . 
  takes one to spot ones . 
  never was a great empire . 
  unless you think kidnapping children , raping , taxing other religions into oblivion , and genocide are great . 
  ah well , karma is not done with them yet . 
  i am an embryo as well . 
  omfg , the evilz of all evilz in russia just keep growing ... run people , run !, 
  david icke was right !, 
  not the first nor the last time guardian is reporting baloney re croatian affairs , society , government , etc. 
  i am sensing a pattern ... lel, 
  oh stuff it , why do n't you . 
  whiny whiners ... education is not a waste of money or resources . 
  it 's an investment even if you 'll only get to fart into the acropolis once in your lifetime . 
  what a firecracker !, 
  i expect an autobiography out soon . 
  if they can find you on the map . 
  but what will putin say ? 
  only the first rate slavic yoga for us ... https://theslavicway.wordpress.com/2015/10/26/bereginya-the-slavic-yoga/, 
  fell apart ? 
  minor malfunction , my friend . 
  a pigeon mistook it for a mama pigeonodactyl . 
  do n't be so negative . 
  miracles have happened . 
  he 's busy meme-ing about the new fantastic 4 !, 
  `` oh no they did n't ! '', 
  it 's the thought that counts . 
  on that note , hey , you know what color slovenian tanks are ? 
  both are green . 
  yeah . 
  high five , long lost cousins !, 
  i mean , sure , personally , i ca n't stand much complaining or eternal depression from others or from myself , but such are some cultural/societal/psychological things one grows up with and either you deprogram yourself with some new thought patterns/beliefs/emotions or you 're stuck in a hussar costume in front of jesus . 
  o_o fuck the jealous people , their jelly ca n't hurt ya !, 
  * prays to poland 's king *, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  you 've got some links in this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/43b3d9/im_looking_for_slavic_mythology_lore_and_stuff/ http://sacred-texts.com/neu/sfs/index.htm, 
  jesus years ... o_o, 
  well , they were askin ' for it !, 
  it 's called facebook , ya know ? 
  face them off , buddy !, 
  let their mamas know what they 've been up to online !, 
  tsk , youth and society ... down with them all !, 
  it 's okay , the bloke behind him sees him and is mentally raising a glass . 
  chin chin , lonely souls !, 
  * sobs *, 
  he was into shintoism and bonsai . 
  lmao , please while muslims did worship a moon goddess before , they were not into hecate . 
  copy , paste . 
  not very original .
