  i am rolling in the russian flags all around me as i pray to putin 's mural on my wall . 
  far from sight , far from the heart . 
  if you 're anti-russia , you 're just helping pro-russia . 
  what you resist , persists . 
  not 38 but 43 percent, 
  was it naturally or ... ? 
  organ trafficking is a huge business . 
  you 'd be surprised what goes on in hospitals . 
  slice of death . 
  i would n't accept your organs ( stolen or not ) , there 's not a funny bone in you . 
  metaphysics . 
  there are therapy ~ ~ indoctrination camps ~ ~ centers for russophobia . 
  impossible , slavic numerology , gematria and illuminati do n't do 9/11 ; the stars alignment not good enough . 
  virgo positioning and jupiter humping the wheel of human fates not optimal enough . 
  mercury in retrograde and mars overshadowed by saturn influence . 
  mama russia would n't . 
  they 're in the air ... all around us ... 
  the hidden russian mind control or project extra vodka shots ultra . 
  noooh , everything is russia and we are all russia and russia is in my toast and under my blankie !, 
  i see russians everywhere ... gaaaaaaah !, 
  note to my organs ; do n't go to spain . 
  long live the boobies !, 
  ask not what the breasts have done for you ( and they 've done plenty ) , but what have you done for breasts lately ? 
  lmao, 
  oh , now i am populist right ?!, 
  oooooooh hey , at least i am not into excusing pedophilia , trying to spin that child marriage just happens around europe or usa these days to the extent of the muslim child marriages , and trying to dig my head deeper into cultural and moral relativism . 
  you do n't get my humor , so we ca n't be buddies . 
  sobs islamophobia does n't exist . 
  if it does then muslims have to admit to judaismophobia and christianophobia . 
  hehe, 
  so we should just go back in time 50 years so that migrants feel more at home and the pedophilia trades can go and and hey , maybe even women will finally get the hint and stay in their houses once and for all . 
  damn , at least you 're honest !, 
  you 're right , there are legions of married off 15 years all across europe and usa and legions of parents giving them away ... and thus we need to import thousands of migrants married to children and grow this culture or rape/pedophilia/physical and psychological trauma on female children so that we can be seen as progressive , humanitarian , kind , totes not racist or patronizing and or phobic of cultures that think one half of their people are nothing but property and a womb / s hey , why do n't we bring back stoning to death ? 
  we have n't had that in a while ... then again fgm and honor killings are on the rise as well . 
  yeah !!!, 
  hell , i am making one for free . 
  and conservatives have oilophilia . 
  and the average western politician has voteophilia , and mosquemoneyophilia . 
  west gobbling itself up with all these fears and addictions . 
  ah well , baba vanga said it would happen . 
  facts . 
  not `` emotive topic . '', 
  these are facts and history . 
  go tell the others to refrain from racism , discrimination , ignorance , and sexism . 
  nobody can protect women 's rights besides women . 
  there is nobody and nothing standing on corners and handing out rights and freedom to anyone let alone women as if it was a consumer package . 
  to put your whole trust into any government , organization , laws , police , authority , religious leaders and depend on them for any of the abstract rights is to become dependent , codependent and usually betrayed . 
  there is nothing lucrative for the political clowns in protecting women 's right and never was . 
  freedom is a state of mind , a state of being . 
  it 's not something anyone can give you or gift you or deliver to you . 
  `` rights '' are illusions , temporary privileges until the next set of clowns in this or that parliament mostly populated by males interested in 1 . their position , 2 . their position , 3 . the illusion of their power and importance . 
  you have the right and responsibility to think with your own head and create your own life with your own hands , mind , talent , creativity , and imagination . 
  nobody will do that instead of you . 
  never trust them . 
  never put your faith in anything or anyone outside you because that imprisons you , it never liberates anyone . 
  just take a close look at history . 
  either get the hints , or believe in fairy-tales for the masses . 
  because the times , nypost , guardian , bbc , cnn never ever give your inaccurate information , or biased info , or downright lie , omit facts , data , and censor ? 
  btw , journalism has been dead for quite some time anyways , or did you miss the memo ? 
  psychos and psychos do usually exchange ideas . 
  '' gibbons states that , `` the inquisition almost invariably pardoned any witch who confessed and repented . '' this was just not true in the 1400s and early 1500s . 
  church law required that a witch who `` confessed '' ( said what the inquisitors wanted ) be spared from death -- the first time . 
  if she was arrested again , she was burned as a relapsed heretic . 
  this became a common pattern : once accused and tried , a `` witch '' was likely to be suspected and denounced again . 
  in practice , a second arrest was not necessary for a burning ; if the witch retracted a `` confession '' obtained under torture , she could be treated as relapsed . 
  the fiction that `` the church abhors blood '' required that those convicted by the inquisition be turned over to `` the secular arm '' for execution . 
  its charade of recommending mercy was sometimes exposed when civil authorities balked at carrying out the execution , as when the mayor of brescia refused to burn witches condemned by inquisitors in 1486 , or in 1521 , when the venetian government blocked the burning of more witches . 
  the pope became furious that the expected death sentences were not carried out . 
  [ h.c. lea 's century-old account of these events is still well worth reading . ], 
  even in the 1600s , it is inaccurate to say witches were `` pardoned . '' exile was a common penalty in both italy and spain ( and especially dangerous for women ) . 
  the spanish also flogged `` witches '' with 30 or 100 or 200 lashes ( the latter penalty being common ) and sentenced them to jails and workhouses . 
  [ cirac estopa\u00f1an , 230-46 ] other penalties subjected the `` witches '' to a public spectacle of humiliation and injury : they were forced to ride backwards on an ass , naked to the waist , wearing mitres painted with devils while the mob swarmed around , shouting insults and throwing stones and filth at them . 
  what 's more , the spanish inquisition increased its witch trials ( though not burnings ) from 1615-1700 , and portugal from 1700-1760 . 
  [ bethancourt , mse , 186-7 ] both iberian inquisitions were actively repressing pagan indian and african religions in latin america during the same period , using the same diabolist models as in europe . 
  [ especially important sources are laura de mello souza 's , o diablo e a terra de santa cruz : feiti\u00e7aria e religiosidade popular no brasil colonial , s\u00e3o paolo : 1987 ( companhia das letras ) and silverblatt , irene , moon , sun , and witches : gender ideologies and class in inca and colonial peru , princeton : 1987 ( princeton u press ) ] how `` lenient '' the methods of the roman inquisition had been can be gauged from a document attempting to reform witch trial procedure as late as 1623 : `` the gravest errors in trials for witchcraft are daily committed by inquisitors , so that the inquisition has scarcely found one trial conducted legally , with women [ emphasis added ] convicted on the most slender evidence , with confessions extorted by legal means , and has had to punish its judges for inflicting excessive tortures . '' [ find cite : g. 
  even after this , torture remained a factor , though more restricted , and death in prison a possible outcome . 
  reliability of trial records jenny gibbons asserts that the trial sources come from `` people who knew what actually happened '' and who had `` less reason to lie . '' i find this disingenous . 
  these records were produced by judges who presided over torture trials , attempting to extract from accused witches `` confessions '' in line with diabolist doctrine . 
  their hunts were based on lies : that witches had sex with devils , murdered and ate babies , made powders to cause disease or hail . 
  the defendant had to lie to stop the torture , then repeat the lies at the stake , ( or assent to the lies being read out ) in order to receive the favor of being strangled before burning . 
  the assumption that `` trial records addressed the full range of trials ... '' is seriously flawed . 
  in country after country , specialists note that trial records only began to be kept after a certain time -- before that , there is little or nothing . 
  even afterwards , the archives are notoriously riddled with lacunae . 
  records for entire cities , counties or regions are often missing . 
  gibbons rightly praises ewen 's scholarship , but overlooks his point that judicial records only begin to be sent to the royal archives in the 1330s , and much later ( or never ) for many counties . 
  even for the 1400s , wrote ewen , the public record office contains few records of assizes , and many later judicial documents were destroyed : `` for the reign of henry viii practically nothing has been preserved ... [ and for elizabeth ] the bulk has been destroyed . '' [ ewen , 40 , 102-9 , 71 ] this pattern repeats itself in studies of most countries , with no records available until early modern times : 1576 in denmark ; the 1590s in norway ; the 1630s for latvia -- and even these are thin and incomplete . 
  for hungary , gabor klaniczay notes that `` the loss of complete series of court records is especially frequent for the period before 1690 ... '' he concludes that lynchings were a frequent occurence during the turkish occupation . 
  [ emod , 221 ] in savoy , brocard-plaut observes that that out of 800 trials cited by two judges of the period 1560 to 1674 , only 40 % appear on record . 
  she states that many documents have been destroyed -- not least because of the savoyard practice of hanging the court record around the victim 's neck before burning . 
  [ brocard , 153 ] in the swiss jura , judicial records are missing but burnings are visible in fiscal accountings for loads of wood , tar and executioners ' fees . 
  monter writes that `` ... even when the records seem to be in fairly good condition , as for 17th century valangin , the chance discovery of a parallel source can double the number of known trials for a particular decade . '' [ he adds that the gaps in the prison registers often occur in years known to have experienced `` extremely heavy waves of trials throughout the canton . '' [ monter , 91 ] '' ] ( http://www.suppressedhistories.net/secrethistory/witchpolitics.html ), 
  `` witch hunting inquisitors jenny gibbons writes of `` the myth of the witch-hunting inquisition , '' repudiating the 19th century historians who pointed to papal inquisitors ' role in inflating witch persecution into a craze . 
  unfortunately , she does n't address the solid evidence assembled by those historians -- notably henry charles lea and joseph hansen -- of inquisitorial hunts in northern italy , eastern france and the rhineland during the 1400s and early 1500s . 
  lea can be excused for including the lamothe-langon fabrications , since this forgery was not exposed until a century later . 
  but its misinformation was far from being `` the last great piece of ` evidence ''' of witch-hunting inquisitors , as gibbons claims . 
  in 1258 alexander iv denied inquisitors ' petition for authority to try divination and sorcery cases , limiting them to cases manifestly savoring of heresy . 
  however , it did n't take inquisitors of a demonological bent long to invent pretexts to work around the papal ruling . 
  only forty years later , canonist johannes andreae added a gloss that effectively nullified it : `` those are to be called heretics who forsake god and seek the aid of the devil . '' he broadened the definition of heretical sorcery to include pagan prayer , offerings and divinations ( all demonized , of course ) as well as sorcery based on christian symbolism . 
  [ see russell , 174 ; and peters , the magician , the witch , and the law , 131 ] the trend of redefining witchcraft as heretical grew in various inquisitorial manuals of 1270 , 1320 , and 1367 . 
  a shift occurred in the later 1300s , as the relatively sedate attitude to folk witchcraft visible in gui 's 1320 manual gave way to eymeric 's scholastic diabolism in 1367 , and to the first recorded inquisitorial witch burnings -- which involved women charged with invoking a pagan goddess -- a few decades later .
