utrecht and formerly gelderland here , not triggered . 
  we 'll give you limburg , including its politicians . 
  small but notable difference , he said it in first person . 
   i can not spend all my money on liquor and women and plead for your support afterwards . 
  this principle applies on the personal , local , national and also european level . 
  this shows that he meant it as a ( bad ) example for ` some countries spending their money wrongly and asking for more ' ( his opinion ) , not literally saying that they blow their money on booze and hookers . 
  they 're dissolved , it would be very interesting if they got a seat . 
  it 's all about expectations mate . 
  if the pvda would 've dropped from 38 to 22 seats , that would 've been a victory because they were expecting to lose way more . 
  pvv was expected to be the biggest party a few weeks ago , now they 're 13 seats below vvd . 
  i agree that it 's not a failure , but you should n't only compare things to how they were 4 years ago . 
  the third colour is groenlinks , not pvv . 
  but yeah , the other two are ( center - ) right indeed . 
  for me it was almost all d66/gl , with only two voting vvd ( which matches with the results for utrecht , so it kinda makes sense ) . 
  i believe they are , but only with a representative from the kiesraad ( ? ), 
  present ( which was the case ) . 
  a republic with a king ? 
   below it their representatives from various cities , if you live like in rotterdam , you can vote for him/her what ? 
  you can vote for any candidate you want , there 's no difference between regions . 
  edit : there is a difference between regions in what parties are listed ( only small ones that would n't even get close to having a seat ) , but every party has the same candidates listed in every region . 
  can confirm . 
  the real ballot only has henk krol on it . 
  you basically do n't hear anything about island representation these days , though when they started discussing it in 2010 , when those three islands became part of the country , everyone seemed to be very much in favor ( except the pvv of course ) . 
  i looked into it and it seems at the end of last year a law was passed by the senate ( all parties ( including the independant senate group by the way ) except for the pvv voted in favor ) that there is indeed ground for a change in constitution . 
  the house of representatives is able to introduce and adjust new laws ( and vote on them of course ) , while the senate only has the power to either pass or reject them . 
  so technically the house of representatives is the most powerful , however you 'll need a majority in both kamers ( senate = eerste kamer / `` first chamber '' , house of representatives = tweede kamer / `` second chamber '' ) to pass a law . 
  both kamers have the ability to control the government by asking questions , calling an investigation or inquiry , or even motions , though the senate barely makes use of those . 
  the provincial government has less influence than the national government , and are only allowed to decide on regional matters that do n't conflict with national laws ( i do n't know exactely how far this goes ) . 
  because the provinces are less powerful than the national government and the senate is generally seen as less powerful than the house of representatives , voter turnout in the national elections is higher ( about 75-80 % ) than in the provincial elections ( about 50 % ) . 
  both are significantly lower than 30 years ago , but seem to be stable over the past few elections . 
  conservatism is pretty broad in the netherlands and very much depends on what conservative party you 're talking about . 
  the christian parties ( cda , cu and sgp ) fight for the traditional christian-dutch values ( for example they are generally against the welfare state and in favor of so called `` mantelzorgers '' , basically taking care of your own friends and relatives rather than have the state do it ) . 
  out of those three the sgp is the smallest most fundamentalist ( they are also in favor of the traditional family roles , with a stay at home mom taking care of the children ) . 
  cda is the biggest and the least fundamentalist ( three of their 33 representatives voted in favor of gay marriage for example back in ' 98 ) , and therefore generally have the biggest overlap in audience with the pvv after the vvd . 
  they currently have 13 seats though are predicted to grow by quite a bit . 
  untill about ten years ago they and their predecessors were often the biggest parties . 
  pvv is conservative in the sense that they are in favor of the traditional dutch values , which they try to achieve by having higher crime punishments ( including a strong stance against drugs ) , less immigration , a more independant country , more influence for civillians ( they are in favor of binding referenda for example ) and a strong welfare state ( especially concerning the elderly , which is also why they want to lower the retirement age again ) . 
  just like the christian parties , they are also in favor of `` social conscription '' , in which the youth is forced to serve in the army of healthcare for a few years . 
  vvd are economically liberal , but socially relatively conservative . 
  their liberal economical view used to be their signature stance , however the past few years they 've become more populistic , and generally agree with the social values of the pvv , though in a lighter sense ( apart from the social conscription ) . 
  they do differ quite a bit in the economical area , the vvd for example supports the eu and is against a lower retirement age and strong welfare state . 
  edit : by the way , untill a few years ago the sgp did n't allow women to stand for election , which fits their traditional family view . 
  12 indeed . 
  the carribean islands of bonaire , sint eustatius and saba have there own island council elections at the same time as the provincial elections , but as they are not part of a province they are n't represented in the senate ( they 've been discussing island representation for a few years , but it would require a change in consitution and i do n't know how far along they currently are ) . 
  the amount of seats per province depends on the number of inhabitants , though it 's a bit unbalanced ( zeeland has a little less than 400,000 inhabitants and 39 seats ( the minimum amount ) , zuid-holland has more than 3 million inhabitants and 55 seats ( which is the maximum , 4 provinces in total have that amount ) ) . 
  basically what they do for the senate is take the provincial population and divide it by the number of provincial seats * 100 ( so ~ 400,000 / 3900 = ~ 100 for zeeland ) , and on those numbers they base the weight of the vote of each states-provincial member . 
  some provinces do indeed have their own parties , though they generally do n't get more than one or two seats ( out of the 40-60 ) . 
  i recall my province had a local party with one seat a few years ago , limburg currently has two local parties both with one seat ( out of the 47 ) . 
  so theoretically , provincial parties have a change at getting a senate seat . 
  as there are only 75 seats in the senate and the states-provincial have a total of 570 though , local parties have basically no chance of getting a senate seat . 
  however because of that many of the local provincial parties work together and form an independant senate group , which currently has one seat . 
  i was in albania for 1 day last year ( though in the east , so no sea ) . 
  dutch tourism in macedonia is rising pretty quickly so perhaps that 'll spread to albania . 
  i do n't think they 'll apologize , but it 's indeed very likely that things would n't have escalated this much if the elections had n't been around the corner . 
  it does seem they have a not so detailed and very wilders-focussed [ topic ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/topics/4e793c8f-8927-4e00-a7e5-3bed964303d3/dutch-general-election-2017 ) on it , but i do n't know about any agreements between them and dutch news networks . 
  that is in fact the entire manifesto ( or at least all they published ) , though the simple plan is kind of a campaign stunt of itself . 
  wilders himself said `` all the context necessary is 1400 years of jihad '' . 
  the pvv does indeed for a significant part draw from the same pool as vvd voters ( wilders himself was a vvd parlementarian before creating his own party by the way ) . 
  both parties identify themselves as ( conservative - ) liberal , though it 's very hard to put a tag on pvv 's ideology other than populism . 
  they are for example very much in favor of a strong welfare state , while the vvd is not . 
  but you need a certain number of votes to have a seat , right ? 
  i assume a party with 1 vote would not get a seat in the portugese parliament . 
  every four years we have elections for the states-provincial ( basically the provincial parlements ) , who in turn elect the senate members . 
  seems very unlikely indeed that the minister of family affairs would need head of state immunity for her function . 
  just wanted to point out that there would be legal ways to arrest a diplomat ( well , technically not a diplomat , but you know what i mean ) . 
  article 9 says that a country may declare any member of a diplomatic staff as a persona non grata , without having to provide an explanation . 
  in that case , the nation will have to recall its diplomat . 
  if they fail to do so , the host country can decide to no longer recognise the person as a diplomat . 
  the vvd and pvda could get a boost in voters at because of how they dealt with the whole turkey affair . 
  that could be at the expense of the pvv because people will see how `` wilders is not the only one defending our country '' , however it could also boost his popularity due to people being pissed off with the dutch turks who support erdogan . 
  we 'll have to see , but it probably wo n't completely reshuffle the board . 
  well yeah , as long as you have a representative democracy you 'll always have some sort of threshold . 
  not that i disagree with you by the way . 
   a party can shift its unused votes to another party personally i do n't agree with that being up to the party and not to the voter . 
  perhaps we should have something like an alternative vote , where you vote for two parties and if your number one does n't make it your vote gets shifted to your number two ? 
   could pvv and wilders form the government with the minority of seats if no coalition forms against him ? 
  i assume this is just hypothetical . 
  in theory he could , but that would mean that for some reason the majority of the house of representatives would * not * support a vote of no confidence against them , which would be incredibly ( impossibly ) unusual ( especially for what is probably the most disliked big party in parliament ) . 
  and even if that were the case , they would have to find a majority for every single law they want to pass ( in both the house of representatives and the senate ) , so they 'd get very little done . 
  you 'll probably find the results over at / r/thenetherlands or / r/europe the next day , or just check the news ( like nos.nl ) . 
  the biggest party has no real rights apart from being the first party to participate in the coalition formations ( and of course the fact that the biggest party almost always ends up in the coalition due to simply being the biggest ) . 
  other parties can always use parts of his manifesto ( which is [ one entire page long ] ( https://www.pvv.nl/visie.html ) by the way ) if they think it 'll boost their popularity of course , but no party is obliged to ( unless they want to form a coalition with the pvv of course , in which case you 're always gon na have to compensate ) . 
  rutte 's vvd for example has taken a firmer stance against illegal refugees and `` immigrants not embracing dutch values '' as a result of wilders ' popularity for example . 
   they all speak the stereotypical dutch sentences you truly do hear those everywhere . 
  even in panama i heard `` neuken in de keuken '' . 
   more environmental friendly . 
  i fear we 're not doing well on that part . 
  i personally prefer brabantian , but german is an okay dialect as well i guess . 
  check his post history , no point in arguing . 
  he does have other candidates representing his party who take up the other seats , but they are not official party members so they do n't have a direct say in who gets to be the party leader or anything . 
  and the way it works over here is that the party makes up a list of candidates which it published ahead of the elections . 
  you can vote for whatever individual you want , and the vote basically gets added up for that party . 
  normally your chances at a seat are decided by your place on the list ( so if a party gets 10 seats , numbers 1-10 of that party get a seat ) . 
  however , if you as an individual get more than 25 % of the votes required for one seat * and * you have more votes than the lowest ranked candidate who would normally get a seat ( so candidate number 10 in my example ) , you 'll get a seat over that person ( which happens ~ once per election ) . 
  so to answer your question , as he has full control over the party he basically hands out the seats himself ( though in advance of the election ) , unless someone lower on the list gets more than 25 % of the votes required for a seat . 
  the sp 's budget is that high because their politicians have to hand over part of their salary to the party i believe . 
   for anyone curious on the netherlands  https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/17/ruim-helft-nederlanders-sport-wekelijks  56 % in 2014 -- / u/leagueofcakez haha !, 
  not today , finland . 
  not today . 
  the monarch is definitely not going to refuse a democratically elected pm .
