yes that is * totally * the same thing . 
  * thank you so much * for showing me the error of my ways . 
  uk population supports capital punishment for things like murder , not being gay or leaving the faith . 
  and if you actually think those two things are comparable than you 're living under a rock . 
  but the problem is that the majority of the muslim world support acts of violence and terror . 
  when you actually look at numbers and statistics , when you actually look at what muslims believe and say , you will see that to be the case and we ca n't keep denying it . 
  from egypt to saudi arabia to libya , the majority of muslims still believe things like beheading to be the proper response to homosexuality . 
  or that a woman who wants to choose her own lifestyle should be stoned . 
  there are many modern and moderate muslims in the world and their numbers are growing as more muslims are born into or come to the west . 
  but until the majority of muslims stop following their stone age ideologies nothing will change . 
  it is not hatred to call ignorance what it is . 
  this is so well done . 
  hilarious , kudos to the cover designer . 
  hahahhaah i love it !, 
  you really do have a point . 
  i feel like its a lose lose situation . 
  we deport them , europe and the rest of the world calls us murderers and nazis ( does n't really help being we already have the stereotype of being racist ... ) or we keep them there and they put a big strain on the economy etc. 
  i think we have to choose the lesser of the two evils and despite the ridiculing italy may get , deport them . 
  in the long run it will benefit the country . 
  my favorite word in the italian language . 
  i tell people that all the time and they do n't know what i 'm saying . 
  i 've heard the same as you , so yes - any alternative information is welcome !, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  my mom 's maiden last name is scopelliti and that is translated to `` little shoe '' , implying they were cobblers . 
  looks like you found the neckbeard !, 
  taking back sovereignty is a big double edged sword . 
  in the context of what you said it sounds like you want a unified eu effort , but talks of sovereignty and less dependence runs a high risk of eu members going the brexit route . 
  it 's easy to sit in this sub and mock brexit since most of us a more progressive , but our community here is n't representational of all europeans . 
  a lot of people feel their nations are held down by the eu and this will only fan the flames of nationalism further . 
  waiving immigration for americans to europe is a great idea and would net a lot of the educated and talented american millennials , but the eu should still try to work with america and not against it . 
  especially with some of the rising threats like putin and the spread of isis ' ideology . 
  it 's easy to talk about things like an eu army , but we are still talking about the terribly bureaucratic and inefficient eu . 
  good luck getting the mep 's to agree on the texture of their dinner napkins , let alone the standardization and cooperation needed for a military . 
  why would anyone think that ? 
  one of trump 's big things about obama was that he did n't honor agreements to help our allies ( ukraine ) . 
  yeah he wants the various nations that benefit from american military to foot more of the bill , but that is n't exactly an unreasonable request if you basically fall back on the yanks to defend you . 
  if the dnc had any sense they would n't have rigged their side for hillary and would have gone for someone like sanders or warren . 
  the clintons are a political dynasty and americans are pretty tired of those regardless of side . 
  yup . 
  i know a good number of very socially conservative people who voted for trump . 
  those against lgbt rights and such have for the most part cut their losses and stopped making it a key voting issue . 
  every election an american presidential candidate says they will do some great elaborate thing , and last few have failed to deliver on those great elaborate things . 
  trump will be no different . 
  it has to do with the type of islam followed . 
  most indonesians , kazakhs , and iranians are not wahhabists . 
  but a scary amount of muslims from iraq , syria , saudi arabia , pakistan , and lebanon are . 
  a little late on that one france . 
  you clearly have over estimated them . 
  welcome to the blm insanity . 
  they make the same argument in america even though whites are killed far more often by police statistically . 
  facts are pesky things they do n't like very much . 
  might not be super well enforced , but its there . 
  part of the laws about secularization and what not . 
  it was done to keep france secular . 
  not enforced super well and often ignored , but according to the laws they have kosher and halal stores still have to have pork options . 
  delis in france ca n't be truly kosher or halal , and must sell pork products . 
  i 'm okay with this as the laws are evenly applied to all citizens . 
  but a ban on kippahs , a small skullcap , is completely different from a ban on a face cover , or a ban on something known to be forced on women to wear . 
  so i did a little bit of research and yeah , holy shit that is absurd what those christians are doing in africa . 
  so yeah , completely agree that needs to end . 
  that said , such behavior is still a huge exception to the absolutely massive christian population of the world , as christianity does n't adhear to the old testament teachings . 
  my whole point was that unlike christianity , judaism , and literally every other religion in the world has modernized and come to see that such behavior is bad . 
  but huge numbers of muslims in the west still support that nonsense , and the numbers show that even the self claimed `` moderate '' muslims still hold beliefs that are at odds with liberal democracy . 
  that 's really all my point has been the entire time . 
  not that christians are perfect or any other group is flawless . 
  but that when you look at the religious demographics in the west , and what those religions still teach and what their followers believe , islam has a disproportionate rate of violence , homophobia , sexual crime , and the violation of human rights . 
  disproportionately higher than anyone else . 
  if you are going to harp on christians for a small group in africa , you ca n't give a pass to the literal millions of muslims who support the same exact behavior . 
  your comments illustrate the same issue as they did before , it does n't dismiss or disprove anything , simply points fingers at other groups . 
  and in many of those instances i 'd agree with you wholeheartedly that such behavior is bad . 
  it 's abhorrent what many in far right say and do in regards to women , gays , and other groups . 
  at the same time you are still missing what my actual points were , which i guess i will have to explain in even more simplicity . 
  - muslims in the rest have a higher * rate * of crime , homophobia , and violence against women . 
  of course native say , swedes , will have a higher * number * of offenses , they 're the majority . 
  but it is the percentage of crime and bad behavior that is the entire point . 
  * when you have 6 % of a population committing nearly 50 % of sexual assaults * that shows a serious problem within said community . 
  the point never has been that muslims are evil and native europeans are saints . 
  the point has been that when you look at statistics , from both government agencies and private groups such as pew ( which i linked to many times might i add ) , you see a frightening pattern . 
  that muslim communities have a much higher propensity towards religious fanaticism , sexual violence , and crime as a whole . 
  in regards to some of your points regarding americans like sarah palin , or the drone strikes , it really takes a large stretch to compare them as there is a huge difference between `` biblical principles '' that are held by american republicans and sharia held by muslims . 
  either you know this and do n't care , or you are ignorant of the astronomical differences . 
  i 'll assume the second . 
  i do n't know if you 've had much exposure to sharia but i have . 
  my family background is middle eastern ( and i still have close friends in israel , jordan , and lebanon ) , i 've read not only the qur ` an but also the sunna and many of the tafsir . 
  * when we are talking about sharia we are talking about a system of law that says gays must be executed , that women who are raped must be jailed or killed , that unbelievers must be eliminated , that free speech does not exist , and a number of other things which are completely against what liberal democracy and human rights stands for . 
  * when we talk about christianity in the sense that you mentioned it , among evangelical americans , they might not support gay marriage or want to serve gay people at their business , but they do n't want to see gays executed . 
  they do n't support abortion but they do n't want women to have to cover themselves up or be beaten . 
  there is a huge difference between christianity and sharia , and the old testament beliefs such as stoning are no longer adhered to by christians or jews . 
  maybe in the 14th century christians burned people alive and executed them for their sins , but not today . 
  islam on the other hand does still do that . 
  islam is today where christianity was in 1350 . 
  so 25 % of muslims or 50 % of muslims ( depending on which western nation you look ) supporting sharia * is nothing * compared to 50 % of christians supporting bible based laws . 
  does n't mean i want some far right nut running my country but you 'd still live a better life under the most conservative of american republicans than you would under even the `` moderate '' muslims of france or england who still support the execution or imprisonment of homosexuals . 
  another point of yours stuck me with some pretty astounding lack of common sense , and that was the statistic regarding drones . 
  americans ( wrongly ) believe these strikes are being taken out at military targets . 
  this has been shown to be false , and has likely created more violence than it has stopped , but in the mind of most americans these drones are being targeted at military targets . 
  this is in a whole different world than suicide bombings , which have the explicit understanding that they are directed at civilian groups for no other reason than `` these people are too secular . '', 
  so all your points are either a complete misrepresentation of my own , a misrepresentation of what muslims and christians believe , pointing fingers at groups that are irrelevant to the discussion , or a total lack of understanding on what the statistics actually mean . 
  but let me guess , you probably think you 're some enlightened liberal who is at the pinnacle of tolerance and understanding . 
  you probably think you 're above the fear mongers of the likes of trump or palin .
