  and for your service driven economy that would be a complete disaster . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  it would suck for the rest of europe too , at least a bit . 
  and i do n't want it to happen . 
  but it 's not my decisions . 
  either you 're in or you 're out . 
  it is a necessity for the single market . 
  imagine a single market in a stand-alone country . 
  let 's say iceland . 
  they ca n't have a single market without allowing the icelanders to move anywhere in their country . 
  that would never work . 
  to be honest it was overdue . 
  you should have won it a lot earlier . 
  i 'm happy you finally did it . 
  you will remember this summer a long time . 
  enjoy it the best you can !, 
  or liberia ? 
  actually denmark is the only country other than germany and russia , which has the pipeline crossing its territorial waters . 
  for finland and sweden it only crosses the eez . 
  not really . 
  it 's mostly cherry-picking ideas from various theories . 
  how about [ chauvinism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chauvinism ) ? 
  it works the same way as rising stock values are counted as `` win '' . 
  although in this case certain strings are attached such as private retirement funds . 
  so it 's not just virtual money . 
  yeah , but when the leave campaign blamed the migrants they actually meant the eastern europeans . 
  it 's mind boggling , how people like the guy you replied to blame that on merkel . 
  alternatively kids playing cops and robbers . 
  for some reason that always sounds like * pew pew * . 
  in germany we had a case of the state-owned university of freiburg being heavily involved in a big doping scandal . 
  stuff like this can happen anywhere . 
  it 's not quite the same russia is accused of . 
  but still , we must not act as if we were immaculate . 
  was n't most of budget tourism to turkey kind of `` designed '' ? 
  what i mean is there were many hotels and complexes built into `` no mans land '' . 
  the staff often came from europe and basically worked in these hotels during the summer season . 
  the only other places in europe i would compare are certain parts of the balearic islands and lloret de mar. 
  i 'm not saying this is bad or anything . 
  but i 'm questioning if safety is much of an issue there . 
  i 'd say turkey has more of an image problem than a safety problem , at least as far as budget tourism is concerned . 
  do you even understand what this graph is showing ? 
  no group in there shows a 100 % lead one way or the other . 
   i understand that , but it 's very alien to me to belong into a union you do n't like . 
  why are you even a part of it in such case ? 
  maybe you should read up on history ? 
  after ww2 greece fell under british sphere of influence . 
  that 's how they ended up in nato , even before west germany joined nato . 
  things have n't always been like they are today ... 
  actually there are over 190 switzerlands around the world . 
  there are even 2 different switzerlands in saxony . 
  for us non-swiss germans it is more of a description for a landscape . 
  the landscape does n't even have to have high mountains . 
  it only needs to be beautiful . 
  i guess you can take that as a compliment . 
   so is it officially recognized as genocide or massacres and compensated as reparations ? 
  it is officially recognized as genocide . 
  but reparations were negligible . 
  there was a short time during the early 1980 's , when survivors could get reparations up to 5000 dm from the country . 
  the german wiki page states though , that the survivors stayed mostly reparation-less . 
  both from the cdu/csu faction it seems . 
  could n't actually see the 2 on the live stream though . 
  or maybe i 'm blind . 
  they will never get more than a gentleman 's agreement . 
  the current german government ca n't make drafts for future governments ' budgets . 
  law prohibits that for very good reasons . 
  what does `` gloomy '' even mean ? 
  and where did it come from ? 
  i could imagine someone told that bbc reporter , that it was too `` gloomy '' . 
  maybe she should have mentioned it in the article . 
  anyways , from what i understand this is n't some fancy policy paper . 
  seems like it is rather a summary of suggestions raised in parliament , i.e. 
  actual ideas by brexit-backers how to proceed . 
  the issue is , that we shift goal posts in this story . 
  it is perfectly fine to argue , that north stream is cool , because if makes energy supply more stable for us and our neighbors . 
  russia trusts us to pay for the oil and gas we receive . 
  they do n't trust ukraine and belarus in the same way . 
  and they may have a good reason for that . 
  but that makes our stance on south stream totally hypocritical . 
  obviously russia trusts greece and other southern countries enough to build a pipeline there . 
  yet we intervened . 
  of course this looks bad from both poland 's and south europe 's point of view . 
  he put it in quotation marks . 
  let 's be realistic here . 
  the reason to call that `` recovered '' is probably more due to the soviets moving their borders towards the west . 
  so to not make poland the loser there the allies simply agreed to move polands border towards the west as well . 
  now it does n't matter anymore . 
  we 're in the eu now and anyone who has sentimental feelings about breslau can just move there . 
   democratic party elites put their thumbs on the scale for clinton over sanders in the primaries maybe they should question their own actions then . 
  also it 's not just the parties that fucked up . 
  your media made record profits over this election campaign . 
  perhaps they could have been fine with a little less profit and a little more boring yet more serious reporting . 
  you really need to do some soul searching and figure out what you really want as a nation . 
  this clownshow is not sustainable ... 
  obviously i ca n't tell the future . 
  but i ca n't imagine anything worse , short of them stopping to be a democracy . 
  i 'm just saying maybe it 's better to coordinate with our friends and partners to sideline him in the hope for the americans to get their shit together soon . 
  it would be stupid to let him drag us down to his level . 
  but maybe the actions taken should be focused on limiting the damage trump can do until he is replaced by a real politician . 
  we have no principle issue with the american people . 
  why let him create one ?
