  well , for some reason many americans believed clinton was a bad alternative . 
  your issues are deeper than the actual election day . 
  it is insane , that trump came out on top in the republican primaries . 
  and it 's weird , that the democrats could n't present a more likable candidate . 
  i mean they had people like sanders or biden as options . 
  this whole mess is just fubar ... 
  is n't a collaborator someone who willingly collaborates with occupying forces ? 
  finland never was occupied by the nazis . 
  they were temporary allies . 
  and they told the nazis to fuck themselves , when they were asked to hand over their jews . 
  i think the context is , that in no other european country there are marches in memory of the nazi collaborators . 
  most try to ignore they had these . 
  some even try to pretend they never had them . 
  but nobody officially honors them . 
  no that 's not true . 
  ww1 happened , because everyone wanted it , especially germany and austria . 
  mind you , they could n't predict how disastrous is would be . 
  they thought it would just be another war , like all the others they had before . 
  when they made the decision to attack serbia they knew for sure , that russia would honor its pact with serbia . 
  and they also knew , that france and the uk would honor their pact with russia . 
  it was n't a gamble gone wrong . 
  they did this on purpose . 
  when we talk about `` death camps '' we mean a specific type of camp . 
  the nazis started using concentration camps right from the start of their reign . 
  those were more like prison camps , mainly for political opponents . 
  in 1942 they started opening up extermination camps . 
  if i 'm not mistaken they opened 7 of them , 5 in what is today poland and 2 in belarus . 
  these camps were specifically built to do just one thing : murder on industrial scale . 
  all of them were built and run by germans . 
  perhaps there were a few non-german collaborators helping out on minor tasks , but that 's another topic . 
  in practical terms they were all german camps . 
  what differentiates the ones in poland from those in belarus ? 
  well , those in poland are easily accessible to visiting , because they are in the eu now . 
  back then a difference may have been , that the jews ( and other victims ) deported from germany and the occupied western european countries mostly ended up in the camps in what is today poland . 
  so their bereaved relatives and friends have a more specific relation to those specific camps . 
   it suggest that poles are responsible for these . 
  not really . 
  anyone who has the slightest clue what a death camp was knows , that poles were not responsible for them . 
  why is puerto rico not a state yet ? 
  those people are american citizens , are n't they ? 
  i guess everyon has their own points of view . 
  can you tell us what the locals think about the whole situation ? 
  do they want the army to keep fighting ? 
  or do they want the government to make a peace deal ? 
  have you met any locals who sympathize with the donbass republics on some level ? 
   the problem is , that while britains usually have a strong opinion about germany ( positive or negative ) , germans usually do n't really care that much about britain . 
  i do n't know . 
  from what i can tell many germans find great britain very interesting . 
  british culture had and still has a lot of impact over here . 
  music , tv , humor from the island are comparatively popular . 
  also their monarchy produces surreal things sometimes . 
  i remember the day when diana died . 
  felt like national mourning !, 
  also `` british '' sports like snooker or darts make for good ratings on eurosport . 
  i would n't say germans do n't care . 
  those napoli pictures look crazy . 
  the whole city seems to be inside a humongous caldera . 
  and we know it 's not inactive . 
  i wonder how it must feel like to live there . 
  maybe it is a little bit more complex . 
  we 'll need a language to talk to people from outside europe . 
  for most of us that probably will be english . 
  but we should try and learn other european languages as well . 
  that is , because learning a language entails learning about the associated culture as well . 
  and that is a good thing . 
  in school i learned english , russian and french . 
  i suck terribly in the latter two , but i am thankful for the cultural knowledge i acquired in the process . 
  yeah that was my thinking as well . 
  i do n't really want the bankers to move to these places . 
  they just appear somewhat plausible because of the language thing . 
  i would n't mind them going to prague , bratislava or warsaw . 
  although i think the inevitable hike in real estate prices attached to the banking sector would be a problem for many cities in europe . 
  i could see them going to stockholm or kopenhagen . 
  would n't rule out amsterdam either . 
  heck , for what i care they could go anywhere . 
  my point was more along the line that we need to share the goodies if this whole eu thing is supposed to work . 
   vodka and [ kvass ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/kwass-verkauf_in_nishnij_novgorod.jpg ) . 
   while i as a german hope that a lot of them move to germany ... as a european i hope they do n't . 
  i think it would be better if they moved to another eu country . 
  we already have the strongest economy and the central bank in germany . 
  if everything moved here this might well lead to more pissed off nationalists in other eu countries . 
   american tastes/priorities are just too different for `` their '' cars to sell well here . 
  but that does n't make much sense , if you think about it . 
  their taste/priorities seem to be similar to ours . 
  otherwise they would n't buy european or asian cars and trump would n't whine about it . 
  there are also american cars , that are appealing to some europeans . 
  they are just not everyman 's cars . 
  i 'm talking about cars like the tesla or a corvette . 
  too expensive for fritz m\u00fcller or pierre baguette . 
  i 'm sure most europeans do n't buy american cars , because they are technically inferior , less comfortable or too thirsty . 
  so siggi is right : american car manufacturers need to start building better cars or tell their president to stfu . 
  which only becomes more likely if nukes were to be proliferated to dozens of more countries . 
  i do think though , that bmw will carry on with it regardless how brexit fizzles out . 
  even if brexit turns ugly for the brits economy-wise bmw will be able to export their cars and make healthy profit with these brands . 
  well , most of these companies did n't produce anything to export . 
  they are engaged in the financial sectors . 
  was the shooter apprehended ? 
  it may be more complicated than that . 
  the young people did n't grow up in the cold war , which means they were n't subject to nonstop propaganda . 
  so they do n't have the same preconceptions hammered into their heads .
