   they 're fools if they think that we 'd be better off in communism just because the streets were a bit cleaner and there were no thugs on the streets . 
  well , not everyone has the same dreams and hopes for their lifes . 
  for someone suffering from poverty accompanied with the issues it brings , like poor health ( because health care is expensive ) and so on might have a completely different perspective then some yuppies posting about their great life on reddit , who live in a chic areas with clean streets and no thugs ... edit : btw not everyone worked for the state in socialism ( if you went to school in socialist romania you should know what communism really is , and that romania never had communism ) . 
  there were private bunisesses too , like plumbers , car mechanics , kiosks and so on . 
  you forgot the group of people who used to work for the state . 
  those were n't just kgb agents . 
  those were also teachers , scientists , garbage truck drivers , bus drivers , train conductors , post office clerks and so on and so forth . 
  after socialism ended most of these sectors were either directly privatized , which led to many layoffs . 
  and the few that still are public had to go through a lot of pay cuts and/or indirect lay offs ( leading also to understaffing and thus worse work conditions ) . 
  it is n't always as simple as calling people dumb , old or poor to explain their seemingly strange attitudes . 
  and waste the opportunity for making a lame joke to farm karma ? 
  how long have you been redditing ? 
   we did not have to give up all of the nukes . 
  we could keep just several warheads and maintain the nuclear-capable status . 
  no you could n't really . 
  read his post again . 
  those nukes were not yours . 
  they were the nukes of the red army . 
  and they could only be activated by the red army . 
  much like the american ones they need a launch code . 
  and they would have never given you the launch codes . 
  the deal really was just your country agreeing not to build your own nukes . 
  because you actually had the capabilities to do so . 
  and like you said yourself you also had the capability to produce adequate launch vehicles . 
  but neither russia nor the west wanted you to do that . 
   i wonder how germans feel about this today it 's none of our business anymore . 
  i 'm slightly sorry for the people who felt like they had to run away . 
  but on the other hand i 'm not , because the majority of them probably voted for the nsdap too . 
  fuck them . 
  that generation made too many terrible choices . 
  i ca n't forgive them for that . 
  the [ albrechtsburg ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/albrechtsburg ) is pretty awesome too . 
  in reality bergen is the home base of a british tank brigade that is leaving in the year 2015 . 
  the closing of military bases causes economical issues for the areas they are in . 
  this british brigade has been the main provider of jobs ( and therefor taxes ) in this area . 
  the creation of a new tank german tank batallion is the attempt to reduce the economical suffering . 
  this was decided when the british informed the german authorities about the fact they are leaving , i.e. 
  a long time ago . 
  there will be no `` drastic increase '' or anything like that . 
  in fact the number of soldiers on german soil are going to reduce ( a batallion is a lot smaller than a brigade ) . 
   why would they tweet the response ? 
  because that is the story ? 
  we can be all naive and pretend that rt is nothing but a kremlin propaganda instrument . 
  but in the end a response like that by the estonian ministry is pretty close to censorship itself . 
  if you believe this is how your government should deal with journalists then i am worried about your commitment to european values . 
  it 's different . 
  they have a paper that states ukraine owes them money . 
  that paper was insured by a british bank . 
  in order to collect the insurance they need to go through the normal procedure . 
  that means they have to sue ukraine before the court specified on the paper . 
  of course ukraine will be ordered to pay back . 
  if they want to play hard ball they refuse still . 
  then the insurance bank has to pay and try to get the money back from ukraine itself . 
  the whole point of making such insurances is to cover a deal gone bad . 
  normally deals do n't turn sour like that . 
  the british bank surely will want to keep selling these insurances in the future too , so they 'll play along i suppose . 
  i once saw a documentary about rural turkey on tv , 15 or more years ago . 
  when showing a tea house there was an old man sitting there with 4 or 5 newspapers . 
  they asked him why he was reading so many of them . 
  he told the crew , that you have to read news from multiple newspapers and try to puzzle them together , because they all report with their own bias . 
  i guess he did n't like to be bullshitted . 
  that 's interesting . 
   because our name is `` hrvatska '' . 
  which makes you wonder how the word `` croat '' came to be . 
  i guess these strange romans back in the day did n't care how you called yourself and just invented something they liked . 
  am i close ? 
  we are talking about eu countries and canada/us here , not some banana republic . 
  here in germany there are laws that protect companies from such misleading nonsense already . 
  of course the government is n't going to swindle companies into investing only to screw them over briefly afterwards . 
  like i said , in a properly working constitutional democracy you do n't need to protect foreign companies more than local ones . 
  you see , the point of a democratically elected government is to make laws the electorate wants . 
  if the electorate agrees for example , that lead water pipes are shit and need to be banned then the government should be able to ban lead water pipes without being sued by some whiny arsehole company , that sells this garbage . 
  in a properly working constitutional democracy it should n't and does n't have anything to do with where this whiny arsehole company comes from . 
  did it work for california ? 
  yeah i was about to say in terms of trade they got the most important part . 
  we do n't solve this refugee problem by killing them all . 
  wtf dude ... 
  i keep seeing you spamming your simplistic message all over this thread . 
  look , nobody is saying , that shia terrorism is not terrorism . 
  people are just trying to explain to you , that it differs from sunni terrorism . 
  what hizbollah does is more similar to the pkk . 
  they attack political targets usually . 
  that 's mostly the `` enemy 's '' soldiers and similar targets . 
  that does n't make it honorable . 
  no , it 's still terrorism . 
  it 's just not the same as putting on a suicide belt and walking into a mosque . 
  true , there is no evidence . 
  but how likely do you think it is , that the key political building burns down completely on the account of a single arsonist ? 
  you 'd assume there is plenty of warden personal . 
  you 'd assume they 'd scramble the fuck out of every fire fighting unit they could . 
  there is no proof the nazis did it themselves . 
  but there is ample indication they let it happen . 
  and they ruthlessly exploited it to further their means . 
  i believe it 's also consensus that the nazis facilitated it to a degree . 
  considering they had no interest in democracy and thus did n't need the parliament building for anything they might have allowed it to burn down completely for the dramatic effect . 
  and they used that effect to effectively shut down democracy once and for all . 
  if i 'm not mistaken this is what people actually mean when they mention the reichstagsbrand . 
  and if you are n't in the single market you will not get access to the other 3 key necessities either . 
  and that 's what your economy is afraid of . 
  if you do n't accept all 4 necessities the best you will get is some sort of fta .
