  there have to be limits to free trade or shit like this would still be normal . 
   ebola is n't an airborne virus . 
  so long as our health services are tracking what 's going on , we should be fine . 
  well , hopefully . 
  but the virus seems to infect animals too . 
  just today i learned , that for example pack rats and fruit bats are one of the big reasons why it spreads in africa at the moment . 
  people eat those animals not knowing they can contain the virus . 
  as long as the virus does n't get here we really have no idea which kinds of animals will get infected by it . 
  sure , it is unlikely the virus in its current form would be pandemic in europe . 
  but it would still be very dangerous . 
  heh , sorry i misunderstood it then . 
  well shit can happen when you fire live ammo . 
  when i served in the army the instructors were very clear about how we had to shoot our rifles . 
  they tried to prevent accidents , because in the past there have been some . 
  those bullets can fly quite a distance if you fire them in the air randomly . 
   i just said that the gov ' t does n't care all too much about sorbs . 
  you are right there . 
  they do n't seem to give much of a fuck . 
   well , they did decide to close the schools , did they not ? 
  to be honest i have no idea . 
  i 'll take your word . 
  but lets be real here . 
  they closed a lot of schools in rural areas . 
  they are cutting down on everything . 
  does n't seem to me like there is some agenda against sorbs happening . 
   nothing anywhere close to that serious has happened since . 
  i disagree . 
  shortly after the war the united states led a massive crusade against opposition people by labeling them `` communists '' . 
  they basically took away the rights from the alledged communists in a similar way . 
  sure , the number of people in internment camps was n't as high . 
  but the method of simply taking away civil rights from americans was the same , basically . 
  and today your country is doing drone strikes against alledged terrorists . 
  that works the same way . 
  you declare them terrorists and do n't give a fuck about any human rights on their part . 
  you give them the death sentence without trial . 
  do n't get me wrong , most of these people are probably really bad motherfuckers . 
  but the way your government acts is not in line with human rights . 
  i like how optimistic you are . 
  unfortunately that 's not how it works out in reality . 
  there are countless examples of how human rights were nullified on a whim . 
  read up about what the usa did during ww2 to american citizens who were children of japanese immigrants . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  if your `` rights '' can be taken away from you because of reasons that are completely out of your control , then they are n't rights . 
   they 're real because we say they are . 
  the problem is : they get unreal the moment we decide they do . 
  saxony has a prime minister from sorbia . 
  so it 's not like they are treated badly . 
  they just suffer from the same problems every rural region , especially in eastern germany suffers from . 
  the youth ca n't be arsed to stay there . 
  and they do n't give much of a fuck about the old traditions . 
  i do n't like merkel and her politics . 
  but i 'm not sure what the federal government is supposed to do about it . 
  bolstering them up would be socialism like it was done in the gdr . 
  i do n't think this would be welcomed in the entirety of germany . 
  as george carlin put it : there are no rights . 
  there are only temporary priviledges . 
  it 's their city now . 
  as far as i 'm concerned they can do with it whatever they want . 
  the former german cities in north-western poland have been rebuilt too . 
  and they too tried to some degree to restore their flairs from the past . 
  if they like it that way , fine by me . 
   or irlande in french . 
  or irland in german . 
  maybe a freudian slip ? 
  i do n't know why they did that . 
  to be honest i do n't even know who negotiated and what their goals were . 
  the negotiations were secret afaik . 
  for years the voters had no ideo what was going on . 
  only recently some details were revealed and those details , especially the investor protection bullshit freaked us out . 
  as i do n't know how the negotiations went down i wont blame this only on canada 's government . 
  probably our own government or its negotiators handled this poorly too . 
   damn , i really liked the idea of discounted european chocolate you could have gotten that without an issue . 
  but you ca n't have it if your government insists on circumventing german law . 
  those `` investor protection '' clauses are what caused this to fail . 
  maybe you should ask your governement why exactly they wanted that . 
  i feel the same like you . 
  almost half of the threads are posted by the same few redditors and they always aim for the same goal . 
  they also do n't want to discuss . 
  they just keep posting their strange links . 
  so i do n't frequent this sub much anymore either . 
  the lack of leafs on that tree in the middle of the picture . 
  what does it mean ? 
  yeah , but they said they had evidence how the russians supplied the donetsk people with the weapon system . 
  now it turns out they do n't , despite it being a fucking large tank . 
  they also have never presented any evidence for the claim that russia was arming the people in east ukraine . 
  now if they ca n't even provide evidence for a fucking tank moving around it is of cause totally believable , that they can see kalashnikovs or other small stuff being moved . 
  and it also makes perfect sense to not provide that evidence , because ... ? 
  or to be more precise : all this talk about evidence for the last months was nothing but lies or wishful thinking at best . 
  they pushed us into the sanctions based on this . 
  fucking great ... 
  her question is valid though . 
  because that 's exactly what saakashvili is suggesting . 
  and once again they will make more debt instead of paying back some debt . 
  meanwhile they have the brashness to order other countries in the eu to cut spendings . 
  the awesome german government ... 
  it 's a bit like football `` experts '' predicting favorites and busts . 
  every damn year you get the wildest speculations about every fucking team and player . 
  most of it will turn out to be completely insane . 
  but sometimes one of them accidently made the right predictions . 
  and then they will bath in glory .
