ah , frau beck again . 
  here is a [ pic of her ] ( http://friedensblick.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/marieluise-beck-chodorkowski.jpg ) with one of her friends . 
   do german politicians actually talk like this with no repercussions ? 
  no , normally not . 
  which is why i said last year things would be different . 
  but our current defense minister made those speculations recently . 
  i do n't actually know what she was trying to say . 
  i just realized , that maybe she has reason to believe nato is n't as stable as we usually get told . 
  why else would you speculate something like that in a situation like now ? 
   the us basically wrote the german and japanese constitutions , time to make changes to reflect changed circumstances . 
  the us did n't write our constitution . 
  but if we were to rewrite it this might have quite a few consequences , that would change the game . 
   this seems completely incompatible with nato membership . 
  this is a big if , but if russia attacked latvia do you think germany would invoke its constitution to claim it can not intervene despite nato article 5 ? 
  i have no idea really . 
  had you asked me 1 year ago i would have said sure , germany will defend latvia . 
  but today ? 
  when our defense minister speculates of nato falling apart over a russian invasion in the baltics i am not so sure about it anymore . 
  before you guys and gals discuss how big germany 's military should be you need to think of the current situation . 
  according to our consitution the german military only serves one purpose and that is to repel any foreign invasions on german territory . 
  needless to say there is no threat of any invasion . 
  so it has been hard for the last 25 years to justify the military spending unchanged after the end of the cold war . 
  you may wonder , how come germany is involved in conflicts like in ex-yugoslawia or afghanistan then ? 
  well ... our politicians decided they wanted to be good allies to nato/us . 
  so they bent the constitution , claiming germany would need to be defended at the hindukush and stuff like that . 
  they could n't bring themselves to change the consitution though , so that remains like in 1989 . 
  today , ignoring all constitutional boundaries , we are in a phase of reorganizing the military into an `` intervention army '' . 
  do n't get excited about it . 
  unless we change our constitution there will always be an extremely simple loophole for our politicians to say `` what ? 
  this intervention would be against our constitution , so we ca n't support it in good conscience '' . 
  so the real question you are asking yourselves is this : should germany too , like so many other countries become an interventionalist force at military level ? 
  because quite clearly , there is no other purpose for increasing our spending . 
  `` dark patterns '' is nothing but a nice , mysterious name for scam . 
  this bullshit should have been banned for a decade already . 
  maybe http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/suchuwate ? 
  i have no idea what they are saying in the video , because i do n't really understand russian language well enough . 
  but [ here ] ( http://www.osce.org/om/122938 ) is what osce says . 
  apparently all trucks came back , with open tailgates . 
  no mention of any cargo inside them , so i guess that means they were indeed empty . 
  woah slow down dude . 
  i was n't talking about annexations or stuff like that . 
  imho `` home turf '' in a context like this implies some kind of influence bigger than any third party 's influence as well as the will and right to defend that influence . 
  do we agree on that ? 
  you brought up the heavy investment and the geographical vicinity . 
  so my question was aimed at whether heavy investment and geographical vicinity was enough to to make an area your home turf in your opinion . 
  i do understand what you mean . 
  but that does n't answer the question i asked you . 
  so you are basically saying , that because the us is heavily invested in the area and can be there very fast they legitimately claim it as their home turf ? 
   challenge the us on its home turf how exactly is ecuador `` us home turf '' ? 
  what a huge load of crap . 
  steinmeier has always pressured kiev to stop the violence , even before yanukovich was ousted . 
  also putin does n't need the german government to spare him humiliation infront of the world . 
  what the authors really want to say is , that they think the russian people need saving from humilitation . 
  but that has nothing to do with reality . 
  that 's only confrontational fingerpointing . 
  and you wonder why they feel threatened by the west . 
  by the way , a nuke-state does n't simply become a no-nuke-state . 
  those nukes wont go away when a country collapses . 
  what goes away when a country collapses are stability and security . 
  there would be no way to account for the nukes in such a case . 
  believe me , no matter how much you hate the russians , you do n't want their thousands of nukes ending up in the hands of criminal warlords . 
  the name prussia originates from a baltic tribe , that lived in the gdansk area a thousand years ago . 
  when the holy roman empire ( that basically was german back then ) expanded eastwards they christianized prussia . 
  as lordzarasophos already pointed out hohenzollern and prussian history only got linked a few centuries later . 
   what kind of actions did they suggest ? 
  they suggested negotiations . 
  you know just as well as most everyone else knows , that the russians will not simply fall on their knees because of our pressure . 
  it was to be expected , that they would answer pressure with pressure . 
  and they will continue to do that . 
  this is pointless for you and me though . 
  the only ones who profit from that will be arms manufacturers and political hawks . 
  what negotiations means is , that we need to come back to an agreement , that both we and the russians can accept . 
  so it has to be favorable for both of us . 
  in other words : we need a compromise . 
  and unlike the last time this has to be a real , lasting agreement . 
  the russians probably wont accept shallow promises of not expanding the nato again . 
  by the way , i 'm not saying what russia does is right . 
  i 'm only saying , that what we do is stupid . 
  hm , sure we ca n't just let them hang out to dry . 
  but i 'd like to refresh your memories , that there were a bunch of people , especially those who know about economics , who rejected the idea of sanctions in the first place . 
  our retarded politicians thought they could put economic pressure on russia without having to pay a price for it . 
  turns out the economically educated people were right . 
  we ca n't . 
  of course it wont be our politicians who have to pay . 
  it will be average joe when he pays taxes . 
  fucking well done ... 
  the swedes surely will be thrilled about this . 
  if they allow americans to violate their airspace how are they supposed to justify protest when russians do it ? 
  because you can bet on it : the russians will test how the swedes react when they do it . 
  those kind of shenanigans do have consequences . 
  this is n't a fucking game . 
  no , it has nothing to do with the domain . 
  it applies if you are running a website in germany . 
   only if they make money with their blog actually that 's not 100 % correct . 
  read [ here ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/impressumspflicht#abl.c3.b6sung_des_teledienstegesetzes ) how it works . 
  please forgive me if i do n't translate it to english , because that sentence is so long and loaded with judicial language , that i ca n't do it properly . 
  what it says is , that if you could run a comparable website self-sufficiently with ads or similar ways to generate earnings it is considered commercial and therefor falls under the telemedien-act . 
  no he does n't . 
  in germany bloggers need to have an [ impressum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impressum ) to be in accordance with the law . 
  well , there was a time when free trade included the trade of slaves .
