  we should never become indifferent about it . 
  and yes , police is working hard to prevent it . 
  but in a free country police ca n't guarantee absolute safety from shit like this . 
  you are telling me to get a sense of scale and then put murder victims on par with with victims of accidents and natural causes ? 
  it is n't like people are getting massacred . 
  but if someone gets murdered every other month this surely terrorizes the immigrant community too to some degree . 
   also , what was the nazi racial classification of ukrainians ? 
  subhuman , like every other slav . 
  official numer of people killed by right wing extremists since 1990 is [ 58 ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/todesopfer_rechtsextremer_gewalt_in_deutschland ) . 
  inofficial number is close to 200 . 
  obviously not all of them were immigrants , and not all of the immigrants were refugees . 
  but unfortunately the number is not 6 or 7 , but rather at least 6 or 7 dozens . 
  that story sounds a bit oversimplified . 
  germany does n't give free housing , food and other stuff to greek citizens just like that . 
  but germany is searching for people to work in certain jobs , where we lack local workforce . 
  so maybe the people you are talking about had qualifications for one of these jobs , in which case germany would indeed go these lengths to lure them here . 
  but that surely is n't the normal procedure for most asylum seekers . 
  by the way not everything is rosy for the asylum seekers here . 
  there are a bunch of right wing wankers who hate their guts and are willing to kill or even murder them . 
  plus many of the simple folks are pretty dim-witted and do n't understand , that the asylum seekers are n't here to exploit us but are here only to not get axed down in the hellhole they fled from . 
  if he does respond to it please tell . 
  i 'd like to see that too . 
  i was going to suggest something similar . 
  but to be honest i do n't believe that story . 
  or to be more precise , i do n't believe americans are so dumb to throw away their own political interests just to spite some unimportant foreign newspaper or stranger . 
  yes they had a few hundred years ago . 
  back then it was divided into many principalities and duchies . 
  it caused them to get attacked and invaded alot , because the attackers had an easy time to single out princes or dukes one after another . 
   i would pretty much do anything my grandma asked as long as she is still sane , and she is , and she is 89 . 
  but unlike wilhelm you probably have no intentions to start a fucking world war . 
  the guy wanted it really bad . 
  he pretty much coerced the austrians into declaring war on serbia . 
  he knew that his russian cousin would b forced to honor his alliance with serbia . 
  and he also knew this would draw france and his british cousin in as well because of the treaties they had with the russians . 
  i 'm questioning wilhelm 's sanity here , not that of his grandma if she was still alive . 
  did the british king really have much say in it ? 
  i thought they had a democracy there . 
  also i somehow doubt wilhelm would have listened to his then would be 95 year old grandma . 
   it really is true that the right response to a country lying about its actions is to come back with data demonstrating that it is lying and showing the methodology . 
  but if it was that easy we could check google earth for every `` incident '' of shelling . 
  there have been dozens where kiev claimed the dnr/lnr shot themselves . 
  do you honestly believe it is that simple ? 
  it 's not just the economy . 
  it 's also political incentives like child allowance , guarranteed kindergarten care , paid childcare leave and lowered tax rates for parents . 
  so attempting to fix the economy by austerity and thus killing most if not all political incentives probably does n't work for increasing birth rates . 
  but why for easter ? 
  are n't the christians remembering their messiah 's death that day ? 
  i 'd think that would make more sense if they did it for the holiday they have to celebrate his birthday ... 
  there are germans here in germany who do n't recognize germany . 
  yet we still give them citizenship ... 
   germany apologized for their wrongdoings multiple times , did the last shitty thing 70 years ago , and generally since then they try really hard not to be dicks anymore so why would i hate them ? 
  you seem to be a reasonable person . 
  but do you remember how most of your newspapers ( and i do n't know how many of their readers ) went totally nuts , because some stupid german newspaper called your then president a potato ? 
  damn , there was a lot of generalized anger thrown around . 
  if you are referring to the soviets entering the pacific theatre then you need to consider , that this move was agreed on between the soviets and the us during the conferences in tehran and yalta . 
  the soviets basically kept their word to help the us in the east after europe was dealt with . 
  if this is already a law what do you need the arbitrary court for then ? 
   if `` the government '' in the form of one agency encourages a company to invest - and issues the legal permission to do so - and that is then countermanded by some other agency at a later date , then the company has not `` jumped the gun '' this is a terrible reasoning . 
  one could interpret any contract talks as `` encouragement '' that way . 
  what 's next ? 
  corporations can sue governments , because they do n't want to conclude the talks with signing a contract ? 
  gtfo, 
  before the germans got there the real prussians had a small castle there . 
  the place was called twangste and in lithuanian tvangst\u0117 or tvanksta . 
  but i guess that 's too long ago . 
  who wrote this strange article ? 
  do they have no clue how capitalism works ? 
  do they not ask themselves why every government always talks about `` growth '' ? 
  because if they thought about it they 'd realize , that the return of investing x billions in some underdeveloped country in asia is a lot higher than investing the same amount of money in an already highly developed european country . 
  it allows german ( and british and french and italian ) companies to increase growth , which the politicians then will brand as their own success during election campaigns . 
  plus it is easier to sell `` development aid '' to the voters , if the countries receiving it are poor little island states somewhere in the pacific ocean rather than in the eu . 
  if i understand the article correctly the russians only use this thing as a port for research vessels . 
  russian military ships are not allowed to enter norway 's waters without asking for permission . 
  this entire article is just scaremongering by some anti-russian clowns . 
   i think the euro is responsible for greece 's downfall . 
  i disagree . 
  what got them into the problems ? 
  there were several reasons , which came together here . 
  first of all the former greece governments took too many loans and did n't try to fight corruption or tax evasion . 
  bad policies . 
  then their banks were involved too heavily in the american sub prime bubble which got them in trouble when lehman imploded . 
  the former goverments thought they needed to save their banks and bailed them out , believing they 'd keep getting the low interest rates they were used to . 
  again bad policy . 
  instead they should have talked to the rest of eu , especially germany , if they can solve the problem together . 
  why ? 
  because german banks had given quite some loans to the greek banks too , before the lehman thing . 
  with greek banks in trouble german banks were in trouble too , because they were at risk losing loans they thought that were totally safe . 
  the hasty greek action and they acceptance to this troika bullshit saved our banks , actually . 
  and what is happening now is just the greed of people who want to make a profit of greece 's problems by keeping them on the ridiculous debt leash . 
  everybody knows it is impossible for greece to get out of that debt with only austerity . 
  nobody expects them to succeed with that . 
  but until they finally break they may still sell some state property or at least pay interest rates . 
  switzerland is developing armed drones ?? 
  why is there a 120 % on the y-axis ? 
  only 4 thugs in that picture . 
  and must of the dirt is properly put in the dumpsters !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't want that type of socialism back . 
  i was just pointing out , that there are more reasons than people being old , dumb or poor to say `` we had it better in socialism '' . 
  i just googled rahova and i got to read that it underwent gentrification after 1997 . 
  does n't sound like dirty streets and thugs ' paradise to me .
