  this is also the reason why normally allied intelligence agencies do n't do shit like that to each other , because it will cause harm to both of them . 
  interesting article . 
  i have to say though , that basing claims on events so far in the past is practically the same as outright fabricating claims imho . 
  the article gives a few ideas though , why people have such a troubled history . 
  i knew muslims had a record for being slave traders in the middle ages . 
  but i never made the connection between that knowledge and the tensions between russians and tartars . 
  so i guess i learned something today . 
  still disagree with the idea to justify taking terrority because of it . 
  the majority probably just kinda freaks out , because they do n't understand it . 
  the informed people opposing it do it for a combination of reasons . 
  firstly they are arguing , that gm can cause unforseen environmental consequences . 
  you can not test every gm product for its effects in every possible biosphere . 
  what is not dangerous in the american midwest could be bad in an austrian valley . 
  and you will only find out the terrible news after the damage is already done . 
  of course this argument applies to traditional breeding techniques in the same way . 
  just saying before people get mad about it again . 
  secondly the research process behind gm is mostly secret . 
  after all it is financed by companies and they do n't want their trade secrets in the open realm . 
  so if the research is secret there is no proper way to analyze and verify it . 
  this is against normal methods in science . 
  if you do n't make your work open for scrutiny you will not be recognized for it by other scientists . 
  and a third aspect is , that the companies behind it are only doing it for maximizing profit . 
  they have no altruistic goals to feed the world . 
  they want more money . 
  and there are fears , that the gm seeds they research are designed exactly for that . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  if a company like monsanto earns money by selling gm seeds , fertilizer and pesticides then they could design the seeds in such a way , that it only works with their fertilizers and pesticides . 
  and they could design their fertilizers and pesticides in such a way , that they turn the soil unusable for anything but their gm seeds . 
  allowing them to do that would make you 100 % dependant on them . 
  and it would destroy your biospheres of course . 
  i 'm sure there are a bunch of other reasons , like traditionalism and whatnot . 
  but afaik those are the main concerns . 
  the press is quoting `` geheimdienstkreise '' ( intelligence sources ) . 
  they quote them telling a different story . 
  according to those sources the dude popped up on the radar in may . 
  the bnd and verfassungsschutz ( another german intelligence agency ) thought he was a russian double agent . 
  he was using a googlemail account to set up meetings and making offers . 
  so they asked the americans if they know anything about him . 
  apparently they got nothing informative in reply . 
  then they wiretapped a mail of him trying to contact the russian embassy to arrange a deal with them . 
  mind you he had been on the radar for being a double agent before that . 
  so this begs the question why he would try to contact the russian embassy if he was already working with them . 
  anyways , the russians did n't answer . 
  as i understood it he had another of his meetings after that in austria or czech republic . 
  so at this point the germans knew he is a double agent , the russians knew it and the americans knew it too . 
  and they went along with it anyways . 
  the bnd then decided to lure him into a trap . 
  they faked a russian reply to set up a meeting with him in disguise . 
  if he had already been working for the russians he would have never fallen for that trick . 
  that 's why the stories of him lying and the russians being behind it makes no sense . 
  how are they helping the tartars by not letting their ships dock in turkish ports ? 
  have they thought this through properly ? 
  i do n't know what palypso meant . 
  but lets just say not everything is perfect . 
  there are many little flaws that need to be addressed , like the lack of transparency in some areas , the unwillingness of the parliament majority to ratify the un 's anti-corruption conventions and other things . 
  i guess there is no such thing as the perfect form of governance . 
  there will always be room for improvement . 
  shale gas is nothing but a very shortlived bubble , that will burst even faster than it grew . 
  even the us energy administration is expecting the peak in 2016 already , and they have n't even drilled for 10 years so far . 
  also the amount of gas and oil that is actually unearthed is not very big . 
  shale gas will solve no energy dependency problems . 
  instead it will create massive environmental hazards , because the oil companies are pumping secret substances into the ground . 
  they even want to refuse to tell the respective governments ( or their environmental administrations ) what those substances are . 
  they say `` business secret , fuck you '' . 
  i say `` fuck yourself '' . 
  politicians always oppose to border changes , especially borders of their own country if it means they lose something . 
  it will cause a loss of votes in the next elections or a loss of perceived power if not a democracy . 
  it weakens their position . 
  you have to get rid of the idea , that politicians are idealists . 
  most of them are not . 
  they are craving for power . 
  this article reads like a facebook post of a 14 year old attention whore . 
  if you want to rile up people you need to make at least a few points of how exactly your rights are violated and what your personal consequences are . 
  simply stating `` free speech is important '' and calling people names is n't exactly proving a point . 
  the problem is , that it 's not * america * that acts like they are at war with us . 
  it is the apparatus of secret services , which apparently is out of control . 
  they have been given too many priviledges and they have taken even more so for themselves and now they are just doing what they want . 
  i do n't think the normal citizens and the governors/senators really wanted all this . 
  they just lack the balls to do something about it , just like we do . 
  in defense deals the only competition will always be for the highest bribes . 
  that is even more so true , when all offered products are completey unproven for war use . 
  as long as you consider `` defense '' as a business and not a strategy it will always be that way . 
  it already has escalated and we are only just know realizing what these people are up to . 
  what we learned so far is outraging . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  there is shit going on that would sound completely unbelievable if anyone posted it here today . 
  and in a few months/years we 'll think `` how stupid were we not to expect that ?! '', 
  the article states why they veto it . 
  hollywood can just use a replica . 
  i do n't think the targeted viewers are going to say `` what ? 
  not the real un hall ? 
  fuck it , now i do n't want to watch it anymore ! '', 
  no , they should n't . 
  this is n't some type of game . 
  the point of this veto right is , that only decisions all security council members agree on ( or at least do n't object ) go through . 
  you do n't propose shit to the security counsil when you know someone in there will be offended by it . 
  when you read news articles that state `` ewwww china blocked this , russia veto 'd that , us prevented resolutions there ... '' this happened , because the others made a proposition they knew would get veto 'd . 
  they are simply trying to use the stupid journalists to twist people 's minds . 
  in reality they were unable to compromise properly and failed diplomatically . 
  it 's not the fault of the veto .
