  so which sane creditor would give them a cheap loan and ignore the risk ? 
  the answer is : only someone who also hedges against the risk by betting on greece 's default , or someone with a political ( ideological ) reason to keep them afloat would be willing to do that . 
  and both will fuck greece over . 
  to get out of this scenario they would have to somehow find a way to stop the gdp from shrinking and at the same time fix the budget deficit issue . 
  they could only get access to loans from less dangerous creditors if they found a way to get back to positive gdp growth and budget surplusses , which in turn would reduce the debt to gdp ratio . 
  you tell me if selling the crown jewels is going to do that ... 
   the us has done better than the eu in this crisis because their union is not being run by incompetent germans . 
  the us solved its problem by simply printing a fuckton of money . 
  merkel and sch\u00e4uble do n't want to print as much money and do n't want to give up greek repayments either . 
  to me it looks like they want a weak and suffering greece inside the $ so they can get votes for seemingly lucrative trade surplus that is a side-effect of a weak $ . 
  in the end both approaches are unsustainable . 
  they are just different ways to drag out the inevitable . 
  there is no long term perspective in either of these approaches . 
   i assume this [ improvement ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=gkgnvyy&amp;d1=20010101&amp;d2=20151231 ) over a couple of years this graph actually shows , that over the span of 7 years the gdp growth was negative for all but 2 quarters . 
  where i come from that 's not improvement , but a fucking nightmare . 
  no i meant in general . 
  i guess these pics come from some kind of book or tv documentation , that is aimed at a certain , uninformed mass market . 
  maybe they just used these borders to make it easier for the reader to figure out where the spots would be on todays map . 
  because i swear to you most germans , americans or british would have no clue what they are looking at if they saw the borders pre 1800 ... 
  still a poor decision to use these borders for germany and poland though . 
  i wonder what they were thinking when they did that . 
   our bible belt what ? 
  you have a bible belt ? 
  color me surprised ( and confused ) . 
  actually skoda has had a very good reputation even before ww1 . 
  also during the cold war skoda products were praised all accross the east block . 
  they did n't just produce passenger cars , but also trucks , trams , locomotives and other machinery . 
  it 's a remarkable company ( or more like several independent companies today ) . 
  maybe ask the mayor of detroit why paying the debts did n't work anymore . 
  like greece they did n't ask for a get of of jail free card . 
  paying the debts was just impossible . 
  so they had to stop paying . 
  countries and cities are not like an ordinary company , that can simply close shop . 
  just because a city or country goes bankrupt does n't mean they are gone . 
  of course they stay there and try to move on . 
  this has nothing to do with `` getting out of jail free '' . 
  what 's ridiculous is you making that connection . 
  but that 's where we dug a whole with plans to dump our nuclear waste in it . 
  that 's not very inviting . 
  i like italy very much . 
  but let 's not repeat that axis thing . 
  that sucked . 
   also , his own proposal is bad by any comparison to any deal greece had before . 
  yeah , it probably would have cost syriza the their government participation within the next few months . 
  then again it would have only lead to the same situation again , because the next government would have tried to renegotiate too . 
  so i am not entirely sure why they even made this proposal . 
  that 's not a deal . 
  that 's a proposal after half a year of everyone playing hardball . 
  this is not their vision of a beautiful future . 
  it is a compromise they were willing to make , hoping that the other side might be willing to agree on . 
  it got flat out denied , because the other side wants a far worse deal for greek voters . 
   on one side you have siriza 's side with their own extremely bad deal what do you mean with that ? 
  what `` deal '' do they have ? 
  dang , i was trying to think if a country might have an even shorter name , but i could n't think of any . 
  in their own languages malta is the shortest name though . 
   edit : nvm , norway , finland and estland are equally short in their own languages . 
  damn , lake ladoga is fucking huge compared to the rest of european lakes . 
  you example does n't fit for another reason . 
  greece essentially was bankrupt before syriza was voted in . 
  there are only 2 ways to go realistically . 
  either bow down and accept the rape in form of austerity . 
  or somehow get rid of the debt without having to pay , i.e. 
  debt cut or default . 
  people voted for syriza , because they did n't want the rape-option . 
  or did they not ? 
  and they hoped the creditors would agree to debt cuts . 
  that 's why leaving the euro was not automatically the opposite choice of accepting austerity . 
  unfortunately the creditors played hardball , so now it looks like it is . 
  from my perspective it looks like syriza did try to achieve what they were voted in to do . 
  it was not them , who got greece into this situation . 
  hm , i see plenty of benjamins there but i ca n't spot a single euro . 
  that 's odd . 
  are euros not used for bribes in ukraine ? 
  and if so , why ? 
  dude , everyone in this thread told you that there is no controversy about it . 
  people only tried to explain to you , that the phrasing makes sense in other languages . 
  all camps were german . 
  you need to take a step back and try to understand that this is just a language thing . 
  yeah , when i went to school there was no wikipedia . 
  yeah , but it does n't explain why the freikorps used these colors in this order in the first place . 
  you know , why 3 bars ? 
  why these 3 colors ? 
  why in this order ? 
  that 's why the explanation is lacking imho . 
   so i say it again , there was no poland when the camps were constructed and operated . 
  their location was in germany or german occupied territories , but apparently to call them `` german camps '' seems to be `` unfair '' for germans . 
  you misunderstand . 
  they are called polish sometimes , because they were in places that are in poland now . 
  it really only is meant to describe their location in the context of current borders . 
  i 'm pretty sure the nazis themselves did not call them polish . 
  this is only a thing now , so people quickly understand which camps are being referred to . 
  there were so many , that in some contexts it is necessary to label them by location . 
  such contexts are for example if you want to talk about what happened to the people in the ghettos of warsaw and krakow . 
  nobody thinks of them being built or operated by poland . 
  i have never heard that either . 
  in school they taught us the version of it stemming from the freikorps . 
  the gist was basically , that the 3 colors had been used often in german history . 
  the freikoprs were the first to put them in a flag in 3 bars in that order . 
  thinking about it i remember sitting in class back in the time and hearing the teacher say `` and that 's the reason we have black-red-gold '' . 
  i also remember thinking how that was a bullshit explanation , because he explained no reason at all but only stated since when it was used and by who .
