  the world of `` journalism '' is fucked up everywhere . 
  you are right there . 
  i 'm just saying , that they may not have any significant influence on him . 
  there is a pretty strong likelyhood they could end up like chodorkovsky , if they try to mess with putin 's politics . 
   the question is whether their `` horror '' may put the brakes on putin . 
  that makes no sense though , because if you assume they have enough influence to stop current russian politics you 'd have to assume they had influence in setting up the current politics too . 
  but why would they want confrontational politics and then suddenly show the white feather when the confrontation gets serious ? 
  please forgive me , but i ca n't be sorry for billionairs . 
  those people probably got their wealth illegally and belong in jails anyways . 
   two reporters , one recently due to the bullshit over mh17 [ 1 ] , have resigned in protest of how the kremlin was manipulating their reporting . 
  this kind of argument is baseless though . 
  other journalists in the west did similar things . 
  for example i recently read an article of a guy , who was a former soldier of the bundesweer and has served in afghanistan . 
  after he came back and finished his army career he became a journalist . 
  he was working amongst others for the german newspaper zeit . 
  in his opinion the way how german news covered afghanistan was wrong . 
  so he tried to report on it how he thought it should be reported . 
  but they would n't let him . 
  they either heavily edited his articles to the point that they did n't reflect what he was trying to write anymore . 
  or they simply refused to publish his articles at all . 
  so eventually he quit working for them . 
  this is not something that happens only to the evil rt like some people try to spin it . 
  it can happen to any newspaper or media , that tries to manipulate the reader 's opinion by publishing false information or by blocking critical/different opinions . 
  and sadly almost every newspaper or media does this to some degree . 
   germany lacks the balls to do any of this . 
  just watch . 
  merkel will gradually stop talking about this stuff and it will vanish from the political `` scene . '', 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  the problem will still exist so the people will keep being upset about it . 
  if merkel does n't do anything about it , it will weaken her position in the next elections . 
  and the parties profiting of it want germany to leave nato and other pretty big things . 
  it 's not like there are no implications . 
  the thing is all those claims are nothing but claims until proven . 
  you may have noted there is not just a war with dead people going on . 
  there is also a propaganga war raging . 
  we have to stop repeating the claims and demand proof , evidence . 
  otherwise we are throwing away our own principles . 
  but where is the evidence ? 
  i have not seen anyone post anything that would stand up as a proof for anything in a proper court . 
  it 's all just claims , allegations and speculations . 
  everyone keeps repeating the stories someone else posted , how someone else has proof . 
  this is a typical symptom for situations where everyone is lying . 
  normally if something is blatantly obvious conclusive , real evidence surfaces pretty fast . 
  http://de.flightaware.com/live/flight/mas17/history/20140704/1000z/eham/wmkk there you can see which routes they took during the last 2 weeks . 
  shut up hillary . 
  of course we are outraged . 
  but we need to find out what happened before we decide how to react . 
  there are many redditors out there downvoting everything they do n't like or that remotely questions their way of thinking . 
  they downvoted my comment too . 
  well , we know a lot of people died horribly . 
  there seems to be no interest into properly investigating it though for the authorities in odessa . 
  so we can only draw conclusions from video footage , pr statements and random alleged witness testimonials . 
  to my knowledge it is not really clear why the fascist mob did that or if anyone was behind it . 
  so i 'd say yes , we do n't really know what happened there either . 
  we only know the consequences for the victims . 
   assuming the most likely scenario , it 's still a crime that should not go unpunished . 
  absolutely . 
  but like with all crimes we must make sure the person ( s ) who committed the crime must be put to trial , not `` just everyone who lives in the general area ... '', 
  fuck no !, 
  we do n't even know what happened yet . 
  as far as i 'm concerned we owe the current level of spy invasion to bush and his entourage . 
  we blame obama for his unwillingness to end it . 
  for us it 's not `` obama 's fault '' . 
  it is a fundamental problem with the us in general . 
  and when you question their confidence and ask for proof they call you `` old europe '' . 
  of course you wont get an equally prominent apology when the lies get uncovered . 
  i wish they would be more honest about their politics . 
  actually the c-parties like to speak of `` traditional values '' too pretty often . 
  but you are right , they do n't really act that way . 
  it 's more like fostering their image most of the time . 
  one could call it hypocritical . 
  but as long as they keep it that way i wont cry foul . 
  we had socialism , not communism . 
  and we sent socialism away . 
  but we kept the atheism . 
  we were cherry picking . 
  there are a few more religious laws . 
  about half the national holidays are religious holidays ( all christian of course ) . 
  on some of these holidays there are even laws banning clubs to play their music louder than elevators ( it 's not worded like that , i just cba too look it up and translate lol ) . 
  we still have a centuries old deal with the church to pay their bishops legally . 
  and in bavaria they still hang crosses in every class room and want to ban headscarfs ( which is double ironic , because when they went to the vatikan recently the women all wore headscarfs ) . 
  this is a bad idea imho . 
  it will not solve any ethnic problems . 
  it will only create new ones . 
  haha i was veeerrryyy drunk by the time the game ended . 
  i think i had about 10 german beers in my system at that stage . 
  poor liver :(, 
  but indeed , schweinsteiger was our most important player today . 
  he was fighting so hard it 's amazing . 
  waaaaaaaaah we finally did it after 4 semis in a row . 
  well played by argentina though . 
  what a nail biter . 
  yeah no worries . 
  officials from germany have been trying to talk to your officials for almost a year now over this issue . 
  but yours would n't even listen . 
  so now with those new incidents our officials just have to start doing something or they will get in trouble with the voters . 
  if your congressman does n't understand that he truly is an idiot . 
   letting a bigger country just invade a smaller one like that under the pretext of ` peacekeeping ' sets another dangerous precedent that china ( hell , anyone ) would prefer not to exist . 
  well , we have already set that precedent a couple of times ourselves . 
  also i believe the chinese would be the last to make a big issue out of it .
