  there live several million people in eastern ukraine . 
  maybe some of them a fanatical . 
  but the vast majority are civilians who do n't want war and probably do n't really consider themselves to be russians . 
  to solve the conflict you do n't need to convince the few fanatics . 
  you need to come to an agreement , that the majority there can live with . 
  bombing their cities will only turn moderate people into fanatics . 
  so what you need to do is make an offer to the millions , that they might want to talk about . 
  it needs to be serious , so that they tell the fanatics to go fuck themselves and come talk with you instead . 
  offering them shit like `` yeah , maybe we wont kill you , but you have to accept everything else we want '' is like an insult . 
   any military action against russia today , would be strictly conventional . 
  no it would n't and the people in charge know this . 
  the russian defense doctrine stipulates , that when they are attacked by a superior conventional army they will use tactical nuclear weapons to defend themselves . 
  you have to be no genius to predict that this would escalate pretty quickly . 
  the people need to sit together and solve the conflict in a way they all can live with . 
  you wont find such a solution by bombing those cities , killing protesters and civilians . 
  they will only get more angry at you , which will make any temporary `` peace '' you may achieve through your bombing very fragile . 
  this is pointless . 
  this klaus bachmann dude is a fucking idiot . 
  we do n't need a `` front '' , nor do we need to make punishments harder and harder . 
  we need to find a solution to the damn conflict . 
  we are not going to solve this by grabbing our weapons and shouting angry bullshit at anyone . 
  fighting over stuff , be it economical or military only causes casulties in one way or another and those casulties will lead to more conflict , not less . 
  which `` 3rd party '' east of the black sea produces natural gas but ca n't build their own pipelines ? 
  this rule sounds pretty arbitrary to me . 
  but you 're right about the external influence . 
  neither the lobbying of gazprom nor the behind the curtain words of the american senators are very democratic . 
   in a small country it tends to do so . 
  no it does n't if the people do n't ask themselves what they want . 
  i see a lot of commentators stating `` do n't want this , do n't want that '' but that 's destructive . 
  it leaves the drive to people who know what they want but do n't tell it to you . 
  and this is exactly what the oligarchs and lobbyists are doing in all of our `` democracies '' . 
  they want you to sit back there , having no political agenda other than joining in on their retarded `` russia sucks !!! '', 
  statements . 
  and while you 're posting on the internets how bad and weak and backward russia is they sell you out for their profit . 
  the only advantage a small country gets is that you feel the consequences a lot faster . 
  but unless you suddenly develop a political agenda of your own , that is not manipulated by the mighty and the rich you wo n't make anything of that advantage anyways . 
  if that were what actually happened it would seem very solid . 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  in reality the maidan people 's union demanded , that they get to approve or decline the suggested appointments for ministers . 
  what this means is , that the parliament had no choice to vote for what they wanted , or for who they represented in ukraine . 
  they had to propose candidates that the maidan people 's union would accept . 
  that 's why the right wing people are so over-represented in the current , practically self-installed ukrainian government . 
   the overthrowing of yanukovych was done legally as far as i understand ousting a president according to the law needed 75 % of the parliament votes which never happened . 
  and on top of that the failed vote to oust the president happened while swoboda and right wing protesters with firearms forced the parliament to oust him . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not how democracy works . 
  in my opinion that 's a coup . 
  excuse me but that does n't sound very democratic . 
  the military is n't some harmless toy . 
  you need more than `` a couple of people yelling oders '' . 
  you need to have a clear understanding of what this military is supposed to do and what it can not do . 
  this has to be agreed on by the vast majority . 
  what you imagine is a private army , that you can send around the world to get involved in whatever you want to get involved in . 
  no thanks , buddy . 
  there is no future eu military structure . 
  as long as we are mostly in nato we do n't need any . 
  and before we create a common european military structure we need a common financial , economy and foreign policies structure . 
  we essentially need to become some sort of unified country before we can form a unified military . 
  trying it the other way around will fail horribly . 
   we can spin it into the fact we have to step in due to surrender monkey france selling to putin or something . 
  but would n't that play into russias hands perfectly ? 
  america pays for some military shit they do n't need and put even more stress on their already stressed budget . 
  americans and french grow new antipathy because french do n't like to be called monkeys . 
  and the eurosceptics feast on it lowering the european unity even more ? 
  i suppose america could live with lower european unity just fine . 
  but it does n't really make sense for france . 
  well , they have a couple ( 3 ? ), 
  ministers as well as the attorney general , despite representing only 2 or 3 percent of the voters of the presedential election . 
  there is no democratical basis for their power . 
  they only got it through a coup , which means illegally ousting the former government , which is exactly what happened according to ukrainian law . 
  technically the russian propaganda is not lying in that aspect . 
  they are only overstating it by implying the entire maidan movement and everything that resulted from it are fascist . 
   for some reason czech republic unofficially banned weapons export to ukraine ( ministry of industry revoked weapons export licenses from companies traded with ukraine ) . 
  germany and france are trying our best to prevent the us and britain from providing weapons to ukraine . 
  it 's not surprising the czech republic 's government happily goes along with that , considering they are a lot more friendly with russia then our governments are . 
  [ let me draw an ugly picture to explain . 
  if you mean a party that could be described as the right wing mirror of the left `` die linke '' then i 'd say there does n't exist something like that in germany . 
  maybe the csu could fit that shoe , but they are not a national party . 
  the afd seemd like they wanted to do that on a national level . 
  but they recently kicked out all their liberals and are now indeed far right . 
   i really really do n't see the connection to bulgarian wages , do you ? 
  no i do n't . 
  that was actually my point , sort of ... 
  did you read the article ? 
  well , then we better not tumble into a recession ... 
   you have 2 trillion euros in debt . 
  that should be a problem normally . 
  but during the last few years we had negative interest rates on national debt over extended periods of time . 
  the german finance ministry actually earned money through the bonds . 
  and it was n't pocket change . 
  the headline is misleading . 
  the costs of the ministry are n't all benefits . 
  the ministry also has to account for administrative costs ( extra staff and such ) . 
  just many , many more brooms . 
  if the referendum is close one could maybe expect some delays over minor discrepancies . 
  i would n't be surprised if either side tried to argue for reelections or at least recountings and stuff . 
  then again , if it is close enough the situation could become sort of awkward anyways . 
  lets say the difference is a few hundred or thousand votes then you 'd be in a nightmare . 
  because in such a case you 'd basically have to fuck over half of the country on such an important issue . 
  looks like putin has the slightest of smiles there . 
  ca n't tell if he is amused about the reaction of the other people or the goal though .
