  blatter otoh looks like he does n't give any fucks about anything . 
   but the new not-that-far right ( pegida , the remaining afd ) is explicitely pro russian . 
  imho these groups are not `` new '' right . 
  they are showcases of the old right trying to become mainstream acceptable by subverting movements with weak or unrefined idelogy . 
   in germany right wing people are envious of russia i guess i doubt it . 
  if i 'm not mistaken they like to associate themselves with right wingers ( and with people they believe to be right wingers , because the `` lying press '' [ `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' ] told them so ) . 
  the german right wing ( defacto neo-nazi ) party is actually buddies with svoboda . 
  do n't try to make sense out of this whole thing . 
  it 's futile . 
   spain has consistently ignored the borders of gibraltar 's territorial waters territorial waters normally are 12 miles . 
  in the case of gibraltar they are even smaller , because this is nothing but a port the brits stole from spain . 
  british territorial waters only extend as far as 3 miles there . 
  in other words : this is none of their fucking business . 
  i 've heard people call @ `` kaufmanns-a '' or `` kaufm\u00e4nnisches a '' ( merchant 's a ) too by the way . 
  checking wikipedia that even makes sense , because merchants have used this symbol all over europe for centuries . 
  to me they are only 2 regions of belgium , like burgundy and champagne are 2 regions of france . 
  also i do n't support separation . 
  i thought we were going through with this eu project , or have we canceled that ? 
  those clowns writing this piece need to get a fucking grip . 
  we hate terrorists as much as the next guy . 
  but please stop trying to pull us into your bullshit ethnic conflict . 
  we wo n't start hating kurds like we never started hating basques or irish . 
  we are bystanders and it is a terrible show , but it is not our show . 
  ah i misread that . 
  so it just converts alcohol consumption to the equivalent of wine consumption as if every alcohol was consumed as wine ? 
  is n't it a bit weird to assume wine is 13 % of alcohol consumption in all of europe !, 
  shit , i should just go to bed . 
  mallorca , because i love the mediterranean but would n't want to live outside germany . 
  :p just kidding , but in honesty still mallorca . 
  i have seen many nice places in europe , but mallorca was the best . 
  it has mountains , countryside , beaches , good weather most of the time and the people ( those who live there , not the tourists ) are great . 
  but i would n't want to live in a luxury house . 
  i 'd sell it to some rich bastard and move to some village , to live in a modest house with the normal people and share the rich guy 's money with them . 
  but do they honestly want to join romania or do they just want to join the eu ? 
  i doubt the eu , especially spain and the uk would be thrilled about new members with the potential for separatism in the near future . 
  maybe this was n't their first or last scam ? 
  that 's not how this w\u00f6rks . 
  towels are only put there to reserve the spot in case one might feel like going to the beach later . 
  first of all i believe he was never going to win it . 
  it took the russians hundreds of years to conquer all this land . 
  napolean was never going to conquer it in his lifetime . 
  and as far as i have read about it the russians had no intentions to give up at any time . 
  they would have defended their land even if the had to retreat all the way to the pacific . 
  hypothetically napoleon winning would n't have changed that much . 
  it would have meant some `` nobles '' sitting together and signing a treaty . 
  the treaty would have moved a few borders arbitrarily . 
  napoleon would have died or been captured sooner or later anyways . 
  and the countries would have kept plotting against each other like they always did . 
  maybe prussia and others ( who turned out to be turncoats in the non-hypothetical version ) would have been weaker in the wake of a french victory . 
  but on the grand scale i do n't think it would have been a huge difference . 
  it 's almost unfathomable how big of a failure this campaign was . 
  they started with an army of half a million men . 
  and according to [ this french graphic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/minard.png ) no more than 8 ' 000 made it back to vilnius . 
  just to give you an idea what percentage of the remainder of the retreating army died there . 
  of course they got it wrong and did it topsy-turvy . 
  there are lots of problems in europe . 
  but trying to smear a group whose religion you hate is actually making you one of the problems in europe . 
  `` i swear i have some sort of virus on my computer ! '', 
  nice article . 
  have to scroll for ages through useless , misleading information only to learn at the end , that a few bitches were bitchy . 
  downvoted . 
  heh , i guess snoop does n't follow the law by the letter . 
  but i suspect declaring it would have been pointless , given the posession of weed . 
  so it sounds kinda funny and pedantic . 
    i pictured it something like this in my mind : he stands in the customs zone of the oslo airport , facing a customs officer , who asks him `` do you have to declare something ? '', 
  next to them stands a 2nd customs officer fighting to hold his sniffer dog back , which barks as if it just found a trainload of drugs . 
  and snoop be like : `` yo dawg , i wan na declare two hundred eleventy thousand of your funny money . '', 
  what 's wrong with carrying around # 18,000 worth of norwegian currency ? 
  why do i suddenly have to imagine chancellor sutler ? 
  yes collapse is pretty unlikely in any case short of some weird hollywood zombie apocalypse . 
  germany has a pretty unique economic structure . 
  i do n't think there is another country in the world with a remotely similar population size , that has such a strong , thriving small and medium business sector . 
  the german economy does n't stand or fall because of a handful mighty corporations . 
  and the countless small ones are able to adapt better than big business , which is driven by stockholder expectations . 
  `` guys , i heard someone has beer and bratwurst on the ship over there '' `` everyone ready for boarding ! '', 
  i believe kiev does n't welcome the idea either . 
  and neither do rome , warsaw and bukarest , i guess . 
  is there a source for this ? 
  interesting , that andorra , monaco and san marino seemingly can afford to buy premium class that easily . 
   germany is among the most solid countries in the world and its economic and financial indicators are in better shape than many other large countries ( e.g. 
  usa , uk or japan ) . 
      it wo n't collapse . 
  it did n't become a rich industrial powerhouse with the euro and it will do just fine outside it . 
  actually the euro helped greatly getting into this situation . 
  it allowed the german economy to grow , mostly based on strong exports without increasing exchange rates of the currency . 
  if germany were to leave the euro and go back to its own currency we would suffer from the same issues switzerland and denmark currently suffer from with respect to the national currency . 
  this would in turn seriously hamper the exports , especially to the rest of europe , which also is our biggest export market . 
  i bet you things would not be as rosy as some people believe . 
  indeed , these claims of losses are ridiculous . 
  counterfeiting only produces a loss equal to the price of the original , if it is sold to someone who believes it to be an original and pays the price of the original for it . 
  obviously that does n't happen if people buy the `` brand stuff '' from shady roadside dealers . 
  do n't give sch\u00e4uble ideas !, 
  actually i hope they will not invoke it . 
  i was just pointing out , that the assumption terror attacks could not cause it is factually incorrect . 
  well , the only time it has ever been invoked was because of a terror attack . 
  ( [ linky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casus_foederis#nato ) ), 
   it 's not necessary to repay debt fully , as long as you are able to get new , cheap loans . 
  yeah well , it is n't that easy . 
  greece has a shrinking gdp , a rather large budget deficite and a debt to gpd ratio of 174 % . 
  all this looks like it will get worse , not better .
