  he made no attempt to explain why they chose these colors . 
  i should have demanded on that explanation , dammit . 
  i served in a german tank battalion . 
  during my time there our tanks only drove on public roads 1 time . 
  normally they would only drive on special tank roads , that connected the base with the training area and the railroad station . 
  for travel we used the railroad to transport the tanks . 
  and if that was n't possible we transported them with special tank transport trucks . 
  the 1 time our tanks were on public roads was when the pr department of the heer wanted to capture some tank footage for a recruiting video . 
  they wanted to film our tanks driving own some roads and stuff . 
  needless to say this caused quite some damage to some of these roads , because they were n't built for tanks driving and turning on them . 
  i would n't call him anti-american . 
  he is just very leftist and therefor disagrees with alot of the things the us does both internally and externally . 
  it is simply very easy to criticize the us if you want to slam things like neo-liberalism , imperialism , capitalism and so on . 
  it 's especially easy when most people in the audience only have limited , generalized knowledge about the us to begin with . 
  he was talking about the german language here . 
  in our language '' \u00dcberfall '' in the context of war means starting it by some kind of ambush , surprise attack . 
  the difference being for example ww1 . 
  there the russian empire had a treaty with serbia , france and so on . 
  when germany declared war on serbia they knew russia and subsequently france and so on would be forced to declare war on germany . 
  so there it was no '' \u00dcberfall '' . 
  by that logic your great grandma eating bread on the 2nd of april in 1935 led to the 2nd ww too . 
  come on , this is bullshit . 
  the nazis wanted war and they would have started it in any case . 
  the things that happened before were just how the puzzles pieces fell into place . 
  i believe tagedieb meant the russians who died at the hands of german soldiers . 
  wait , had they taken him he might have never changed his name and stayed an unknown , mediocre artist his entire life . 
  fucking school of art should have taken one for the team !, 
  the document does n't really define migrants . 
  i suppose it is immigrants from non-eu states ? 
  then i 'm pretty sure the majority of them are refugees . 
  and we already know most of them did n't flee from paradise , so it is not really a surprise they came here with poor education . 
  at least 2nd gen are doing better . 
  but there is still a lot of work to do to integrate and educate them better . 
  hm , somehow i have the impression that the russian influence is only a front put up to push this through . 
  energy is not just russian gas . 
  as the article mentions the eu energy policies are still widely national . 
  the links between the countries are still limited , especially further away from the core . 
  a true energy union would open the markets for internal energy corporations . 
  what this means is , that countries with more advanced energy production and transportation capabilities will profit from that . 
  france and germany are already by far the biggest electricity exporters in europe . 
  with such a union we could probably export even more . 
  while that sounds kinda evil there is also a positive to a unified energy market . 
  this would open the possibility to install a renewable energy grid all over europe , that could always generate enough electricity and distribute it to the entire continent . 
  with many little national markets this is difficult and too unpredictable to attract investors . 
  with a unified market though we could install solar panels and especially wind turbines everywhere . 
  there is always wind or sun somewhere . 
  and there would n't be a need to shut down either of them anymore , because the respective national market is saturated . 
  from an ecological perspective this would be quite positive . 
   silly poles took the bait . 
  unfortunately that 's true . 
  these bikers are effectively doing two things . 
  they are confronting the eu citizens with their nationalism , hoping to provoke some degree of whining and possibly some hypocritical , politically motivated reaction . 
  and they probably are trying to recruit people by showing off how tough they are and how they do n't care about foreign authorities . 
  and both goals are working , because people are acting like stupid teenage girls . 
  i guess it depends who is asking for the visa . 
  an american or canadian would probably get his visa within 1-2 days from the german embassy , unless he has some kind of criminal record . 
  for a person from some third world country like ethiopia it would probably take more than a week on average . 
   also , if you get a visa to a schengen country , it does n't apply to the rest of them . 
  but nobody would do that anymore . 
  there is a unified schengen visa , which can be issued by any schengen member and grants travel rights for the entire schengen zone . 
  it costs 60 $ and the process usually takes 1 or 2 days for processing . 
  humiliation fail , lol, 
   doesnt have to do anything with `` being punished '' , nobody is punishing anyone . 
  its simply a question of not making other countries pay for greeces irresponsible spending . 
  first of all , half of their debt has nothing to do with their spending . 
  they aquired it through the `` bailout '' and it was used for saving our banks . 
  no greek saw a penny of that . 
  and secondly it is pointless to insist on them paying back if you already know they can never pay back . 
  their alternative is not some fairy tale choice between going to the evil sith lord or magically paying back and live in paradise . 
  they want to prevent a default , which is why they try what they can to achieve that . 
  our governments are n't trying to get the money back . 
  we all kow it 's gone . 
  they are just trying to make greece the scape goat so they can hide the fact , that they spent hundreds of billions of tax money to save our own banks . 
   in the end , if someone ( possibly the government ) purges it opponents , i honestly would n't care as long as they develop the economy dafuq is wrong with you ? 
  the `` economy '' never justifies purging people . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
   whereas religions are free to make up untrue stories and demand that everybody takes them seriously . 
  which is why we mock them . 
  but they have to abide to the law too and ca n't defame other religions or atheists . 
  i do n't see the issue here ... 
  the only thing i could come up with would be ravensburg . 
  but apparently it is not entirely clear why it is called like that . 
  it 's only certain , that the city name has been written with a v for about 1000 years at least . 
  and obviously most pronounce it with a / v / today . 
  no , you can mock religion just fine . 
  you just cant make up untrue stories and use them to vilify religions . 
  actually the czech are doing it right . 
  huge majority of atheists but still protecting the minorities ' religions from defamation . 
  i guess the uaf representative belongs to the uaf proper . 
  he is effectively saying , that the uaf has no control over the right sector and refuses to take the blame for their actions . 
   if us northerners are going to be so generous with our welfare we really ca n't expect people not to take advantage of it . 
  i agree . 
  but on the other hand we should n't complain when countries like jordan or turkey are catering hundreds of thousands refugees while we have to deal with the few who managed to get all the way here . 
  murder is ruled with a live sentence here . 
  but live sentence means at least 15 years with the rest being on probation . 
  if i 'm not mistaken psychological treatment is mandatory for all prisoners guilty of capital crimes . 
  the reason for this is , that imprisonment is not only supposed to be a penalty but also an attempt to socially rehabilitate the prisoner . 
  racial related murders are sentenced under `` niederer beweggrund '' which officially translates to `` base motive '' . 
  but in german language that actually marks the motive as very vile and abhorrent . 
  imho it is a big issue .
