  yep , they would have to route drugs via fedex or something . 
  i 'm sure i can setup an operation for less than 10m/year that covers the whole mediterranean with rc drones detecting `` not water '' and calling back home when that happens . 
  the point is that the black boxes are in the hands of a handful of states ( nl , i think fr , etc ) . 
  those signed a nda saying that they would release the black boxes only when they unanimously agreed on the events , that is probably gon na be never . 
  so russians are not to blame for withholding this information . 
  if everything is so clear and russians are to blame , please remind me why they agreeded on keeping the content of the black boxes secreted until they reach an agreement on what happened . 
  we are to resort to speculation thanks to their decision . 
  sorry , but i do n't buy it . 
  i try my best at them . 
  it 's not about picking the puppet of preference , it 's rather about dictionary . 
  it 's subtle , so i do n't think it 's worth explaining . 
  yes please , do tell me who to vote . 
  i 'm sorry , because this could make you mad at me and possibly distrust the democratic process , but no , i have n't changed my stance a bit . 
  we simply see it in a different way . 
  it being already established does n't change things . 
  cheers to you too . 
  the difference between voting a party and finding the leader of that party as pm and not , especially after a technocrat government , such as this case . 
  hey professor , you disagreeing with me should n't imply you being rude with me . 
  he was n't elected . 
  you said it yourself . 
  if you have problems with that you can downvote me , but do n't you dare telling me what i should and i should not write about . 
  wait , do they ? 
  work , i mean ? 
  i 'm not sure i 'm up to the challenge , but , matteo renzi . 
  http://blog.ilgiornale.it/rossi/files/2015/05/matteo-renzi.jpg our third unelected prime mister in a row or something . 
  the only interesting thing i saw were the derry vs londonderry signs . 
  sure it 's insane . 
  i 'm sure you can figure out what happens every time they vote to cut their own privileges . 
   ~ 2,700 per day . 
  how many of those fall under the lowest education visa ? 
  ( because i 'm guessing many of them to have a phd ) . 
  we could then stop feeling shit . 
  i approve this message . 
  that used to be the case , but it 's not nearly as good as 15 years ago . 
  industry is dead anyway . 
  unless you do n't plan on taking over the auto and space industry at the same time . 
  that 's in the us , not italy . 
  you would thank your saints if you got a 20k job after that degree , in this `` economic situation '' . 
  they did n't want to save greece , they wanted to socialise the losses of french and german banks that were overexposed in greece . 
  they did it . 
  now for all they care greece can go to hell . 
  i hope in the creation of an important precedent , and anything more than 20 % of what they own us would probably be free money . 
  hey , sorry for my compatriot , but it 's the propaganda you have to have to fault , those people usually do n't think with their own mind . 
  btw , any chance we are ever gon na se part of the 40b we spent to bail out french and german banks in greece ? 
  yeah right , drone strikes on sovereign territory is not war . 
  and if you kill a `` terrorist '' out of a couple of dozen innocents at wedding parties that 's just fine . 
  stop believing in your own propaganda , man . 
  you are so full of doublespeak . 
  thank you for not using my age as a discrimination against me . 
  i did n't live under the lira , when i was just about to learn about money my parents held be back because of the soon to be introduced euro . 
  however i saw first had the huge loss of purchasing power , almost 50 % , that everyone around me experienced and talked about just after the switch . 
  that , and the inability to deflate the currency as needed literally killed our economy , we simply are not fit for this currency . 
  there are loads of graphs and economists supporting this . 
  a minority , but still many of them . 
  i have no doubt that greece will be made an example of to scare the hell out of the population in south europe . 
  i hope that will be no deterrent . 
  are you gon na imply that i 'm either too young and thus incredibly naive , or just plain stupid for not agreeing with you on this ? 
  if only google shares had the same proprieties of the first , that they do n't , i would follow you in this crazy endeavour . 
  i could n't help myself from thinking same . 
  hell , no-one was even discussing the remote possibility of anything similar and here you go , the american suggesting war . 
  that 's your opinion , or better , the propaganda you are repeating . 
  without the euro we would n't even know the meaning of the word spread , and we would n't have had unelected pms for years . 
  are they 3 by now ? 
  i stopped counting after the first one . 
  oh yeah , and we would n't have austerity einstein like ideas such as literally forcing the unemployment rate  12 % ( thats italy , other countries got different targets , go figure the calculation out if you dare ) , you know , because lower salaries makes us more competitive . 
  i for one demand our sovereignty back and i 'm tired of people not understanding the issue telling us how great the euro actually is and how blind i must be . 
  only because south europe nations accepted a currency with parameters that fitted you best , you would be in our shoes were we to pick the economic policy . 
  this can not go on any longer . 
  and 95 % of the answers here are as stupid as them . 
  it 's like reddit just became a reflection of the average citizen , not of the citizen with access to more information than the average one . 
   you dont see it ? 
  as in , it does not load ? 
  this is where my willingness to answer meets a wall i 'm not going to fight . 
  well done . 
  enjoy your internet trolling powers . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't see your source wrt purchasing power . 
  you just proved that the average salaries went down , that is something no one is arguing . 
  ( your other claim about the cause of that should be discussed ) . 
  just explain me something - with the avg . 
  salaries down , the -50 % you agree on and even your rigged inflation numbers , did n't you just prove yourself wrong on your purchasing power claims ? 
  great , sources please . 
  for the purchasing power part . 
  i do n't care about your sources about inflation , them being categorically wrong . 
  now , if you want to go ad personam , that is what you should find embarrassing . 
  is it ? 
  certainly inflation does n't help with the calculation , but i would absolutely say hell , no . 
  tell me everyone you know does n't agree that their money lost half their purchasing power just after the switch . 
  i 've never heard anyone not saying that , and i 'm talking about times where grillo was n't even a thing . 
   also a lot of countries think the euro has greatly benefited them . 
  * everyone * in italy has been hating it since 2002 . 
  glad you like it . 
  there must have been something gone terribly wrong between our two countries . 
  we need to find a better name for it first . 
  same thing happened yesterday in italy -- the only difference is that the state is paying ( nice ) hotels for them , instead of putting them in refugee centres . 
  the excuse was that their religion did n't allow them to eat in the same room of `` independent '' woman . 
  they did a mess and they brought them back closer to a bigger city . 
  i do n't see how you do n't get it - relatively rich people will have a negative incentive in living where taxation is higher . 
  that probably wo n't bring short term changes , but a citizen income would , since that you would have everyone wanting to become a citizen . 
  so you have two driving forces , people generating your state income wanting to leave and an ever increasing number of people you have to pay for just being a citizen . 
  in order for that to work , you would need to make sure people you can tax do n't leave and that you have the lowest number possible of new citizens , that is the opposite of what has been done for decades now .
