please buy yourself a larger desk . 
  way to go man !, 
  be annoyed by it !, 
  land of democracy , drones , weapons of mass destruction and hanged whistleblowers !, 
  so accepting us sovereignty over the issue is ... what ? 
  and yes , ammerega wake up , my comment went from +4 to -2 . 
  yes please !, 
  germany + russia = = us prosecutor !, 
  the watchers of the world !, 
  are they gon na steal 9b from german banks as they did with the french ? 
  yes please , do your democracy import export thing . 
  i think i tried them just before leaving for the summer break ... 
  i had a stomachache all night long , meaning they used way too much yeast . 
  i could try them again , because it was the only takeaway pizza i ever tried that did n't completely suck . 
  they played some nice remarketing techniques , btw . 
  ( i end up cooking my owns , it takes a day but it 's worth it ) . 
  edit , i 'm probably confusing it with some other place with a similar name ... 
  i do n't know ... 
  checked . 
  it was perfect pizza.ie in my case . 
  italian living in dublin here . 
  we still did n't manage to teach you guys how to cook a proper pizza . 
  that 's just unacceptable . 
  i can only upvote . 
  i can only hope that access to free information will change things , but that could take decades . 
   please tell me more about we should stop blaming our politicians because we , the german population are the problem . 
  first of all , i 've never pretended every german to be a zillionaire or anything close to that . 
  from my limited understanding your growth is partly due to your terrible job market , that is something we all agree helps international competition but destroys living standards . 
  i have no idea of how the two have real world influence . 
   so what shall we do here ? 
  behead our government in a french evolution like coup ? 
  that 's the idea behind m5s . 
  i would wish you a similar party , but you would then have to argue with people calling it populist . 
  it 's not , it 's just different . 
  they did n't steal , they committed to two legislatures per politician max , they refunded i think 50m in campaign expenses ( paid from the state , we abolished them after a referendum a decade ago , and it was later re-introduced under a different name , such a shame ) , they are discussing the euro and proposing to introduce an alternative currency beside it . 
  there are some better informed people than me in this thread canting their results . 
  all of this just to say that i 'm sorry that you have lying bastards as politicians like everyone else in the world , but that there are alternatives . 
  you can either evolve democracy into something else , not happening anytime soon , or vote wisely , i 'm sorry if that is not possible in your case . 
  `` pirate '' parties are gaining traction in several countries all around europe , after all . 
   please tell me more about we should stop blaming our politicians because we , the german population are the problem . 
  i 've never said you should stop blaming politicians . 
  i was mereling defending the system as it is , being the only one we have . 
  you have to work with it , i 'm afraid . 
  ( not that i do n't think an illuminated monarchy and torches to kill the monarch in a revolution every time the population decided so to be any worse ) . 
  you are right , it 's never our fault . 
  it 's always someone else 's . 
  i will tell you what . 
  the democratic system sucks , but it 's what we will probably have to live with for a long time . 
  there are things you can do . 
  you can start by supporting this kind of discussion instead of discrediting it as conspiracy talk in this thread , calling the guy a clown , etc , as many others are doing . 
  sooner or later , that will have an impact in your real life . 
  or did you think that blaming the politicians would have sufficed ? 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  from my phone , so yeah , the syntax could be better . 
  but i hope you get the message . 
  if we both agree that this forced common economic policy is bullshit then help us break free from it so that you can follow blaming it on us . 
  we do n't care , really . 
  thank you for the data , but that sort of proves my point . 
  the two parties do n't overlap more than 30 % and this leaves plenty of idiots from your reasoning . 
  i personally acknowledge m5s as the lesser evil . 
  off course , that makes me an idiot . 
  do you mind sharing your puppet of preference ? 
  this . 
  please . 
  stop playing the victim , germany . 
  people that voted berlusconi categorically refused their vote to this movement . 
  this should help you conclude that either you are an idiot or 80 % + of italians are . 
  i vouch for the first . 
  a clown is who watching from the outside concludes that political party to be in any way related to satire , or any worse than any of the alternatives ... meh . 
  why would it be illegal to introduce an alternative currency ? 
  off course we would n't be printing more euros than we are allowed to . 
  sorry , maybe that was n't clear . 
  we just print our own , dear . 
  that 's what has been proposed as a referendum in italy just a few days ago after having raised 200k signatures . 
  sorry , it does not . 
  do you have any idea of the extension of mafia 's control on certain parts of the southern italy ? 
  there is no state there , they are the state . 
  the other state is just a formal dinosaur with no actual grip on the territory . 
  the dinosaur needs the other state to cooperate , if they want to retain an appearance of control . 
  meh , they literally manage pensions and a welfare state in some cases . 
  state and mafia are just two entities controlling the same territory . 
  there is a mutual interest to coexist . 
  i did n't even think at that . 
  there is so much more to be blown away with . 
  maybe because it is not a trade agreement ? 
  every time i buy something from mouser ( us ) and i get it in 36 hours in europe with no shipping fees and only vat added ( as it is supposed to be ) , i do wonder what you mean by trade agreement . 
  i ca n't see this trade becoming any better than it is . 
  what you mean by trade agreement is forcing europe to implement a set of laws ( not remove them , as in what you would suppose a free trade agreement would consist in ) in order to protect your interests . 
  well , guess what , you can keep it . 
  i personally hate what is happening in the uk at least as much as i do for the us . 
  not sure about france , we do n't have proof of them stealing private , commercial and state data from the rest of europe yet . 
  you know how boring it is to think that this post will end up in some datacenter in some us desert until i die as proof of my anti american sentiment or some other first grade political bullshit ? 
  this is assange 's view on why germany will just keep bending : http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/spiegel-interview-with-wikileaks-head-julian-assange-a-1044399.html, 
  they do n't wonder , they complain with the rest of the world for being stupid and thus hating america , the land of the free . 
  se you all in 6 months to 2 years for the next one hundred billions . 
  yep , go figure that out loud if you are not afraid of being called names . 
  the economy is being teared to pieces and the historical cities are already full of professional beggars , so no , i think i understand their choices . 
  weather aside , naturally . 
  i do n't think we can manage to destroy that too . 
  basically no one arriving in italy plans on staying here , so factor that in in your view of the problem .
