no , i mean [ ours ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/11639548/conservatives-attacking-the-human-rights-act-have-forgotten-their-partys-tradition-of-defending-liberty.html ) . 
  this country is already inferior to eu 's big boys in terms of quality of life and infrastructure , i 'd rather not see it any more laughable than it already is . 
  do you trust the electorate to keep the conservative party out of power ? 
  leaving the eu whilst knowing the tories will be in power is a recipe for disaster , and frankly i do n't trust the morons in this country to vote with our best interests in mind once we 've left the eu . 
  there is obviously demand for it otherwise why would it be discussed at a political level ? 
  the issue * does not even arise * if there is no demand for removing pork . 
  deary me have you resorted to that one ? 
  that 's not even the topic at hand , i do n't care if you pray to mecca and decorate your home in traditional islamic fashion , but if you expect a society to morph to your demands , * that * is when i have a problem . 
   meanwhile you fuckers reject people because they do n't like food you like . 
  the bigotry is mindboggling . 
  it 's not because they do n't like the food , can you please expand beyond simple glances at the topic and appreciate the archaic views that make people behave so strangely ? 
  it 's not just the food . 
  i also find it ironic that you say that , while hating the people that hate those who `` like different foods '' . 
  i 'm sorry my archaic views have you hating me so much !, 
  true , my mistake . 
  the point still stands , as there is obviously demand for it . 
  why is it not about keeping natives `` up '' ? 
  when you poor hot water into cold water , that water eventually becomes cold . 
  it 's the principle . 
  they are rescued from their shitty country and then come in and start turning their nose up at something the natives have eaten for thousands of years ? 
  it 's not about them being kept down , it 's about the water staying cold . 
  edit : not sure why you edited your comment to be much more hateful , but  food that they ca n't eat is laughable . 
  they can eat it , they just do n't due to false beliefs . 
  hence the concept of not bending the laws of science to keep cold water hot . 
   by trying to offer food that the people who eat there actually want to eat actually the entire discussion is about not removing foods that they do n't eat - in that case why would the other kids not be entitled to eat that specific food just because they are in the presence of people who would refuse it ? 
  there is never * just * pork on offer , there will always be alternative foods so why remove one ? 
  i know they are n't removing it but it 's the topic of discussion here . 
  it 's not because pork is n't offered , as you well know . 
  the topic may be asinine , but the reasoning behind it is sound . 
  you do n't bend over backwards for people who you think are wrong when they 're being injected into your established culture . 
  it sets a bad precedent . 
  you would n't say the same when you got down to street level !, 
  nordic architecture has been miles ahead of ours for a long time now . 
  it 's charming in it 's own way . 
  in my book it passes any day of the week , as nothing could possibly be uglier than 70s architecture . 
  i 'm a nazi ? 
  the nazis gave jews a reason to flee , much like the muslims are currently doing to jews in europe . 
  i am vehemently against the muslim culture 's treatment of jews . 
  i remind you that my views are far more in line with yours in regards to treatment of other humans and beliefs - differing to the point where i refuse to accept people who fail to live up to our standard of humanity ( morals & ethics ) . 
  you fail to see this , even going so far as to reference already integrated muslims who may as well be considered finns at that point - and comparing them to an entirely different group of people ? 
  i would be happy to take in refugees from almost any other country - even arab / middle east countries providing that they were inherently secular . 
  why are you happy to tolerate those who are so intolerant of you and your culture ? 
  so their behaviour & beliefs transcend religion and culture , what the fuck is the cause ? 
  what else can it possibly be ? 
  paying to educate a horde of refugees would put a gigantic strain on your delicate economic structure - and the education would likely fail to combat their behaviour ( as seen in every european country with large amounts of middle eastern immigration ) . 
  naivety and lack of foresight will cause a collapse in the countries with the only successful models of socialism . 
  finland is currently in a recession and this further cements those issues - especially if you were to take in as many refugees as you seem to desire . 
  referring back to where you called me a nazi , it 's funny you should mention the mein kampf - it 's bought in the arab world largely because of it 's anti-semitic views . 
  but lets ignore the fact that muslims have cultivated a hatred for the jewish population and welcome them with open arms !, 
  people pay a lot of money to cure blindness with experimental treatments - perhaps you should stop insulting these unfortunate people and use your eyes for once . 
  http://www.haaretz.com/jewish/news/1.697444?v=d829cc46dc3e3dda08a25aae23b2e389 muslim asylum seekers will attack and make life hell for the jewish population - but there is nowhere for them to seek asylum . 
  they have to go to the middle east ( israel ) - even if they were born in europe , simply to avoid muslim violence . 
  i know some too . 
  your mistake is believing that this unchecked horde from syria is the same as someone who is grateful to live in your country . 
  the uk is terrible at integrating ? 
  as is the rest of europe by that logic . 
  what makes you arrogant enough to believe that you can integrate such a vast amount of people ? 
  i mentioned malm\u00f6 yet you ignore that and assume finland can integrate people better than sweden ? 
  when you 've hardly taken any people in until now ? 
  i wonder why you refuse to believe that it ca n't * possibly * be the culture 's fault , and you 'd blame europe 's failed integration . 
  take it from somebody near the front line - you ca n't change such a core way of thinking in people who are practically uneducated . 
  my advice is do n't have kids , when your beautiful country is in tatters you would feel too guilty having brought them into such a world . 
  fair enough . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , however i 'm not framing it as anything . 
  i 'm a liberal within the context of my own country - i refuse to accept a culture that has * always * had a disregard for human rights , especially that of their women ( and now our women ) . 
  i would argue that finland has n't seen enough of the damage that inferior cultures can do - look at malm\u00f6 , the jewish population in malm\u00f6 dwindles due to assault and harassment by muslims . 
  all across europe jewish people are scared for their safety and moving out of their respective countries . 
  i invite you to look at it from a different perspective - you live in one of the most sheltered countries in regards to cultural damage , you hold idealistic and dreamlike views that you have n't experienced in real life . 
  i ask you again if you 'd risk everything your ancestors have done to secure such a safe and friendly environment ? 
  consider how much you hate my values - when mine are far more similar to yours than that of the people you want to * help * . 
  you word your statement as if you hate me more than you do the despicable culture that treat women like dirt and have no regard for human life within their own societies !, 
  you ca n't save the world . 
  i 'm half finnish myself , living in the uk . 
  having been to finland numerous times , i can tell you that you * would not like it at all * if finland 's cities became like ours - full of crime and poverty due to numerous cultures that failed to integrate - and the uk is one of the least affected within europe . . 
  i would assume that you are finnish , arguably one of the best cultures and societies on the planet . 
  your society relies heavily on maintaining a low population , low crime rate and an educated population . 
  would you risk this ? 
  not to mention finland is historically xenophobic - and for good reason , the country has been an almost perfect example of how to live . 
  to introduce an extremely large % of immigrants compared to your population would destabilise your country beyond repair . 
  it does n't matter where you are currently , you commented as a european . 
  there is no argument against islam being an inferior culture - their treatment and views of women for one fairly obvious example . 
  this has no bearing on the people themselves but their incorrect views . 
  to argue against that is idiocy in it 's highest form . 
  this fair chance you speak of is invalidated when their principles are so morally in conflict with our own ( and beyond reform ) - the question is how do we separate those who are too far gone from those who genuinely deserve our help ? 
  might i remind you that you are currently sheltered in a society that was built on the bloodshed and lives of your ancestors and countrymen - one that is at risk if we help inferior cultures before they have adopted correct values and world-views . 
  every time i assume something about your posts they seem to mean something different , but that 's fair enough . 
  personally i enjoy the high budget dramas . 
  i think all countries have shows and media that zap brain cells , mainly reality tv ( yuck ) and soap operas over here . 
  we 've been over this , the entire discussion is about piracy . . why would i not watch it ? 
  oh right , it 's basically just the way us networks deal with our providers / streaming services , they 've displayed a willingness to sell the rights of their show to be shown in the uk , but it 's an absolute nightmare trying to watch a specific us show . 
  i 'm sure it 's probably similar over there in the us with our shows and maybe even your own . 
  for * one * show , i might have to be subscribed to a package from bt for # 16 ( $ 20 ) a month . 
  for another show i might have to subscribe to a package from sky tv for # 32 ( $ 42 ) a month . 
  for a selection of other shows i might need netflix , # 7.49 ( $ 10 ) a month . 
  netflix is a really good deal otherwise so i actually use netflix since it has a shit ton of content . 
  another show ( game of thrones ) is only streamed on nowtv , which is # 7 a month , and got is basically the only show worth watching on it for people like me . 
  another couple of shows will be on amazon prime , which is # 79 ( $ 103 ) a year . 
  the basic problem is that all of these packages serve different purposes and different needs , and we 've long since decided what we individually prefer . 
  so when popular us shows that share a common audience pop up on each one , no one is going to suddenly get an expensive tv package ( what you call cable ) or streaming service * just * for one show , which is the problem . 
  it 's the way us shows are scattered over different platforms that throws a wrench into our viewing habits , so people are n't likely to change those just for one show , and pirate it instead .
