  next , poland in this 27 years achieved a lot , our starting position was equal to ukraine and much worse than hungary , we outpeace both now . 
  world looked completely diffeten in 90s comapring to 50s , not mentioning the 45 years of killing influence of soviets , old equiped factories , the help germany get from usa , and so on and so on . 
  how can you have such a low unemployment rate and constantly moaning about foreigners tooking your jobs ? 
  look how just 27 years ago east germany looked like ( despite the fact of being favorized by communists ) . 
  anyway , there is no point of talking with you since you already have made your opinion , without analysing the facts . 
  and small edit , where i said i feel better than u/thrannn ? 
  where did you read it ? 
  i stated a number of times that i see europeans and middeasterns , asian equally valuable . 
  i also advice you to read more about this `` miracle '' and what factors influenced it !, 
  becaouse anyone familiar with history and economic see how stpid you are with this straw arguments . 
  ohh someone starts to be agressive , truth hurts , lack of arguments ? 
  you look more ridiculous with every post . 
  go back to school and stop philosophizing, 
  maybe in your definition of racism . 
  `` cism , also called racialism , any action , practice , or belief that reflects the racial worldview -- the ideology that humans are divided into separate and exclusive biological entities called `` races , '' that there is a causal link between inherited physical traits and traits of personality , intellect , morality , and other cultural behavioral features , and that some races are innately superior to others . '', 
  anayway , it is not my business , if you want to you can call german who ever you want . 
  for me you can even call all sub-saharans africans - germans . 
  just do not force other countries to think the same as you . 
  and you are the person who states what is racistic and what not ? 
  i mentioned true , he is mideastern/asian person who is equally valuable as european but is not german or european !, 
  ... look at trade balance not the number of companies operating in edit ( not companies but country ) end of edit look at the easines of operation , incentives , etc , less reddit more studying . 
  if you say so , you are probably right , same as you are present in moldavia or serbia ? 
  or maybe you will compare the number of deals you make with poland and ukraine ( and see who is more profitable to you ) . 
  saying that germany does not benefit from us being part of eu ( we matually benefit from it ) is so ignorant . 
  i have the same feeling with germans ... 
  i think you have not been in poland for a looong time , or maybe you did not visit many european counties if you think that polish roads are dangerous . 
  ( compared to for example : greek , portuguese , and lot more ), 
  as an educated person i am familiar with nazi ideology . 
  hitler last meal was spaghetti , shall we all stop eating spaghetti ? 
  blood and soil idea was present long before hitler . 
  anyway , as i said before , there is nothing wring in not being eruopean , he is midd easter/asian person who lives in germany , contribute to the society it is good , and he is probably a good person just not european/not german . 
  you are sooo stupid if you think politics is so simple ... 
  ohh yes , glorious germany , you are so kind you let us to join european union , without benefiting it at all . 
  listen guy , i said nothing wrong , in my opinion he is not european/german what of course does not make him bad guy . 
  anyway , all your personal/country wise insults are pathetic . 
  showing yourself as the good guy , talking about stereotypes , it shows your deep hate towards eastern europeans or maybe just polish people . 
  you think that all those polish people want to be in uk right now ? 
  maybe history and communism has something to do with it ? 
  i fucking hate so small minded people like you who does not take a whole situation into account ( btw : i will give you a hint , germany influenced a lot our current position , psst wwii and next communism , no marshal plan , ehh ) , and again looking for racist everywhere , everyone who have a different opinion is racistic , right ? 
  pathetic . 
  you can lol whenever you want , since i am not racist and i said nothing racistic !, 
  i have nothing against him living in germany or anyother country , but he is and will not be german/european , stop kidding yourself . 
  and , anyway i do not give a shit what old/young germans think about poles , since they are the biggest thieves in history , and hundreads of your glorious german companies used labour from concentration camps to make profit , srfu , read a bit about polish lost during iiww , germans are also responsible for the almost total destruction of my country and millions of dead , so i dont give shit about them . 
  edit : what is wrong in not being european/german ? 
  it is you who is racist , for me asian people are equaly valuable , i just see a differences between eurpean and asian , period, 
  i can compare polish army to czech , hungarian , croatian , bulgarian , etc , still polish one is the biggest one . 
  since when portugal and belgium are located in eastern europe . 
  so maybe you can share a valuable source of military comparison where poland is not located ~ 20 place ? 
  why you are so hostile towards poland and poles ? 
  did i say anything about being superpower ? 
  not evel local importance ? 
  we are major eastern european power , our planes patrol baltic countries , an as i said poland is ~ 20 miltary power world wide . 
  educate yourself and stop with this hate and hostile bullshit . 
  it does not change anything , polish army is ~ 20 worldwide , and major power in eastern europe , by putting it to the same box as estonia you only showed your ignorance . 
  poland is ranked 18 in gfp rank , while greece only 28 . 
  i am not sure what you wanted to achieve by saying `` poland and estonia are n't even worth mentioning '' and putting us to the same box as estonia in case of military is disrespectful . 
  i would love to meet you personaly . 
  nah , polish people are white and some of them even have british citizenship and you still hate them . 
  violence results in violence . 
  hard working people shall not put heads down and let others to look down on them . 
  you have to be proud of yourself !, 
  maybe it is time to give brits the reason to complain ? 
  maybe it is also a moment when they shall consider returning to its home country since they are not welcome there , and it is clearly visible . 
  anyway , apparently we had a peace for to long !, 
  if anyone thinks that it will be overlooked by nationalists , he is wrong . 
  all kind of nationalistic parties will gain votes ( both in poland and romania ) . 
  i am also really furious and my blood is boiling becaouse it shows that eu does not work , apparently even rly similiar cultures , who even share a lot of hustory , can not live together . 
  i think about myself as a highly skilled labour , and i would not have any problem to find a job in uk . 
  anyway , after all this racist attacks , uk would not be an option for me . 
  i would not be able to handle people looking down at me if i speak polish with my friend or through mobile , and it is what happends , birtis feels superior to eeurpeans . 
  i think many people thinks like me , thus ultimatelly , the skilled labour from ee will not see uk as the 1st migration destination . 
  i think it is worth to mention that , the vacation period is around 10 days , for a long-time employess ( and saying long-time i mean 20 years ) , it can extend to ~ 15days . 
  finally , some words of wisdom . 
  i was a big enthusiast of devaluation years ago cuz i thought it can help the domestic economy a lot ( through a higher export ) . 
  nevertheless , it is a short term solution , and i agreew with all what you said . 
  not mentioning guys , that most trade is already done in euro ( i export stuff from poland to other countries ) and there is no difference for me is pln/euro 0,30 , 0,20 or 0,40 . 
  because i pay for the goods in euro . 
  although , many countries were not prepared to introduce euro , and the idea od euro is not flawless . 
  i will be brief since i am busy with a six sigma project . 
  `` if any britons got the fool idea into their heads that they wanted to live in a place like poland , they would n't need citizenship but free mental healthcare . '', 
  there are many spaniards working in poland , they like it a lot , if spaniard can adjust himself to our cold winters , i think britons too . 
  your really exaggerated in your comment . 
  freedom of the press - everyday major press in poland talk shit about president , governent etc. 
  believe me the freedom of press is safe in poland . 
  xenophobic , widespread homophobia - there are minor events , present in every country . 
  go to warsaw , gdansk , poznan , there arevmany gays who do just all right . 
  sick , the president of slupsk ( polish city ) is gay - not a single attack on him 3 . 
  poland is really pro eu , look at the latest statistics , i think you mixed up us with czech who are rly anti eu 4 . 
  i could continue it , and show that your whole reasoning is not true , but as i said i have no time for it . 
  even though , i am not a big fan of pis , they are also not so bad as many would like them to be . 
  for everyone who talks about migration , people , we have been destroyed during wwii , next 45 years of communism , it is normal thatwe have lower wages . 
  therefore , people emigrate , but they still , 95 % of them miss poland . 
  / u/fluchtpunkt - your comment was the most painful , since all this people emigrate not because poland is so bad , but because the wages are higher in western countries . 
  why the wages are higher ? 
  maybe you shall study a bit history of poland , it will defienietely help you understand our position . 
  / u/anonymousmf, 
  i think you read too much reddit , nothing what you said is true . 
  but , anyway , live in your imagined world of backwarded poland . 
  i am not going to wase my time to clarify your such not true meaning about poland . 
  and you base your opinion on what ?
