  invest in some good quality polish foood and feel the difference , and stop saying shit in the internet if you can not back it up . 
  simply as that , i have studied in the nederlands and traveled through almost whole europe , thus i have met many muslims in my life . 
  i will lie if i say that they are bad people . 
  honestly , so many of them are friendly and well-behaving people . 
  nevertheless , the other true is that they do not adapt to the culture of the country they reside . 
  moreover , are you familiar with blood and soil idealogy ? 
  while , most of people associate it with nazi-germans , the true is that it means something different . 
  the ground at which we poles live right now is full of blood of our ancestors and it shall remain in hands of poles whose fathers fought for it , not persians , arabs , turks . 
  additionally , if we agree on mass migrantion , in 100 years there will be no poles anymore . 
  can not we live as we lived for ages ? 
  europeans in europe , africans in africa , asians in asia ? 
  ( with a minor , not mass migration ) you can call me racist if you want , i do not mind it since my best friend is chinese , i had a foreign girlfriend and i wish all people all best . 
  nevertheless , i think that mass migration kills something special , european haritage , by mixing cultures we create something new , maybe better , who knows , but in same time we destoy something too . 
  i think it is worth to mention that european countries are the only one who allow such thing . 
  try to move to for instance : saudi arabia , or look what south africa is doing with boeren . 
  mi in hungarian means `` what '' so i say '' what , what ? 
  2:0  i do not know how to say `` i am so '' in hungarian but boldog means happy , so i am happy that hungarians won the game . 
  everyone who work in football know that both eastern and western europe has problem with hooligans . 
  you want to tell me that western europe is free of hooligans ? 
  last year feynoord fans ( dutch ) demolished an italian city ... 
  anyway , until now at euro 2016 , eastern europeans ( excl russia ) have been 5 times more peaceful than westerners ( english , france ) damn , there as even an issue with germans attacking ukrainians . 
  so stop blaming easteners and focus on your own shit . 
  hmm , there was nothing like that in poland or ukraine . 
  there was only one big clush between poles and russian , which resulted in many people being arrested . 
  euro 2012 - after the game - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo3qzd1cln0&amp;app=desktop - 154 arrested , 24 russian arrested euro 2016 - middle of the city , daylight , how many arrested ? 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ekeybzkzt8, 
  i am so boldog !, 
  true , there is big workforce shortage in poland , basically in almost every branch . 
  in poland we have mostly ukrainians , however i know that for example in slovakia there is a big group of bulgarians and romanians working in constructions etc. 
  anyway , i will be more than happy if at least a part of the emigration will return to its homeland . 
  go on brexit !, 
  kick out this silly poles !, 
  you will do just fine without all this backwarded eastern europeans . 
  do not listen to this who say that it will result in a big recesion in housing sector ( and not only ) you can always invite some africans . 
  just to clarify . 
  first of all , everyone knows polish problems with russians , but anyway do not you see the difference ? 
  euro 2012 - after the game - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo3qzd1cln0&amp;app=desktop - 154 arrested , 24 russian arrested 2 . 
  euro 2016 - middle of the city , daylight , how many arrested ? 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ekeybzkzt8 anyway , euro 2012 was really peacefull and well managed , but still in order to whitewash your country you gon na narrate it as it was the most unsafe euro ever . 
  thanks god we still have east-pomerania and warmian-masurian , 
  it is why we need men school . 
  i guess so , same as in the nederlands there is a pedophile party . 
  we are fucking backwards , how can we do not recognize all this amazing benefits of being a progressive country :(, 
  since nato borders changed , the borderbases shall shift east too . 
  what do you mean by saying it ? 
  if you talk about september 1939 , poland actually defended its soil for longer time period than for example : france , even though we were attacked by 2 super powers . 
  history is not a nuclear science , try to read a bit , it is actually not that boring . 
  wise words , i trully support . 
  do not bother youself talking with / u/vertikal19 . 
  he is known at reddit of being anti-polish and a huge nazi-german fan ( often whitewash facts ) . 
  he often blame poles of being the reason of iiww , and thinks that western poland trully belongs to germans , etc. 
  [ edit ] no point of starting it . 
  [ deleted ], 
  and germany again is going to be responsible for changing the life of millions . 
  and yes , i blame your country for the open border policy . 
  while i agree that the help is needed , and also my country shall be morw involved but open-border policy is ridiculously stupid . 
  not mentioning that germany as a most powerful country in europe shall act more responsible ... 
  so maybe you can give me a few examples of heathly dutch food ? 
  i am kind of familiar with dutch food since i studied there but maybe i have overlooked something . 
  since ever ? 
  frikandel is like a dog meat , plus full of mayonese . 
  meatballs ? 
  fries ? 
  is it healhy accordoing to you ? 
  i actually enjoy dutch pancakes since we make them the same way in poland . 
  same as other europeans , i would even risk to say , we drink less than for example : english . 
  but , ye , nevermind , i did not know some stereotype put poles in the same box as unemployed ( lazy ) people , kind of sad . 
  since when poles are associated with unemployed alcoholics ? 
  i mean , i knew about us being `` car stealers '' , `` plumbers '' , `` drunks '' but i never ever met anyone who associated us with `` unemployed alcoholics '' . 
  most favourite : polish , hungarian , greek least : dutch and english ( far too unhealthy , deep fried , plus dutch makes use of so much mayo ... ), 
  i think it says more about you ( calling each pole a plumber ) then about us . 
  anyway , please start to use this word more directly to poles , maybe they will leave england faster . 
  we always are ready, 
  ohh yes , spread missleading information . 
  the portuguese guy who claimed to be attacked due to his skin color is now prosecuted cus he lied . 
  edit : wow now it is even students instead of student . 
  smart words . 
  much earlier , all commie buildis had this windows type . 
  i like how it is a polish man when somerthing bad happens and a neighbour or just random guy when something good is done by a pole . 
  ( for example , just 2-3 months ago a family was safed from a flaming house by pole , one out of 10 articles said about his heritage ) of couse in case of other migrants it looks opposite . 
  anyway , fuck this guy , he is a trash without a honour . 
  i have a romanian friend who actually often argue with us that he is at least half-slavic as all other romanians . 
  anyway , what is wrong in being slavic ? 
  ok , so from now on polish democratic government can not even introduce a solution for bark beetle plague ( i am not an expert , it is not for me to assess , is it either good or bad solution , the opinions vary ) . 
  so we stupid slavs still need to be lead by the hand by western ubermenschen . 
  and all this redditers who are experts in case of bark beetle plague . 
  even if the country does not allow to drink in public we take a beer  there is no picnic/bbq without a good beer . 
  still if you go to poland or slovenia you will not note any differences in development at all . 
  sphinx restaurant ? 
  i am not sure , i can clarify this chain as fast-food but i can not think about anything else . 
  poland is the only european country which has a wellbeing of ukraine in mind . 
  our politicians support you , thousands of your compatriots live/study in poland and we send you an aid . 
  anyway , the antipolosh propaganda in strong in ukraine , we should definitely stop being invloved in you own problems . 
  your country , your problem . 
  what views ? 
  that jewish people were supporting communistis ? 
  that they were overrepresented in communistic government ? 
  or maybe the fact ( view ? ), 
  that many poles are antisemitisch because they still link jewis people with power ? 
  i am not saying anything new , it is proven by historicians that jewish people were communist supporters , many of them even changed surenames to sound more polish and better spread the idea of communist .
