  i am just bored of topic and i am not willing to write the same statement daily . 
  if you want to be a dictator of union , create your own and leave the current one alone . 
  you guys read propaganda and have a wrong impression of current situation in poland . 
  every wise person sees who stands behind this , post-commies and people manipulated by media . 
  pis did nothing wrong , the current changes make ct better , and create a pluralism of power , tell me , in which aspects the changes made by pis make our cl weaker ? 
  actually , they made our cl similiar to german one . 
  i am tired of this , i did not vote for pis , but this whole situation is exaggerated . 
  better start carrying of your own businesses and stop support post-commies in poland . 
  i see that you even blame pis for the upcoming media reform , ehh again you know nothing . 
  our current media is full of post-gov people , they use a language of hate and do not even stream our presidents visits etc. 
  they focused more on the new actors dress than on the past visit of belgian king . 
  i did not vote for pis , never voted and never will . 
  ok , so it is my humble opinion about this exaggerated issue . 
  ahh , ye , i think it is worth to mention that i did not vote for pis ( the current rulling party ) po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press . 
  even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) . 
  our current constitution is disastrous , pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  just read the opinion of experts about it , so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  po party is full of cunts , numerous amount of swindles , most expensive highways , number of enterprises bankrupted , bureaucracy and the language of hate !, 
  they try hard to divide poles . 
  pis tries to fix what was destroyed by po , all judges ( except 1 were connected with po , where is this demanding by you pluralism ? ), 
  btw , some say that it is the end of democracy , haha good joke , first of all many countries have no ct , and 2nd , till 1999 government could reject the decision of ct. 
  i could talk about this topic for hours , people are just blinded , their hatred of pis and kaczynski blinds their . 
  ok , so it is my humble opinion about this exaggerated issue . 
  ahh , ye , i think it is worth to mention that i did not vote for pis ( the current rulling party ) po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press . 
  even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) our current constitution is disastrous , pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  just read the opinion of experts about it , so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  po party is full of cunts , numerous amount of swindles , most expensive highways , number of enterprises bankrupted , bureaucracy and the language of hate !, 
  they try hard to divide poles . 
  pis tries to fix what was destroyed by po , all judges ( except 1 were connected with po ) btw , some say that it is the end of democracy , haha good joke , first of all many countries have no ct , and 2nd , till 1999 government could reject the decision of ct. 
  i could talk about this topic for hours , people are just blinded , their hatred of pis and kaczynski blinds their . 
  no it is not , polish students of a good unis can easily competite with its peers from different countries . 
  notice the difference , good unis and shit unis . 
  business friendly , ofc it was , you just needed to know who to bribe ( po cunts , numerous amount of swindles , most expensive highways , number of enterprises bankrupted , bureaucracy and the language of hate !, 
  they try hard to divide us ) centre-right , haha good joke , please read the definition of centre-right and compare it with po . 
  pis tries to fix what was destroyed by po , all judges ( except 1 were connected with po ) btw , you say that it is the end of democracy , haha good joke , first of all many countries have no ct , and 2nd , till 1999 government could reject the decision of ct. 
  i could talk about this topic for hours , you all are just blinded , your hatred of pis and kaczynski blinds you . 
  we have deficit too , we can offer decent wages ( eastern standards ) and technology from the 00s , 
  abdullach mohamed dujaaszaw - belgian national , 
  really ? 
  i did not know that . 
  actually , i met many italian people during my life and i have extremally good experience with you guys . 
  also , i do not know why , but itallian women always liked me  ), 
  cool, 
  not true , the increase of sample would not change the result . 
  swiss did not mind to for example let to pass trains with jewish people through its territory , allowed to use their banks , and much more , 
  actually , if we want to be so faithfully with history , there were not many safe zone for polish people during iiww , including the neighbour ones . 
  basically the whole europe was hostile , probably excluding vichy france , uk , spain . 
  i have some doubts in case of sweden and switzerland , officialy this countries were neutral but unofficially , yeee you know , 
  we do not accept the quotas , because we are not going to force this people to stay in our country , how you imagine to do this ? 
  if someone apply fo asylum in poland and fulfill the requirements we will be more than happy to accept them and we will do our best to integrate them . 
  moreover , apart from quota , how do you imagine it ? 
  we had no colonies , untill now we had no contact with people from different background , people who know mostly arabic , we do not have the infrastructure to help this people in a sufficient way . 
  also , from my own experienced , i have studied in nl , i have learned dutch , i still have a good contact with many dutch friends , etc. 
  the true is that , not every polish person tries to learn the language , or is involved in the local social life , but we work , we work hard . 
  also , a couple of weeks ago , there was published a list of most common names of criminals in norway . 
  polish people are the biggest migrant group there , and i did not find a single polish name on the list . 
  you want to say to me that pilsudzki identified himself as lithuanian , good joke my friend  in case of king jagie\u0142\u0142o , everyone who has a basic knowledge of history knows that he was lithuanian , we did/do not mind . 
  i have a great friend who is belgian , we talked about brussel today and we compare it to lisbon . 
  he said , brussel is far more dangerous , and he is actually often scarred to walk alone through the city/metro . 
  please , elaborate on , how poland has screwed ukraine ? 
  mostly , as a refugee you have to wait years for a work permit . 
  it is not true , in most countries you have to pay tuition fees , for example in the nederlands it is circa 2k for eu-student ( also dutch ) and approx : 10k for non-eu students . 
  my name is konrad , thus mu nickname is kony , my friends gave me this nickname a long time before `` this '' kony became famous . 
  i am not sure how the procedures look like , but i have meet many ukrainian students who study in poland and do not have `` karty polaka '' , maybe they take into account the past results and give the full grant only to this outstanding ones . 
  cool , i did not know that . 
  although , it does not change anything , it is still something uncommon . 
  for example in the nederlands , non-eu students have to pay a tuition fee which amounts circa 10k/year . 
  as every other eu country , including poland . 
  as far as a know , regarding international agreement poland is closed tied to germany than to ukraine . 
  norway is closely associated with the union through its membership in the european economic area ( eea ), 
  / u/vertikal19 but you understand that ukraine is not a part of eu , so the comparison between polish people living in germany and ukrainins in poland is silly . 
  also , please give me an example of other european country which encourage non-eu citizens to study in their country for free . 
  being against a feferal europe does not mean that some is eurosceptic , just differen vision of european union , 
  and ? 
  i do not understand your point , a asked you to give me an example of any action/legislation ? 
  i did not know that being a part of conservatives and reformists equals being eurosceptic . 
  also the statement is true : european union should ` benefit poland and not the other way around ' there shall be mutual cooperation , benefits for both sides . 
  our previous government seemed to forgot about it , and accepted many harm reforms . 
  yep , turkey and greece are also safe countries , and still people try to flee from this countries to germany . 
  ofcourse , you are aware that situation in turkey is much better than in ukraine ? 
  i see that you contribute to every post which is about poland . 
  unfortunatelly , you always find a way to complain about my country , you just can not admit that poland is doing something well . 
  ukraine is not a part of the eu , so we are not obligated to help them , accept them , provide a free education , etc. 
  you shall also understand that it is better to give some people a work permit which allow them to learn language , culture , work , go to school than giving them asylum . 
  i think you misunderstood my statement , i am happy that our universities give them a chance ( please take into account that ukraine is not a part of the eu , thus we have no obligation to provide them a free education ) . 
  nevertheless it is profitable for both countries . 
  offers no benefits , it is partly true , our universities offer them full grant . 
  my friend , even though i presented you that our government is not eruosceptic ( i asked you to look for one example of eurosceptic legislation/action ) you still continue to repeat this `` lie '' . 
  the example of flags and refugies i believe i also explained well , and i would not even clasify it as eurosceptic , just different perception . 
  look at the speech of our representatives at the last summits , they are far from being eurosceptic , or maybe we have a different vision of being eurosceptic . 
  you are a really funny guy , and i can see your `` politic knowledge '' is tremendous poland is one of the biggest partner of germany , look at some data , and other way around . 
  it will not bring anything good if we leave .
