  slovenia , malta more corrupt than lithuania greece more corrupt than hungary italy almost equal with romania boy , boy , i think i have been right , 
  ye , the problem is , it is still more expensive than pipe-line russian gas . 
  i think that many eastern european countries are less corrupt than the south european ones . 
  but it is just my humble opinion, 
  the problem with ukriane is that their current economy is 2-3x worst than polish economy in 2004 ( we joined eu in 2004 ) and currently 4-5 times worst than polish . 
  as everyone one know , despite of having much better living standards than ukrainians , millions of polish people decided to work abroad . 
  now , please try to imagine the influx of ukrainian people if we accept them in the eu . 
  the salary difference between ukraine and lets say the nederlands is 10-12x . 
  according to me , firstly we shall let them to work and live in the eastern european countries ( poland , baltic , czech ) where salaries are higher but the difference is not that enormous ( in poland we already have ~ 500k ukrainians , and eastern universities are full of them ) the other problem with ukraine is their strong-shift into radical nationalism ( glorifying upa , which co-operated with nazi germany and killed thousands of polish civilians ) . 
  does dutch government plan to hold referendum regarding the acceptance of turkey in eu ? 
  i have heard that wilders is really against it . 
  additionality , i think people are already tired and would like to focus more on further integration , reather than expansion . 
  nevertheless , nl has a big group of turkish people living there , so i can imagine that this topic is a bit silenced . 
  can you give me some more insight about this issue ? 
  as far as i know from my friends , the referendum is going to be about the acceptance of new members ( ukraine ) in the european union , thus expansion of eu . 
  the article is about visa-free travel . 
  our gas indepence slightly improves , as far as i remember our gas-harbour is expecting to get the first tranche of gas in the upcoming days . 
  according to me , the movie is really biased and even some german newspaper think the same , i read an article in der tagesspiege about it . 
  germans are shown as people with perfect morality , with just one flaw , naive . 
  i am not claiming that all german were bad during iiww , of course many of them had doubts and did not want to kill innocent people . 
  neverthelesse , what is the point of making a movie where the attackers ( germans ) are people with perfect morality and pools are shown as animals , cruel and dirty people . 
  and it is far from showing true . 
  yep , according to me the worst idea is to move back to the old retirement age , 60 years for womens , it is a joke . 
  nevertheless , i am far from criticizing them after just a few weeks of being in charge . 
  ( i did not vote for them ), 
  i said i do not support this reform . 
  you need to take a money from someone pocket to give it to someone else . 
  nevertheless , it is not such a harmful reform as everyone thinks , of course it is not good but also not the end of the world . 
  the moeny will stay in the econnomy and many people will be able to educate the children , provide them better live what will results in better society . 
  again , it is not a good reform . 
  and , talking about deficit , many countries have even bigger defficit , we can just hope that our government will change the strategy next year . 
  not to mention that the old government has ratified this budget ( with deficit ), 
  i do not support this referm cuz i am liberal and i think that everyone is responsible for its own future and its own family . 
  but the true is that the current welfare politics almost does not exist , moreover this money will stay in our country . 
  people are not going to spend this money on some fancy vacation abroad . 
  and stop with this : we are poooooor country , we can not this , we can not that . 
  poland has stable economy and just need a good leaders and good programs to move forward even faster . 
  hungary - i have many great friends from this country , we always go along and when we meet you know what happens : drunk as ... slovakia - i had a `` kind of '' gf from slovakia , and when they speak , it sounds so cute nl/belgium - so , first of all you shall know that i study in nl , so i feel a kind of bond with this country and i have many friends who are belgian or dutch . 
  while i see belgium people as more polite and easy going , i really like dutch cities which are really modern , also highways , bikes , even police etc, 
  ehm , elaborate , please . 
  we just want a true investigation , nothing more . 
  in the eyes of german press . 
  poland is more dangerous than isis . '', 
  damn , we love you too neighbours . 
  it is so kind of you that you care of the good relations between our states . 
  stop manipulating !, 
  polish fundation estera organized a transfer of over 200 syrians , provided them homes ( not shelters ) , money , school for kids and job opportunities !!, 
  over 60 % fled to germany within the first months !, 
  if they do not want to stay in poland , we can do nighting !, 
  i know you germans are good with keeping people in camps but polish people are not !, 
  moreover , portugal ofered 4500 assylums only 50 people accepted !!, 
  are you blind or what ? 
  they want to live in germany and sweden . 
  and , talking about refugees poland accepts those from ukraine , a few days ago we took a people from war zone donbas . 
  moreover , we tries to give them work permissions so they can already start looking for a job , go to schools etc. 
  it speeds up the procedures and integration, 
  ofc the east of germany needs to be controled ... evon though poland does the best job among the european countries protecting its borders ( east european union border ), 
  we still have many of them but in the same time we are slightly improving . 
  here is the link to the graphic which presents the distribution of population by dwelling type around europe : https://i.imgur.com/qckjyzd.jpg, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2ddb9rziam it is lunik 9, 
  i did not find the statistics regarding crimes , but here you have an informaton about the % of people who live on social-welfare per nationality in the nederlands . 
  please compare the difference between native-dutch and maroccan . 
  we had communism for 45 years ? 
  we were drained by russians for 45 years ? 
  we had only 25 years to rebuild our ecconomy , thus energetic was not our primary consern ( unfortunatelly ), 
  germany is responsible for over 2 % of the whole pollution  poland as far as i remember 0,9 . 
  elaborate , please !, 
  damn , i was always pro-european , but lately i shiften in perception from : like to dislike eu . 
  the true is we are not the biggets beneficients , read some data but still in the eyes of western we are . 
  your companies can operate freely in poland , we give you tax reduction etc. 
  slightly after 2004 the international capital bough a tremendous amount of polish companies ( one simple example : all big breveries like : lech or tyskie are in your hands , etc ) i think i do not have to mention that after iiww , western countries sold us to russians ( we were under their influence , communism ) even though polish soldiers fought on every front . 
  we fought for france , belgium , the netherlands . 
  western countries bullies poland for everything , stupid example : we do not want to accept refugees , shit storm in western press . 
  denmark does the same , hmm the perception changes . . right ? 
  no one takes our own interests in to account : nord stream , nord stream ii . 
  if we accept the climat restriction , polish economy is gone !, 
  we will never rebuild our country . 
  i think it is time for shift , and start to be more east oriented . 
  many western countries would love us to leave , maybe it is time to do this . 
  switzerland is not a flat country , so why should they ? 
  also the netherlands is open for the north sea/ocean so it is smart for them to invest a bit in submarine . 
  poland is located ona a natural highway between `` eastern countries , russia '' and germany ( no mountains , sea , lakes , etc on the eastern and western borders ) so it is more likely that oppressors will use a land forces . 
  wait , wait !, 
  stop manipulate !, 
  the theater promoted this play as a `` true hard pornography , the whole act is going to be presented , actors are going to be replaced by porno-actors who come from czech republic '' the discription similiar to this presented by me was avaiable on the theater website and on flayers . 
  i am really liberal in case of sex , kissing on the streets , violence , `` sex-scenes '' in theater , etc. 
  but come on !!, 
  porno-actors , full act of sex etc in a public theater !!, 
  ofc , the play happens to look different , but as you can see , the play was promoted in a really wicked way . 
  the minister had some problems with a play , described on the theter website , the play itself happens to look different, 
  poland as a relatively flat land , should not focus on submarines . 
  therefore , i am happy that my government does not invest money in it . 
  his fellow brothers-in-faith degraded him to the status of a 2 . rate citizen . 
  i do not have time to scan all of my books to find a better source ( source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bsab5opkwq it is about russia , in poland they accounted for ~ 60 % ) if you are interested in this topic , you will definately find a better source . 
  tremendous amount of polish families losed someone after iiww because of the post-wwii government . 
  tremendous amount of polish people were secondment of poland !, 
  this people who caused it were not polish , they were communists and as i said a big amount of them were jews !, 
  shall i hate all jews ? 
  no i hate communist , and people in person who caused this situation !, 
  does you father know that `` poles '' in post-wwii government were in over 60 % jews ?
