  but yes i see germans ( mostly east ) / poland to have a really similiar mentality and just people think in a similiar way . 
  in my oppinion german manager and polish menager are really similiar in case how they think . 
  same situation with students and `` uneducated '' workers . 
  i base my opinion on numbers of meetings , number of german friends and liters of beer . 
  neverthelesse , there is still a lot of bad blood between our natons etc. 
  but ye , as i said i think the east of germany and west/central poland could easily run a country together . 
  it is you again , spreading your nonsense . 
  1st of all prusia evolved from teutonic knights - we let them this ground to govern , ultimatelly they stole the grounds what led to the numbers of wars . 
  2nd we did not annexed the grounds , they have been granted to us by : usa , russia and uk . 
  not anymore, 
  i do not give a shit about azov division , but when they praise a killer , a person responsible for killing in unhuman way children and elders , i give a damn !, 
  just google some facts , damn i will do it for you . 
  1 . http://niezlomni.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/wolyn2.jpg 2 . http://kresy24.pl/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/rzez_wolynska.jpg, 
  fyi : general shukhevych was partly responsible for the massacres of poles in volhynia and eastern galicia ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia ), 
  option 1 . 
  black sea -  romania -  ukraine -  poland option 2 . 
  black sea -  ukraine -  poland option 3 . 
  black sea -  ukraine -  belarus -  lithuania/poland etc etc. 
  there are still some available routes . 
  damn , we contribute to topic about the skin-color ( so gene related ) and you talk about : language and culture . 
  good for you . 
  ok , but germans definitely are nordic , or at least related to them , right ? 
  so , look at the gene distribution of germany , poland and sweden . 
  maybe i am blind but according to me the distribution of gens in germany is closer to poland , reather than sweden . 
  not even mentioning czech republic , their genes distribution is almost identical to swedish one . 
  edit : so who is nordic , according to you ? 
  proud slav here , without any complex . 
  what do you meaan saying nordic people ? 
  if you look at the gen distribution : http://www.jowsey.com/genealogy/genetic/europe-haplogroups.png you will realize that most slavic nations have more in common with native nordic than , lets say : french people . 
  ye cuz slavic people are so brown/black . 
  talking about verdicts : 1 . http://polska.newsweek.pl/mozna-mowic--ze-walesa-to-bolek--sad-oddalil-pozew-prezydenta,63857,1,1.html 2 . http://wiadomosci.dziennik.pl/polityka/artykuly/471892,walesa-byl-bolkiem-sad-wydal-ostateczny-wyrok.html personaly , i hope he was not an agent and did not colaborate with sb , i hope he did not destroy a life of this innocent people . 
  walesa is a known name in europe/world so as i said i hope he is innocent . 
  nevertheless , facts are different , some evidence are already present and we will get much more of them soon . 
  if you believe in this `` stories '' about jumping 8m fence or his frequently wins in lotto , you are a losed case . 
  courts in 1990-2000 controled by post communists . 
  i do not have time to answer all your questions . 
  just please stop believe in everything what is wrote in newspapers/said in media . 
  i do not give a shit what kaczynski said years ago or what `` a dumb '' employee of kp wrote on twitter . 
  they are still a level above kod/n/po - look how they act , how they poison our society , they have no class at all . 
  the fact that walesa co-laborated with sb before 1976 was known long before this documents leaked , everyony interested in this topic knew it . 
  every sober person will wait for the analysis of this documents before start to organize a march in the name of someone . 
  for me both po/pis/n / kod are retarded but at least pis hasitate to perform any action , while n/kod/po went full retarded . 
  please , the opinion of one graphologist , i will wait for more realiable source . 
  i though reddit is for open minded people who do not rely on one source , not mentioning that in 1990 everything could happen . 
  i do not treat them as evidence yet , it is you who do not leave a place for the `` other truth '' . 
  same as kod which is not going to give a shit to any evidence , not mentioning , that they are sticking i am bolek stickers to its own children , wtf bolek ( even if not walesa ) was awful person who destroyed the life of a few people . 
  / u/vertitto here is the video where ad says about the leaked documents : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-wtdl1l2cm he does not mention walesa name , he just refers to the book and . 
  `` recall '' the information mentioned there . 
  he shows his anger and disgust that the it took years for prosecutors to dig out this documents . 
  / u/wonglik - you are the type of person who is denying the facts even if they are clearly visible . 
  show me a source where stands that this documents were forged ? 
  ahh , you see , again the talk of kod/po etc you can lie and maniplate well . 
  now , you are talking a shit about kaczynski and szydlo even though they did not say a bad word about walesa , they actually hasitate to comment the current event and so . 
  the fact is that walesa co-operated with sb untill 1976 , it is fact , but we still shall appraise him for what he did after 1980 . 
  / u/lordofsword such a combination german/swedish - you have to be in love with refugees , extremely left , probably supporter of gay rights/marriage/adoption . 
  women/race quotas in company . 
  uff , i could continue it for hours but they will cut my electricity in a minute and i have to prepare myself for hunt . 
  we are really social people , rug our shoulders really fast , we have a good sense of humour , we can handle a big amount of alochol before we start to freeeeek out . 
  i would say we are really friendly ( more friendly to foreigners than to our own fellow brothers ? ), 
  i agree with you , the opinion of citizens is mostly not respected in that case . 
  for me the grounds of crime ( for centuries ) were alligned to russia and it is the most important ground to take back this lands . 
  the opinion of people is just an extra advantage . 
  i also agree , as previously mentioned crimea is a special case , in the same time ukraine has some bigger problems than crimea which shall get the highest priority . 
  everyone needs to start somewhere , people who moved to uk/nl from poland in 2004-2007 also started with black market job for the lowest wage . 
  neverthelesse , everyone who had some ambitions started to move forward and now some of them have companies etc. 
  ( while the big group still works for the lowest wage ), 
  if you compare ukraine to poland you have to be really manipulated . 
  but your last message killed the discussion , i am not saying my point of view is perfect , i do not like your opinion but i am not saying you are a foreign troll ... look at my posts history , i am polish national who love its country . 
  ye , but if you have doubts even avout my nationality , i do not see a point o conversate with you . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5mpdffe0by ok , again , russia is the owner of syberia ( here asians live ) since xvi century , so it is why i said that the question/comparision is stupid . 
  next , russia owned crimea since 17xx and crimea was within ukrainian border for roughly 25 years . 
  if you look at the history , it is nothing . 
  people of crimea decided so who are we to judge their decision ? 
  why we shall support any of the sides ? 
  it is a stupid question , please take a look at the history of eastern ukraine , look at the bond between them and russia . 
  now , please look at the history of eastern russia , how long russia is in possession of this grounds ? 
  do asians in russia feel chinese ? 
  do they want to join an existing country or form a new one ? 
  etc , etc. . . 
  it is not a simple topic and i am not the expert but the crimean issue is clear for me ( please note , only crimean , i am not mentioning eastern ukraine [ donbas etc ] ) although , you need to weight your power !, 
  people of crimea decided . 
  believe or not , but they actually feel russian , they want to be russians and there is nothing ukrainins can do about it . 
  edit : downvoted for telling truth ? 
  look at my posts i am not a russian lover , i do not like how russia act etc. 
  nevertheless the crimea issue does not exist , russia has a fair rights to this grounds . 
  moreover , people decided !, 
  ukrainians have to start acting more european . 
  first of all - corruption and mafia . 
  believe me or not but if you open a prosperous business in ukraine , mafia will contact with you pretty soon . 
  i know that many of you think that it is a problem of all eastern european countries but it is not , even during the `` warm '' 90s in poland , it was a much smaller issue . 
  moreover , now low-ladder corruption almost does not exist ( and it ( almost ) did not exist in 2004 when we entered eu ) . 
  next , just a small advice , stop with all this revolutions : orange revolution , maidan , i have heard that some people start talking about the need of a new `` revolution '' . 
  it is killing your country , if you want to change something , do it legally . 
  i thought we have more , i am disappointed, 
  polish special forces grom - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byixnigu480, 
  i am still waiting for the source , you are telling truth right  we killed a looot of jews , so please just a single realiable source which shows the numbers . 
  still his claim that we killed more jews than !, 
  ! we killed germans !!, 
  is false . 
  1st of all in poland there was no ss division , unlike in finland , nl , latvia etc.
