  i do not shit about other countries , i discuss the history , appartnly you have problem with it . 
  i believe to have a decent knowledge of european including austrians , and austro-hungarian history . 
  you can moaning a whole day , and i can do the same , but the percentage of people who know about austrian involvement is small , especially outside the europe . 
  i will try to educate myself , and you should do the same , how people accted after iiww , the support of hitler in 1938 and most imporant some diarires from concentration camps , and bio of people who faced austrians opressors . 
  i like one moment a lot `` on its way to the `` work '' pepole walked in a group of 3 , one from the side of the street , one in the middle , and one close to the sidewalk . 
  all of the positions had its privileges and dissadvantages . 
  the advantage of walking close to side walk was a possibility to get some `` used ciggaretes '' the dissadvantage was `` being kicked , offeneded , `` spit at '' by regular citizens . 
  / u/aliencow / u/dei _ machiavelli i am not going to fight with you and present my way of seeing things . 
  i just said what in my opinion is true , enormous part of `` historical '' objects/buildings have been destroyed by austrian , including guzen i , guzen 2 - parts of mauthause , which currently looks nothing alike it should . 
  of course you know about the `` motto '' of those camps ? 
  and , while maybe many of you austrians are allright and accepted the dark past , the true is you still try to silence its involvement . 
  and the comments like this about me educating myself about what happened after wwi , to understand why austrians followed hitler or private messages from atlas saying that `` poles were collaborator too , you hypocrite '' anyway , no problem with austrians , i just do not like if people white-wash history . 
  austria continues its strategy of being the first `` victims '' of hitler and nazis , even though the majority of population supported him . 
  the fact is that austrians accounted for a big part of concentration camps personel ( soldiers ) . 
  it is really sad that they can not accept the true , just look what they do with guzen i , guzen ii , mauthausen . 
  fortunate , many of us still remember what their fathers and grand fathers did . 
  261 in poland , i did not expect the numbers to be so low . 
  actually , i have never heard people complaining about our police lacking personnel . 
  i like the slogan `` nasza przysz\u0142o\u015b\u0107 = zdrowa \u017cywnosc '' , translates into `` our future = healthy neutrion/food '' . 
  all this social welfare shit is not understandable for me , either everyone or no one !, 
  i have a company in one of the eu countries , each quarter i pay a way more taxes than typical joe per year , not mentioning income tax . 
  as we know welfare money comes from taxes , thus i contribute a lot to the pot , and now if somehow i will trip over and lose eveything i will not receive even a simple help from to government !, 
  well then , i say , goodbye eu . 
  happy independence day !, 
  you clearly have some problem with a normal discussion , please return to 4chan and leave reddit to rational people who can defend its opinion . 
  i will be really gratefull if someone informet englight me ans share some more information about this funds . 
  i am working on an game-related internet platform with a few friends , it is really innovative concept so i do not want to share many details , untill now we have been founding everything from our own pocket . 
  therefore , if there is even a small chance of geting any amount of money we would be more than happy to apply for it . 
  i am not sure it is a case in this situation , but the people who work on this project have a various nationalities , i know that some eu-programs are available to limited amount of countries , so ye , just saying . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  on what do you base your opinion on me ? 
  the difference is huge and every clear minded person should know that ultra left-wing people can have mental problems too . 
  nah it is a website for people with mental problems and no life . 
  the limited budget needs to fulfill the needs of for exampel : health care , education , police , retirements , subsidies , and so on and so on . 
  europe wake up , it is not going to work for long !, 
  we already pay crazy amount of taxes , and with the income tax we are basically punished for our hard work ... 
  i am not saying we are saints , it was not even my intention . 
  i just wanted a source of those information . 
  anyway , there are approx : 40,000 poles in dk , and according to your statistics they have committed 876 crimes , lets say that each crime was commited by a different person , it gives us a nummber of 2,19 % < - the percentage of poles who had a problem with police !, 
  taking into account that most of this crimes are commited by the same people i think , only 1 % of those who migrated make some problems !, 
  not mentioning that we still do not know what types of crimes they have committed . 
  i really believe to be able to understand the report , or at least the tables , percentages of criemes , type etc. 
  i just asked you to share the source . 
  cool , any sources ? 
  i do speak german and dutch so i shall be able to understand your danish report . 
  anyway , i follow your reasoning , hope more people in europe gon na follow it , you know , we attack other nationals becaouse ( this percentage ) of his nationals commited a crime etc. 
  ahh such a beautiful future is waiting for us . 
  1 or 2 , good joke . 
  i will briefle repeat myself since i wrote about it a few weeks ago . 
  i do have friends who live in uk who gets daily ( verbally ) harased . 
  you show your tru face , first in 1945 deporting people who fought for your country knowing they will be killed in 90 % and now attacking innocent people who contribute to your economy . 
  fucking discousting , stfu !, 
  how many brits spend their friday being totally drunk in cracow ? 
  i follow your reasoning , they probably deserve the same punishment , right ? 
  you can count all racistic attacs commited in poland on the fingers of one hand , even if your tvnews says different . 
  anyway , it is going to have a reverse effect . 
  please enlight me !, 
  i do know the german statistics and it does not look that bad , not really familiar with danish and briish though , so please share it with me . 
  anyway , since we generalize , i am gon na do the same shit , whenever i see drunk brit looking for a problem , i am gon na help him to find one . 
  it is how portuguese ( at least in lisboa ) sounded to me , 
  russia was our 6th export partner , with ~ 4.2 % in 2013 and a good perspective to grow , i would not call it tiny . 
  1 out of 5 gdr citizens reported/was infromant of stasi . 
  cities were destroyed , many fabrics moved to the east , not mentioning that soviets could do them the same as us ( poland ) , we sent daily number of wagons full of all type of goods to soviets , getting almost nothing in return . 
  i am going repeat myself , since gdr was bordering with western countries , it supossed to be a model state , where life was considerably better than in other satelite countries . 
  gdr was a `` model communist state '' intened to show the superiority of communist over other life models . 
  thereofe , life in gdr was a few times better than for example : poland or baltics . 
  maybe it is a reason . 
  what do you mean ? 
  did we deport english guys who fought for our country knowing that 90 % of them will be killed ? 
  or maybe it is we who did not invite english soldiers for the march of vistory , even though they fought on every iiww front and also for our country indepence ? 
  you have hate and dissrespect in your blood !, 
  and now something closer to our times !, 
  do you know anyone who gets ofended on a daily basis in poland , or u just bullshiting ? 
  do poles say shit about english man visiting cracow ? 
  no , so what the fuck do you want from us ? 
  stop repeating bullshit about racist poland since there are 100x less racist attacks than in your country . 
  lets say that 5 % of poland is racistic , for your country the numbers are around 50 % . 
  are you blind or what ? 
  people in uk got verbally ofended on a daily basis , not only polish , but other ee like romanians or bulgarians too . 
  my friends see it on own eyes every day , unfortunatelly they bought house in uk so the `` move back '' is not so easy , addo to this work and kids in school . 
  it is disgusting what is happening in uk roght now . 
  first in 1945 you sold the soldiers who fought for england to soviets , even thoigh you knew they will in 90 % be killed , and now you humiliate this people . 
  and people like you , making fun , underestimating the issue , stfu . 
  so you are a foreigner , claiming to be polish ( flair ) , not being polish , trolling about poland !, 
  go and kick yourself in the head ( and i would tell the same to any polish born person ) . 
  / u/tobuno i still remeber times when slovakia was waaaay cheaper than poland , especially alcohol . 
  i guess introducing euro was not such a good idea . 
  interesting how the cost of living in prague increased in just 10 years , even comparing to warsaw . 
  now when i am thinking about it , i was for the first time in prague ~ 12 years ago and it was actually really cheap . 
  really ? 
  i do meet a lot of germans and i never heard about a situation like this , when a pole starts to insult a random german . 
  not mentioning that she was actually representing the `` elite '' of lithuania , since she was busy with her master degree . 
  ohh believe me i am , i do not prejudge people , i do not have problems with any nationality and even if i do , i never ever blame normal citizens , just politicians . 
  while she defienietely have problem with regular poles . 
  probably my comment was a bit harsh but i just lovered myself to the level of / u/zetzet . 
  he said `` you can thank waldemar tomaszewski personally that you did n't get laid '' while i stated clearly that during this moment i was with my gf and she was not even close to the type of girl i like , and it was not my intention when i started the conversation . 
  complexes of a small state . 
  i met a girl during my study exchange , i jointed the discussion ( i did not hit on her , since i was with gf ) , we talked for a moment , was quiet nice , until the moment when i shared my nationality . 
  she started all this shit like , lithuanians hate poles , we are stupid etc. . . 
  honestly , if she was a guy , i would hit her in a face .
