  we have one of he lowest crime ratio in europe , poland is 5th best place one earth to work for women , we also have no problem with coruption . 
  moreover , we have plenty of beuty places , mountains , rivers , sea , our cities look more beautiful every year . 
  not mentioning that if you have a good education you can easily find a well paid job . 
  add to this friendly and willing to help people . 
  here it is , i pointed out your stupidity , you see , being born in more developed country did not make you smarter . 
  the most interesting is to ask him/her about the former votes , ask why he/she voted for ( ... ) . 
  did i say that `` everybody who voted leave is a racist '' ? 
  i am just saying what is going on in your country , and i base my opinion on other sources than reddit ( friends in uk ) . 
  we will see in 5 years , when ( i hope ) at least 40 % of ee emigration will leave due to racist of englishmans . 
  we will leave the jobs for you , finally . 
  the only thing you did not take into account are the tenants who own ( 4-5 ) houses , and still ahve to pay mortage . 
  there will be no more demand for this houses , market prices of houses will go down , the simplest way for a recesion . 
  i am not interested in your articles , police statistics show that poles are not the biggest foreign group who steal cars . 
  so what else the econnomist can say ? 
  not mentioning that gangs are mostly international , and germans often look for someone to steal their car to get insurance money . 
  butthurt ? 
  you basically called all poles thievs by your saying !, 
  even if poles were the biggest trievs group , eh fuck it , even if we steal 100 % of the cars . 
  who gave you permision to insult the whole country population ? 
  so it is not allowed to say that muslims are terrorists but it is completely allowed to call poles thieves . 
  think a bit before you write anything , it does not hurt , and can actually help . 
  it only showed how `` simple '' person you are , with all this images . 
  the article you sent : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/motoring/news/8988201/cars-too-easy-to-steal-in-germany-says-polish-ambassador.html talk about the whole number , without talking about the `` nationality '' of stealers - gangs from russia , etc still use poland as transit zone so our police catch them . 
  they do not go through fucking belgium , do they ? 
  http://www.gazetawroclawska.pl/artykul/3614227,polacy-to-zlodzieje-liczby-mowia-co-innego-kradna-tez-niemcy-raport,id,t.html here is a report concerning this problem and backs my statement . 
  while really majority of poles like german , still there is a small percentage of those who `` recall '' the memories of wwii , etc , o some poles can have mixed feelings towards german , but it is a really small minority . 
  if italian , englisg , frenchman etc come to poland he can feel the hospitality and true friendlines ( or not ) , but not a single person feel superrior to any other european in poland . 
  i admit the technological advance of germans , italian art , romanian wines , etc but in same time i can see how western europeans act towards eastern europeans and it is grose !, 
  i really hope not see this in my country ( towards any nation or group ) . 
  ye right , inviting ukrainians , helping them , sending aid to them , offering free education/university to them , ukrainians even had its own march a week ago in lublin . 
  we are so xenophobic ... 
  i am going to repeat my post from the last week , related to this event : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx-asnahia4 the racist shit is present in every european country . 
  while eastern europeans are known by being `` racistic '' , they at least do not hide its `` approach '' to africans . 
  ( mostly because it is something new for them , unknown ) while western europeans are deeply racist to everyone , asians , blacks , and eastern europeans . 
  i have been in a decent part of the europe , as a quiet big guy i never experienced any racist attack but i can often see and hear ( since i speak a few other langauges apart from english ) how people react to my background . 
  basically , french , belgs , dutch , english , spaniards feels superrior to any eastern european . 
  ( of course , i am generalizing right now , since it is only 20-30 perentage oo population who feels like that ) . 
  among the most developed , old union countries , only italians knows how to behave . 
  anyway , it is the reason why i stopped to go for a holiday to those coutries , i encourage everyone to be more east oriented : greece , hungary , bulgaria , croatia , those are the best destination , where people are open , honest and glad that someone wants to spend time in their country . 
  moreover , i really hope that a big part of poles move out from uk , i really hope that thousand of tenants will bankrupty ( and we all know to what it will lead ) . 
  western europeans looked down on eastern europeans for to long ( not keeping in mind why we have been under soviet occupation , to what leaded communism , no marschal plan , forgetting who helped them to fight during iiww etc. ), 
  it is cool to make jokes about us , right ? 
  cool to say eastern europeans are uneducated , cheap labour , thievs , beggars . 
  please also keep in mind that violence lead to violence , and we are not going to be that humble for long . 
  i bet 1000 pounds you would not guess my nationality , and i can show you 50 my other collegues , and you would not be able to say where they come from . 
  ( i am 90 % eastern european , dna check ) . 
  i am not going to bother myself to find the source 10x time here but most of the car stealing gangs come from russia/ukraine/and even lithuania ( even though they have way smaller population ) . 
  the reason is the good cooperation between german ( example ) and polish police , it is also rly hard to register stolen car in poland ( almost impossible ) . 
  but anyway , repat your saying it iwll defienietely make our co-operation better . 
  millions of educated poles can be offended by this saying , and start to `` dislike '' westerners . 
  anyway , repat your sayings , say that we are this racistic , backwarded people but still all this hate speaches and attacks happends in your country not ours . 
  edit : downvotes , truth is painful , right ? 
  as my fellow countryman said , we share a decent amount of words , plus german is really `` orderly '' and as germanic language share a lot ( mostly basic ) with english : unter - under , konnen - can , etc. 
  the racist shit is present in every european country . 
  while eastern europeans are known by being `` racistic '' , they at least do not hide its `` approach '' to africans . 
  ( mostly because it is something new for them , unknown ) while western europeans are deeply racist to everyone , asians , blacks , and eastern europeans . 
  i have been in a decent part of the europe , as a quiet big guy i never experienced any racist attack but i can often see and hear ( since i speak a few other langauges apart from english ) how people react to my background . 
  basically , french , belgs , dutch , english , spaniards feels superrior to any eastern european . 
  ( of course , i am generalizing right now , since it is only 20-30 perentage oo population who feels like that ) . 
  among the most developed , old union countries , only italians knows how to behave . 
  anyway , it is the reason why i stoped to go for a holiday to those coutries , i encourage everyone to be more east oriented : greece , hungary , bulgaria , croatia , those are the best destination , where people are open , honest and glad that someone wants to spend time in their country . 
  polish stock market wig 20 ( equivalent of ftse 100 in uk ) lost 7 % , swiss franc jumped to over 4pln , since many poles have mortage in this currency , i feel kind of sorry for them . 
  did anyone take this into account before you started referendum ? 
  so , first this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyyuypjubzu ( english fans mock polish flag ) and now this . 
  for poland uk is the 3rd biggest export partner . 
  / u/battlefriend i can not image paris with its problems to be the financial capital . 
  i think frankfurt is the best option , i am also predicting the increasing importance of german language ( thank god i speak already one germanic language apart from english , so it should not be so difficult to catch some german ) anyway , milan also looks like an option . 
  i am not asking for names , i am asking where i can find them . 
  as far as i am concerned : if pregnancy is result of rape , if the life of child or mother is endangered , you can ask for abortion . 
  is it such a big problem to wear condom or use pills ? 
  if you ask me , i would not mind to give a full abortion rights , but in same time i can understand people who say it is not acceptable , period . 
  germany goes nowhere without nederlands , and nederlands will not join without belgium . 
  belgium will most likely not join without france and so on and so on . 
  like or not germany is in the middle of europe and the most important power everyone rely on . 
  and this time , maybe first in history we will fight together ... 
  still the people who mocked the flag did not look as dangerous hooligans , just regular guys , a few skinny guys and a few overweighted . 
  nothing to be scared about . 
  maybe in countries like england . 
  we poles had to fight for this flag to exist . 
  millions died fot it . 
  with the help of uk , we could change the track and stop the federalization !, 
  just a flag ? 
  i hope you are kidding !, 
  the pub if full of people ( ~ 50 ) and not even one person react , thus they have no problem with it . 
  i can ensure you that if such thing happens in my presence i would react ( even with russian flag ) same as at least 20 % of other people . 
  i guess you have not seen hooligan/ultrans on your own eyes . 
  they are just fans , who without any reason ( we did not even play against eachother ) mocked polisg flag . 
  is it normal for you ? 
  i guess type of people who vote for brexit . 
  i guess , / r/poland is a better place to ask this type of question . 
  feels kinda bad for you , since whole / r/europe is against russia and russian people . 
  anyway , bear in mind that / r/europe does not represent whole european population . 
  in real life , if you are ok , people in europe have no problem with you being russian or so . 
  starting tomorrow i will contribute to greek budget , since i am going to rhodes for a few days . 
  i am looking forward to this kind people , amazing food , and great weather !, 
  see you soon greeks !, 
  and here we go again . 
  czech saying shit about polish food . 
  man , it is your problem that you prefere shitty quality food over the good one . 
  we have both , and latest comparision showed that we win in every segment .
