brutality , 
  i guess it is not lisbon itself but one of the surrounding `` towns '' like carcavelos , right ? 
  it is so pathetic of all this estonians who wants to be seen as scandinavian country so much . 
  would it change anything ? 
  anyway , deal with it , no one sees estonia as a part of scandinavian countries . 
  sink the ships , imprison the smugglers ? 
  of course i could ask what do you mean , since i did not say anything racistic/offensive , but i know what you mean . 
  nevertheless , i am a bit amazed since it is poland where the democration is endangered and freedom of speech/press is under attack . 
  but , it is poland where you can freely demonstrate , protest , write , etc. 
  since you are dutch i recommend you `` de oorlog '' - maar alleen de eerste aaflevering . 
  teh current tension between left and right are really similiar to this present before iiww . 
  unfortunatelly , our politics are blind and do not learn form the past . 
  it is horrible . 
  how you will explain a pensioner that he had to work his whole live for this 100-200 euro and someone will get it for nothing . 
  how you will explain a young spaniar that he has to live with parents ( i took spain as an example due to a high unemployement ) while someone will get a priority to social house and some money ? 
  what you will say to this millions of poles who had to emigrate to western states to be able to live on its own , to go for a holiday etc ? 
  while someone in their country will get more than their parents with 20 years work experience ? 
  support migrants : yes , but not in europe where the cost of living are really high !, 
  we can help them in me and african countries !, 
  and stop this arrising tension between our european countries and right/left believers . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/dec/03/pisa-results-country-best-reading-maths-science but still we score higher than belgium , germany , austria etc. 
  ehh , jakubmarian.com such a realiable source . 
  gon na make a website too , make some interesting graph and call it polish people have the highest iq amoung other european nations . 
  btw , where are you from ? 
  i am gon na lover your score a bit . 
  law of war . 
  this one is horribly true . 
  you are a small person , please leave the union already . 
  poland is a part of the eu , and the freedom of work/reside is a part of it . 
  no one forces you to employe a polish migrant , please stop doing it and they will stop comming . 
  anyway , please stop moving to spain and do not send more drunks english `` gentlemans '' to cracow . 
  you talk about broken english , at least we speak 2nd language and many of us also 3rd and 4th . 
  while most of you guys speak only english . 
  now , lets maybe look why polish people migrate to uk ? 
  does it have something to do with the end of iiww ( during which polish soldiers fought for your county , and fought on every battle front ) and next you just sold poland to stalin ? 
  what resulted in 45 fucking years of communism ? 
  at least polish plumbers do not steal , and if they do you can deport them to poland . 
  at least we do not claim to be native brits . 
  at least we do not fill your prisons . 
  at least we do not claims unemployment benefits on a massive scale . 
  anyway , we will leave your island in 10-20 years , and they will stay with you forever . 
  and it is not going to look any better , believe me . 
  pardon , but in england and especially london you can easily find a job . 
  if thousands of poles and lithuanian could , they shall be able to find it too , especially if as you said they are brits and speak fluent english , get english diploma . 
  anyway , i can not image how poor you have to be to steal water . 
  there is no explanation fot their behave . 
  and no you can not be brit if you had black parents . 
  same as my kids are not goig to be chinese if they will be born in china . 
  talking about cultural awareness , hofstedes was always my favourite framework , along with hall & hall . 
  even if asians respect white people , it does not change annything you can not be called asian without being asian , get it ? 
  but in europe it is a different story , you will come live for 10 years and you are european , not talking about kids . 
  no , it is not about helping , do you know how much it costs to help someone in gerany/denmark or even poland , compared to dosme middleastern countries/africa ? 
  we shall help them there , build safe camps , help them to get back their nation !, 
  and to be clear this form of help i support and i do not mind to spend even 0,5 % of gdp on it !, 
  enrich yourself and leave my kids and country alone . 
  we do not want any african/me enrichement . 
  anyway , how they can do it ? 
  we already have some me food ( anyway , i prefere asian food , not me ) . 
  and how some somalian will enrich my country ? 
  i do not know , i am asking myself the same questions . 
  but the true is that in the next 100 years there will be no white people . 
  of course my comment was sarcastic and i have opposite opinion . 
  nahh i doubt it , you will rather become 2nd turkey . 
  add you base your opinion on what ? 
  your guts ? 
  it is what i dont like in westerners . 
  you think you know everything but you know shit . 
  anyway , it is partyly western foult that both poland and czech republic are fucked up . 
  simply , after iiww you just gave us to stalin , even though for example : polish soldiers fought on every front , read about it , you can be amazed . 
  anyway , poland has already over 500k ukrainians , is not it a large scale immigration , and not even from eu contry . 
  next , maybe look at our aid spendings ? 
  or maybe look how we help ukrainians and bialurisians ? 
  offering free universities etc ? 
  so stop spreading missleading information and start reading and base your opinion on facts . 
  please point out a lack of logic in my statement . 
  in countries like china or kongo , you will never be a chineze of kongoneze or how you call it , not even if you live there for 50 years . 
  if you as a white man call youself an african or asian , you will be a king of the night , read : idiot . 
  the borders are already open , everyone can go through without any tests , while if i go to moscow i have to pass a number of tests . 
  if you go to africa you have to be vaccinated etc. 
  media talk 24/7 about this wondeful enrichement coming from africa and me . 
  if we need enrichement it means we have no own culture . 
  maybe it is not me who is an idiot , maybe it is someone else . 
  distinct culture , what are you talking about !, 
  we are all white people , we need more diversity , more diversity i said !, 
  africa for blacks , asia for asians , europe for everyone !, 
  i am so happy , that we are openings our borders wider and wider . 
  finally we will get some enrichement , as we all know white people have no culture !, 
  afaik untill 100 seeds you are relatively safe . 
  in case of police raid , they will destroy your equipment an take the plants with them , and ye , you can get a small fine , thats all . 
  the situation looks a bit different if you steal the energy , what you of course do if you have more than , lets sat 3sqm ( 15-20 ) plants . 
  anyway , in poland you can get 5 years for a few plants ... 
  yes , portugal is a cool place too . 
  super bock  sagres !! . 
  anyway , you just have to clean the street , i mean all this people in lisbon who try to sell you hash/coco/weed . 
  but , anyway , amazing country and defienietly better place to host euro 2016 than unstable france . 
  ukraine is a failed state , a country without a proper history and legacy . 
  euro 2016 shall be moved to another country , france is not , and is not going to be safe for the next couple of years , at least . 
  romania and bulgaria looks like a good place . 
  also , poland and czech/slovakia could host the finals too . 
  not talking about buying german cars and german products , produced by companies which used a forced labour etc.
