  but , the true is that germany shall more often show a good will , lets look at noordstream 2 , ok you guys want to cooperate with russia and fuck a bit eastern coutries , ok chill , but why you can not bury the pipeline 3 meeters deeper so that our harbour can grow ? 
  just one of a few examples . 
  yep i like your country a lot !, 
  food is good , and what is more important not that expensive , you can get great beef ( steak ) for ~ 7e/kg in pingo docie . 
  parties are also amazing , big fan of bairro alto here . 
  i will stay here a couple more days , and i will try to come back for a new year  i think i explained the quotas issue thoroughly in my previous post , and actually we are going to fulfill the obligation and we will accept the number discussed by our previous government . 
  eu flags , believe me , poland is full of them , however there are some places where according to our government the polish flag shall be the only one , if you ask me , i do not give a damn . 
  poland has a really bad press lately , fortunatelly , only 10 % of what they are saying is true , unfortunatelly they do not talk about our successes . 
  euro - if europe wants to have have another country which will drown in debts and economy will fall down , we can accept euro , why not . 
  poland is not ready to accept euro , yet !, 
  the true is , many countries , including portugal were not economically ready to do it . 
  eurosceptic , please give me an example of one legislation/action performed by our new government which is eurosceptic . 
  dealing with refugees , please , we just have a different opinion on this particullar topic , but lets look at some facts : poland is not a country which closes its borders , build fences etc. 
  moreover , we are doing really good job protecting the external eu borders , our border guards are professionals , with a new equipments and after years of trainings ( not mentioning , we send the reiforcement to hungary to help them to protect the external european borders . 
  it is in polish interest to maintain free-movement ( schengen ) . 
  and ye refugees , we do not accept the quotas , because we are not going to force this people to stay in our country , how you imagine to do this ? 
  if someone apply fo asylum in poland and fulfill the requirements we will be more than happy to accept them and we will do our best to integrate them . 
  in the same time we help a lot ukrainian people , already more than 500k , we give them more than asyluum , we give them work permits , finance their education ( look at some reports , polish eastern unis are full of ukrainians , they even have a priority and full grant ) , etc. 
  moreover , apart from quota , and our focus on our neighbours , how do you imagine it ? 
  we had no colonies , untill now we had no contact with people from different backround , people who know mostly arabic , we do not have the infrastructure to help this people in a sufficient way . 
  i can continue this topic for hours , not everything is black and white , unfortunatelly western press tries to show us as this bad people , unwilling to help people in need . 
  it is sad . 
  co-operation , i do not want to be hostile , but poland cooperate much more with european states than for example : portugal . 
  you need to change your source of information , just google some facts , you will be amazed . 
  and believe me , my co-operation with other countries and citizens is really good , actually i am in lisbona right now . 
  maybe you shall consider changing environment , i do not know where you interact with polish people but they definietly do not reflect the whole population . 
  i do not understand your comment . 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  pathetic , we kindly asked you to just bury the pipe line 3 meters deeper . 
  you do not show a good will , and again give us a reason to see you as a `` hostile '' country, 
  maybe i am dumb but i do not understand your comment . 
  east poland before iiww was good developed and had many modern and economicaly strong cities like : lwow and wilno . 
  no you are not , 1000 euros in warsaw , krakow , or actually any big city do not make you middle-class . 
  saying that the seaside during summer is exepnsive you mean western standards ? 
  i am familiar with golden-sands in bulgaria and croatian coast , i have been in bulgaria 2 times and the prices were amazing , croatia became a bit expensive ( tbh , far more expensive than for instance portugal ) . 
  can you maybe say a bit more about the prices in romania ? 
  nothing alike dutch/scandinavian prisons . 
  also there has to be made a distinction between the cells for temporary-inmates and regular-inmates . 
  haha , when i am chlling with my belgium friend , other people also say he is polish ( in my opinion , not even close , 190 , ohh different story , he just does not look polish ) on the other side , in the eyes of other people i am german ... 
  avoid responsiblity again ? 
  what do you mean saying again ? 
  poland also offered help , we deployed our border guards to hungary and we offered similiar help to greece , which was not interested at all, 
  polish foreign minister said it long time ago  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/syrian-refugees-should-be-trained-into-an-army-to-fight-isis-polands-foreign-minister-says-a6736776.html, 
  if you read my post throughout , you probably saw my statement that i am against a special treatment of any group . 
  people shall be rewarded for the contribution to the socienty not through its background . 
  i do not expect to be treated speciall because i am polish and my ancestors suffered during iiww . 
  it is interesting what you say , can you give me some examples of special treatment of polish people `` because of the atrocities of wwii '' ? 
  we did not even get a reparations from germany ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii ) but as i said in my first post , past is past , we have to move one and work on the co-operation between our nations . 
  look pal , western countries sold us to stalin , we had nothing to say , but believe me polish people wanted its old land back , they did not want your cities . 
  we had pupet government leaded by stalin , in ages 44-60 he killed everyone who opposed him !, 
  western countries , namely uk , usa + russia determined the new borders . 
  if you have 100 euro and you lose 30 euro , while i have 10 euro and lose 9 . 
  you still losed more !, 
  but lets just leave this topic . 
  as i told , educate youself , tell me , on what book you base your statements ? 
  ye , he wanted to kill hitler . 
  in the same time he was extremaly smart . 
  you are blind on every argument ... 1 . 
  i do not play victim , polish people do not play victim , rome people do , even though more polish people die . 
  i will illustrate it , in really simple but in same time drastic way : polish woman had 24 kids kids , german killed 6 out of 24 , roma woman had 5 kids , germans killed 3 kids , both woman suffered but you can clearlly see that polish woman losed more kids . 
  if we talk about elite , yes their life is worth more for me , because they are needed to rebuild country and make it better for the future generation . 
  german focused on this people , on people who could lead the polish nation . 
  ( in same way the life of many outstanding people who will lead us to a beter future is more worth than my own ) 3 . 
  you started war , you made a deal with soviets , i blame both of you for the lost territory , destroyed cities and dead of innocent people . 
  east germany were favored by soviets , to show the wealth of soviet empire , but still after 1990 you needed to invest tremendous amount of money in eastern parts and it is still less prospective . 
  becaouse of the war you started we losed our country not for 6 years but 51 years , untill 1990 !, 
  so what ? 
  what is your point ? 
  haha , what is the point to look at the percentage of the population , still german-nazi killed at least 8 times more polish people ( i already decreased the statistics 6 to 4 million ) than roma , what do you want to discuss ? 
  shall i be happy that my nation was numerous and some of us survived ? 
  yes , some did but the harm you have done was tremendous , you killed our elite , people who rulle the country , people who drive innovation !, 
  you have shown your ignorance again , gdansk ( or like you like to call it danzig ) was a free city , not german !, 
  look at the map of poland before iiww , yes we get szczecin ( stetin ) and silesia ( slask ) but we lost wilno , we lost lwow . 
  we lost tremendous amount of ground on east !, 
  annexed to poland ? 
  you guys lost the war , shall we maybe give you some more extra lands ? 
  please stop talking , because you are showing your lack of knowledge and you are making a bad image to all this germans who know the history . 
  and if you recall my first post , i said lets leave the past behind us , we shall all be equal and treated in the same way , so i do not expect you to favour poles becaouse of what you did to us . 
  but i can not turn a blind eye on your lack of knowledge . 
  fuck comunism , i piss on everyone who follow this stupid movement , and to all people who see russians as the defenders of europe ( mostly citizens of western europe ) i would love to see you living under their occupation , year 44-60 were `` outstanding '' . 
  the true is , that hitler could not accoplish what he achieved without the russian help ( for this of you who do not know history , ribbentrop-molotov act ) soviets attacked poland 17 september 1939 , so we had to fight on 2 fronts . 
  i think that regular soldiers of wermacht were not bad people , some of them maybe blind but of course not everyone was bad . 
  in the same time , i can not say the same about ss . 
  are you joking right now or you are just stupid ? 
  before iiww poland territory was 1/2 times bigger than after iiww . 
  because of you , we were living under the soviet influence for over 45 years . 
  german-nazi killed our most prominent scientists , engineers , professors . 
  and , maybe it is something new for you but german-nazi killed much more polish people than roma . 
  read some books and then we can discuss . 
  yep , read some books they did even worst shit . 
  but , by the way , who are this nazi ? 
  i do not know any contry called nazi ? 
  or maybe citizens of a particular country were called nazi ? 
  hmm it is interesting topic , i think you mean german-nazi ( i remember also about you my austrian friends , you were the worst motherfuckers , who mostly worked in concentration camps ) the medical experiments were really often performed by employes of bayer company ( yes , this bayer pharmacy ) , but the list is faaaar longer : https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/holocaust/germancos.html, 
  ohh , it is a reason why they are treated in a different way , interesting . 
  some sources say 500,000 roma died during ii ww , comparing to 6 million polish , i think it is worth to mention that during the first days of the campain , german-nazi had a list of over 80,000 polish elite who were designated to be killed asap . 
  but story continues , the concentration caps like guzen , guzen ii etc were built to terminate polish intelligence . 
  they called the camp under construction gusen `` vernichtungslager fur die polnische intelligenz '' '' . 
  can i ask where i shall send my account number so german gov can wire me some money ? 
  lets stop with this bullshit , slavery , iiww , racism etc.
