  it is hard to deal with an event which destroyed my coutry and killed 6 million citizens . 
  i wonder would you be so mouthy in real world . 
  sice you does not have a flair i let myself to check your profile , i see that u participate mostly in dota2 subreddit . 
  i assume you have never been in poland , and you knowledge about this country is minimal , probably you talked with some dota2 players . 
  therefore , you probably have no idea how big progress post-communist countries did in the last couple of years . 
  i believe that many people would be happy in poland . 
  but , nevermind , you have a right to have its own opinion . 
  / u/egoipse - i do not want to be rude but the standard of living in poland looks to be equal to portugal - ( i had a chance to live for a half a year in lisboa ) . 
  moreover , nowadays we work hard on our infrastruture , and i think we have overtaken you a few years ago . 
  despite of being almost completely destroyed after iiww and 45 years of communism . 
  / u/soevndal - yep , many of us left but the trend is decreasing and i hope that in the next 10-20 years most of my country-brothers will return to its homeland . 
  nevertheless , i think that we made a decent progres in this last 25 years of freedom . 
  moreover , i personaly know a few spanish people who moved to poland to work and live , so maybe it is not that bad ? 
  but as i see many of you already have a vast opinion about poland , your problem . 
  maybe one day you will meet someone who has visited this country and have a better knowledge about our situation and will ashame your ignorance . 
  ye , because poland is such a terrible country , lack of water , bread , people get raped and killed daily . 
  not mentioning the government which is more hostile towards its citizens than north korea . 
  what else , a ye , no roads , people live in a fucking mud huts . 
  interesting topic , any book worth to recommend that touch on this subject ? 
  it only prooves how stupid he is , total dutch contribution to the eu budget is $ 4.745 billions ( as % of dutch gni : 0.79 % ) , it is not that much taking into account that the last 3 ( 2004-2013 ) expansions gave dutch companies a freedom of operation in 13 countries . 
  therefore , it boosted dutch economy ( please take into account 2008 crysis ) . 
  while i can understand the hate ( too strong , maybe : aversion ? 
  unwillingness ) of some people towards non-european people , i do not get all this people who hate other european citizens . 
  of course , not everyone who decide to emigrate is educated , of course some of this people make some troubles but still balancing pros and cons you gain a lot . 
  not mentioning that all this people would love to go back to its home countries and if economy allows they will all ( ok , majority ) do it ( maybe in 5 , maybe in 10 or 15 years ), 
  actually , as far as i know , it just happened in spain , the big coalition . 
  maybe he does not like only poles , lithuanian , bulgarian and romanian , 
  ye but it is still ok to talk shit about eastern-europeans , even though we take the less amount of welfare-benefits ( even less then natives ) , and we are not responsible for such a big amount of crimes as you think so ( i am leaving for a dinner , i can find you sources afterwards if needed ) . 
  please do not misunderstand me , i have nothing against dutch people , i really enjoy my time , i have many friends , moreover after 3 years of studying in nl , i think the majority of my good fellas are dutch . 
  nevertheless , many people are really hostile and do not show the respect to eastern europeans , if the crime is done by a polish person , your media loves to highlight it ( rarelly done in case of middle eassterns ) , when we do something good you remain quiet ( or just do not mention the background ) i speak a decent dutch so i know what people says behind ones back , not mentioning the questions : do you have cars in poland , do you have internet in poland . 
  ( edit : happened only a few times ), 
  ok , fortunatelly i have only 1 and a half year of study ahead of me ( i study in the netherlands ) . 
  i have heard some speeches of mr. wilders and along with his hate towards musslims comes the hate of eastern europeans too . 
  poles do not flee but migrate to germany , britain or sweden because this countries get a possibility to economically grow after ii world war , unlike eastern-communistic ( 45-90 ) countries . 
  what a coincident , this year i am going to hungary - sziget festival, 
  dont bite doggy , uuu google translate , maybe you shall study more so u can understand my flaweless english : _ : . 
  saying that everything we achieved is only through the eu money is harmful for all this hard working people !, 
  maybe you shall let people to decide is it either low or high quality ? 
  the tension between polish and german government grows , it is currently really important topic . 
  german accuses poland to terminate the freedom of speech/press while as we can see on the video it is completely opposite ... what happened with this sub , i always thought that people shall be able to decide is it either valuable or not ... 
  i will tell more , not with western money but lets say we took some from your own pocket ? 
  your contribution is ~ 1 % of your pkb , so stop saying that all we achieved is ontly through your wester money , i am sick of it . 
  lisbon ( portugal ) - rainy , windy , cold , no snow, 
  oll boy , again ... can you present me this big differences between former communism countries and your perfect western ? 
  i traveled through almost whole europe , and come one i have not seen many differences . 
  and what , if they sanction us we will have less money to buy western products . 
  they will also push us into even greater emigration and will weaken the possition of european union . 
  the concerns of polish government regarding the safety of its citizens in germany is more justified than german concerns of polish democration  just saying . 
  for all of you , it was a metaphor !, 
  damn bro , did you even bother to read my post ( s ) . 
  basically what i am saying is that in poland everything is alright . 
  and saying under attack i meant the amount of shit articles wroten abour poland , and come one not only me as a polish person recignized it . 
  go to marseille  you will see, 
  all i want to say is that the freedom of press in poland is not in danger . 
  as i said , tvp did not fulfill its mission and was managed in a really poor way , and even anti-current-government people can agree on that . 
  just let them make the changes , if they really start to play propaghanda then we polish people will do something with that !, 
  tbh , i think that in many ways our media are more open than many western ones ( for example : most of western websites block the possibility of commenting ) i believe that this sub is full of intelligent people and everyone can read between the lines . 
  a few examples : hungary build fence - nazi , hitler . 
  austria does the same - cool , relax . 
  denmark cut emigrants benefits , is not going to accept more - chill relax , poland wants to do the same - nazi , hitler , no support . 
  kaczynski ( poland ) says that emigrants can bring some sicknes ( what is actually true ) - racissssst , ubermanen . 
  wilders - anty muslim , islam not welcome etc - quiet in foreign medias . 
  just look at the situation from our perspective , the last one month was full of attacks on poland , based often on biased articles and lack of understanding of the whole situation . 
  i recommend you to read the article of john pilger `` the hidden power of the media '' it is an old article , begining of 00s , but shows the dark side of media . 
  you can also google infotrainment to have a view of current polish media . 
  1st unfortunatelly , in poland it always was like that , the rulling party takes over the charge of public media 2nd for the last 8 years public media were the propaganda of the government 3rd polsih citizens pay money to public media , i think we deserve a slightly better content , tvp just does not fulfill its mission . 
  if tvp will become really true propaganda polish people will take care of it , i think other countries shall take care of its own problems . 
  really , people , 80 % of polish citiznes do not care , not because they are dumb or so , it is just not that relevant for us , comparing to the former government they are not that bad ( yet ) : ( look at the list of http://markd.pl/afery-po-0-748-i-kadencja-rzadow/ 748 `` goings on fraud '' of po ) 6 . 
  people , just let them govern for a moment , sometimes i really think that western countries feel better and perceive themself smarter almost ubermannen . 
  do you really think that we need your help ? 
  where have you been during 45 years of communism ? 
  do you really think that polish people can not take of its own problems ? 
  it is a really deep topic , and we could continue it for hours . 
  did not you hear , the whole r/europe knows it , there is no more democracy in poland :( i am going to make a grocery ( if there is anthing left , according to some we are alrady lack of water and bread ) and w8 for rescure , hope this time germans will come without russians . 
  you are crazy , what is the difference betwen you ( the netherlands ) being owners of nos and polish gov being owner of tvp . 
  you guys know nothing of polish media situation , our state public tv ( tvp ) was really biased , did not fulfill its mission , did not broadcast our president statements , international visits etc , but they had time to promote a just created party ( nowoczesna ) , the only think they do well is to make a stupid tv-shows for people with iq of the monkeys . 
  we still have a freedom of press , we have private broadcasters which are way more popular than our state tv !, 
  so just think twice before you write something . 
  have a good day . 
  she sounds like she is going to cry in a minute . 
  also , she often miss presents some facts and blame/attack pis way to often . 
  ( her last speech as a pm ), 
  i do not know why but i always compare beata szydlo with ewa kopacz , and probably this factor influence my opinion . 
  looking at the past , i do not think that '' africa will pick up stream '' in the next 100 years . 
  andrzej duda - our president has great speaking skills , barely use any notes . 
  additionally he speaks good english and german , and some people says french but i am not sure is it true . 
  nevertheless during oficial meetings/speeches he always uses polish . 
  beata szydlo - our pm , she has decent speaking skills , actually she is decent in everything . 
  jaroslaw kaczynski - the leader of the governing party , one of the smartest politicians , thus people who lack intelligence often misunderstand his speeches ( disadvantage ) , also he often lack the red line . 
  8th economy in eu , one of the biggest business partner of germany and 19th military power worldwide . 
  nevertheless , chill out , we are doing just fine , 
  hmm , slovakians change its opinion rapidly . 
  if you google it , you will find information that slovakians knew about it and had no problems at all , they gave us a free hand . 
  can you please elaborate on that ? 
  haha yes it is true , you guys are crazy about it . 
  i met many czech in my life and you guys even dare to correct someone if he/she says eastern europe . 
  ohhh it is you again , once you say to stop drilling the past and now you do it yourself . 
  we had once , but you did not like it and together with russians and austrains attacked us , cowards 3 on 1 . 
  we try now to build better relations with central-east european countries and you do not like it too . 
  yes i coppied it from the previous thread , but i posted it there , it is my comment ...
