  does he know that much more poles were killed bu this stffu `` goverment '' ? 
  does he know that people like witold pilecki risked his own live to safe people from auschwits ? 
  does he knows that polish people for hiding jews were instantly executed , and still they hided the biggest amount of them ? 
  does he know that jews co-operated with russian before iiww ? 
  i can continue this topic for ages !, 
  i think i do not have to mention the approach of france , swiss , dutch people towards jews during iiww . 
  but still he hates poles , the only nation which provided a safe place for every jews in europe for ages . 
  your dad should read some books and see how his brothers-in-faith acted , blaming polish for everything and making us a bad image in europe . 
  it is paintfull for me as a pole whos ancestors died for fredom of jews !, 
  i know personaly people who losed a half of family for hiding jews !, 
  but now , ages after iiww the anty-polish propaganda is so strong !, 
  and jews again , same as before iiww make us a bad opinion !, 
  we have a few good tv-series though . 
  i highly recomend you czas honoru http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1287566/ - really good tv drama serie about wwii . 
  many of my friends ( who are muslims , currently reside in the nederlands ) do the same . 
  they post some articles about gaza , palestine , etc. . . we need to understand that , for them , the life of european is less valuable than people from their backgrounds . 
  it is understandable , cuz they identify with them . 
  haha , you are a little man , i am not going to descend to your low level . 
  in case of schultz , i did not think about him in the context of being `` president '' , i just pointed out that he was elected by german citizens , and is their representant in european parmanent . 
  it is impossible to discuss with you , i know why you spend all your time at reddit , no friends ... huh, 
  you are showing your intelligence , offending others , and do not respecing their opinion . 
  during the election to ep in germany in 2014 the party of martin schultz ( spd ) ( he as a leader ) achieved the 2nd position , over 26 % of votes . 
  simply right to threat an independent state ? 
  simply right to force its own ideology ? 
  i am sorry my friend , but we citizens are in charge of the country and majority of the citizens do not want to accept refugees from the middle east ( i would accept them , after a deep check , but we talk about the majority of our citizens ) schults represents germany in european parlament , elected by german citizens , he did not come from the mars !, 
  also i dod not hear anny statement regarding the words of their representant from the german government !, 
  the true is , when polish politic says something stupid , in 99 % cases the press and other politics attack him and try to fix the situation . 
  germand does not give a shit to fix the situation !, 
  ok so you are this pro-po citizen who does not mind if representant of other state sling mud at your state !, 
  pathetic !, 
  it is true , good relations are beneficial for both of our countries . 
  so maybe your politics shall consider what they talk publicly ? 
  martin schults threatening to use `` power '' if needed , biased articles in the press , etc !, 
  i do not have any problems with germans , i even have many good friends who are from germany . 
  but in the same time i do not agree with your politic of hate !, 
  just be honest , we all know what kind of language is used in german press . 
  ( i am not even saying about `` polish concentration camps '' , cuz it is out of the scope ) poland is an independent country , and it depends on our good will , either we will accept refugess from middle east ( it is btw not the best way to help them , and we all know it !! ), 
  or not . 
  in the same time , let me ask a question , why we talk so much about the refugees from middle east and north africa ( why we do not call them emigrants ) and we completely ingnore ukraine ? 
  country much closer to us , both geographically and culturaly ? 
  i do not think so , even if this `` science-fiction '' scenario will happen . 
  the `` occupant '' will have in hands the army of your states . 
  poland has 19th army in the world , other eastern-european countries are much weaker . 
  taking into account the power of french and german armies , we will have nothing to say . 
  again , it is just `` science-fiction '' but if western europe collapse , the eastern part will go after them soon . 
  okay ! , i am still new at reddit , 
  the capital of slovenia is ljulbjana . 
  80 % od polish guys in age 40-70 wear white socks and sandals too . 
  subsidize this , subsidize that , and tell me my friend , who will pay for that ? 
  the answer is , regular citizens who pay taxes and also often struggle to find a job and maintain it . 
  no one prohibite young muslims to study , open companies , become progammer ( no one cares about the color of your skin or religion ) the true is , a big part of muslims do not want to contribute to the society , western society !, 
  and subsidies will not solve the problems . 
  @gerrit8500 it happens when you are surrounded by two `` empires '' german and russian . 
  you would be amazed how many words we share ( germans and poles ) , not mentioning romania and france etc. 
  anyway , i know you just wanted to show your point . 
  anyway , how much do you share with afghans , do you like to live close to them ? 
  / u/pinemangoes i am a big fan of nieuwe hollandse, 
  \u0141 is kinda pronounced like `` oui '' in french, 
  when i studied in lisbon , portugal i had to commute 1h to the uni ( 2h both ways ) per day . 
  and , i agree that 4.25 h is not much . 
  there is a slight difference between insulting and joking , unfortunately many forget it . 
  what is wrong in me being concerned about other europeans ? 
  i have many european friends , had a foreign girlfriends , i also travel a lot through europe and even studied at two european universities . 
  of course poland and poles are closest to me but i still feel empathy to other europeans . 
  ye now it is cherry picking ... 
  i talked about rapes and this type of crime increase . 
  not true , check the statistics first . 
  1 . norway - http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/norway/crime 2 . finland - http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/finland/crime 3 . luxemburg - http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/luxembourg/crime, 
  the numbers of such incidents were marginal , and there was no chance that the `` assaulter '' will be released , even underage . 
  and now open your eyes , and just look at the number of assaults , rapes , gang rapes etc in just last year . 
  i know what i would do if it happens to my daughter . 
  unfortunatelly , i would have to turn on my feral instinct and kill those scums . 
  it is sick and fucking barbarian , i sometimes wonder in what age do i live . 
  if you think about it for a moment , did you hear about such incidents 10 years ago ? 
  wtf are you talking about , first you say far right , next you claim that it is indeed not a far right . 
  poland elected pis because of incompetence of po , whose leader accepted the function in brussel and left the party with a poor leader . 
  this refugess crissis maybe gave pis +5 percent max . 
  `` have an openly neofascist party higher than 20-25 % '' man , what do you smoke ? 
  we have pis - right , po - center psl - center , nowoczesna - center and kukuz 15 ( not even a party but a group of people with all kind of ideas , background , they had i think 4 people whose represented `` ruch narodowy '' but even the far left wing supporter hasitates to call them neofacist party ) , but here we are , random italian who nows shit about polish current politics and problems talk to me how racist my society is . 
  pis is not far right party , again you just repeat what you read on reddit , instead looking for a true source . 
  `` relocate '' , we not gon na force those people to stay in poland , they have a right to request asylum , yet they do not do it . 
  moreover , i will try to present it simply as f *** , you have 2 families : one rich , can afford holidays , food , gifts and so on , the other one can barelly afford a food . 
  do you expect this poor family to accept additional member ? 
  have you ever been in any ee country , since you sound like someone who read to much reddit and never experienced this xenophobia/racism on own eyes . 
  watch some basketball game of polish teams , many black . 
  go to polish uni and see on own eyes how many foreigners/erasmus we have . 
  the hate towards imigrants is much less widepsreaded comparing to we countries , just all the incidents are always `` loudered '' by press , while in we you silence it , period . 
  easy to say , many of those people have bought houses , have jobs and friends in uk , not mentioning those whose kids attend british school and feel more british than polish . 
  anyway , you aware that many spaniards live in uk too , damn , there is even a big group of you guys in poland . 
  says austrian , where extreme far-right candidate lost election only only because of a fraud , good joke . 
  listen pal , i do not give a shit about regular austrian , i do not give a shit about your education system , but i give a shit about your elites who loves to silence this issue . 
  anyway , the comments on reddit slowly change my opinion about reuglar austrians who apparently really have a problem with historical discussion . 
  did i say anything what is not true ? 
  austrians never said they were the fist victim of hitler ? 
  you do not destroy historical buildings ? 
  you do not prefere to silence the history instead of discussin it to not repeat the mistakes of the past ? 
  fortunate , you are not the person who decided either we should be part of eu or not . 
  / u/aliencow ye how many of my population `` collaborated with nazis '' and what percentage of your country . 
  killing germans after the war , there were some incidents , true but they most died due to long tracel . 
  anyway , i can understand the people , for the last 5 years they were treated as `` unterhumans '' and now could face its opressors .
