  2nd of all please , just please show me some sources that polish people are reponsible for death of this thousands of jewish people . 
  polish soldiers fought on every front : battle of britaint , market gardem , north africa , large numbers of polish people were part of red army ( soviets ) , our own ak , etc. 
  you have to be retarded to believe in his statement , but again if you show me some realiable sources , i am going to say sorry , i am open for a discussion !, 
  there are not realiable sources regarding the numbers , but lets leave it . 
  bialystok region ( poland ) all communist members were jewish in years 1920-1939 , they were trained in moscow , many of theme changed the surenames to sound more polish , and therefore spread the communist ideas more accurate . 
  if we talk about polish foults , why we remain silent about jewish foults ? 
  please , are you kidding me ? 
  i can show you the line in a minute . 
  german press is cenzored , and many open-mind germans can confirm it . 
  source , please , 
  `` that does n't mean awful crimes committed by poles during the war can not and should not be discussed . '', 
  of course , i agree with you , but should not we support this discussion with some ligit and realiable sources ? 
  i would love to see a discussion on jewish in poland in 1920 + and 1945 + . 
  i will give you a small insight , jewish accounted for over 60 % of communist part members ( high position ones ) . 
  it is interesting how we always talk about jewish people only in a positive way . 
  on the other hand , polish people , bad people , right  ? 
  `` poland has n't prolonged its international agreements with russia regarding transit of trucks . 
  the talks have been ongoing since 1 february . '', 
  please take into account that it is due to russians insane restrictions !, 
  russians literally wanted to terminate our transport companies !, 
  we were , and we are open for any constructive negotiations . 
  i knew it : removed - right wing agitprop, 
  it has to be terrifying , being a stranger in its own city . 
  pis is not a right-wing party for me . 
  i know that the definition i presented is reather simple , but unfortunatelly i do not have time to present my way of thinking right now . 
  edit : my professors never literaly said that hitler was left or his ideology was leftists , based on the information they provided to me i come up with this conclusion . 
  most important for me : left - a big involvement of government in public life , corporation life , incentives : right - a small involvement of government in . . you name it . 
  he posted it before they decided to attack the centrum . 
  the `` idea to attack this people '' arrised afterwards , when some people gave its support and said that something has to be done . 
  please point out where is said hitler was left ( in todays meaning fg this word ) i said the ideology of nazi germany was more left than right in case of social/economic life . 
  as i said , read some books and look at the ideas of hitler , hitlers men regarding economic and social life . 
  next compare it with todays left/right trends . 
  due to pc we do not talk a lot about nazi germay during our school ages . 
  nazi germany policy , ideas etc have almost nothing in commong with todays right-wing parties !, 
  moreover , nazi germany policy , ideas etc have more in common with left wing parties !, 
  if anty-imigrants hate me , or polish people , so be it . 
  i do not care . 
  maybe one day they will understand that polish/eastern european workers actually contribute to the society , in case of economics . 
  actually i hope that in 10-20 years most of my fellow brothers will return to its mother-land . 
  but it depends on the economical situation of poland . 
  start with r.grunberger the 12year reich . 
  basically all books which cover some of his economic and social revolutions, 
  i meet many brazilians in portugal and spain . 
  there is also a significant number of them in the netherlands . 
  i think it is more a personality difference . 
  i do not represent a whole nation , and believe me there is a big group of polish people who would do nothing , a group of people who would ask police for help , try discussion etc. 
  i am not here to teach you , it is you who try to look like all known person . 
  read hitler socisl/economic ideas and compare it with current left/right trends . 
  also , i think you have a wrong vision of right or even far right wing people , of course some of them are dumb and they praise hitler but majority hate him . 
  as i said right wing does not mean neo nazi . 
  i posted here an explanation why this people wanted to attract the centrun , please take a look at it . 
  i am not sure on what books you base your opinion . 
  but i passed an advanced history and attended a numbers of lectures . 
  i do not know a single history professor who would not agree that hitler ideology was more left than right in case of social / economic . 
  please share with me your sources so that i can improve my knowledge . 
  ehm , i am just showing the other side of the story . 
  nevertheless , if a group of polish/germany/swedish guys thread my family , my mom or sister i would probably call a group of my friends and go to `` talk '' with them . 
  being a migrant or the particular nationality does not play a crucial role . 
  far right does not mean/is not equal to neo nazi . 
  if you read so many books you probably know that hitler ideology has more in common with left ideology . 
  it is not my tanslation , 
  anyone interested why they decided to attack the asylum center ? 
  source : http://www.exponerat.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/2016-02-08-23-08-45_facebook_polacker_attack_asylboende_nynashamn.jpg translation : `` this was my daughter that got attacked . 
  they have their camp on the beach in the nynshamn.they where on the tube . 
  first they pushed her so hard she nearly fell . 
  then they must have followed here to sodra . 
  this was a group of `` mudslims '' , about 15 people . 
  what happened is terrible , we are scared for our children . 
  good thing it happened on the street . 
  many swedish people reacted and helped to chase them away and called the police . '', 
  so now a question to everyone who has a children , how you would behave in this situation ? 
  hmm , i am not the proper person to define it . 
  lets take a look at an example : how often you can bully your class-friend ? 
  if you do it once a while , everything is allright , boys playing , if you do it too often you can destroy the friendship . 
  the history of our two countries is reather complicated , and you shall keep it in mind , in poland still live a big amount of people who loosed someone during iiww etc. 
  as i said , i do not have a problem with this satire , but not everyone is the same , and for example my dad hates the video i have posted . 
  as i said it was a methaphore . 
  nevertheless , cyclists and vegans are safe in poland . 
  maybe it is going to be a news for you , but our government does not force any `` anty gay people legislations too '' . 
  please define progressive - if progressive means patriotic and encouraging a healthy life and love to its family , country . 
  then yes , org fovernment is very progressive . 
  if progressive means - a gay-marriage , it means our government is not progressive at all . 
  i do not have any problem with satire , actually i kind of like this `` polish '' float , nicely done . 
  nevertheless , currently germany makes use of a satire a bit too often : e.g : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4l1kr0_b5s, 
  please tell me it is a low quality bite or maybe you really do not understand such a simple metaphore and still you try to involve yourself in a political discussion ... 
  polish people are not coming to uk to apply for a social welfare . 
  if someone is not skilled enough to find a job , then bye bye ... 
  as far as i know , your government pays refugees 60e daily + accommodation and food , ahh did i mention that you also clean up after them ... 
  he has eu passport , so he is not in need of pole card . 
  poles use manna not grysik, 
  timmermans showed no class at all ... 
  you shall read some books about jewish people in poland between 20-39 . 
  anyway , i will give you some tips : they loved to undermine our government and 90 % of communists ( often instructed in moscow ) were jewish . 
  it would be great if you could support your opinion , anyway it is not true ... middle class poles can afford much more than poor or lower-class us citizen . 
  please think twice before you write something . 
  1st of all this article does not tell 100 % true , 2ndly do you know the consequences of shrinking economy for a normal citizen ... 
  yep , maybe you are right , maybe i am not mature enough . 
  when you lost the grounds of you ancestors , when you lost a big part of your family during this event , afterwards when your family is represed for years by communistic government it is hard to be mature enough . 
  i am happy that you are mature enough to enjoy this satire . 
  yep and for my country it resulted in 45 years of communism ...
