  i agree , germany is also well protected . 
  when we will demolish all this nato bases located in germany ? 
  ehmm , you are a fool if you can not understand a simple statistics i mentioned and gave source in my first comment . 
  anyway , the cars cumulate at the border because poland is a transit country to russia , luthuanai/latvia , ukraine etc. 
  but ye why i even bother to answer if you can not understand a simple statistics/reports and start a personal insults `` but i guess your crest makes you an expert on that topic . 
  some people would argue with you . 
  a german friend of mine lives close to dutch border , in her small city , 3 women were raped since 2016 . 
  as i presented in other comment , if a group has a request , the place does not play a crucial role . 
  anyway , 90 % of foreign groups have to co-operate with domestic groups . 
  it is not that polish people stopped to steal german cars because we started to like you more . 
  it is simply almost impossible to register a stolen car in poland nowadays . 
  therefore it can be used only as a replacement part . 
  `` poland is still the most important transit and end destination for stolen cars from germany . '', 
  `` while i 'm sure that germans of middle eastern descent are overrepresented in the statistics they still make up a small part . '', 
  the last data i have are from 2014 and 70 % of thefts were commited by germans . 
  moreover since many years the most important end destinantion is russia . 
  again , the data i have shows that poles are not the most representing group . 
  for your information , prior to `` steal '' , the group gets an request from someone bigger , and next the group looks for the car . 
  therefore , the place does not play a crucial role . 
  hmm , i gave you a source with a vast numbers which profes that poles are not respoensible for most of the theft . 
  but you still are going to play your game . 
  you can read what ever you want , i read germans now build a new concentration camp and think about a new method of extermination of all non germans . 
  anyway , even if we will steal 1/3 of your country it is still going to be less than your glorious nation during 1939-1945 . 
  while it is true that in 90s and start of 00s polish people stole a mass number of german cars , it is not accurate anymore . 
  the co-operation between polish and german police makes it really difficult . 
  nowadays , the cars are stolen by german itself `` mostly of middle eastern descent '' . 
  if we look at numbers , more cars have been stolen by lituanians than by poles ( and please keep in mind the population ) . 
  source : http://www.gazetawroclawska.pl/artykul/3614227,polacy-to-zlodzieje-liczby-mowia-co-innego-kradna-tez-niemcy-raport,id,t.html i will be gratefull if you stop spreading old/not true information . 
  have a good day ,, 
  ahh this lovely stereotype . 
  yesterday i met a guy who reminded me i person i know . 
  i asked him a question '' i am sorry , are not you a xxx from switzerland '' he said : no , i wish i am from switzerlands but i am czech . 
  i do not get it , how one can be not proud of its own country !, 
  unfortunately , it is typical czech : `` we are not slavs , we are half germans '' , `` we have nothing in common with other slavs '' `` we are not eastern europe we are central '' etc. . . 
  he was the leader/insiprator , this scums killed in his name !, 
  and ukriane awarded bandera the posthumous title of hero of ukraine !, 
  anyway , i know he was inprisoned during wwii . 
  moreover , bandera is just an example , ukrainians praise many other killers . 
  someone has done a shity job during the research . 
  i do not know a single person who has anything against romanians/vietnamesse . 
  moroever , people in poland really like belarussian people !, 
  to sum it up , i do not believe in the outcome of this research . 
  hahah , please educate yourself !, 
  you say that pilsudski and zeligowski were non honoruable ? 
  are they responsible for night attacks of innocent civilians ? 
  are they child killers ? 
  rapers ? 
  do you even know for what bandera is responsible for ? 
  anyway , why i even bother to answer your bulshits !, 
  i met also a good ukrainians , and what ? 
  it does not change anything , they still praise murderes , for example : stephan bandera, 
  because i said the truth ? 
  shall i send you some videos how ukrainians praise murderers of polish people , or maybe you do not know history ? 
  or maybe it is not true that your country is corrupted ? 
  or maybe you do not have a post soviet menality ? 
  speak for yourself !, 
  ukraine is a losed-state without econnomy , post-soviet mentality and big corruption . 
  moreover , ukrainians have never been friendly to poles . 
  i am happy that portugal found a solution to its problems , i am not saying that decriminalisation/criminalisation of drugs is good or bad . 
  i just refered to the guy who said `` hopefully one day you 'll be able to overtake kazakhstan , turkey or russia :p '' by showing him that this moral freedom index is a bullshit . 
  ye , people who shot morphine/heroine on the staircase are scammers too ? 
  i have lived in lisbon for a few months so i am talking about own experience . 
  lisbon has a big drugs problem !, 
  ye cuz drug freedom works so well for portugal . 
  the citycenter of lisbon full of drug dealers aproaching toursits selling hash , cocaine etc. 
  moreover , maybe we do not want to have a street full of homo people who show its differences ( anyway , we do not mind them , just do it at home , there is nothing to be proud of ) religious freedom , bullshit !, 
  poland is half catholic , half atheists . 
  people have no problem with other religions , only islam has a bad image because of the action of some muslims . 
  yep , poland is literally a warzone , hunger , lack of a clean water , rapes and murders / s, 
  according to some migrants ( these who flew after a few days to germany ) poland is even worse than syria . 
  feminization of the current world , and also people who are cyclists and vegans tend to say to everyone that their way of life is the best and others should adapt their way of life . 
  while some people have different opinion , and government shall listen to everyone opinion . 
  but as i said if you do not understand a simple methafor and base your opinion of a person on one interview i can not help you . 
  i can not imagine how someone could think that he has something to people who are vegans or even more cyclists . 
  maybe you are right , maybe westerners are stupid if they do not understand a metaphor ( vegans and cyclists ) . 
  sub-saharan africa is in constant need of help ... ~ 45-50 years after the sub-saharan nations achieved independence . 
  we could spend this money better . 
  great job !, 
  amsterdam and zakopane logos are amazing !, 
  clown fiesta ? 
  your government is hostile towards polish minority for ages , u took over their lands ( and offered reparition in less developed , etc area ) , etc. . . 
  i fully support my current government , if you will not stop this actions we will have to intervene . 
  with all respect . 
  i have been studying in the netherlands , studied for a moment in portugal and poland . 
  i also dealt with students from almost every european country , in most cases polish students do better than avarage . 
  tada , it had to be a system error !, 
  people who follow top field of studies at warsaw university or jagiellonian have to study hard , thus stop spreading misleading information . 
  while i agree with you that we have a problem with our higher education ( so many shitty unis and uselees fields of studies ) , i think top unis still represent a top class . 
  is it funny for you ? 
  it just shows your incompetence . 
  maybe it is time to give us the `` plane '' back ? 
  you do a shit with it , look at the photos your fellas stolen allmost everything , it is not even held properly, 
  china, 
  east prusia was in polish possession for number of years . 
  lithuanians , hungarians and slovakians . 
  - i guees there is no need of explanation . 
  ukrainians - unfortunately not , there is still a long way ahead of you to change a bit the `` soviet '' mentality . 
  i know a few ukrainians so i base my opinion on facts . 
  czech republic - you guys flirt to much with germans , moreover i often have a feeling that you see somehow superior to other slavic nations , i do not like it . 
  germany - probably i will start a shitstorm from both sides .
