  let them be drove by its hate , let them hate us , be over it . 
  this girl for example lost a really influencial guy since i had free entrances to many clubs and free drinks for students , so it is her lost . 
  you can not cure stupidity . 
  / u/nnsfbk / u/zetzet / u/mortalsphere, 
  ok , starting tomorrow you are the leader of the leading party in poland , in which renovable energy source would you invest , keep in mind we can not shutdown out hospitals and kill unemployed/handicap thus your decision has to have at least decent cost/effective ratio . 
  we shall all ask ourself a question , why do they want to go to uk ? 
  i mean , they are already in western europe and the wealth distribution is almost the same in all we countries . 
  i am not blaming them , i balem uk political elities for this attacs , during the whole brexit campaign , your media/elites have been buliding hate towards poles . 
  can you englight me and say which party is ukip alike ? 
  not mentioning that ukip has ~ 10 % of votes . 
  i do not have to live in somalia to know it is not a safe place to live . 
  pleanty of poles live in uk , it is a fact , and i am not talking about friend of a friend but about genuine , true friends i contact with . 
  if you do not see a difference , it is your problem . 
  what is your point ? 
  even though you di dnot heard any of that it does not mean that it does not exist , it is present !, 
  `` if you attempt to colonise another country by flooding them with about a million people '' i could say some not polite words to you but i am not even going to bother . 
  i do not live in uk so it is not my business , but if i hear any seaking bad about my countrymates r my country i am going to intervene without any 2nd thought . 
  anyway , the current racist in uk is ugly , your tv-news showed poles from the worst possible side , your politicias have not seen anything wrong in it . 
  anyway , agresion build agresion , remember it . 
  but it is not isolated incident . 
  i talked with two friends and both claim that they have to face offensive words on a daili basis . 
  one girl was even really hard insulted in a bus full of people and no one reacted . 
  not mentioning all this conversations in bars , etc. 
  dirty poles , those eastern europeans taking our job , they all have to go back , etc. 
  so what ? 
  i should get rid of my email address , many accounts and force my friends to call me differently becaouse some freak has the same nick name ? 
  and ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  my name is konrad , so people call me kony , since i am 7 . 
  you are so blinded with your love to your country that you can not even accept the true , which is that your countrymen were responsible for destroying the life of millions and taking the chances of the new ( lost ) ( communism ) generation . 
  i do hope you will never be put in the situation like this kids of 50s/60s , growing in totalitarian communistic country , destroyed after war . 
  do not waste your time / u/vertikal19 has really big problems with poles and the territories germans lost after wwii , moreover , he whitewash germans each time there is a topic about iiww . 
  he even claims that gdansk was fully german , as he mentioned `` do not care for . . `` gdansk '' '' ) , he ignoes the fact of free city of gdansk and battle of westerplatte . 
  you ( germans ) were responsible for this shit happening to us ( communism after 1945 ), 
  no we can not , since germans destroyed all our major cities , stole billions in gold and arts and killed 6 millions of our citizens , and still they feel superior to us , having blood of murderers in thir harts !, 
  for anyone who will start with this territories we get from germans adter wwii on the west , we lost much more on the east !, 
  i do not speak \u00ef do not even know how to call it , reddit language ? 
  or what . 
  pottato out of nowhere ? 
  your parents have to be proud of you . 
  maybe you shall educate yourself better , so that you know that it was done by germans to have a reason to attack . 
  even david irving in its hitler 's war ( btw , david irving is hated by almost all historician , who claim that he glorify and protect hitler ) , says about hitlers plan of attacking poland and other east european countries , long before iiww . 
  edit : you also have to be reallly stupid if you believe that all this world war started becaouse of the radio tower attack , even if poles have done it . 
  can you elaborate on that , with osme sources or just some bullshit talking ? 
  any mass protests againts particular cointry citizens ? 
  unfavour articles ? 
  protests againts `` jewish '' ? 
  `` germans '' ? 
  ok , what is the point of reversing the flag ? 
  why other flags are not reversed ? 
  during the group-photo moment , there is a polish `` flag '' `` persona '' missing . 
  there is though a flag of monaco ( red-white ) , polish flag is ( white-red ) . 
  i do not believe in racial motives , thus the origin of the victims is not the most important here . 
  anyway , we have to be responsible for our actions , i hope the attackers will be prosecuted in poland , and jailed in polish prison . 
  if germans themself will not change its opinion/approach to eastern europeans ( mostly poles ) nothing will change the sentiments . 
  and i do not base my opinion only on reddit ( whilst , it is not difficult to find here some germans talking bad about poland and poles ) . 
  people do a lot to provide food , and relatively normal life for their children . 
  anyway , mostly low educated people from small cities/villages migrate to germany ( have nothing against them , respect every hard working men ) since educated people finally can have normal life in eastern europe too . 
  there are a few , 
  free anime, 
  it means that they have some problems ( like depression ) or are lazy . 
  and no , they can not affort to be neet , they just take money from their parents and existe not live ( have not possibilities to fulfill its passions etc ), 
  nice ` selective picking ' of my words ... 
  can you elaborate on what you mean by saying `` calm it down man '' . 
  i am just not going to discuss with this user , since he definitely has some issues with poland and poles ( what is really interesting , since he is pole ) . 
  for him , even if we ( poles ) find a way to cure a cancer , he would find something to undermine our achievement . 
  and here is our reddit troll called `` hipokryzja '' who loves to attack other poles and always find a way to say some shit about poland and poles . 
  i do not know anyone getting offended by calling him `` ee '' , it is just a name for post-communist countries . 
  it is interesting , i have a similiar opinion to you , i do not see anything wrong with classifying us as eastern europeans . 
  nevertheless , most of our neighbouring countries seem to feel offended when you call them `` eastern european '' , they somehow instantaneously come up with terms like nord , central , southern east europe . 
  oh ye , since we eastern europeans can not speak/write in either its own native language or english ? 
  please , give me a break , all this moaning about being nordic , or czech people saying `` we are central not eastern europe '' . 
  first of all , you have to understand that west = post ww2 capitaistic europe , and east = post ww2 communist ( soviet influence ) europe . 
  what is your problem ? 
  what is wrong with being eastern european ? 
  you feel down becaouse of that ? 
  you feel less inteligent ? 
  so do somethign with it , instead of constantly meoaning western/nordic europe . 
  tell me , why hungarians do not have such problems ? 
  they actually have some reasons to be mad about this east/west divide since they were an empire and they defienietly had more in common with western that eastern countries . 
  but the same is in germany or nederlands , the times when people left cars/houses open are gone . 
  anyway , i think the percente of people who instal cameras/alarms is really low , how many of your friends have one of those `` security-systems '' ? 
  to be clear , i am not saying that poland is the safiest place on earth or that peeple feel 100 % safe , i just think that the difference between us and our western neighbours is not that big . 
  good article , a bit short but interesting to read . 
  please do not interpret my comment as rude , but you are not saying true , really , moste people feel safe in poland . 
  we do ? 
  i did not realize . 
  my mom wanted to visit albania this year , but her friends did not like the idea . 
  one of my friends visited albania this year , for a first time , he was really impressed , other one go there each year . 
  what is your problem ? 
  just downvote it and move on . 
  anyway , you have a nice note on your flag `` brits in , slavs out '' . 
  ehmm , 1918-1939 read a bit about those times , look how many jewishs people acted ( just a small example : bialystok area , 90 % of communism supporters were jewish ) , etc. 
  ordinary people offered free accommodations in its own houses . 
  i have better stuff to do than educate you . 
  just really fast to clarify something . 
  i mentioned eastern germany and how it looked 27 year ago , you answered : `` first you should know that german miracle happened in aftermath of ww ii not 27 yars ago . 
  secondly compere the situation and opportunities of post war germany and post communist poland . '', 
  eastern germany had the same opportunities ( even better than poland ) after wat , still it looked like shit in 1990 , even though of beoing favorized by soviets . 
  if you think thak post war poland and post war germany had the same opportunities , you are more dumb than i thought .
