  it happened , now everyone shall be treated equal , if you do not work you do not get money . 
  if you do not assymilate or at least try gtfo . 
  unfortunately i believe it is true , before it all started to be a main european problem , a polish foundation , namely : estera has invited 200 christian syrians to poland . 
  they gave them house , buddies , money , school for kids etc. 
  in 3 months over 60 % fled to germany . 
  i wrote a short post about this situation , you can read it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3vx9br/are_we_french_german_etc_or_are_we_europeans/cxsd4jc, 
  poland is not a country which closes its borders , build fences etc. 
  moreover , we are doing really good job protecting the external eu borders , our border guards are professionals , with a new equipments and after years of trainings ( not mentioning , we send the reiforcement to hungary to help them to protect the external european borders . 
  it is in polish interest to maintain free-movement ( schengen ) . 
  and ye refugees , we do not accept the quotas , because we are not going to force this people to stay in our country , how you imagine to do this ? 
  if someone apply fo asylum in poland and fulfill the requirements we will be more than happy to accept them and we will do our best to integrate them . 
  in the same time we help a lot ukrainian people , already more than 500k , we give them more than asyluum , we give them work permits , finance their education ( look at some reports , polish eastern unis are full of ukrainians , they even have a priority and full grant ) , etc. 
  moreover , apart from quota , and our focus on our neighbours , how do you imagine it ? 
  we had no colonies , untill now we had no contact with people from different backround , people who know mostly arabic , we do not have the infrastructure to help this people in a sufficient way . 
  i can continue this topic for hours , not everything is black and white , unfortunatelly western press tries to show us as this bad people , unwilling to help people in need . 
  it is sad . 
  i wrote a post about this event , if you are interested , here it is : ctrl + c , ctrl + v  ok , so it is my humble opinion about this exaggerated issue . 
  ahh , ye , i think it is worth to mention that i did not vote for pis ( the current rulling party ) po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press . 
  even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) i hate the idea of moving back to the old retirement age . 
  500 zloty ( 125euro ) for kid , i am really liberal and far from giving money to everyone , thus i do not support this idea . 
  neverthelesse , all people who cry that we are not able to finance it are wrong . 
  the money will stay in the domestic economy , people ale nor going to spend it on fancy vacations . 
  moreover , it will help parents to finance the education , it shall have a positive social effect . 
  not mentioning that social-welfare almost does not exist in poland . 
  people look around you , look how many kids are wearing old clothes , do not have all books or can not go on vacation . 
  as i said i am far from supporting this idea but maybe lets just try it , we are not omniscient . 
  our current constitution is disastrous , pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  just read the opinion of experts about it , so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  people move to western europe because uni graduates often can earn 2x more there doing labour work , not mentioning uneducated from villages who can earn 4x more , or professional who can earn 3x more  of course , i am not saying that unemployment does not exist , but if you are self-determined , realiable and willing to take almost every job , you can find something in a day ( uneducated , from villages are a different story ) the other problem is that , young-people often choose studies which are not future orientd . 
  if you see that market is already full you shall consider to follow a different program . 
  but it is not what i meant , i just do not understand why all refugees tries to reach only the most wealth countries , while they can really try to live normal life in one of this less advanced . 
  if you are hard-worker , and want to achive something in your life , believe me you can do it in poland , portugal , czech republic . 
  i do not know from which country you are from , but i think you are not completely right . 
  even wealthy western countries face some problems , uk already spent almost half of the taxes on social-welfare . 
  germany pension founds are colapsing , same with the nederlands pension founds , not mentioning the last cuts in the dutch education sector ( gov made sam changes in the scholar subsidies ) i do not know the current situation of nordic countries , but apart from nordic , benelux , uk , germany and france the rest of european countries can not face such issues . 
  you shall also take into account the grow of asian economies which can , but do not have to influence our fortune . 
  moreover , not everyone is so easy-going like you , a lot of people can have a problem with this issue , why some have to work hard everyday and others do not ? 
  it can create enormous social problems in the same time , i have to agree with you that unemployment and isolation lead to social issues like criminality , agression , etc. 
  ok , so it is my humble opinion about this exaggerated issue . 
  ahh , ye , i think it is worth to mention that i did not vote for pis ( the current rulling party ) po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) i hate the idea of moving back to the old retirement age . 
  500 zloty ( 125euro ) for kid , i am really liberal and far from giving money to everyone , thus i do not support this idea . 
  neverthelesse , all people who cry that we are not able to finance it are wrong . 
  the money will stay in the domestic economy , people ale nor going to spend it on fancy vacations . 
  moreover , it will help parents to finance the education , it shall have a positive social effect . 
  not mentioning that social-welfare almost does not exist in poland . 
  people look around you , look how many kids are wearing old clothes , do not have all books or can not go on vacation . 
  as i said i am far from supporting this idea but maybe lets just try it , we are not omniscient . 
  our current constitution is disastrous , pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  just read the opinion of experts about it , so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  i think that most of the people who talk about eastern european countries have never visited any of these countries . 
  come one people , i am from poland , in the same time i have seen almost every other european nation , and the differences are not that big . 
  we have the good and bad districts , more and less beauty cities , places more and less developed as everywhere . 
  sometimes , when i read your comments i have an image that for some of you eastern european countries are almost the same as middle east ones . 
  the only vissible difference between eastern and western states are the salaries , and it is the reason why people move abroad to work . 
  currently , i am living in lisbon ( portugal ) , beauty place , awesome people and amazing parties , however if you compare the city to warsaw , krakow , prague , budapest ( eastern european cities ) you will see that the eastern european ones are more rich , more beauty and better invested . 
  it is how it is , some countries are richer some are poorer , but people in every european nation are equaly kind , educated and willing to help . 
  if refugees do not want to come to poland , so be it , but believe me if some of them decide ( not be forced ) to come , and will be willing to asymilate and respect our laws , we will do best to help them . 
  if a person with phds would apply for assylum in the embessy , he would get it right away . 
  i am polish and european , it means i share similliar values to all european citizens , peace , freedom of speach and beliefs , full rights of women etc. 
  it is always really funny for me when citizens of `` western europe '' make this big difference between western and eastern europe . 
  taking into account that some of the crucial values you respect so much like : constitution ( 1st european constitution was signed in poland in 1791 ) or freedom of religion ( warsaw confederation 1573 ) were first introduced in eastern europe . 
  not saying about the full rights of women 1918 in poland comparing to 1948 in belgium also for ages eastern european countries like poland , czech or hungary had a lot more in common with for example : germany and austria than many south european countries . 
  let me guess , low-quality ? 
  thanks for the valuable insights , i respect you for a high quality discussions , even though we do not agree in every points . 
  so how you want to prevent people from coming to europe ? 
  even if we manage to close turkish/greece border they still will go through italy . 
  spain is able to manage the influx because relatively small amount of people trying to sneak through spanish border . 
  u said that according to german constitution if someone comes to germany through libya you will not be able to send them back , so what will stop this 2 million next year ? 
  syria and iraq are not the only problem , the half of africa is unfortunatelly fucked up too ... we already sent a signal , come to europe , we are not able to protect our borders and we are not going to send you back . 
  as far as i understand , germany is not giving asylum to everyone , but in the same time you are not able to send the rejected one back to their home coountry . 
  what will happen with this people ? 
  we show our weakness , we could help 10x more people at their soil . 
  people who often are in more need of aid than this coming to europem , who are mostly young males . 
  i am happy we agree on that . 
  nevertheless , greece is not the only problem , italy also does not secure well the external european border . 
  the agreement with turkey is also barren , but it is just my humble opionion and i hope i am wrong . 
  if not through turkey/greece they will go through italy , spain or will try through ukrainian/belarusian/polish border . 
  we need to send a signal that europe is not going to accept more illegal-migrants if anyone want to get asylum , need to contact the embassy of the particular country . 
  i am happy that german economy can afford that but not every country is in such a good condition . 
  if you accept one million this year , next year 2 millions will come . 
  i do not get your comment . 
  along with syrians we accept a big group of afghans too . 
  people who do not even know how to write in its own language are less likely to learn one of the european languages like : italian , polish or german . 
  therefore , i can not image how our governments are going to solve this problem . 
  of course i understand the need of help but i can not image to subside them till the end of their life . 
  i am going to work hard , 8-12 hours a day till the time of my retirenment while a big group of people will not contribute at all . 
  syrians are extremely well educated if you compare them to afghan . 
  literacy ratio of afghan people is only 38 % . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_literacy_rate, 
  i am impressed with estonia , this country is doing really well . 
  in the same time , i am shocked what happend to greece , i was there a few years ago and it was a great country to live . 
  http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/infographic/regional/european-union-and-western-europe portugal more corrupt than estonia spain more corrupt than poland .
