as far as i know there have never been any confirmation of exactly how the photos were accessed . 
  what we know is that another apple service using the same credentials had no brute force protection whatsoever and could have been to break weak passwords . 
  the responsibility would have been shared between apple and the celebs in that case . 
  this vulnerability was patched a few days after the leak , but i do n't think apple have admitted it was related . 
  it would be high for a parliamentary election . 
  for a non-parliamentary election it 's very high . 
  i ca n't speak to what you meant , but what you said was :  the crisis broke out because of the frivolous dergulations by the centre-right government of carl bildt , and was cleaned up by social democrats the crisis started with the collapse of finance company nyckeln in 1990 which led to several other companies going under as well . 
  the crisis was in full swing by the time the centre-right won the elections in 1991 . 
  the bildt government had nothing to do with it . 
  the cause of the crisis was primarily the deregulations enacted in 1985 - by the social democrat government . 
  i 'm sure the earlier centre-right governments made some mistakes , but nothing that can be said to have caused the crises on the same level . 
  as for the social democrats cleaning up the crisis , it was more or less over by the time of the 1994 election . 
  you can have opinions about bildt 's handling of the crisis , but regardless of the government crises tend to be temporary and the economy always recovers . 
  bildt might have sped up or slowed down the recovery , which one is hard to say . 
  you get a total of 480 days and 60 of those are dedicated to each parent . 
  so you can do anything between a 420/60 and a 240/240 split . 
  the new government might increase the number of dedicated days to 90 . 
  that seems very inefficient . 
  i 've never heard of even new power plants doing this . 
  according to your own link , that would double the cost . 
  i 'm pretty sure even new plants do n't do that . 
  how do you burn coal without releasing co2 ? 
  that 's the current situation . 
  the governing alliance only have 173 out of 349 parliamentary seats ( 49.6 % ) . 
  this does mean that the government has lost some votes , but in anything regarding immigration the government and the opposition will vote the same and outnumber the sweden democrats 329 to 20 . 
  if the red-green coalition do n't achieve 50 % on their own , the situation would be reversed . 
  a red-green government that loses the occasional vote in votes on issues not related to immigration . 
  some people speculate that the current government would make a `` deal with the devil '' and remain in power by including sd into their coalition , but that 's extremely unlikely to actually happen . 
  in terms of votes and parliamentary seats , sure . 
  in terms of actual influence , not so much . 
  well , he is the one currently in charge so i would n't count him out yet . 
  however , it looks pretty bad right now , the opposition seems more likely to win . 
  their immigration policies are effectively the same though , so i would n't blame that part of the strategy . 
  that seems like a contradiction . 
  why would they follow a law that does n't apply to them ? 
  assuming the price would end up being the average if it was the same everywhere , it 's definitely not in the best interests of everyone to work together . 
  3 $ / m ^ 3 is roughly what we pay in sweden . 
  considering most stuff is 2-4 times cheaper in the czech republic , it 's relatively expensive , but it does n't sound terrible . 
  if it was 100 times cheaper 20 years ago , the state-run water company was clearly running at a loss . 
  i 'm not sure if a terrorist attack like this falls under the jurisdiction of the icc , at least not until ukraine is unwilling to prosecute them . 
  crimea never was an independent nation . 
  so kind of like how russia did n't annex a country then ? 
  iraq 2003 and afghanistan 2001 most recently . 
  a bit longer ago we have panama 1989 , grenada 1983 and vietnam ~ 1963 . 
  and that 's just the large scale invasions , not counting the `` funding of insurgents '' type of deal . 
  the island was a british colony but was populated by greeks and turks . 
  in 1960 , the zurich agreement established the cypriot state as a bi-communal state where the government positions were shared between the greek cypriots and the turkish cypriots . 
  the agreement also gave power to the uk , greece and turkey to if necessary intervene to restore this bi-communal state and uphold the constitution . 
  preferably as a joint effort but if necessary , unilaterally . 
  in 1974 greece staged a military coup and took control of the country installing as president nikos sampson , a greek ultra nationalist who was known to be fanatically anti-turkish . 
  as the uk declined to intervene , turkey exercised its right to do so . 
  note that while turkey had a right to intervene , it should have stopped at restoring the constitution set forth in the zurich agreement . 
  instead they opted to escalate the invasion by taking control of 40 % of the country and throwing all the greek cypriots out of those areas . 
  this , they did not have a right to do . 
  the international community agree that this was a breach of the agreement and that turkey committed human rights abuses during the invasion . 
  cyprus , greece , turkey and the uk had signed a treaty giving them exactly that right ... 
  yeah , # 200 000 is pitifully low ... 
  i would assume that the punishment is that the bail is not returned . 
   spanish airports and air navigation ( aena ) , the public body responsible for airports in spain , released a statement saying there was never any danger of a collision as there was sufficient space to carry out a landing between the two planes . 
  this statement implies that the plane had permission to cross the runway , otherwise they would n't be trying to save face like that . 
   the investigation concluded that the fundamental cause of the accident was that captain veldhuyzen van zanten took off without takeoff clearance . 
  the investigators suggested the reason for his mistake might have been a desire to leave as soon as possible in order to comply with klm 's duty-time regulations , and before the weather deteriorated further . 
   other major factors contributing to the accident were :  * the sudden fog greatly limited visibility . 
  the control tower and the crews of both planes were unable to see one another . 
  * interference from simultaneous radio transmissions , with the result that neither message could be heard . 
   the following factors were considered contributing but not critical :  * use of ambiguous non-standard phrases by the klm co-pilot ( `` we 're at take off '' ) and the tenerife control tower ( `` ok '' ) . 
  * the pan am aircraft had not exited the runway at c-3 . 
  * the airport was ( due to rerouting from the bomb threat ) forced to accommodate a great number of large aircraft , resulting in disruption of the normal use of taxiways . 
  [ 36 ] **** source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tenerife_airport_disaster basically there was a ton of factors that contributed to making the accident happen , and the removal of even one of them would have prevented it . 
  in the end the critical point was that the pilot should have known he did not have takeoff clearance . 
  obviously they could tell the difference between a real mobile phone and a plastic replica with a bomb inside . 
  however , it could very well be impossible to detect if a single component like for example the battery has been replaced by explosives . 
  usually those airports have a second security check to get into the area where flights to the us leaves to , so hopefully it should n't affect flights within europe at all . 
  more or less , but not exactly . 
  '' \u00c5tala '' is closer to `` prosecute '' in meaning . 
  swedish does n't have a precise equivalent to `` charge '' . 
  telling an obese person to `` just eat less '' is like telling an unemployed person to `` just get a job '' or telling a socially awkward penguin to `` just talk to girls '' . 
  people who have always been thin have trouble understanding how difficult it is for some to eat less . 
  people who always have a job , succeed in every interview and are headhunted from company to company have trouble understanding how difficult it can be for others to get any job at all . 
  people who have been having one-night-stands and girlfriends constantly since they were 16 have trouble understanding how others find it difficult to talk to the opposite sex at all . 
  there are plenty of examples where a behavioral change that is simple to describe with words is actually difficult to implement into ones life . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  it 's not exactly huge wads though , it looks as if a minimally sized alliance would receive 0.3 m euro per year , which is n't a whole lot when split between the countries . 
  what do you base these assumptions on ? 
  according to that , they could . 
  however , most consider the right to sovereignty/territorial integrity more important than the right to self-determination . 
  the right to self-determination is basically superseded by more important principles . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination#current_issues, 
  the sweden democrats have said they 're willing to cooperate with ukip and danish people 's party , but no one else . 
  though while they 're not directly cooperating with fn , they 'll surely vote the same on most issues . 
  in sweden there 's no law about it , but all major retailer chains have a 15-year-old limit . 
  no , this is the way it 's been since juries were reintroduced in 2009 ... 
  i 'm really not sure where you got your information from because a system like the one you describe is completely insane . 
  no that 's completely incorrect . 
  the jury will rank the songs from 1-26 and the televoting will also `` rank '' the songs from 1-26 . 
  these rankings are then merged and the 10 highest ranked songs in the merged scores is given 12 , 10 , 8 , 7 ... points . 
  i do n't think you understand how the voting works . 
  the jury and the televoting is equally important . 
  why do you think b would win ? 
  from what i can tell rumun in polish means romani in english , which is the same as gypsies .
