  after this , you are expected to provide for yourself and basically follow the same rules as ordinary swedes , but even if you are unable or refuse the work the government will never let you become homeless or starve , especially not if you have children . 
  this goes for both swedes and immigrants . 
  again this will not be a glorious life and most would much rather work for their living if possible . 
  when you 've lived in sweden for 4-5 years you can apply for citizenship and it will almost certainly be granted . 
  so what 's the alternative ? 
  live in a refugee camp in turkey for years surviving on food rations , and when the war is over you get thrown back into a country that is completely destroyed from the war , where you 'll have to work hard every day to even survive . 
  even if you wo n't get a free house and mercedes in sweden , it really is sort of like winning the lottery . 
  no , they had them at 4 % . 
  he 's right about the `` recent events '' factor though . 
  the poll coincided with the knife murder inside ikea committed by an immigrant denied asylum . 
  coincidentally , yougov and sentio were the ones who were closest in their sd predictions in the last election . 
  i 'm not sure why you would place more trust in polls like sifo and novus that historically undervalues sd . 
  if they 're walking at least they 're not drowning at sea . 
  if they could simply walk , why would n't they do that instead of going on those crazy dangerous boats ? 
  the `` user was banned for this post '' has been used on at least 4chan and somethingawful long before teamliquid was created , and probably on a ton of other sites . 
  if it would become known that a republican politician was a kkk member , he would be thrown out of the party and almost certainly never reelected again . 
  similar things happen to sd politicians who are exposed as nazis . 
  sd is still a relatively young party to they do n't have a lot of qualified career politicians . 
  it 's getting better with every election though , and at this point most national candidates are fairly reasonable . 
  they would need 51 % to win as all other parties refuse to work with them . 
  if they only got 49 % of the seats it 's more likely the other 7 parties would form a coalition government . 
  the two deceased knew each other , but there is no known connection to the suspects . 
  first you probably got like 1 or 2 downvotes , which happens randomly and is n't really anything to worry about . 
  then you started whining and instead of your post being upvoted like you would expect people kept downvoting you . 
  i see , well that makes sense . 
  you got downvoted for whining about downvotes . 
  that depends on what you mean by `` we '' . 
  the mainstream media might not print their names of pictures but the information is available in public court documents and will be reported in alternative media . 
  in the press conference the police said there is no connection between the suspects and the victims . 
  this does n't necessarily mean that they 've never met or heard of each other , but it should mean that it was n't a love drama . 
  the two suspects are 35 and 23 years old , when does the middle age start ? 
  the police said that the two people arrested ( one of them seriously injured ) knew each other , but that there was no connection to the two dead people . 
  this does n't necessarily mean that they have never met before i guess , depending on what they mean by `` connection '' . 
  laws that protect public health is generally exempt from such rules . 
  what it 's about depends on who you ask . 
  if you ask me it 's about ensuring economic stability and growth . 
  while i might not like the opinions of the religious zealot , at least if he 's wealthy he 's likely to contribute economically . 
  if he pays for construction of 100 new mosques that 's a lot of jobs . 
  someone being poor does n't necessarily mean we should n't let them in , more important is their education and job prospects . 
  refugee immigration obviously can not follow the same guidelines exactly and is a complex problem with many nuisances . 
  the basic problem is that people want to fit all parties on a left-right scale that is at its root a question of taxation level , but in reality there are a number of political issues that are unrelated . 
  people who have been living in finland are generally well-educated and can fit in and contribute to swedish society , regardless of their skin color and religion . 
  sd seeks to limit immigration for people who will be living on welfare . 
  incorrect . 
  since the last election the sweden democrats sided with the government 51 % of the time since the last election . 
  generally they will appear to side with whichever side is in the government because they only introduce the bills they know will pass . 
  anti-immigration means far right regardless of policies on the taxation levels because of the connection to historic fascist parties which were far right , typically in germany and italy during ww2 . 
  it 's not about arabs and it 's not about muslims . 
  limiting immigration is about neither race nor religion . 
  did he provide any reasons or arguments ? 
  you can abuse this by using a debit card for totals ending in .50 -.99 and using cash for totals ending in .01 -.49 . 
  you 'll be rich in no time !, 
  it 's 40/40 for rounding up and down . 
  x.x1 , x.x2 , x.x6 and x.x7 get rounded down while x.x3 , x.x4 , x.x8 and x.x9 get rounded up . 
  x.x0 and x.x5 does not get rounded at all . 
  but as he said , the health risk is not the reason it 's illegal . 
  at the root it 's a moral issue and people are using the health risk to justify it . 
  nothing was ever agreed to in regards to boycotting the world cup . 
  england had a plan that if uefa and the top south american countries pull out it would kill the world cup , but other key nations like france and spain already said they were n't interested . 
   what annoys me is how the major fas of the world do n't work together more . 
  they work together a lot , in fact they have an international federation where they send representatives to discuss and agree on things . 
  i would rather say , `` hopefully this changes fifa '' . 
  short summary for the uninitiated :  on 17 july 2012 , in the wake of announced anti-corruption reforms by the president of fifa , sepp blatter , [ 2 ] fifa appointed former united states attorney michael j. garcia as the chairman of the investigative branch of its ethics committee , while german judge hans-joachim eckert was appointed as the chairman of the ethics committee 's adjudication chamber . 
  [ 3 ]  garcia delivered his 350-page report in september 2014 , and it was subsequently announced by hans-joachim eckert that it would not be made public for legal reasons . 
  [ 14 ] eckert said that only his judgement on the report will be published , in the spring of 2015 , and the report had only been seen by four people . 
  [ 14 ]  on 13 november 2014 , hans-joachim eckert released a 42-page summary of his findings after reviewing michael garcia 's report ; the summary cleared both russia and qatar of any wrongdoing during the bidding for the 2018 and 2022 world cups , [ 15 ] leaving russia and qatar free to stage their respective world cups . 
  [ 16 ]  hours after the eckert summary was released , garcia himself criticized it for being `` materially incomplete '' with `` erroneous representations of the facts and conclusions '' , while declaring his intention to appeal to fifa 's appeal committee . 
  [ 15 ]  on 16 december 2014 , fifa 's appeal committee dismissed garcia 's appeal against the eckert summary as `` not admissible '' . 
  fifa also stated that eckert 's summary was `` neither legally binding nor appealable '' . 
  [ 25 ] a day later , garcia resigned from his role as fifa ethics investigator in protest of fifa 's conduct , citing a `` lack of leadership '' and lost confidence in the independence of eckert from fifa . 
  [ 26 ]  walter de gregorio , in a press conference on 27 may 2015 , stated that the garcia report has been in the hands of the office of the attorney general of switzerland since 19 november 2014 . 
  as part of the criminal proceedings the report may or may not be released . 
  [ 30 ] ok i guess it was n't that short . 
  tl ; dr is that an independent investigator found lots of corruption but fifa refused to publish the report and he turned it over the the justice system instead . 
  on a first glance it seems weird that someone from the cayman islands would have that sort of power in international circles , but when your primary activity is fraud and corruption it 's certainly useful to have those sort of contacts on a money laundering paradise . 
  99 % of swedish politicians call themselves feminists , though most keep it on a reasonable level . 
  2500 would be more normal , but i agree that 3500 is nothing extreme . 
  in case of loss of pressurization airliners can safely descend at 6000-8000 fpm . 
  370 kts aka 685km/h was the ground speed , but it does n't make a huge difference . 
  a descent of 3500fpm aka 64km/h means the actual speed in terms of gps coordinates is 688km/h which is not noticeably different . 
  even when descending , you need to maintain throttle to accelerate at those speeds . 
  the drag is large enough that you would not maintain 685km/h without engines . 
  3500fpm is a steep descent for sure , especially that close to the ground , but it 's not anywhere near what you would get with an uncontrolled free fall . 
  a normal descent at higher altitudes might be 2500fpm . 
  en emergency descent in case of loss of cabin pressure might be 6000-8000fpm which would feel very steep and be unpleasant , but still not exactly dangerous . 
  i do n't disagree with anything you say . 
  but if it 's this critical , why are they so far away from a hospital ? 
  if the weather was bad no airline would be able to fly them there . 
  if you choose to go on vacation , which is your choice , maybe you should also be on vacation from the transplant list . 
  there 's always a risk you wo n't make it back in time and if you 're late you also robbed the next person on the list of his chance . 
  that depends on what you mean by `` ok '' . 
  people go on dialysis for years or decades waiting for kidneys . 
  i edited my post to say `` immediately life threatening '' . 
  clearly you are not well if you need a transplant , but my point was more that it was n't a life or death situation that he got on that very flight . 
  so basically : * they tried to buy a ticket at the airport 65 minutes before departure . 
  * ryan air does not sell that ticket at the airport normally , only online . 
  * airport personnel considered making an exception and contacted the main office for approval , but did not fully explain the nature of the emergency and was denied . 
  * family made it to the transplant via the next flight . 
  * sensationalized article makes it seem like family had tickets on the ryan air flight but was denied because of the medical condition , which is a complete fabrication . 
  personally i 'm not all that bothered by ryan air 's actions .
