  the title is very incorrect . 
  no one has died as a result of the riots . 
  the article makes no mention of any 3-year-old . 
  yes . 
  no , not really . 
  what part of it would you consider bigoted ? 
  those are much better examples , thank you . 
  the only one i saw was category 3 , which i probably thought came from / r/imgoingtohellforthis or / r/4chan . 
  it 's natural to be unhappy with being poor . 
  it 's natural to be angry if you feel this is unfair . 
  it 's still savage to throw rocks and set fire to cars . 
  people who throw rocks at police and set fire to cars are savages . 
  they are not savages because they come from another country , they are savages because they throw rocks and start fires . 
  nothing in the linked post is racist at all . 
  this is what he means by `` your pathologic fear of perceived racism '' . 
  i do n't think there are any rules for that . 
  my teacher spoke and wrote a more perfect oxford english than any englishman i 've ever met . 
  they generally teach you both variants similar to what you describe , but you can use whatever on your assignments as long as you 're consistent . 
  i 'm saying we stopped in january this year , when it was finally ruled unconstitutional . 
  before that everyone who wanted a sex change operation had to get sterilized . 
  i would n't call january 10th 2013 `` long gone '' . 
  the thing is , even if we agree that society would be better off without violent porn , these laws are going to be completely ineffective . 
  there 's just no way to effectively stop it when it 's so widely available online . 
  it 's just gon na be the prohibition or the war on drugs all over again . 
  sweden already got rid of our `` 50 \u00f6re '' coin , which is roughly equivalent to 5 cents . 
  ca n't say i 've missed it at all . 
  so can we see those documents ? 
  it 's a secret . 
  they fly around north of scandinavia and then turn south . 
  nato has several functions and nordefco can replace some but not all of them . 
  the original point of being a member of nato is that the united states promise to use their 732 billion dollar defense budget to defend your country against a russian invasion . 
  nordefco ca n't provide that at all , so it ca n't really replace nato . 
  in peace-time areas like training , equipment and strategic development nordefco could replace a lot of what nato does , but the us still contributes with a lot of really useful stuff . 
  the nordic countries do n't have anywhere near the field experience that the us does , so discarding their input seems like it would hurt . 
  the third area , which i guess is your major reason for not wanting to be in nato , is the international policing stuff . 
  nordefco has no ambition to take part in that kind of stuff ( and we do n't have nearly enough resources to do so anyway ) . 
  to some extent , you could say that nato 's role here is just to increase the us military budget by 30 % . 
  i suppose that 's the price you pay for having their guaranteed backing if attacked . 
  my personal opinion regarding the last point is that some kind of world police is needed . 
  the un can not really fill this role because of its control structure . 
  no one will freely hand over the military forces they pay for to an organization they do n't control without some kind of reward . 
  optimally this organization should be controlled by a council of various countries where they get power in relation to their forces , with none of them contributing more than 10 % ( or even 5 % ) of the total . 
  it should be powerful enough to easily overpower any rogue countries or rebellions , in all areas of the world at the same time . 
  this would hopefully lead to a situation where starting wars is pointless in the first place because the world police would just come in and bust you . 
  it goes without saying that such a police force would currently be prohibitively expensive . 
  the only country really willing to pay for it seems to be the us , and that is why they 're currently running the only world police . 
  i would like to say that sweden should be willing too , but honestly i 'm not so sure that it 's worth it . 
  is it really worth trashing the welfare , education , health care and so on just to help other countries with the problems they caused themselves ? 
  right now it probably is n't , but in the future i hope it will be ( or rather , that we could afford to ) . 
  nato is not the only way to cooperate on defense . 
  sweden rely on getting help from nato countries , but it 's not like we do nothing in return . 
  we help them with a lot of military stuff , and in return we expect to be helped if attacked . 
  there are plenty of nato countries that spend equal or less amounts of their gdp on defense ( belgium , luxembourg , iceland , spain , hungary , albania ) and many others who only spend slightly more ( denmark , netherlands , norway , germany , czech republic , latvia , lithuania , romania and slovakia all spend 1.5 % or less ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of those countries contribute less to nato activities than sweden does and you are not only expected to help them , you are obligated to . 
  not sure if you 've heard of this concept called national sovereignty . 
  every country is allowed to decide for themselves what organizations and alliances they want to join . 
  norway have chosen to join nato but stay out of the eu . 
  they still function very well within the european community and take part in other treaties like schengen and others . 
  sweden instead chose to join the eu but stay out of nato . 
  instead of being a member of nato we 're just partnering with them in various ways . 
  according to [ this article on the official nato site ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/news_93853.htm ) the other members seem to be perfectly happy with the current arrangement . 
  i 'm gon na assume you 're swedish , so here 's the original basis for your quote :  i sverige fungerar luftbevakningens radarsystem , stridsledning och signalspaning dygnet runt . 
  i 'm not quite sure how dn managed to get that wrong . 
  how do they get to the uk without breaching national airspace ? 
  are they flying north of finland/norway or are they wiggling out from the baltic sea through the danish straits ? 
  we decided it was n't worth the money to keep a 24/7 readiness . 
  we have standby readiness parts of every day , exactly when and how much is secret . 
  to be fair , even though we 're not actual members of nato we still take part in a lot of combat exercises and actual missions like bosnia , kosovo , afghanistan and libya . 
  i 'm pretty sure we contribute more than our fair share given our relatively low population compared to countries like germany , france and the uk . 
  see [ sweden : one of nato 's most active and effective partners ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/news_93853.htm ) for some more information . 
  nato 's mission was n't to defend sweden . 
  nato responds to russian flights over the baltic sea on their own accord . 
  when the danish planes launched from lithuania they did n't know the destination of the russian planes . 
  even if sweden would have responded , nato 's planes would still have launched . 
  the response from sweden was very poor , but given the extremely low chance of an attack it does n't make economic sense to keep fighters ready for instant take-off 24/7 . 
  the flight from saint petersburg to stockholm only takes ~ 20 minutes at top speed so there is n't much time to scramble a response . 
  the only logical solution is that we instead rely on nato to defend us , and this obviously means we should be members of nato . 
  to a large extent we already are , as we take part of a lot of their exercises and missions in afghanistan , libya , etc. 
  actually formally joining nato is difficult to solve in terms of internal politics , politicians are n't willing to bet an election on something like that . 
  i 'm not saying clients would prefer seeing an illegal prostitute , i 'm saying most would stop going to prostitutes altogether . 
  the green party knows this , and it 's exactly what they want . 
  for someone that hires a prostitute twice a week on tuesdays and fridays and is completely open about it , getting a clean bill of health regularly would just be a nuisance . 
  however , this is n't the average client . 
  there are a lot of tourists and people who just do it every once in a while when they 're visiting frankfurt/berlin or something like that . 
  for these people setting up and going to a doctor 's appointment would be too high of a barrier . 
  there 's also still somewhat of a stigma associated with it . 
  a lot of people would be ashamed going to a doctor and saying `` i need a checkup because i 'm going to hire a prostitute '' . 
  this will effectively reduce legal prostitution by 99 % . 
  if they want to criminalize prostitution they should just say so instead of trying to hide it with something like this . 
  it 's dishonest . 
  he was a worldnews mod until qqyh2 removed him , supposedly because of his abuse of powers in / r/canada where qqyh2 is also the top mod . 
  while this is true in theory , since / u/theskynet wants to keep him the three below him could not remove / u/davidreiss666 without invoking the wrath of / u/theskynet . 
  they would be removed as moderators and / u/davidreiss666 reinstated . 
  as / u/jeresig and / u/kitestramuort is inactive the only real option left is / u/raerth , who as far as i know has n't spoken on the issue . 
  edit : scrub that , apparently he 's raerth 's buddy , see http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/19u7o5/new_mods_for_reurope/c8rcagv, 
  it 's also possible that countryside jobs like mining , foresting and farming is more physical and therefore attract more men . 
  this would be nice to have , but we 're at least 50 years from being able to afford it , and the money is currently better spent helping the third world . 
  i 'm not even convinced that 's what they mean . 
  you might have to make it :  speak no dutch , french or english * at home * . 
  the point you 're missing is that trains going from valencia to barcelona will not go past madrid .
