  the comment section was filled with comments who , without any evidence whatsoever , immediately blamed the muslims . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what you mean by no evidence . 
  mainstream media like the guardian will rarely publish identities or say anything about the race or religion of criminals . 
  that does n't mean the information is n't out there . 
  this guy , http://gaelle.hautetfort.com/archive/2010/02/20/mahamadou-doucoure-etait-deja-accuse-de-viols-collectifs.html ( in french but google translate works good enough ) was the leader of the gang . 
  most posts in the comment thread here on reddit is actually keeping a decent tone . 
  except your ones of course . 
  you immediately accuse people who say they were muslims of being racists and bigots . 
  why are people assuming they are muslims bigots , but when you assume people say that without knowing it you 're not ? 
  i 'm not gon na talk much about / r/atheism , except to say that it 's mostly a humor subreddit . 
  you might not like their jokes , but the subreddit is n't really meant to be taken seriously . 
  regarding flashback.org , it has definitely not been taken over by an anti-islamic circlejerk . 
  the forums has something like a hundred sections , and only a few are dominated by these people . 
  maybe you hang out in those sections all day getting trolled , but the rest of the forums are very healthy and sometimes interesting ( the lack of a post voting system hurts after using reddit though ) . 
  the sections that have been overrun are in a pretty terrible state , i 'll agree on that . 
  the issue , as others in this thread have pointed out , is that it 's impossible to debate immigration in public without risking your reputation and career . 
  this has the very obvious and natural result of making these people shy away and stick to each other instead . 
  this is definitely a problem , but it is not the fault of the racists or the people who are just against immigration . 
  the problem lies with the way the establishment drives these people away and the mainstream media shames them into the shadows . 
  once they are only among themselves , they will never be exposed to any differing opinions and slowly circlejerk themselves deeper and deeper until they are no longer even receptive to anything else . 
   this sort of behaviour is extremely devastating , since it makes it completely impossible to hold civilized discussions . 
  and i feel that it is in a similar direction that this subreddit is heading , when anybody who posts anti-muslim propaganda is celebrated , and anyone who opposes , regardless of how constructive or rational they are , get downvoted . 
  the thing with votes on reddit is that they are never indicative of the entire userbase . 
  they only represent the views of people who came to the comments section . 
  if you feel a particular thread has become too racist-circlejerky , just downvote everything and move on . 
  if a bunch of anti-islamists are arguing in a thread and you jump in and say `` hey guys stop being so racist and anti-islamic '' , what do you think is going to happen . 
  most likely these people do n't identify themselves as racists ( i wo n't pass judgment on who 's right ) so they 're going to downvote you for calling them that . 
  if someone called you a racist you would downvote them too . 
  of course in the end there 's also going to be some sensible people coming along the thread , but they 'll also downvote you just because you complain about downvotes all the fucking time . 
  just let people vote however they feel man , it 's really the only democracy we have on reddit . 
   we must be better at distinguishing propaganda from something that actually holds a value for a discussion . 
  of course we should discuss islam , if it is relevant . 
  the protests against the muhammed video held discussional value . 
  but we should n't just post videos of muslims being generally stupid like the above mentioned video . 
  it contributes nothing and serves only to damage the quality of the subreddit . 
  i 'm pretty sure islam is very relevant to this thread , but still you keep posting asking people not to discuss here . 
  why not take one of the very few chances you will get at actually discussing with some of the more rational anti-islamists when you get it ? 
  where else should we discuss it ? 
  clearly the riot video comments thread is no good , and it 's not like you posted even one islam discussion thread . 
  you 're also free to post videos of muslims acting exemplary , so why not do that instead of whining about everyone else 's posts ? 
  cap exists to ensure we have a local food supply in case a change in the political or natural circumstances prevents us from buying food from outside the eu . 
  you could of course argue that this is n't a good enough reason or that the system needs to be reformed . 
  what ? 
  sweden meet all of the criteria except for not having pegged our currency to the euro . 
  if we wanted the euro there 's not really anything stopping us , but right now it does n't seem like a great idea . 
  if you keep the debt constant you 're ok , but if it 's just the deficit that is constant you 're not . 
  the problem is that it 's not really possible to disconnect interest payments from the rest of the budget like that . 
  if you borrow money you can buy something that generates a profit , and if you then ignore interest payments you will obviously have a structural surplus . 
  this does n't mean that the economy is healthy or that all would be well if it were n't for that previously accumulated debt . 
  nothing you said detracts from his point at all , even if it 's true . 
  excluding interest payments from the budget makes very little sense exactly because you can borrow money and buy something that generates a profit . 
  it 's not illegal to fire someone who is pregnant , it 's illegal to fire someone because they are pregnant . 
  this sounds a lot like an urban myth/conspiracy theory . 
   edit : also surprised to see that spanish is the most popular third language in sweden . 
  any reason for this ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers is a big of the reason i suppose . 
  german and french ( the other two nationally available options ) are n't really spoken much outside germany and france . 
  there 's also a perception that spanish is the easiest choice , but i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  agreed , but you should still not use it in arguments . 
  it 's not a strong point and to most people it indicates racism . 
  we were n't exactly discussing a specific study in these hypothetical dialogs so i wo n't fault ajuc for it , but if we were this would be the one : http://www.bra.se/download/18.cba82f7130f475a2f1800012697/2005_17_brottslighet_bland_personer_fodda_sverige_och_utlandet.pdf it 's in swedish , so not sure if you can read it . 
  basically , on page 40 it 's determined that that after controlling for standard factors the overrepresentation decreases from 2.5 to 2.1 for people born abroad ( in any country ) . 
  they do n't go into any more detail than that , but it 's also worth noting that overrepresentation is higher for violent crimes like aggravated assault and robbery , and it 's significantly higher for some regions like africa and western/south central asia . 
  this is a very good point , i can totally see the conversation going that way also . 
  in one case we have an intelligent anti-immigrant and a stupid anti-racist , and in the other case we have an intelligent anti-racist and a stupid anti-immigrant ( or even racist ) . 
  i 've probably been on both sides of the argument myself depending on who i 'm talking to . 
  one of the problems in today 's politics is that the established parties are completely unable or unwilling to counter the argument of the intellectual anti-immigrants . 
  their only tactic seem to be circlejerking about the evil racists rather than explaining why they 're wrong , or even accepting that there is n't a right or wrong but mostly a difference in opinions . 
  most societies would gladly dump their criminals somewhere else to get rid of them , but there 's really no one that would accept them . 
  people who are citizens are the only ones that it 's possible to get rid of . 
  concerning changes in immigration policy , individual cases like this does not make a whole lot of difference . 
  things like this mostly affect the emotional side of the argument . 
  anti-immigrant parties often try to use it to gain votes , but the traditional parties do exactly the same thing in other areas . 
  just like this case is not a reason to change immigration policy , one person getting screwed over by social services or the irs does n't mean a system change is needed . 
  no , it is most definitely not . 
   racism is generally defined as actions , practices , or beliefs that reflect the racial worldview : the ideology that humans are divided into separate and exclusive biological entities called `` races '' . 
  this ideology entails the belief that members of a race share a set of characteristic traits , abilities , or qualities , that traits of personality , intellect , morality , and other cultural behavioral characteristics are inherited , and that this inheritance means that races can be ranked as innately superior or inferior to others . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] the key to racism is basically that you dislike people because of their genes and not based on their opinions or actions . 
  nothing in his statement indicates that is his world view . 
  `` racist '' : did you miss the fact that the exact study we 're discussing actually controlled for this kind of socioeconomic factors , or did you just ignore it ? . 
  also , i did n't mention anything whatsoever about culture , yet again it 's the other side bringing these things up . 
  typical exchange : `` racist '' : immigrants commit much more crimes than swedes . 
  `` anti-racist '' : and you also think they are inferior and degenerate because their skin is brown , right ? 
  `` racist '' : no , i just think that they commit more crimes , probably because they were raised with different values and ethics than swedes . 
  we should try to educate and enlighten immigrants more so we can avoid things like this . 
  `` anti-racist '' : shut up and go to hell racist . 
  who 's that ? 
  i would just like to add that this was not a passer-by . 
  he followed the man off the train with the intention of robbing him , sat next to him on the bench trying to take the stuff out of his pockets , and finally when the man started walking around to get away from him and fell on the track he jumped down to rob him and leave him there . 
  not sure if this ( http://www.tv3play.se/play/281429 ) video is available outside of sweden , but it shows some of what happened before . 
  this ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy9znfo7fuo&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=55s ) also shows a little bit more . 
  edit : a man believed to be the one in the videos have now been arrested by the police . 
  two additional men have been arrested for protecting him . 
  it 's apparently pretty difficult to hide in sweden when hundreds of thousands share the videos on facebook and probably half the population were given the chance to recognize him . 
  worth noting is also that 25-30 % of crimes shown in this program are generally solved . 
  i think he meant more in terms of the general population . 
  for example in sweden i think less than 20 % even know about the possibility of a split , and the vast majority of those do n't really care . 
  even if it would affect us somehow regarding kosovo or what not , no one has even tried to explain these effects to the population in terms we can understand . 
  you 're technically correct , but graphs over the usd/euro ratio looks almost exactly the same . 
  for reference , this is the euro 's exchange rate index for the same period : http://imgur.com/fflfl,
