  `` steadily '' `` few days '' & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; to be more serious , all of the rise happened on september 6th , because the european central bank announced an aggressive bond-buying program to stop the spread of the euro zone 's debt crisis . 
  considering it 's also four top ten spots , that seems like cherry-picking . 
  i mean `` top six '' , really ? 
  nothing is wrong with saying it , but paul krugman keeps writing articles about it pretty much every week . 
  he just goes on and on about how failed it is and how much better the dollar is , and eventually i get tired hearing the same thing over and over . 
  paul krugman hating on europe ? 
  feels like last week , and every week this decennium . 
  i 'm not sure why you would consider something that already exists in the majority of european countries unacceptable . 
  if you 'll let me play the devil 's advocate for a minute , that seems very similar to sweden . 
  there is a `` far right '' party that got 5.7 % of the votes last election . 
  they 're branded as racists and xenophobes by all the mainstream media and political parties , but if you actually look at their policies on immigration they 're not all that unreasonable . 
  everyone might not agree with them , and they certainly have a lot of weird policies in other areas , but it 's not very extremist and it 's undeniably more center-left than far right ( let 's not go deeper than that into swedish politics in this thread please ) . 
  then there 's a news site , avpixlat.info , that tries to provide the other side of the story . 
  that site gets similarly branded as racist propaganda for the political party . 
  the mainstream media does their best to publicly persecute anyone who gives the slightest hint of supporting the sweden democrats , ruining careers to the left and right , getting people harassed and threatened for their political opinions . 
  meanwhile , every time avpixlat.info publishes the name of left-wing extremists that are actually being violent both against their opponents and the police , they 're called a threat to democracy . 
  i will admit that offering money for personal information seems a bit shady , but it also seems that the police is doing absolutely nothing to stop the threats and harassment against jobbik sympathizers . 
  they probably feel that exposing people is the only way to stop these attacks . 
  again , without a way to read the actual content published on kurac.info , it does n't seem too far-fetched that it 's simply hungary 's equivalent to avpixlat.info rather than some criminal neo-nazi menace . 
  can you elaborate on why that would automatically follow ? 
  the figure is wrong for sweden . 
  it says $ 191b while the actual number is ~ $ 160b . 
  i 'd assume it 's equally inaccurate for other countries . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that only a very tiny minority here `` knows a bit '' about hungarian politics . 
  very few people have probably heard of the site or the owner before . 
  the fact that neither the site itself nor any objective descriptions of it are available in english leaves us completely without context , so i 'm not really sure what we 're supposed to take away from this or what the point of posting it is . 
  seems like an improvement to the current mess . 
  mostly everyone does , but it 's important to realize that the terms offered in 1947 are no longer a realistic goal today . 
  what it comes down to in the end is that no people ever have an intrinsic right to a land , it 's rather the `` possession is nine tenths of the law '' principle that more closely resembles reality . 
  whoever is in military control of a piece of land is the one who has the right to it . 
  palestinians need to realize how much is realistic to ask for given their current situation ( probably nothing near jerusalem at all ) and then stick to that without further violence . 
  it should be noted that i think israel is also acting in extremely bad faith by aggressively building settlements on occupied , contested ground . 
  for what seems to be very little gain it completely ruins any chance of peace . 
  it seems obvious that it can not really be about space to build homes , but is rather a political statement and a way of gradually pushing palestinians out of the areas . 
  my personal opinion is that they are probably trying to make neighboring states finally assimilate the palestinians . 
  i think there is a lot of diplomatic points to be gained for whoever seizes these ridiculous actions . 
  if palestinians had n't attacked israel for the last 10-15 years the international pressure on israel would be tremendous and you might be able to force through a favourable two state solution . 
  at the same time , if israel had n't built any new settlements during that period and treated palestinians better the opinion would have swung the other way . 
  whether or not a solution is fair is usually subjective . 
  for example the [ 1947 two state solution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1947_un_partition_plan ) seems fair to me and was accepted by both the un and the jewish leaders , but was rejected by palestinians and arabs who at that point was sure they would win in a war against israel . 
  a lot of the more recent problems with the two state solution pertains who will get the temple mount on their land . 
  in my opinion it 's pretty clear that the palestinians are in no position to make their acceptance of a solution conditional on that any more , but it seems like if they ca n't get the temple mount , they 'd rather try to fight it out and hope to be helped/rescued by arab states . 
  honest question : why would christians feel more affinity with jews than with muslims ? 
  both are different religions but are based around roughly the same area and believe in the same god . 
  both sides have been acting retarded basically since forever . 
  yes , this includes palestinians too . 
   so you can see that the eu is miles ahead of the us by being more unbiased towards the conflict . 
  no , what we see is that eu opinion is closer to your own . 
  this could mean that they 're less biased , or that they 're simply more biased in your direction . 
  it 's obvious that you are already 100 % sure that the palestinians are right and that israel is evil . 
  10 years ago ( when i was young and naive i guess ) , i believed a two state solution was the best option , but at this point i think the only viable alternative is that the arab states assimilate the palestinians and give them citizenships . 
  there have been reasonable two-state solutions that was rejected by the palestinians . 
  israel are n't the only ones opposed to a two state solution . 
  really ? 
  47 % of the eu budget is n't enough ? 
  they want to spend even more money because european farmers ca n't compete with imports ? 
  yeah , but the price converted to euro does n't change with the swedish currency . 
  if the krona is weak compared to the euro gas will be expensive in kronas and if it 's strong it will be cheap in kronas , but either way the price in euros does n't change . 
  since the prices in the article is given in euros both for finland and for sweden , it should n't change at all really . 
  i doubt the front page would be littered with them actually , since i and probably many others would downvote every single article in french and german before it got to that point . 
  but yeah , terrible idea . 
  how many us athletes had a chance at a medal but was not top3 in us ? 
  but british athletes met the requirements of all events they participated in anyway ( except for water polo and handball ) . 
  not sure exactly how their ( former ) political opinions influence their work . 
  should people who have been members of the communist party also be excluded from the police force ? 
  while the smokers may not be convinced , the non-smokers most certainly are . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time i got home with ruined clothes since the swedish ban was put in place . 
  you could say the same thing about any profession . 
  let 's stop giving police bulletproof vests because hey , they voluntarily became police anyway . 
  taxi prices with the respectable companies are n't that bad . 
  500ish crows to anywhere within city limits . 
  if you are 3 or more adults it 's often the best alternative . 
  cool , thanks a lot . 
  are all of these california companies ? 
  is there a good way of finding out how many non-california ones there were ? 
  yes . 
  but if 52 fortune 500 companies created before 1950 merge into 26 companies that are still in the fortune 500 , it 's misleading to say that those 26 were created after 1975 . 
  now there are obviously a bunch of real startups in the list such as google , ebay and amazon , but as the article gives absolutely no sources it 's very hard to verify its claims . 
  the article gives no source or list of companies included in those 26 . 
  i 'm suspecting it also includes a number of mergers . 
  i do n't get it . 
  are you asking why we 're not kicking out the most powerful nation by far from an alliance ? 
  because we want usa on our side if we go to war . 
  go away troll . 
  she does n't represent a whole country when posting on her twitter account . 
  if she had said it in interviews from the london games it would have been a different story . 
  there seems to also be that , thank you . 
  seems rather weird that he would be so quick to violence though , given how unwilling he seems to be to defend his girlfriend in the video . 
  he just does the odd punch and push while letting them attack her inbetween . 
  in his defense he seems to be just as drunk as the perpetrators . 
  the twitter thingie is completely fucked up , i agree with that . 
  i was just talking about the left article . 
  in the interests of civility , i will point out that there 's little reason to believe that `` it was their first time drunk '' had anything to do with the judgment , but it was rather the fact that the victim was n't seriously injured and the fact that they had no criminal record . 
  she was elected on the explicit premise that she would not take a position on other matters . 
  as the pirate party is neutral on a left-to-right scale she would be disloyal to half of her constituents if she did . 
  to further add on this , - dotter names are quite uncommon while - son names are extremely common as at the time of the switch from patronymics to family names it was unheard of that a man would take a woman 's last name at marriage . 
  so unheard of that it seems more likely she 's actually of islandic heritage . 
  well , that depends on how you look at it . 
  it 's not that being opposed to the eu or the euro by itself makes them malicious . 
  it 's that they 're not using the available democratic channels to oppose it but instead try to handicap the eu by sabotaging it from within .
