  they will use the existing rails for that part . 
  all of the routes in your maps already have existing rails . 
  the question they ask when deciding this is `` what routes would benefit most from a high-speed upgrade ? '', 
  this is the conclusion they arrived at . 
  it 's not a porn ban , stop spamming this shit . 
  this can be a problem yes , but i do n't think it happens as much in the it industry as it does elsewhere . 
  speaking swedish well is important , but at least at my company no one would give a shit about your name , religion or birthplace . 
  that depends on the company . 
  it 's possible to get a programming job as an english only speaker , everyone speaks english and i 've been in several meetings where we switch to english when there 's a non-native present . 
  still , it would n't work everywhere and requirements would be significantly higher . 
  you better have some specific knowledge to make up for your lack of swedish . 
  my description would only be valid if you spoke swedish , agreed . 
  not my experience at all . 
  in sweden it 's more like : * no experience needed , straight out of school is fine ( even if you did n't actually graduate ) . 
  anyone remotely qualified will get an interview where they make sure you know how to code and can handle yourself in social situations . 
  * no specific language knowledge needed as long as you seem to have general programming knowledge ( generally people will have java or c++ plus some web programming experience just because . 
  * 40 hour flexible work week . 
  if requested to work overtime , get paid for each hour . 
  * salary : maybe $ 2500 for the first 6 months of trial employment , then if they like you enough to give a permanent position you 'll get $ 3000 . 
  i 've been working for about a year now , and if i for some reason needed to find a new job , i would have no problem getting 10 offers in 2 weeks . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be created by a loan , but let 's run with that anyway . 
  the point is that there can only be one person at a time with the money in his hand . 
  only one person can use the money . 
  the person who temporarily had $ 111 before depositing them in the bank ca n't use them . 
  the person who lent the $ 111 in the first place can also not use them . 
  the only person who can actually use any of the money is the one who ends up borrowing the $ 100 in the end . 
  there are different kinds of money . 
  there are some ways to count money that leads to banks being able to create money , but that is not the definition of money that most people associate with . 
  pretty much everyone that complains about the fact that banks can create money has misunderstood what kind of money banks can create . 
  this kind of money creation is not limited to banks or even the fractional reserve banking system , we could also create money simply by lending money to each other . 
  i doubt that 's what he 's talking about , it 's probably the `` fractional reserve banking let 's banks create money '' bullshit that conspiracy theorists keep going on about . 
  regarding the federal reserve loans , there are good reasons why some but not all actors on the financial market have access to them . 
  that 's not what i said , it 's not even remotely related to what i said , and it 's not true . 
  for example , the bills in my pocket is not on the central bank balance sheet . 
  but if i 'll infer that what you are actually talking about is the money that banks `` create '' when they place money in people 's accounts for a loan . 
  they put $ 100 in your account and track that you owe them $ 100 . 
  this money is n't directly related to any physical $ 100 bill or $ 100 specifically borrowed from the central bank ( on their balance sheet ? ), 
  however , to be able to lend that $ 100 , someone else must have deposited roughly $ 111 in the bank to allow the bank to re-lend $ 100 of it . 
  the fact that the bank can easily add money to people 's accounts is just a matter of convenience , not a way to create money . 
  the $ 100 never becomes $ 500 , that 's the thing . 
  when you deposit $ 100 into a bank , you no longer have that money . 
  the bank , or whoever they lend parts of it to , have the money . 
  in order to use the money , you have to withdraw it from the bank , and the bank has to take back money it has lent to others in order to get back to an acceptable reserve percent . 
  the same $ 100 gets shuffled around to a lot of people , but it never actually becomes $ 500 . 
  money is not created out of thin air in fractional reserve banking . 
  that popular claim basically boils down to that if i have $ 100 and lend it to you , now we both have $ 100 , which is pretty laughable . 
  your post only shows that your understanding is as flawed as grillo 's . 
  so with the new system , bankers will make shitloads of money even when their companies are n't even profitable . 
  sounds much better ... 
  what ? 
  it does n't say anything even remotely like that . 
  they can only charge conversion fees if you select `` i want to be charged in my own currency '' . 
  if you let them charge in the local currency your bank will do the currency exchange for a much more reasonable rate and the atm owner gets nothing . 
  yes , but there 's no online stores that require cash , obviously . 
  they all use international online payment systems . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  what 's the problem with credit/debit cards ? 
  you enter some numbers and it transfers money directly from your account to the vendors account . 
  how much better than that could it get ? 
  yes they are ? 
  i 'm pretty sure jet fuel prices are the same though , and i doubt any team traveled by bus . 
  repost from less than two days ago ... http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/179loq/thirteen_cities_to_host_uefa_euro_2020/, 
  it 's basically some kind of revenge for sverigedemokraterna getting into the parliament . 
  the entire graphic is from 2010 and show lithuania in the 55-65 range , so that seems to match your data . 
  there 's also a difference between how many people used it in the first quarter and how many people use it at least once per week . 
  6 years ago ? 
  why is it relevant now ? 
   ewl cites sweden as a successful example , saying that street prostitution had halved there since paying for sex was outlawed a decade ago . 
  you know what else happened during those 10 years , that could possible have been a more important factor ? 
  the internet . 
  but more importantly , you need to accept that prostitution is bad before this makes any sense at all . 
  if we have n't event agreed that prostitution is bad , sweden is no longer a successful example . 
  the identities of two of the arrested boys was published on the swedish internet forum flashback.org . 
  this is of course not 100 % confirmation but in general it tends to be very reliable in cases like this . 
  sources are swedish people living in amsterdam with local contacts . 
  it was most definitely after the match and not during , but you are correct in that the headline is a bit misleading . 
  it makes it sound like he was kicked until his heart stopped beating , but he was actually able to go home by himself afterwards and the brain injuries were discovered later . 
  obviously still very serious but maybe not as traumatic for the son as if he was beaten to death on the spot . 
  incorrect . 
  one of them was antillean , one was turkish , and the last one was probably moroccan but his identity has not been confirmed . 
  the turkish and moroccan guy are probably muslim but the antillean guy is almost certainly christian . 
  there was three people involved . 
  one of them was antillean , so definitely not muslim . 
  the second one was turkish , so a muslim . 
  the third one was probably from morocco ( unconfirmed ) , so could also be either christian or muslim . 
  rt has always been controlled by the russian government but when reporting on things unrelated to russia they 're relatively unbiased and better than most american media . 
  this builds up trust and goodwill for when they want to use it as a propaganda tool on russian issues like crimea/ukraine . 
  this is the actual numbers : a woman is wholly or partly responsible for the rape if she : * acted flirtatiously - 45 % * drank too much - 43 % * ** dresses provocatively - 37 % ** * does n't say a clear no - 37 % * is in a deserted place - 35 % * slept with too many men - 28 % ( possibly some slight mistranslations ) so the actual number is 37 % , the title says one third , and your title is 50 % . 
  how is that anything but a lie . 
  it says one third , not 50 % . 
  it 's in the title of the article ffs . 
  while they do n't exactly get free cars , getting to a country like sweden is sort of like winning the lottery . 
  this is what happens to a syrian refugee that makes it to sweden : 1 . 
  get housed in a receiving facility for 6 months or so . 
  not exactly glorious , but you are given housing , food , clothes , healthcare/dental care . 
  your kids will start going to school immediately . 
  after 6 months or so when the immigration authority gets to your case you are automatically given a permanent residency permit as entire syria is a dangerous war zone . 
  at this point your close relatives that have n't made it to sweden can maybe even get help getting there . 
  the immigration authority will provide for you for at least 2 years , give you somewhere to live and money to pay rent/food/necessities / etc. 
  you will also receive education in language and professional skills and help getting a job .
