  they 're not a medical taxi that has an obligation go out of their way to fly people who are n't even in an immediately life threatening condition . 
  they certainly could have to avoid a bit of bad pr , but meh . 
  if you know that you could get called in to an operation in madrid with only a few hours notice , you should probably hang out close to madrid . 
  calling this a `` loan '' is mostly just pr . 
  we do n't actually expect to get anything back . 
  the loan will be remitted in a decade or two . 
  if i do it 's only once per week , which is not enough to warrant taking up that much space . 
  it 's not like it 's hard to find in the first place . 
  i do n't know the laws for all european countries , but in sweden you are allowed to use force to prevent theft of property , to prevent unlawful entry or to remove someone from your home if they refuse to leave . 
  just like in the us , lethal force is harder to justify and generally require a risk for death or serious bodily harm . 
  just like in the us , there 's no explicit requirement to flee rather than engage . 
  the difference is mainly in the actual risk from a burglary . 
  burglaries in occupied homes are incredibly rare in sweden , and you would not generally expect a burglar to be armed with a gun . 
  for that reason , killing them is often unnecessary and unjustifiable . 
  in the us the risk to yourself during a burglary is much greater , so it can be reasonable to shoot an intruder on sight before he has a chance to shoot you . 
  i disagree that stand your ground laws are the cause of the high levels of violence in the us and i think that the stand your ground concept is much more common than you think in countries other than the us . 
  the laws surrounding that are similar in europe and the us . 
  if you are going to kill someone in the us and get away with it , you must `` reasonably believe the intruder intends to inflict serious bodily harm or death upon an occupant of the home '' . 
  the specifics of each case is up to court to decide , but there 's no blanket license to kill people inside your home . 
  the swedish law says the following on self defense :  an act committed by a person in self-defence constitutes a crime only if , having regard to the nature of the aggression , the importance of its object and the circumstances in general , it is clearly unjustifiable . 
  a right to act in self-defence exists against ,  1 . an initiated or imminent criminal attack on a person or property , 2 . a person who violently or by the threat of violence or in some other way obstructs the repossession of property when caught in the act , 3 . a person who has unlawfully forced or is attempting to force entry into a room , house , yard or vessel , or 4 . a person who refuses to leave a dwelling when ordered to do so . 
  ( law 1994:458 ) so you are allowed to use violence to prevent theft of your property , to prevent someone from entering your home or to get someone out of your home . 
  to decide whether the violence is `` clearly unjustifiable '' , all the circumstances are taken into account . 
  this includes to possibility of fleeing , but the `` supreme court '' has ruled on several occasions that it 's up to the victim if he wants to run or engage . 
  this could be likened to a `` stand your ground '' law . 
  similar to the us , lethal force is harder to justify than non-lethal force . 
  we do though ? 
  if you are attacked you are allowed to defend yourself , including with lethal force . 
  the problem is that the ban should : * only apply to inedible objects small enough to pose a swallowing risk . 
  * only apply to products not labeled with the `` dangerous to children under 3 years because of small parts '' . 
  also , the fact that kinder eggs are banned but [ this is allowed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gqxapfi.jpg ) is a bit silly . 
  just like ddr means gdr then ? 
  the native term was cccp though ... 
  they never violate swedish airspace , at least not yet . 
  they fly toward us but turn when they reach the border and fly alongside it for a while . 
  i guess i have no idea why they 're called far right then ... 
  no it 's not even that really . 
  on the left-right spectrum in terms of taxation levels and wealth redistribution , they 're in the center of the swedish parties or maybe even a bit left . 
  the only reason they 're called far right is that historically nazi/fascist/nationalist parties have been actually far right . 
  the average ( median ? ), 
  person maybe does n't own their home . 
  also , if you borrow $ 10k and buy a house for it , your wealth is still $ 0 . 
  not likely at all until the spring budget vote , and even then it 's up to the parties in the alliance if they want to kill the government 's budget . 
  the breakdown of the explicit agreement does n't necessarily mean they 'll force a snap election . 
   this also opens up for the opposition to shut down the goverment in specific cases togheter with sd like s did against the alliance a few years ago . 
  you argued against this though ? 
  it 's not unsustainable at all , the budget with the majority support would always win , the one closes to what the people voted for . 
  i 'm not sure why it would cost you votes either , i 'm sure the voters would rather that you vote for the similar budget than one that go completely against their opinion . 
  in general i can see why the other 3 alliance parties would n't want to let the moderate party completely dictate the budget , which is why they 've presented a joint proposal in the past that they 've negotiated and agreed upon . 
   no , it 's a kind of rite , really . 
  you vote for your own budget in the first vote , to show that you do n't want to do things the way the government does it , then if that fails , you abstain . 
  i mean , you certainly can do it this way if you want to , but the most logical way is to vote for the budget that is closest to what you want . 
  if you are given a choice between one budget that you hate and a budget very close to your own , why would you abstain ? 
  if they did n't want their budget proposal to win , why did they vote for it ? 
  they could have just abstained . 
  they knew what they were doing . 
  for this upcoming budget vote each of the alliance parties have submitted their own budget proposals . 
  they will vote for their own proposals which will be voted out one by one , and then abstain when other budgets remain in accordance to the recently created standard . 
  eventually there will only be two proposals left , the government 's and the one from the moderate party . 
  as only the moderate party and possibly the sweden democrats will vote for that proposal , the government 's proposal will win . 
  so realistically this changes nothing until the spring vote where the alliance could submit a joint proposal . 
  they might still submit 4 different proposals though , to prevent either of them from winning . 
  worth noting is that this will have little effect in the upcoming budget vote , as the parties have already submitted their budgets . 
  it could possibly change something for the spring budget vote . 
   d\u00d6 only included the budget vote , not regular votes . 
  not exactly . 
  the participants were also not allowed to break smaller things out of the budget and vote specifically on that part . 
  you 're right that for non-budget issues they could do what they wanted . 
  why should they not be allowed to vote for whichever budget proposal they want to ? 
  how is that a `` stunt '' ? 
  i read 10 and 6 , but i guess you 're correct since they were originally seized 4 years ago . 
  i was unable to find any information about that , but i would guess that those children were significantly younger . 
  to convict someone of a crime you need to prove their guilt beyond reasonable doubt which means close to 100 % certainty . 
  to even charge them of it the prosecutor needs to think there 's a chance of a conviction . 
  so even if you think there 's a 50 % chance the father is sexually abusing the children , you 're nowhere near certain enough to prosecute him . 
  social services approach the problem from a different angle . 
  they look at the welfare of the kids and deem it unacceptable to let them live with parents when there 's a 50 % chance they 're being sexually abused . 
  i 'm not up to date on this particular case , but it can be very reasonable to place children in foster care even without a criminal conviction against the parents . 
  the cps could have brought a translator , but if both parties speak norwegian i can understand not wanting to spend money on that . 
  i also doubt they 'll suddenly stop speaking czech just because they ca n't practice it often . 
  the wifi have been practically useless every time i 've tried it . 
  athens - rome is around 1300km . 
  from what i can tell you can get it as low as ~ $ 70 if you do n't care at all about dates/times , but if you 're looking for specific dates and especially if you are just going over a weekend , you will likely spend somewhere around $ 100-150 . 
  the first us trip i tried of a similar distance was new york - chicago . 
  prices for this route seems to start at ~ $ 90 , though if you want to pick specific dates or go over a weekend you 're looking at something like $ 150 . 
  so there is possibly a slight disparity in price but it 's quite similar overall . 
  saying it is `` extremely expensive '' in the us is simply not true . 
  if you 're looking at a route where ryan air does not have a direct connection you probably have to pay a bit more , and it 's likely that the us flights include a bit more in their price compared to ryan air . 
  he did n't attack the swedish minister with a knife , he sprayed him with a fire extinguisher . 
  i do n't know , i like how the usage of `` works '' in both clauses adds some rhetorical emphasis . 
   you ca n't seriously believe that that works . 
  that 's the exact same argument someone might use if he accuses someone of rape or murder . 
  `` well , if the public hates him , maybe he should 've done a better job of pointing out that i was making it up '' . 
  i 'm not saying it works , i 'm saying that 's how democracy works . 
  there are all sorts of problems with trying to legislate what people are allowed to say to win an election . 
  if you made lying illegal the candidates would constantly be trying to sue each other for telling lies and every election would turn into a legal case where whoever has the best lawyers can say what they want and others have to stay quiet . 
   besides all of that ; it 's a ridiculous argument to be making in the first place . 
  the opponent should n't have to expose lies in the first place . 
  these people are supposed to be your leaders . 
  you 're supposed to hold them to a higher fucking standard than that .
