  i do hold them to a higher standard , i hold them accountable by not casting my vote on them . 
  that one vote is the power i get , and others are free to do the same with their vote or to not care and vote for liars . 
  that 's simply how a democracy works , you ca n't be trying to legislate what people are allowed to vote for . 
  who exactly was defamed in this case ? 
  what did they say that was defamation ? 
   how the fuck do you expect to maintain a proper democracy when you let politicians get away with blatantly lying about things ? 
  typically the politician 's opponents will try to win the elections by exposing the lies and showing what 's wrong with the argument . 
  so what happens if she simply does n't show up ? 
  it certainly implies something . 
  if i read in a biography or article that jane doe gave birth to her first child , i will of course assume that the child was alive and that it was n't a miscarriage . 
  if demographical information says that there were 100k births and 80k deaths during a specific period , i will assume that was 100k live births because dead births are n't useful to that kind of statistic . 
  there might be some circumstances where distinguishing between `` live births '' and `` births '' is necessary , but in most cases they mean the same thing . 
  in theory saying `` live birth '' can be useful to differentiate from miscarriages and abortions that could also be considered `` births '' under some circumstances . 
  generally we just say `` births '' though and it 's implied that this only includes babies born alive . 
  i 'm not sure what living birth is supposed to mean . 
  until you cut them down and burn them for energy ... 
  that just means you 're used to the current system and that changing it to a new system would make you less efficient ( at least temporarily ) and that you 'd have to relearn some things . 
  it 's not really applicable to when you build a new reactor as no one would be used to the new system . 
  that 's mostly just because of a shitty user interface though . 
  you can make visual indicators with digital systems too . 
  the point is that if your argument is so weak that you have to ban people from opposing it , it raises serious doubts as to whether you were right in the first place . 
  people who have their opinions banned will just feel persecuted and oppose you even more . 
  you 're talking about discrimination , which is a different thing from racism . 
   why is racism illegal it is n't , for the most part . 
   why are hate crimes their own category of crime they should n't be . 
  so why ca n't you just prove them wrong when they lie ? 
  banning this speech is not going to go away . 
  do you think that we should ban the opinion that the moon landings were fake or that the government did 9/11 ? 
  what signal would that send to anti-government conspiracy theorists ? 
  false advertising has very much to do with free speech . 
  legislation regarding false advertising is a restriction on free speech , just like legislation regarding threats , copyright and hate speech is . 
  their feelings get hurt . 
  hmm , maybe you 're right , i was reading it wrong i think . 
  i doubt the referendum itself will be suspended . 
  feasible and believable does not mean true . 
  there 's no legal basis to suspend it by force of law , but it can be suspended by mutual agreement between campaigns ( which has happened at this point ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , even the c/d versions had better t/w ratio than planes like f-18 and f-35 . 
  statutory rape have lower sentences in most countries . 
  the difference is mostly just that our laws are so much better than theirs , in many areas which is not just about personal preference . 
  he tweets in french generally , but his location is listed as paris/athens . 
  i suspect they just looked at the location of the twitter account from the api . 
  not in sweden , no . 
  being in the army is a pretty decent gig as long as there 's no war . 
  would surely suck to die though . 
  quite a few of the cases where great britain lost in the past was over cases of torture . 
  one of the main reasons for leaving it is so you can deport suspected terrorists that will be tortured . 
  well this just gets back to the ancient problem of left-right scale and how a communist party that is racist is somehow extreme right because racism automatically puts you there . 
  anyone who says the effects are `` already evident '' is bullshitting . 
  well , the house of lords is n't elected at all . 
  it 's not like a lot of the nobles appointed there are women . 
  in the end the power lies with the parliament anyway . 
  65 % of turkish cypriots voted for the referendum but only 25 % of greek cypriots , so if the deal was fair someone managed to convince the greeks that it was n't . 
  you can of course argue that cyprus played the eu to get better unification terms once they were members , but that 's pretty speculative . 
  in addition to what the39thpotato wrote , there 's also the cyprus situation . 
  cyprus would never vote for turkey as a member while they 're still occupying almost half the island of cyprus . 
  but mostly it 's a human rights issue , yeah . 
  i know that `` sommar '' translates to `` summer '' and that `` tid '' translates to `` time '' , but i 've never heard anyone actually say `` summer time '' when speaking english in sweden . 
  daylight saving time is the term that is used . 
  no , i 've never heard `` summer time '' in sweden . 
  we do say `` sommartid '' in swedish , but it translates into daylight saving time . 
  the term daylight saving time is used much more frequently than summer time even in europe . 
  europe and america have different start/end dates yes , but it 's still called dst . 
  ignosticism as a concept is only relevant if your belief in god changes depending on how you define god . 
  for most people who call themselves atheists or agnosticists , it does n't really matter much what definition we use ( say choose one from the top 10 or top 20 religions ) as long as we stick to reasonable ones . 
  the fact that your position would change if we decide to define god as something completely different than what it usually means is n't very relevant . 
  i think that for most people that label themselves ignosticists , the actual reason is that they want to be different . 
  this is why i called it a hipster concept . 
  i do think that it is a valid theoretical philosophical concept . 
  tyson makes some very good points and i agree with most of what he says there . 
  however , just like there are plenty of people who are christian but do n't get into discussions about it daily , i think it 's very possible to call yourself an atheist and still steering clear of the drama of anti-god activists . 
  it would probably be more difficult for a man as famous as him though . 
  myself , i kind of prefer dawkins stance on agnosticism ( from wikipedia ) :  according to richard dawkins , a distinction between agnosticism and atheism is unwieldy and depends on how close to zero we are willing to rate the probability of existence for any given god-like entity . 
  since in practice it is not worth contrasting a zero probability with one that is nearly indistinguishable from zero , he prefers to categorize himself as a `` de facto atheist '' . 
  he specifies his position by means of a scale of 1 to 7 . 
  on this scale , 1 indicates `` 100 per cent probability of god . '', 
  a person ranking at 7 on the scale would be a person who says `` i know there is no god ... '' dawkins places himself at 6 on the scale , which he characterizes as `` i can not know for certain but i think god is very improbable , and i live my life on the assumption that he is not there '' , but leaning toward 7 . 
  about himself , dawkins continues that `` i am agnostic only to the extent that i am agnostic about fairies at the bottom of the garden . 
  '' [ 47 ] dawkins also identifies two categories of agnostics ; temporary agnostics in practice ( taps ) , and permanent agnostics in principle ( paps ) . 
  dawkins considers temporary agnosticism an entirely reasonable position , but views permanent agnosticism as `` fence-sitting , intellectual cowardice . 
  '' [ 48 ] assigning a non-zero probability to the existence of god does not mean you have to be an agnostic instead of an atheist . 
  this is what i 'm talking about when i say that 90 % of agnostics are actually atheists . 
  people think that just because they are not willing to rule out the existence of god with absolute certainity they 're agnostic , and i do n't think that is true . 
  ignosticism is mostly a hipster concept that tries to gain followers from atheism by misrepresenting what atheism actually means . 
  90 % if not 99 % of people who identify as agnostics are atheists that have just misunderstood what the terms mean . 
  ok , so let 's try to respond to most of what you said . 
  first of all , i 'm assuming the link you are talking about is http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11t851/riot_at_a_swedish_film_screening_depicting/ . 
  looking at it , i can see very few racist comments in the thread . 
  barely any at all , and most of them are downvoted . 
  how did you arrive at the conclusion that / r/europe is an anti-islamic circlejerk from this ? 
  was it the fact that the link itself got upvotes ? 
  reddit links have a 90:10 upvote : downvote ratio in general . 
  people always upvote a lot more than they downvote . 
  i also think that many people who have n't seen this video before thought it was worth a watch . 
   lately , this subreddit have seen a large influx of videos and links of this character . 
  posts that simply appeal to our bigotry , but hold no value in a rational discussion , nor is particularily related to europe at all . 
  i really do n't agree with this at all . 
  if you 're browsing the new queue you could be right , but every new queue is 90 % if not 99 % trash and bad posts gets downvoted and never rise . 
  i could be wrong , maybe you could point out how many anti-islamic propaganda you can see at http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/top/?sort=top&amp;t=month , the most upvoted links from the last month . 
   what i have also noticed , is that it seems to be becoming socially acceptable to be bigoted and prejudice in this subreddit . 
  a while back , there was a post about a gang of youths gang-raping a french girl .
