  i use my phone daily to surf web sites and reddit , sync mail and facebook and the occasional youtube video , and i only go through 200-300mb per month . 
  my existing contract caps at 1gb ( after this it caps your connection at 50kbps until next month ) and i have n't hit that limit in a year . 
  20-70gb sounds completely ridiculous unless you 're using your phone as a 3g modem to download movies and stuff like that for your computer . 
  in the end comviq will still have to pay roaming fees for every megabyte you use while outside of sweden , so if you were using up 20gb internationally they would be taking on a massive loss just from that . 
  yeah i got that ... 
  i asked for some context or explanation for the graph because on its own it does n't really say anything at all . 
  context/explanation ? 
   well it is no secret that housing bubbles are prominent in these countries wait what ? 
  does n't really matter though since you only have 6 seats , making it even more weird . 
  `` few surprises '' does n't necessarily mean more than zero , it 's used in opposition of `` many '' or `` a lot '' . 
  there could be zero surprises . 
  maybe austria should n't be that high , huh ? 
   excluding services i.e. 
  pointless and misleading . 
  the article is misleading . 
  the specific thing they 're allowed to claim is this :  consumption of foods containing fructose leads to a lower blood glucose rise compared to foods containing sucrose or glucose . 
  which is completely true . 
  that 's exactly what they are doing . 
  they provide shelters , but to make people actually go there they also make sleeping on the streets illegal . 
  they already provide shelters for homeless people , there 's no need to go to jail to get a roof . 
  no one ever claimed it was built without elevators , except for the made up misleading title on reddit . 
  what was claimed was that the elevators were n't properly scaled up for 47 floors , and that is n't exactly refuted here . 
  but , you would expect a substantially higher amount in the beginning when it 's first possible . 
  she was n't forced , she was advised . 
  they were n't really sure what the iaaf would do so they decided to play it safe . 
  they also felt that the `` stunt '' was taking too much publicity away from the successful athletes . 
  another girl won a gold medal but all the reporters just wanted to talk about fingernails . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem right now . 
  as long as the debt is backed by sufficient securities , it 's not a bad thing . 
  there have been no real signs that there 's a bubble in the housing/apartment market so i do n't see how a crash is going to happen . 
  we could if we wanted to , but there 's little reason . 
  it would hurt the economy , not help it . 
  because it 's not illegal to lend money with zero security . 
  it 's up to the bank if they think it 's worth the risk . 
  in sweden renters have much higher subsidies anyway , though i get your point . 
  you are only allowed to borrow 85 % with the house/apartment as a security . 
  you can still borrow most of the remaining 15 % assuming you have a stable income ( or preferably two stable incomes ) . 
  the big skyscrapers do have an enormous amount of elevators , though there are some tricks you can do to reduce how much you need . 
  for example you can have express elevators that only stop at certain intermediate lobbies and then have local elevators to go the rest of the way ( these local elevators can be stacked on top of each other to some extent ) . 
  i believe this was fairly common with the early skyscrapers . 
  this can easily become somewhat inconvenient for the people who need to switch elevators though , so for something as `` small '' as 47 floors the solution would likely be something like some elevators only going to floors 1-25 , some elevators going from the 1st floor and then 20-40 and some elevators going from the 1st floor and then 35-47 . 
  the overlap of floors means there 's always an elevator you can use for just going up/down 5 levels for in-company stuff . 
  the elevators that skips the early floors does n't need to have lobbies for those floors and they can travel at very high speeds for quite a bit . 
  as for permissions , i 'm sure you know more than i do about the spanish system . 
  i could speculate that the second round of architects assumed ( or was told ) that the earlier architects signed off on the changes and did n't bother to check it . 
  the article gives the impression that the entire projects was chaotic and it does n't seem farfetched that something would fall between the chairs . 
  the title is kind of misleading . 
  they did n't forget the elevator , they just did n't scale it up properly when increasing from 20 to 47 floors . 
  they probably kept the same amount of elevator shafts , which is n't going to work because the demands increase roughly with the square of the amount of floors ( doubling the height of the building means twice as many people use the elevator , but they also go twice as far ) . 
  this would normally be the job of the architects to take care of , but they seem to have resigned sometime along the way . 
  it 's not something that an architect would really miss ( at least not a firm big enough to be contracted for something like this ) . 
  if i remember correctly , the wife was sleeping with the judge that sentenced him . 
  they could , but they eu could n't . 
  i have n't been able to find that information . 
  this is weird , because is swedish newspapers the fireman first at the scene said that the child was on the floor of the car when he opened the door . 
  the dad never picked up the child like he says in the article here . 
  it 's also weird that the child would have so little injuries if it was popped out before the car crash . 
  it 's much more likely that the birth was n't completed until after the car came to a stop . 
  i 'm just gon na assume that the rolling `` four times '' was also something he made up as that is n't really supported by other testimonies . 
  so how did it taste ? 
  why are they skipping over the most important part ? 
  technically it 's being built by the stockholm county council ( stockholms l\u00e4ns lansting ) rather than the stockholm municipality ( stockholms kommun ) . 
  that 's just a slightly upgraded x2000 . 
  what we 're looking at here is completely new rails combined with the new trains . 
  that is n't going to stop them from stealing or destroying everything you own though . 
  do you have an alternative solution then ? 
  it 's more about internal segregation and discrimination . 
  see http://ffp.statesindex.org/indicators for explanations of the indicators . 
  i would guess that the large amount of immigrants , especially from muslim countries , is the reason . 
  how do you know if something is a vegan ? 
  they 'll tell you . 
  it should n't . 
  animal abuse laws already protects animals that are being hurt , this law only serves to push the personal morality of lawmakers ( and probably the majority of the public ) onto a minority . 
  i do n't think people should be having sex with animals . 
  i also do n't think people should be smoking cigarettes or cheating on their significant others . 
  however , i 'm strongly opposed to laws forbidding any such things . 
  the law is also going to be very ineffective . 
  it 's not going to stop people from having sex with animals if they want to . 
  laws like this is a step in the completely wrong direction . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the prosecutor has to prove that it is cruelty to animals , not the other way around . 
  for example , it 's probably very difficult to prove that letting a dog mount you is animal abuse . 
  if you have any actual cases where the sex is by itself grounds for a conviction , i 'd be interested to see them . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  right now if you have sex with an animal without hurting it it 's not illegal . 
  the fact that they ca n't give consent is not relevant under current law . 
  the title is a blatant lie . 
  the new law states that the maximum sentence must be at least two years , not the minimum . 
  did you not read the article at all ? 
  it 's very clear that this is about maximum sentences . 
  op did n't sensatioalize , he lied . 
  the new law is regarding maximum sentences , not minimum . 
  op lied in the title , the maximum sentence has to be 2 years , not the minimum . 
  your facebook feed says that people are getting shot with rubber bullets , but it says nothing about what the protesters are doing to the police or why they felt a need to use rubber bullets . 
  hence why it 's important to get both sides of the story . 
  it 's also safe to assume that it 's not as bad as it seems on your facebook feed . 
  read as many sources as possible on both sides and make up your own opinion . 
  well , it pretty much just means arson . 
  it 's enough that the fire has the potential to kill or injure someone , or cause significant material damage . 
  i agree the name is confusing .
