  interesting . 
  in sweden the left ( formerly the communist party ) and the social democrats have been a `` team '' for as long as i can remember . 
  a lot of the time the left have had too little support to get any cabinet positions , but they have supported the social democratic government in parliament votes and bargained with them for influence . 
   i do n't think civil partnerships or civil unions ( or whatever they may be called ) grant `` almost the same '' legal rights as marriage . 
  this probably varies by country . 
  civil unions have existed since 1995 in sweden and was already at that point almost identical with marriage . 
  civil unions had an age limit of 18 while marriage could be excepted under some circumstances . 
  adoption rights were not included until 2003 and ivf not until 2005 , but apart from that they were identical . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  the wikipedia page says cdu will form a new government , but as sdp + the left have 26 they would naturally use their majority to form a coalition ? 
  basically they wanted to keep and reinforce their diplomatic and military relations with the united states . 
  not actually such a bad idea since the protection of the us is one of the best defense measures you can have . 
  sweden was really pissed though , because we spent millions trying to convince them that the jas 39 gripen was a much better airplane only to find out afterwards that the selection process was rigged from the start . 
  why the heavily editorialized title ? 
  it 's basically the internet . 
  the left wing largely depended on keeping the masses uninformed , something which is n't really working any more . 
  i think they 're actually gon na stick to this one . 
  it 's worth noting that travel to india would not actually be stopped , you could still easily get a connecting flight that flies to for example turkey with an airline paying the carbon tax , and then continue with a turkish/indian airline to india . 
  unless the indian government goes full retard and somehow tries to ban all the ways for europeans going to india via connecting flights , it 's mostly just gon na affect the indian airlines . 
  well , the eu has certainly played its hand , it 's yet to be seen if we overplayed it . 
  i 'm not so sure that indian airlines are as willing as the government to lose out on all flights to europe . 
  also , closing the air space seems a little overdramatic and could lead to further counteractions . 
  i disagree . 
  the refrain is was very catchy and in our internal betting competition i was not the only one to put them at number 1 . 
  lena 's song was n't all that exciting , slow songs like that rarely go far . 
  also she probably lost quite a few votes to people not wanting her to win twice in a row . 
  a lot of what people call circlejerk-voting is also just the fact that close-by countries tend to have the same taste in music . 
  while you might find it very weird that a terrible song gets an 8 or a 12 from a neighbor , it could still be that they like the song . 
  i mean if you listened to the top 10 selling singles from an eastern bloc country it would be a lot different than in uk or germany . 
  it 's fairly obvious that very few eurovision songs would have a chance against real songs , what i meant was that the circlejerk-voting of some countries does n't determine the winner . 
  we swedes like to whine a lot about this when we fail , but when we have good songs we tend to do pretty well regardless . 
  looking at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurovision_song_contest_2011#final_2 you can see that the top songs received points from a variety of other countries . 
  i 'd say the winning song is almost always worthy . 
  the greece/cyprus circlejerk is a bit over the top though , 20 years of consecutive 12-point-swaps while often ending up very low in the overall standings . 
  i 'm sure they account for as many factors as they can . 
  keep in mind this is n't exactly a `` all money lent to these guys is totally lost '' rating . 
  it 's just somewhat more risky than most other countries . 
  for reference :  the key drivers for today 's rating action are :   1 . ), 
  the increased risk that the cypriot government would have to provide renewed financial support to the country 's banks because of their exposure to the greek government and economy , and the commensurate impact of such measures on the government 's own financial strength . 
  the likely impact on market confidence in cyprus stemming from these banking-sector concerns , as well as broader uncertainties about europe 's macroeconomic prospects and institutional frameworks . 
  overall , the fragile market confidence in cyprus , which has already led to a loss of access to international debt markets , is likely to continue , with a high potential for further shocks to funding conditions for the sovereign and the domestic banks . 
   `` you do n't downgrade this year over something that could happen in two years . 
  this is not serious . '' um that 's exactly what you do ? 
  that 's how credit ratings work ? 
  so you did n't read the article , but just heavily editorialized the title to express your anger towards the world ? 
  this part i agree with . 
  i just want to reiterate that this was not a `` linking site similar to google '' . 
  the site 's entire purpose was embedding videos with copyrighted content and presenting them in a categorized ( by genre , series and season etc. ), 
  and searchable format . 
  the owner was fully aware that this was what his site was being used for and took no measures whatsoever to prevent it , instead hiding behind the bullshit `` i 'm only linking '' excuse . 
  i do n't think you realize how gdp works . 
  it 's not like this is their `` profit '' . 
  so some consider it racist while others would prefer the description imperialistic or nationalistic . 
  everyone seems to agree that it 's stupid and unnecessarily provocative . 
  it 's not exactly racist , but it 's definitely painting the chinese , indian and brazilian guys as our enemies . 
  fighting is n't the word i would use . 
  if he was so concerned with the rights of minorities he would have never made it into the government in the first place . 
  it also seems like he became more fundamentalist after moving to switzerland , describing switzerland as an `` enemy is islam '' . 
  it seems a bit elaborate to be a total scam , but it 's likely that he may not be as innocent as he claims ( similar to many guantanamo detainees ) . 
  not that this is any reason to lock him up for 5 years , but he is an islamic fundamentalist . 
  market forces hard at work !, 
  no one said it was . 
  what you said was :  `` giving them halal meat , or vegetarians vegetarian meals does n't hurt anyone else , and anybody saying otherwise is racist . '', 
  which is just laughable . 
  the difference is that you need to torture and abuse animals to get halal meat . 
  in principle i support a federal europe and a federal earth , eventually . 
  i do n't think we 're ready for it quite yet though . 
  there are still too many differences between countries that make it unfeasible . 
  europe is getting pretty close though , give it 30-50 years and we should be ready . 
  it is , but governments usually do n't do it , since it makes people stop using the currency and as a result , devalues it . 
  i 'm sure they will in the future . 
  i 'm just not so sure that stopping global trade in dollars is a good thing for the us though . 
  what they 're basically saying is : `` the us government owns all dollars in the world . 
  you 're free to use it if you want , but we reserve the right to take it back at any time we please for any reason whatsoever . '', 
  i realize it 's extremely unrealistic yes , but sometimes i wish that countries would stand up more for it 's citizens . 
  in this particular case , the us government is blatantly stealing money on no grounds whatsoever , and no one 's really doing anything to stop it . 
  how many times are we gon na let them get away with things like this ? 
  it also would n't have to be a total embargo , you could target specific markets such as cigars or tobacco . 
  if you have any alternative solutions i 'm all ears . 
  the point of an embargo is n't to do anyone good , it is to hurt the embargoed country to show that what they 're doing is n't ok and that they need to stop . 
  i 'm advocating an embargo in order to stop them from trying to impose their laws on other countries that does not agree with them . 
  they 're effectively enforcing us laws outside of us soil and that is n't ok . 
  the situation in the us is deteriorating extremely quickly right now . 
  i would love to think of myself as a citizen of earth , but that 's not how reality looks right now . 
  it 's coming to the point where i would wholeheartedly support an eu-wide embargo against all us goods until they get their shit under control . 
  it 's obvious that we will never be a military superpower , and i doubt that 's what he meant . 
  we could become a `` force to be reckoned with '' in eu and un situations , with the power coming from our technological , intellectual and socioeconomic superiority . 
  those things are possible to achieve even for a small country ( probably easier than for a big one ) . 
  is this what was gon na `` end his career '' ? 
  yeah that 's bullshit . 
  renewable energy sources receive much higher subsidies than nuclear energy . 
  of course , with zero subsidies fossil fuels are still cheapest . 
  if it 's below 22 i get cold , especially when sitting at the computer . 
  i try to keep it at 24-25 which is comfortable . 
  tobacco prices are pretty insane in sweden , but smuggling still is n't a big problem . 
  my point is that if you exclude breivik , someone is gon na want to exclude some other serial killer that killed 15 people , and someone else is gon na want to exclude someone else etc. 
  if you 're going to draw a line it 's always going to be subjective . 
  london bombings were in 2005 , do n't think that year is included . 
  and the bombings were still `` only '' 25 % of the total homicides that year so they probably include it . 
  it 's difficult to just ignore it without becoming a cherry picker .
