  very interesting article . 
  the problem with escalating violence is that there is no going back . 
  i 'm very grateful that sweden has been able to stay on a very low level in terms of weapons and violence , but it 's impossible or extremely difficult to de-escalate from the current us situation . 
  adjusting for inflation on a debt , what ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  not a single yellow ? 
  agreed , it 's a necessary evil of democracy . 
  sometimes it makes it really difficult to compete economically with a country like china though . 
  as far as i can tell , thomson reuters is a private non-official company relying on freely volunteered information to publish their libor rates . 
  i mean , if i lie to you about what interest i 'm paying on my loan , that does n't make it illegal . 
  can someone explain what laws they broke ? 
  to be clear , i 'm aware what the actions were , i 'm just not seen a satisfying explanation on why it 's illegal . 
  the question is if the banks had a legal obligation to give the correct rates . 
  i mean , if someone phoned me and asked for an interest rate i could say 1 % if i wanted to pay less interest on my loans . 
  that does n't mean i 'm committing fraud . 
  apart from barclay 's i 've also not seen evidence of the financial gain they got from it . 
  lying about it to prevent a financial crises might not be considered fraud as it was n't done for financial gain . 
  it 's not like they 're gon na send helicopters to rescue people in syria . 
  there 's not much to do when 200 000 people arrive in small boats to your coast . 
  ca n't really ship people back into a warzone either . 
  artists/producers do n't want to waste good songs on eurovision because there 's no money in it , and it 's also risky since if you do n't win you can get a bad reputation . 
  some idiots probably are , both greeks and non-greeks , but the situations are not comparable at all . 
  still not seeing it , maybe i 'm just not sentimental enough . 
  i agree totally with the first part , this is basically just a warning to english people considering going to germany without learning german ( this ca n't really be that many though ) . 
  for the second part i 'd say the ideal solution is that everyone on earth learn the same language at birth so that we can all communicate without issues ( not necessarily english ) . 
  i do n't see an inherent advantage to having a ton of different languages . 
  a reasonable assumption . 
  many swedes have left the area due to harassment and generally feeling unwelcome . 
  unless you have connections it 's not safe to be out late in the area , especially if you look swedish . 
  well , you ca n't have silence for everyone who ever died every day . 
  the people who died in the 1972 attack have already been honored and mourned , i do n't see how this is necessary . 
  in most of the other parties it looks like over 90 % are opposed to working with the freedom party . 
  with those seats along with the `` independents '' there 's 32 seats already taken . 
  this leaves 118 seats to fight for among the `` block parties '' and unless one block gets 76 out of 118 ( 64 % ) you get this situation even if there was only two solid blocks . 
  as the blocks looks evenly matched that 's just never gon na happen . 
  to be honest i think they just need to accept that 14 % of the people is voting for the freedom party and that 's it 's possible to compromise and work with them . 
  get rid of the stigma , i mean if they 're less extreme that the swedish democrats i do n't think you have much to worry about . 
  btw , why is there an even number of seats ? 
  what happens if there 's a 75v75 stalemate ? 
  this is actually very similar to the situation in sweden . 
  there are basically the left block and a right block where neither gets a majority because the anti-immigration party gets a significant number of seats . 
  no one wants to cooperate at all with the anti-immigration party because they 're afraid to get labeled as racists . 
  the `` solution '' in sweden is a minority government where the government does n't actually control a majority of the parliamentary seats , instead relying on different parties to support them in each vote ( a few votes have simply failed also ) . 
  i suspect this would be more difficult in the netherlands and the blocks are n't nearly as united , there 's way too much in-fighting to manage in a minority government . 
  the unusually low threshold for getting the first seats does n't help the situation as there are some lost seats due to this . 
  worth noting is that uae generally do n't execute people convicted on drug charges , nor do they execute foreigners . 
  he 's more or less being put on death row indefinitely but wo n't be executed . 
  roughly 10 % of greece 's gdp was spent on health care in 2008 , before the crises . 
  is he saying that health care used to be 0.6 percent of the state budget and now it 's 0.04 percent ? 
  i 'm pretty sure neither of those numbers are correct . 
  no ; the chance of that happening is probably below 0.1 % . 
  so what you 're saying is that the hospital has no intention of ever paying for the machine . 
  i fail to see why it 's an issue that the supplier can not afford to deliver product to customers for free . 
  you probably would have said the same thing about greece 5 years ago . 
   this money was almost instantaneously used by these banks to buy government bonds at 5 % + . 
  government bonds does n't give 5 % interest . 
  not sure where you got that from . 
  there are two kinds of id 's in the european union . 
  one category is ones that state your country of citizenship . 
  most commonly a passport , but some countries give out other ids that are equivalent and can be used for flying or things like this . 
  the second category ( most `` normal '' ids are in this category ) are ones that identify you but do n't state a country of citizenship . 
  for example , you can get a swedish driver 's license even if you 're not a citizen , but this identification is mostly valid in sweden and not for traveling or hotels outside of the country . 
  a lot of places will accept it anyway ( bars and nightclubs do n't really care that much ) but they 're not really obligated to . 
  i 'm guessing your id is from the second category , meaning they do n't have to accept it . 
  nor sure why they would accept german ids , maybe they have some kind of special deal about that . 
  you could just get a prepaid card , seems like the easiest solution . 
  this is all very true . 
  there are two points to be made though . 
  firstly , ` accepting ' gypsy culture means also accepting that they steal from us . 
  this is hard for people to do . 
  secondly , if we accept the declaration of human rights we have an obligation to help defenseless gypsy children to some basic human rights . 
  the problem is their parents do n't agree with that and will try to stop us , leading to a conflict that is very hard to resolve . 
  so basically , people are proclaiming their political opponents are `` evil '' . 
  must be tuesday ... 
  i remember sitting in the moat after dark listening to the troubadour . 
  those young days , so wild and so messy . 
  then maybe you should ask the people at the meeting what their line thinking was , because it honestly makes no sense . 
  it wo n't be changed . 
  europe has no power to change us laws or force the us to follow eu laws . 
  possibly cloud providers could offer deals where they guarantee that none of your data is stored in the us , but this would limit your ability to serve us customers . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with that . 
  looking at a lot of other countries , nationalizing oil companies seems like a pretty good idea . 
  they probably never should have sold it in the first place , but taking it back is more a dick move than a stupid move . 
  in my opinion that 's hardly fair . 
  if the compensation was fair , they could just buy the company on the open market . 
  to be fair , `` europe '' is in * some * position to be outraged . 
  the argentinian government is ignoring basic concepts of possession of property and this is n't really fair to the people who owned that property . 
  you often need two parliamentary votes with an election between them , in order to give people a choice to vote for another party if they do n't agree with the current governments suggested change to the constitution . 
  i have no idea what how the uk specifically handles this though . 
  do n't link pdfs like that . 
  also it 's interesting that he presents a number of ` axioms ' in matters where there is no consensus at all . 
  italy seems very strong . 
  macedonia also surprisingly good compared to earlier years , could easily make top 5 . 
  the reason it seems like 90 % + of roma are completely criminal and unwilling to integrate , is that as soon as someone does , they stop being roma . 
  the entire definition of roma is hinged upon this social exclusion and criminality . 
  it 's fairly likely that you see a lot of people of roma heritage that you have no idea about , as they live , work and marry among normal people . 
  well if we assume that there is a need for an army in the first place , why would it be less necessary to keep it equipped in times of depression ? 
  would n't want to get out of the financial crises only to be invaded by turkey . 
  also , $ 1b does n't say much unless you know the total size of the greek budget . 
  this has got to be a joke ...
