also , in the czech lands , the counter-reformation was tied to germanization and loss of local autonomy following the thirty-years war . 
  how is tourism in slovenia more environmentally damaging than the industrial sector ? 
  what is your source that `` the * vast * majority of european jews was assimilated '' and how are you defining `` assimilation '' ? 
  cultural assimilation does not necessarily equal one 's ethnic identity , as demonstrated by kafka 's complex identity . 
  aside from ignoring the long history of european antisemitism that inspired the rise of nazi antisemitic ideology , your argument fails to recognize that zionism , the national movement of the jewish people , emerged in the late 19th century . 
  crimea is a big enough sink hole of russian state funds , why would ( or could ) russia take on on all the liabilities of an annexed and possibly war-damaged ukraine ? 
  these frequently repeated statistics are problematic for several reasons as the city boundaries grew throughout the 19th century to include suburbs and neighbouring villages , which were predominantly ethnic czech , but were otherwise already a part of the urban agglomeration . 
  thus , to make a direct comparison between 1848 and 1910 demographics without accounting for the change in boundaries completely obfuscates any meaningful analysis . 
  `` this whole jew vs german schisma only developed during nazism . '', 
  wow . 
  you do realize that jews were not full emancipated in the austrian empire until 1867 after centuries of various levels of discrimination ? 
  what 's your source that kafka identified as a german ? 
  even a cursory knowledge of him would reveal that [ his ethnic identity was complex and nuanced ] ( https://www.jstor.org/stable/24645937?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents ) . 
  you are failing to mention the demographic losses following the thirty years war , including the mass expulsion of protestant czechs from bohemia and forced germanization ( e.g. 
  restrictions on czech-language teaching ) that continued into the late 18th century . 
  most of that looks like traffic-noise buffer around the highway . 
  so much of what counts as `` green space '' in modern planning is just space used to hide traffic infrastructure . 
  what are the actual parks like ? 
  is there any outdoor public space that is not a highway , parking lot , or traffic buffer aka `` green space '' ? 
  how is it `` painfully '' tiny ? 
  but a large percent of the russian population does seem to support putin , thanks in part to years of disinformation and propaganda . 
  well , poland consists of lesser and greater poland ( and silesia , mazovia , pomerania , etc which are excluded ) . 
  also , styria , carinthia , and burgenland are n't included in the name of austria ( upper and lower ) . 
  the kingdom of bohemia did n't lose internal sovereignty until the thirty years ' war following the battle of white mountain in 1620 . 
  `` independence '' or `` state sovereignty '' in the modern sense only exists from 1648 and the peace of westphalia . 
  i think it 's better in the singular : czechland . 
  and our treasures back from stockholm !, 
  add to that a technical fault or miscommunication that leads to a mistaken retaliatory launch . 
  willem blaeu , the cartographer named in the cartouche , lived from 1571 to 1638 , so perhaps this map was produced following his death from an earlier work . 
  map colouring at this time was often done quite arbitrarily and sometimes independently of the printer , so i would n't recommend reading much into it . 
  germany represented a geographic area and cultural sphere at this time , which were often reflected in maps of this period . 
  maps from this period and earlier did n't necessarily depict sovereign states . 
  cultural spheres and geographic regions could be depicted interchangeably with sovereign polities . 
  furthermore , colourists would often be working independently of the print maker . 
  regarding this map , dotted lines can be seen within `` germania '' presumably depicting different polities within the hre , so it can hardly be said that germany is depicted as a `` unitary state '' . 
  there seems to be an attempt to delineate various states within the hre with the dotted lines . 
  colourists often took various liberties at that time as well . 
  and yet putin has turned russia into one giant echo chamber . 
  there are plenty of conservative and liberal universities in america and europe not to mention a wide diversity of opinions within elite faculties . 
  have you even attended a university in the west ? 
  not necessarily . 
  article 31 ( 4 ) of the [ vienna convention on diplomatic relations , 1961 ] ( http://legal.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/9_1_1961.pdf ) , specifically states that : [ t ] he immunity of a diplomatic agent from the jurisdiction of the receiving state does not exempt him from the jurisdiction of the sending state . 
  diplomatic immunity can be waived per article 32 . 
  moreover , article 38 states that a diplomatic agent who is a national of or permanently resident in that state shall enjoy only immunity from jurisdiction , and inviolability , in respect of official acts performed in the exercise of his functions . 
  this kind of victim mentality you are displaying is totally baffling to me and reeks of a conspiracy theory , e.g. 
  `` it seems like the west wishes we were n't [ europeans ] '' . 
  you obviously have a very selective reading of history . 
  since hungary 's christianization , hungary has existed , apart from the ottoman occupation , within the sphere of western christendom and culture . 
  i fail to see how hungarian culture differs significantly from other central european nations to the north and west . 
  can you point to specific and significant differences ? 
  indeed , your argument fails to take into account much of europe 's joint efforts in the form of the holy league in pushing the ottomans out of hungary , not to mention the relative privilege of hungary to other non-german ethnic groups in austria-hungary . 
  just because you were on the wrong side of two world wars in the 20th century and therefore suffered the consequences hardly makes for a conspiracy by the west against hungary or its status as a european nation . 
  `` never truly europeans , but not even slavic as the other countries around here . '', 
  i 've never heard of anyone seriously claiming that hungarians are n't truly europeans and wtf do you mean by `` not even slavic as the other countries '' ? 
  when a man sells his daughter as a slave , she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are . 
  if she does not please the man who bought her , he may allow her to be bought back again . 
  but he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners , since he is the one who broke the contract with her . 
  and if the slave girl 's owner arranges for her to marry his son , he may no longer treat her as a slave girl , but he must treat her as his daughter . 
  if he himself marries her and then takes another wife , he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife . 
  if he fails in any of these three ways , she may leave as a free woman without making any payment . 
  is this the same god who condones sex slavery and stoning in the old testament ? 
  i wonder what 's in the mind of people who need to publicly announce they believe in a hippie god zombie crucified and then `` cannibalized '' weekly by its followers in the form of stale bread and bad wine . 
  the idea of `` romance '' being linked to marriage is far from universal in a historical context , even in western culture . 
  you obviously have no understanding of formal equality versus substantive equality . 
  substantive equality recognizes the law 's effect on the individual , taking into account the societal context of an individual or minority population versus the majority . 
  if the law stated that `` only people of the same race shall marry '' , would you not agree that people who wish to enter into mixed-race relationships are being discriminated against ? 
  technically the law is equal in that it applies to all people the same as they could supposedly choose to marry within their own race . 
  obviously there would be a substantive impact , which you are ignoring in the case of same-sex marriage . 
  i 'm curious if the suicide and injury or death caused by accidental firearm discharge rates are similar . 
  actually , i was born before the fall of communism and the regime fucked up my immediate and extended family with consequences that last until today , so i do have legitimate resentment against , and suspicion of , the regime in moscow ( not the russian people of course , whom i pity ) . 
  my comment was regarding your statement that `` it 's not 1940 anymore . 
  people are different . '', 
  putin and most of his regime are former operatives and officials of the soviet union that have been rehabilitating the legacy of stalin . 
  things are not as different as you superficially make them out to be . 
  calm down , learn to read , and stop making up assumptions that i `` hate '' germany or russia . 
  calling me off topic when you have admittedly wild assumptions out of thin air ? 
  your argument regarding russia ignores the fact that it inherited most of the state institutions of the ussr , eg the kgb/fsk/fsb , and never went through a process where former communist officials were largely barred from public office like in czechoslovakia . 
  i 'm not denying that russia today partially resembles aspects of tsarist russia . 
  however , stalin also borrowed aspects of tsarist autocracy to suit his own needs , e.g. 
  essentially using orthodox christianity to create a secular religion to buttress communist dogma and serve his personality cult . 
  i 'm not sure how you are defining `` right '' and `` left wing '' in the russian context , but in several ways the soviet union was more socially conservative than 1990s/early 2000s russia . 
  i never even mentioned germany in my initial comment and i have no issue with it as the country has been completely democratized and denazified . 
  the same can not be said about russia and the legacy of the soviet union 's autocracy . 
  putin was a kgb spy for heaven 's sake . 
  not necessarily . 
  there is a continuum in some areas , for example the population of moravian slov\u00e1cko . 
  the right to the self determination of peoples is not unlimited and has never been seriously considered as such otherwise nearly every state would be in a constant state of disintegration . 
  russia is a totalitarian autocratic state that repeatedly violates the sovereignty of its neighbours . 
  is it that different ? 
  that can make it difficult for languages with robust case declension . 
  it was a clerico-fascist puppet state with limited international recognition and subject to a `` protection treaty '' with germany that subordinated its foreign , defense , and economic policy . 
  i do n't see what 18th century austrian imperialism has to do with multiculturalism ? 
  this is rather simplistic given his level of education and cultural refinement as well as nuanced religiosity . 
  aside from founding the university of prague , charles iv also petitioned pope clement vi to allow the establishment of the emmaus monastery in prague using old church slavonic liturgy , the only one of its kind in western christianity at the time . 
  the absence of any material in charles ' autobiography on the question of his `` nationality '' would show that it was of little import to him . 
  rather , he was much more concerned with exploring and conveying his p\u0159emyslid and luxembourger dynastic heritage while buttressing the cult of st. wenceslaus , this among several other state-building initiatives both secular and religious . 
  this is what the golden bull actually specified on language : 31 . 
  inasmuch as the majesty of the holy roman empire has to wield the laws and the government of diverse nations distinct in customs , manner of life , and in language , it is considered fitting , and , in the judgment of all wise men , expedient , that the prince electors , the columns and sides of that empire , should be instructed in the varieties of the different dialects and languages : so that they who assist the imperial sublimity in relieving the wants of very many people , and who are constituted for the sake of keeping watch , should understand , and be understood by , as many as possible . 
  wherefore we decree that the sons , or heirs and successors of the illustrious prince electors , namely of the king of bohemia , the count palatine of the rhine , the duke of saxony and the margrave of brandenburg-since they are expected in all likelihood to have naturally acquired the german language , and to have been taught it from their infancy,-shall be instructed in the grammar of the italian and slavic tongues , beginning with the seventh year of their age . 
  so that , before the fourteenth year of their age , they may be learned in the same according to the grace granted them by god .
