  i 'm happy to be european , that 's for sure , and i consider myself more european than german or spanish . 
  i feel a great many things about europe , but pride is not one , because i did n't build europe , and i 've had no meaningful impact on the political process at an eu level . 
  european federation , or federal european republic maybe ? 
  hell no . 
  not as long as erdolf is in power , anyway . 
  what evidence ? 
  so far , i 've only seen poorly set up studies with tiny sample sizes , and using rats known for their propensity to spontaneously grow tumors . 
  if there are any non-garbage studies , please point me to them . 
  can confirm . 
  i worked on the rastro on friday and monday for two years , selling burgers and german sausages . 
  it 's a beautiful city , and i 'm not much of a city person , so that should mean something :p i used to go there a lot on weekends , but then the triffasic nightclub closed , now i do n't go as much anymore . 
  i also highly recommend the `` moros y cristianos '' celebrations , and the fallas , if you 're here on vacation , those are a must-see . 
  killed europe ? 
  well shit , i 'm really behind the times !, 
  i 'm not sure how to use it on my keyboard :p i did n't , i only was at a friend 's place for a few hours , before going back home again . 
  but the next time i 'm there , i 'll have a look at the castle . 
  everyone i know calls it x\u00e1tiva , although most people i know usually speak in valencian , not castillian :p originally i 'm from frankfurt , but i 've been living near denia for the last 15 years . 
  oh hey , i was in x\u00e1tiva just a couple of days ago visiting a friend !, 
  the world is small . 
  racism also applies to ethnic groups , such as poles and brits . 
  paella is love , paella is life . 
  although , i 'm a big fan of fideu\u00e1 , and arroz al horno as well . 
  my ex-gf makes some bitchin ' fideu\u00e1 . 
  the `` no shit ! '', 
  heard around the world !, 
  they kind of do , and kind of do n't . 
  some parts have expected failure dates , like batteries , some resistors and capacitors , which basically wreck the device after a given period of time , and it would not be very expensive to use higher quality parts instead . 
  only if you ignore what i said in the second half : christianity is much easier to reform than islam is . 
  that does n't mean that every christian country accepts the gays . 
  in turn , however , as far as i know , every islamic country rejects homosexuality . 
  the vast majority of turks are muslims . 
  islam explicitly forbids homosexuality . 
  with the more recent rise in fundamentalism came a rise in homophobia . 
  you see the same figures all over the islamic world . 
  unlike christianity , where the ban on homosexual acts was relegated to the old testament , and thus is basically void , and muslims in general tend to take their religion far more seriously than christians do , and is much harder to reform . 
  spain seems a bit low , given that i do n't know a single solitary person here who has n't smoked weed at least once . 
  so we 're doing collective punishment now ? 
  from what i hear , norway is pretty nice . 
  an amputee does n't * need * a new hand , and someone with single-kidney failure does n't * need * a new kidney , either . 
  a womb for transgender people is a health concern , in my opinion . 
  also , while a womb transplant is an expensive procedure , it 's a very rare procedure , with transgenders being somewhere between 0.5 and 2 % of the population , of those only a fraction will actually want to undergo this procedure . 
  i guess we should n't fund hand and foot transplants either , or kidney transplants as long as the fucker still had a functioning one , right ? 
  the reason the nhs lacks funds is because the tories have gutted it . 
  yup . 
  it 's a relatively new operation , but it is possible . 
  she 's married and has a child :p, 
  i 'm happy to hear that !, 
  i left germany in 2003 when i was about to turn 11 , and then visited for a week in 2004 , and for a month in 2013 ( that 's when i finally decided i 'm moving back , when i have the opportunity to ) to attend gamescom . 
  3/10 , not enough temple of nod :p, 
  thanks for the offer , but i have everything covered , my sister lives in frankfurt :p, 
  that 's why their main battle tank uses a german gun . 
  heckler & koch weapons are also immensely popular in the us , particularly weapons like the mp5 and the hk416 ( civilian , but also jsoc and army ) . 
  ahh , frankfurt , the city i was born in . 
  i 'll be moving back there , or more likely the vicinity , next year . 
  in 2013 , i saw it for the first time in 10 years , it had changed quite a bit since the early 2000s , from what i remember , anyway , having become a much more beautiful city . 
  tibet is a bit of a special case , do n't you think ? 
  which correlates with low sunlight , and thus low temperatures . 
  so you do n't see an issue with a highly unconstitutional , very intrusive surveillance law ? 
  outside of spain , portugal , and i think italy and greece , that is ridiculously hot . 
  even here in spain it 's considered pretty warm , even though we sometimes get up to 45 \u00b0 c. 
  bundesverfassungsgericht to the rescue ! ^ again !, 
  no , infant circumcision is a violation of human rights and religious freedom , banning it is protecting human rights and religious freedom . 
  salafism is a sunni ideology , shias do n't follow it . 
  while yes , iran is n't by any means `` good '' , it 's one of the least bad in the middle east , and it 's better if they become modernized again , and they certainly have the capacity to , since they were very much a modern country in the 70s . 
  i would rather be propping them up than isis ' sugar daddy-butt buddies in saudi arabia . 
  because it 's in our best interest if shias have greater influence than sunnis . 
  i 'm actually ok with procuring oil and gas from iran , they 're one of the countries we should be supporting , not saudi arabia . 
  sure , they 're not perfect , but at least they 're not isis ' sugar daddies . 
  of course it is . 
  when almost every terrorist attack is committed by muslims , people will start fearing muslims . 
  that 's why we need to stamp out salafism wherever it pops up , because salafists are the ones making most of the trouble . 
  * should n't have to . 
  we may still have to fix it , if the americans wo n't . 
  peace-keeping efforts in afghanistan , anti-piracy operations off the coast of somalia , and helping with the fight against isis , mostly . 
  `` of course . 
  that 's why you have 16 american bases in your country , '' germany is the heart of nato . 
  those bases would be closed , if we wanted them closed . 
  the us forces in germany were once occupation forces , but that has n't been the case for 30 years ( technically 62 years ) . 
  `` and that 's why your army has been neutralized . '', 
  that 's hardly an accurate assessment , the bundeswehr just received 108 new leopard 2a7vs , and 4 new frigates are entering service , with 6 additional heavy frigates entering service in the 2020s . 
  `` not to mention you are forced to make regular payments to israel . '', 
  that has no bearing on our sovereignty . 
  like any country , we 're fully capable of breaching our treaties , but that would result in sanctions . 
  that 's kind of how international politics works . 
  and yet , you manage to lose a dozen leopards to fucking isis , and abandon them in the field , leaving them there for them to grab . 
  if that is n't military incompetence , i do n't know what is . 
  i guess erdolf 's little purge came around to bite you in the ass . 
  `` you are not a sovereign country . '', 
  the eu is n't a federal state yet , so i regret to inform you that you are mistaken . 
  germany is , in fact , a sovereign country . 
  actually , scratch that , i do n't regret it at all . 
  also , you are a barely more than a glorified dictatorship at this point . 
  i 'm german , though , not spanish , i just live in spain . 
  i still ca n't hear you over the sound of your military 's incompetence . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you over the sound of you losing leopard 2a4s to the daesh . 
  no , we did not . 
  no person who had any involvement in starting ww2 is still alive , much less ww1 . 
  those people are dead . 
  their ideologies , mostly eradicated . 
  this collective guilt-tripping bullshit needs to end .
