that was the european economic community , created by the treaty of rome . 
  it was incorporated into/absorbed by the eu with the treaty of maastricht and the treaty of lisbon . 
  the eu is as much a political union as it is an economic one . 
  no , the eu is a pluralist project , not a multicultural project . 
  of course , i 'm not saying that the eu is perfect . 
  april fools ? 
  the eu is the single best decision we have ever made . 
  i 'm not sure what to think of him as a politician , but as a person , he seems alright . 
  yes , that 's the nature of comment sections . 
  depends , imo . 
  if they go hurr look at me , ze first transgender pressy , i 'm not going to like them very much , because i do n't think sexuality or gender are interesting traits . 
  if they 're normal everyday people , i could n't give less of a flying f. . . ornication , but i 'm allergic to identity politics . 
  erdogan needs to be erdogone . 
  sounds like a textbook case of psychopathy . 
  clerics got the guillotine because of their noble status . 
  this one is also not in the name of atheism . 
  try again . 
  which were n't committed in the name of atheism , but in the name of communism . 
  there is a difference between destroying religion because it 's a threat to your political system , and opposing religion because you think it 's harmful . 
  militant atheism is a recent term . 
  there were no militant atheists a century ago , because the term is only a few decades old , and describes active opposition to religion , instead of mere disagreement . 
  not by violent means , either . 
  wrong . 
  they acted in the name of communism , mostly . 
  not in the name of atheism . 
  their atheism did n't compel them to do it , their ideology did . 
  nevermind the atrocities committed in the name of religion . 
  none were ever committed in the name of atheism . 
  no , that is exactly not it . 
  it means that muslims do n't get a free pass just because of their religion . 
  these kids need a psychological evaluation , and most likely treatment . 
  this kind of stuff is one of the hallmarks of psychopaths . 
  the brits abolished slavery before the us , so i guess we 're even ? 
  too late , the us did that in 1963/64 , the uk in 1970 , and if i 'm not mistaken , by now most countries prohibit paying women less for the same job . 
  i will , once i 've found a job , or saved enough money to live in germany . 
  but right now , i would have a hard time landing a job outside of frankfurt , cologne or munich , where i have connections in the games industry , since i 've dropped out of secondary education , and those cities are n't cheap . 
  also , the cost of living is much higher in germany than it is here in spain . 
  here i 'm doing fine with 1500 $ a month . 
  that barely covers rent and bills . 
  hell , most apartments in frankfurt cost about that much . 
  so , i 'm not getting far on a few thousand euros of savings either . 
  room-mating is n't an option , unless a friend of mine would be moving to germany , too . 
  most of those speech-restricting laws are remnants of the post-world war ii era , and are there with good reason . 
  every country has its `` shouting fire in a crowded theater '' - laws , even the us , either directly in the form of actual laws , or indirectly , in the form of court precedents . 
  gays could n't get married in the us until very recently , either . 
  the majority of germans are in favor of gay marriage , instead of civil union , as is the case at the moment . 
  legalizing gay marriage was actually a point in the koalitionsvertrag as far as i know . 
  it 'll probably get legalized before the end of the year , tbh . 
  inb4 muh gunz muh freeze peach , let 's just ignore all the homeless people dying in the streets , and people going bankrupt on medical bills , that 's not important !, 
  `` let 's gas da joos ! '', 
  `` hans , did you smoke crack again ? '', 
  women are on average a bit smarter than men , but the distribution is different . 
  women tend more towards the mean than men , as a result , there are more very smart men than women , but also more male morons than female ones . 
  that 's , i think in part why we have more einsteins and newtons than curies and rides . 
  it 's likely related to the fact that autism is way more prevalent among men . 
  i read a quote that puts it nicely : `` males are where nature experiments '' . 
  the german one , certainly . 
  i do in fact see facebook shitposters being fined , and i think in one case even jailed . 
  at least , germany is finally cracking down on hate-preachers . 
  here in spain , it 's quite a bit worse , as you 'll be fined or jailed if you criticize the police , or certain politicians . 
  no shits given about hate-preachers . 
  but it 's not . 
  hate speech laws are n't applied equally to different forms of hate speech . 
  islamist hate speech is often not prosecuted , while any criticism of those islamists sometimes is . 
  i have no idea , to be honest . 
  the government is more than capable of just declaring ( limited ? ), 
  martial law . 
  they did that when air traffic controllers were on strike a few years ago , for example . 
  i 'm not very well informed on the entire thing , but i 'm fairly certian the govt . 
  will do everything in their power to stop catalonia from leaving if they have to . 
  the autonomous communities do n't have the right to self-determination as far as i 'm aware . 
  they have limited administrative freedoms , but they do n't have the right to split off from spain . 
  they can try . 
  i doubt the spanish govt . 
  is going to go along with it . 
  do you really think the spanish government is going to let the state with the 4th largest gdp in the country break away ? 
  if catalonia goes `` adeu me 'n vaig '' , spain probably responds with `` de eso nada !, 
  not to mention that secession is n't constitutional . 
  battleship is a specific type of warship , though , that may just be my asperger 's taking over there :p, 
  the independence-class littoral combat ship ( it 's not a battleship ... ) is n't an american design , it 's actually an australian design . 
  no actual battleship has been designed since 1940 , which was the monana class , which never actually laid down . 
  iowas are beautiful ships though . 
  well , the problem with us germans is ... we 're all insipid bureaucrats . 
  that 's what we ** do ** . 
  true enough . 
  i picked 1542 for no other reason than it being centuries ago , as my intent was comedic effect , not historical accuracy . 
  all of which are backwards and unethical , at the risk of sounding like some kind of western supremacist ... which i would n't exactly see as an insult , either , to be honest . 
  my bad , i should have said `` sent a messenger '' . 
  ... and ? 
  1542 called , they want their backwards thinking back . 
  kind of . 
  you can leave the eu , that means that you have n't lost your sovereignty . 
  roughly translates into `` the bild consists , would n't you know , of fear , hate , tits and the weather report '' . 
  no , i do n't mean those , they 're large wooden walls with salt water running down over lots of branches . 
  found a photo of the exact structure i 'm talking about : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/gradierwerk2badnauheim.jpg they are used to produce salt as well , apparently . 
  the vapours which are apparently healthy for people with lung conditions , are a side-effect . 
  does n't islam mean `` submission [ to god ] '' ? 
  yep , that 's what i meant by ancient . 
  the part of town i grew up in was built over 1200 years ago . 
  there are salines * in a town nearby , which were originally built by the romans .
