  ** i hope that 's the right word , large wooden constructions with salt water running down , creating a healing sort of environment , much like near the sea *, 
  i 'd say it 's because much of europe is ancient , as a result , many of us have grown up in towns with old buildings . 
  it 's not better , but it 's often nicer to look at , and more familiar . 
  economically viable is probably the biggest challenge . 
  autopilots are already better than human pilots , after all . 
  i think the idea with these is rapid on-demand travel within major cities . 
  you call one , it picks you up , brings you to your destination , and it flies off to the next customer or to recharge . 
  given that both uber and airbus are betting big money on it happening , i 'm going to stay optimistic . 
  this is n't some guy building glorified leaf blowers . 
  since they 're unpiloted , that 's not an issue . 
  they 're oversized , people-carrying drones . 
  `` it 's not gon na happen soon , so stop trying to make it happen soon ! '', 
  gg wp flawless logic my dude . 
  nothing . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  possible , but i have n't kept close track of german politics as of late , most of my information comes from friends and colleagues in germany . 
  last i heard , he is n't going to be a candidate . 
  well , they 're both ugly as sin , so they even have something in common :p, 
  it 's mostly a case of `` if not merkel , then who ? '' . 
  there are n't any good enough alternatives . 
  maybe sch\u00e4uble ? 
  is it , though ? 
  if he 's talking by comparison with what he has planned , then it 's not silly at all . 
  we do , to a degree . 
  since just about all european countries are social democracies . 
  hooray for [ cheap plastic trees !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yjb4iq3.jpg ) got that in my bar , i do n't actually have one at home this year . 
  feliz navidad , or bon nadal , respectively in castilian and valencian . 
  good . 
  `` hate speech '' is a nebulous term that can be stretched wide enough to drive an 18-wheeler through it . 
  and disagreement on political issues can easily be construed into muh hate speech . 
  it 's time we got rid of the ridiculous anti-hate speech laws in europe . 
  wrong . 
  it would be hypocritical if he was only criticising it in one culture , but not others . 
  if he criticizes it in both , there is no hypocrisy here . 
  the question asked also leaves room for interpretation . 
  what does without consent mean ? 
  no verbal yes ? 
  if so , then most sex is rape . 
  because consent is usually given non-verbally . 
  good . 
  down with that disgusting plant !, 
  i 'm not involved in iter , so i have no ` agenda ' to push . 
  whether its tokamak energy , iter , or some other european company achieving breakeven first , is n't really important to me . 
  in my last comment , i listed several ways of covering our energy needs in the meantime . 
  a large tidal flow power plant in the strait of gibraltar could likely power a good portion of europe , we also have several other strong currents that we can tap into . 
  no , the 29 hour-long running reactor is a prototype , next year they aim to reach fusion temperatures ( 100 million kelvin ) , and breakeven by 2020-2021 , so they have a very promising timeline . 
  no , the result is that by 2048 , demo may be producing power commercially , at which point , `` traditional '' tokamak reactors would be market-ready . 
  of course we have to deal with this now , i 'm not denying that . 
  tidal , wind , ocean current , solar , fission , we have plenty of possibilities in the meantime . 
  we 're already at the point of running reactors for much longer , 29 hours being the current record . 
  reactors do n't need to be run for long to provide data . 
  they do n't rebuild the reactors , they analyze the fucktons of data they took . 
  and then they try for longer and longer burns . 
  you do n't seem to understand just how complex fusion reactors actually are , compared to other types of energy , fission in particular . 
  fusion is a lot more difficult to pull off than originally thought , that 's why we still have a grand total of one reactor that could produce more energy than it consumes , the jt60 in japan , if it were to be run on deuterium and tritium . 
  demo would produce power by 2048 , but iter , and thus demo , are n't the only game in town . 
  other , less efficient reactors are in development , such as the reactors being built by mswr , which are smaller , simpler , but produce less energy ( q = 8 , rather than the q = 25 of demo ) , and will be available much sooner . 
  but iter is as tokamak reactor , only one type of fusion reactor . 
  there are others , such as stellarators , which can be smaller than tokamaks for the same output , and can run continuously , whereas tokamaks have to be powered down periodically . 
  there are also pulsed reactors , like the ones msnw and helion energy build . 
  helion is actually developing a 50mw reactor , and aim to complete it in 2019 . 
  there 's also things like the polywell , and lockheed martin claim to be developing a power-producing reactor , too . 
  so , whereas tokamaks may well be another 20-30 years away before they produce power , fusion does n't depend solely on tokamaks . 
  they have given a date . 
  2025 for first plasma . 
  iter was n't a thing before 2007 , so once again , your criticism is n't valid . 
  no , that 's not what they do . 
  these huge science projects routinely fall behind schedule . 
  hubble , jwst , lhc , there are always delays and cost overruns . 
  iter is n't just science tests and experiments , it 's the first energy-positive fusion reactor we 'll ever build , and construction is well underway . 
  iter , which is short for international thermonuclear experimental reactor , by the way , is not built yet . 
  it 's under construction . 
  currently , it looks like it 'll be first powered up around 2025 . 
  iter wo n't produce excess power , because it wo n't have power generating equipment , but the energy released will still be 10x what 's being put in . 
  it does n't currently achieve break-even , but they expect to achieve that by 2020 . 
  iter is built for a q-value of 10 ( 500 mw output with a 50mw input ) . 
  i think the common criticism of fusion not having achieved breakeven , is invalid . 
  we have n't built any reactors designed for breakeven yet . 
  i have to correct myself : 29 hours is the longest sustained plasma in a tokamak . 
  china is actually an iter member , and the advances made with east , and other reactors , will probably be integrated into iter as well . 
  east is also much smaller than iter , but china is building an iter-class reactor . 
  the longest sustained plasma i could find so far , was france 's tore supra , at 6\u00a01/2 minutes . 
  and i think right now they 're also the largest investor in new energies , mostly molten salt reactors , fusion reactors , as well as wind , solar , hydro and tidal . 
  we 're at 105 seconds now , in china 's east reactor . 
  we 've never build a fusion reactor for the purpose of sustained fusion , so far , we 've been testing all sorts of systems and materials related to sustained fusion , but none of those tests require more than short pulses . 
  the jt60 in japan could have a q value above 1 , if it were capable of handling deuterium-tritium fusion , and iter , if it were to have power producing equipment , would be able to produce 5-10 times the energy it takes to run it . 
  but the truth is , fusion is much more complicated than fission , that 's why most estimates are usually off . 
  actually , fusion does n't face the same social opposition . 
  most anti-nuclear people i 've seen are firmly in favor of fusion . 
  exactly . 
  push iter more heavily , and immediately start building demo when iter has shown that it works . 
  if we can get fusion to work economically , we 'll be energy-independent of everyone . 
  scotland voted to stay in the uk , in a large part under the premise that they 'll be able to stay in the eu . 
  now that he uk voted to leave the eu , while scotland unanimously voted to stay , that 'll likely result in a new scottish independence-referendum , i think . 
  no , not yet . 
  they 're in too much turmoil at the moment , and have a fascist in power . 
  every time someone brings up germany 's nazi past in this manner , a puppy is kicked , a kitten dies , and a child somewhere gets leukemia . 
  stop it . 
  i 'm not proud of things i did n't do .
