if only i had more fingers to cross ... 
  ca n't we just agree reptilians did it ? 
  or a lobster ( not sure if it means the same species though ) . 
  no , by celebrating foreign holidays i 'm ... celebrating foreign holidays . 
  i have no influence if someone is offended by my action . 
  that 's a weird stance anyway as there 's always something offensive to someone - and i 'm pretty sure that the sole fact of my existence , my nationality or culture is also offensive to a bunch of people who do n't really like one of the labels i might be described with . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  no one is a property of either the family , or the culture , or the society and for sure the nation - if that is `` radical '' individualism for you than we miss entirely the common ground . 
  as that 's what individualism is in the first place , at all . 
  an ability and right to decide for your own , instead of handling this authority to the abstract entity . 
  what is `` radical '' in `` do your thing '' ? 
  what is wrong in celebrating the part you actualy want to celebrate , for whatever reason it might be ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't get it . 
  ok , now i see what did you mean . 
  if you put it like that i have to agree - mao 's policies led to reforms , 
  i do n't treat it as something bad - i know exactly what kind of bigos are you talking about  . 
  i just ca n't agree to limit a whole polish culinary into these two dishes ( plus schabowy with kapusta ) . 
  subed , thank you , 
  and why not ? 
  ca n't one just celebrate whatever he or she wants ? 
  in a matter of fact , what communist era achieved in a culinary was not that different on what it did achieve globaly - utter destruction and laming down through poverty . 
  pre-communist poland * had a really rich , abundant and delicious culinary , utilising all sort of herbs , venison , often local variations of the country-wide popular dishes . 
  these customs are slowly going back , at least as a restaurant niche , but it 's a long way to go yet to dethrone the `` polish cuisine '' as a majority know it , with pierogi and bigos . 
  i remember i had saved some good reading on the topic , just ca n't find it now . 
  * at least in the mid to top classes , as the poorest ones has always been eating `` whatever they could get '' . 
  again , ca n't agree with you . 
  what mao tried to achieve ( and achieved ) was on the other side from what xiaoping did . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` maoism created the environment that made deng 's policies possible '' ? 
  i 'd say it 's exactly opposite - china is a capable world economic power because they scrapped the maoism . 
  via wikipedia :  deng opened china to foreign investment , the global market and limited private competition . 
  he is generally credited with developing china into one of the fastest-growing economies in the world for over 35 years and raising the standard of living of hundreds of millions of chinese . 
  depends what do you want to consider a `` bigger bady '' . 
  a delibaretely killing millions to sustain your reign , or to bring death to millions by the stupidity oiled with a zealotism . 
  yeah , sorry , you 're right . 
  making jokes about wwii every time a german person is around is so mature and fun . 
  my bad mate . 
  why ? 
  is beeing born in a particular country makes you responsible for its ancestry and history ? 
  you ca n't say anything about jews if you are german because `` hurr durr war '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that / u/madwill101 did not burn any synagogue , thus your comment is ... not relevant at least . 
  grow up . 
  two oblivious teenagers noticed what war and killing is actualy about ? 
  well , i can only hope they will make it safe and spread a word about it , as there are way too many warriors in the younger generations . 
  well ... janusze is used to describe everyone who treat football just like a sport , not a battlefield or a place to voice political sympathies with a huge antigov transparents . 
  at least that 's how it looks like . 
  unskilled minimum wage jobs position will always be over-flooded , no matter where and when you want to measure it . 
  it 's actualy a very simple supply and demand - there are more people with low/no skills , entitled to do no/low skills jobs than there are jobs positions . 
  entrepreneur would have to be nuts to hire higher paid individual when he has someone who agrees to work for less avalaible . 
  immigration might make a problem more sound , but is not the reason . 
  i do n't think these numbers should claim kia russians . 
  the methodology of the organisation is poor to say at least . 
  frankly speaking just a pick a country of your choice and shoot any date . 
  whichever and whenever you point , there 's a lot of writing and research to do , 
  what about working and rent seeking that exists and actualy is a mid-c ? 
  there 's a lot of space between the 1 % , and blue collar you know . 
  should ? 
  global society should be composed from caring and sympathetic people , that are able to restrain their own negative emotions and actions that follow these emotions . 
  well educated and critical thinking , to be resistant from various propagandas ( national , ideological to religious ) effects . 
  follow the ethics that are based on logic , crafted to benefit the mankind - as a whole and as a particular human . 
  finaly , having such society , it would n't have to governed at all . 
  beautiful vision of `` should '' is n't it ? 
  it 's just a pitty that 's completely unachievable in the predictable future . 
  so ... since we 're not living in the `` should '' reality , let 's get back to earth . 
  i do n't know what does this fta contain . 
  i admit i have no time to read , understand , verify , learn then elaborate possible and plausible scenarios so i could finally pose a verdict whether it 's `` good '' or `` bad '' . 
  my question is : do you ? 
  you as a person or you as your society ? 
  nothing personal , but i doubt it . 
  i 'm the 1 % apologist ? 
  because i 've noticed the ( obvious as i thought ) conclussion from history , that revolutions are always ending bad not for the wealthiest top of establishment it 's always aiming at , but for the mid-class and below people ? 
  please stop using strawman arguments . 
  i 'm sorry but history has proven that the political system is only a part of a success . 
  societies were growing and developing long before democratic systems were introduced in post-classical world , many ( cultural , economical or scientifical ) jumps were achieved during a strict elitarian regimes . 
  a legitimate gov ! = democratic one either , and this point is again proven by history ( legitimisation can be obtained by various means - through religion , ideology , social engineering , populism etc ) . 
  in a matter of fact democracy has a very short history , mostly backed up with very un-democratic shadowy actions govs had to perform to maintain its form and prosperity of their countries . 
  personaly i 'd risk a thesis that democracy , as described in its very core as `` a rule of the people '' is an utopia , unrealistic idea that can not be implemented wholy thus will never be considered as functioning . 
  it shares the very same flaw with many other utopistic systems - it has too much faith in mankind 's good will . 
  what has the democracy to do with it ? 
  of course , just as the hate toward minorities is - to bend them to conservative / racial supremation / whatever way of life and thinking . 
  homoseksuals to begin their `` treatment '' or at least stop demanding equal rights , racial to impose segregation and/or caste-like social system and so on , and so on . 
  i 'd advice to become familiar with the after effects of every single revolution that has been done . 
  from french , through numerous colonial , 1917 , iranian or name it by yourself . 
  who was the revolution against in the first place , and what did it do and who was hurt mostly in them . 
  i doubt any sane person would still want a revolution having that knowledge . 
  to steal an iphone you want your victim to be obedient and submissive and give it to you from his pocket , without fight if possible . 
  the only case when obedience and submission are not the case is either when there 's no physical contact between criminal and victim , or the criminal is a psychopath . 
  that 's the bottom line of the criminology as far as i remember . 
   hate crimes serve to threaten and distress other members of that community into silence and submission . 
  every single crime has that purpose if you want to be exact . 
  if in exchange for new stage i can loose my head just because i happened to work slightly harder than others , thus having slightly more than others ... then thank you but no thank you . 
  fat sharks that revo is aiming for in theory will escape abroad from revolution , and only a mid class will be hit by it ( as always ) . 
  both claims are from the family `` involved know it is true , and yet it never will be directly proved '' . 
  either you trust the author on this matter , or not . 
  i 'd say he 's right in both cases as a citizen of post-soviet country , that has such echo bouncing around even after 25 years of westernisation and freedom . 
  yes , the `` deeply concerns '' should be replaced with the `` all-out protest '' . 
  next news on pravda.ru should be about chech republic supporting ukraine with their aircraft carrier fleet . 
  my thought exactly . 
  we do n't need more trading `` investors '' pumping up speculative bubble . 
  my personal guess is this ride was n't even meant to happen succesfuly . 
  it serves just to stir in the kettle and be used as another propaganda leverage .
