  the limit should be whether the candidate country and the eu are ready for it and willing , why care about some line in the sand ? 
  new zealand or canada can be considered for all i care . 
  ( i believe the eu has grown way too fast in the past few years , but that 's a different matter ), 
  have you ever considered becoming a journalist ? 
  more of them should ask questions like that ... 
  so red because we were too cheap to buy new flags . 
  i 'll buy that . 
  let 's tell tourists it 's a sunset over the sea though, 
  true , and i 'll admit some early controversy about this does n't hurt ... it 's better to be heard before the politicians are committed , and good to be aware of thunderclouds on the horizon, 
  not that we should n't worry , but all of the points you mention are under the heading `` to be discussed '' . 
  which means , as clearly stated on the first page , that they are - new , or - need reformulating , or - are contested it 's an internal document , the only thing you can say is that within cleanit they are discussing whether they should advise this scary stuff . 
  governments and institutions are catching up with the internet . 
  the playground as we know it wo n't last, 
  what would be the point about working on issues that you firmly believe should not be done ( by the eu ) ? 
  ukip represents voters who want less of meddling by brussels , not more . 
  as for the salaries and such ... like all mep 's they grab what they can get . 
  the real crime is that they can claim it in the first place . 
  if anything it 's an argument for reducing the ridiculous eu compensations . 
  *** edit *** after a quick look at the posts below , a request : please do not downvote because you disapprove of someone 's opinion , that 's not what downvoting is for, 
  at least he got laid though, 
  it 's only one soul , we have one in every 100,000 people or so . 
  it would help if our politicians admitted the money lent to greece is lost . 
  the current debt simply can not be paid , ever . 
  kick them out , convert the debt to drachmes and be done with it . 
  the article gives a good overview of the situation , but it ignores individual nation 's responsibilities to their citizens to when the proposed ` solution ' involves : - giving away billions and possibly limitless taxpayer 's money to banks and/or nations ( lending at near 0 % or loans that can not be repaid ) ; - putting the decision to do that in the hand of a 3rd party you have no control over, 
  ` why ? 
  because time and again , we have allowed doubts to spread ' be afraid . 
  be very afraid . 
  thanks !, 
  now to find out how to get rid of it . . ah done, 
  it really depends on what the vvd stance is . 
  they said no more ( extra ) money for greece less than a week before the election ` unless greece carries out the reforms ' , but few people believe they mean it . 
  no eurosceptic parties are likely to be part of a coalition, 
  you are quoting an eu report ... 
  probably not what you 're looking for , but maybe a start : the fastest result i can think of would come from the dutch news stream you can watch at http://nos.nl/nieuws/live/journaal24/ ( try first if that works outside holland ) . 
  we do n't have constituencies in the netherlands , seats in parliament are divided by % of the total vote . 
  they 'll probably show regional differences though . 
  maybe not , but if there 's any institution that has explaining to do it 's the eu . 
  sadly , i doubt barroso will answer any eu-critical questions at all . 
  whatever he does answer will be incomprehensible ( both because of language skills and content ) anyway . 
  if there was a decent election for the eu parliament , maybe ... but since you still have to vote for a national candidate who in turn is in some vague way connected through weird alliances to god knows who this is kind of different . 
  nigel farage linked to our religious conservative nutters , our moderate christian party candidates ( previous election ) linked to berlusconi . 
  the eu voting system makes no sense at all . 
  as you probably know , the dutch senate does not have a huge tradition of blocking legislation for political reasons . 
  there 's already talk about getting rid of the senate completely , i doubt they 'd dare to start in the middle of a crisis, 
  our last vvd-led ` right-wing ' government introduced and planned unpopular plans to balance the budget . 
  a lot of their measures affect lower incomes , healthcare , future pensions , people with a disability , students and development aid . 
  by dutch standards , the interventions were very blunt . 
  i think as a result a lot of voters who traditionaly voted for labour wanted to vote left ` double ' to counter the vvd , so they went for the socialists instead . 
  also , the labour party ( pvda ) has a reputation of making a 180 degree turn and tagging along with right-wing policies once they 're in government ( deserved or not ) . 
  i would like to point that this would be a massive incentive to move jobs to asia, 
  the irony here is that the dutch state is the only shareholder, 
  this research project has been around for a while , and although i think the entire idea is insane they are not secretive about it like us 's trapwire . 
  check out http://www.indect-project.eu/ for info, 
  i 've so far been a supporter of the un because they provide a somewhat public forum where countries humanitarian problems and policies are debated . 
  i believe this encourages most countries to try to keep the moral high ground . 
  it does n't always work , but it provides a stimulus and there 's not much else to keep governments from going completely nuts . 
  odd that unesco is so favoured though , my impression of them was that they are some loon commissions assigning monument status to random stuff . 
  in general terms , they will want more income dependant taxation and taxation of corporations to reduce the deficit and limit the damage for lower and middle incomes . 
  they also want to take more time to balance the budget ( they actually do have a decent budget ready , but it 's not a very pleasant one for corporations , employers or wealthy people ) . 
  they want the eu to meddle less in national affairs as well . 
  the fear is that the sp will escalate a conflict over our deficit with the eu , alienating holland from its vital trading partners . 
  the truth is our polls show a hopelessly divided and polarized society . 
  it looks like a new government will be led by either by the conservative socialists ( tax the rich and tax the corporations ) or by the conservative liberals ( policies comparable to the us republicans , without the religion issue ) . 
  however , no majority will be possible with less than 3 parties . 
  so no one is likely to get anything done , and the current budget agreed with the eu will probably stand with few changes . 
  obviously meant sarcastically , but you did not repeat several points when you asked again for evidence after receiving the links reply . 
  that could be interpreted as conceding the points left out . 
  what i meant is that you seem oddly blind to evil done by the us government , no matter the evidence . 
  what would you accept as evidence ? 
  lightning bolts and an angry voice from the sky ? 
  so you do agree that they do prove that if america does n't like you , you get dragged into guantanamo without trial indefinitely , held in poland and tortured ? 
  if they play it right this will be a major tourist attraction odd that his aura diminished too by the way edit : come to think of it , i 'm rather inclined to call bs on the whole thing . 
  perhaps some reporter fell to a photoshop scam for the original picture ? 
  it 's so hard to choose ... geert wilders proposing the [ head rag tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/head_rag_tax ) in parliament maybe ... 
  but also his opposition , jolanda sap of the green party showing wilders how to [ pull the plug ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drcvytgbk90&amp;t=0m58s ) on the coalition . 
  my personal favourite is our most underestimated prime minister , jan peter balkenende encouraging the netherlands to [ embrace optimism and the `` voc '' mentality ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbn8xjby2b8&amp;t=0m5s ) . 
  the `` toch ? '', 
  ( `` right ? '' ), 
  at the end is priceless  translated : `` let us be happy with one another ! '', 
  `` let us be optimistic ! '', 
  `` let us say : the netherlands is able again ! '', 
  `` that east india company mentality ! '', 
  `` looking across the border ! '', 
  < three second pause  `` right ? '', 
  ( for non-dutch people : the voc or dutch east india company was responsible for a lot of our prosperity during the `` golden age '' of the netherlands . 
  that age was n't good for the people we put to work on the plantations though , and our attempts at slave trade in the west were matched in cruelty only by the british ), 
  thanks for the fast reply  sounds like it 's a very difficult concept to use/prove in a trial . 
  an abusive relationship is not the issue here , so i 'd argue that unless she was frozen in terror after she woke up , or told him to stop , or hit him , or ran away at the earliest opportunity , it 'd be permission and not acceptance and possibly his word against hers . 
  so there is no way it would hold up . 
  if i read the article correctly uk courts have n't considered this in any detail though . 
  the magistrates ' court might as well have summarized their ruling as tl ; dr. 
  can you explain the difference between permission and acceptance where sex is concerned ? 
  surely acceptance is implied permission and i do n't have to ask and get a yes on everything we do ? 
  ( no criticism intended , i really do n't understand this ) else , til i 'm a rapist :(, 
  five , even numbered , statements of assagne supporters are addressed and legal arguments against those statements are explained . 
  this is not a neutral article , which is fine as long as the reader is aware of this, 
  a head on a silver plate appears to suffice, 
  i 'm just guessing at this , but the uk did n't revive a ridiculous charge at a convenient time or had him tracked down by interpol . 
  also , publicity is his best defense against suddenly disappearing,
