  tl ; dr : it 's a good thing people are given the chance to adapt their own home to what they like, 
  maybe someone could photoshop them into 1 monarch, 
  yeah i expected murdoch to be in jail by now, 
  you are culturally closer to ireland ( beer ) than france ( wine ), 
  probably because women often work in holland , but usually part-time . 
  we do have a fair amount of holidays though ( especially when compared to open prisons like the us ), 
  nowhere on http://www.eeagrants.org can i find anything about norway 's contribution being a requirement for access to the common market though . 
  looks more like a voluntary kind of development aid or investment in developing countries to me . 
  are you sure access to the common market is bought this way ? 
  i do n't get it , why would norway be paying membership fees when they 're not a member ? 
  ( i do n't speak viking ), 
  a nice analysis but sadly and as usual only empty rhetoric when it comes to solutions, 
  i do n't know about ashton , but as a reference for a mep : salary of 8000 eur per month , taxed at 20-30 % additional : general compensations 4300 per month ( intended for administration/office costs ) additional : compensation for all work related travel costs ( business class/1st class railway / 0,50 eur per kilometer , with a maximum of eur 4334 per year ) additional : 304 eur per day for being present at official meetings ( source : http://www.parlement.com/9353000/1/j9vvj1gor340pz8/vh8lnhrrl0g8 ) it 's difficult to be sure though , there are also extra ( insane ) benefits with an instant huge pension and stuff , and many mep 's treating parliament as a part-time job while making money on the side . 
  canvas made a report on it [ here ] ( http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/2237061/2582bf03 ) , unfortunately in dutch . 
  if you lease a tank , does it come with insurance ? 
  whatever curse may have visited us , blair dit not become president of the european union, 
  wilders raises some valid concerns in his speech which really should be addressed by government and the other parties but his ideas do n't have much merit besides shock value , and are very dangerous if taken seriously . 
  he makes a point but never provides any real solution to anything . 
  i hope you 're willing to listen to * all * he says in his hour long speech , and form an opinion how his ideas could be implemented and what that would mean . 
  how are we going to close the borders , exactly ? 
  saying we should n't let asylum seekers in doens ' t make them disappear . 
  are we going to build an electrified fence around the entire border of the netherlands or the eu 's ? 
  if not , what are we going to do with those that get in ? 
  if we do , what are we going to with those that try to get in by force ? 
  what if they set up camp at the border ? 
  if we 're going to deport them , how and where ? 
  belgium , germany , syria ? 
  are we going to dump them without supplies in the desert ? 
  are we going to set up camps in iraq ? 
  kill them all ? 
  what about those who do n't have id , and refuse to say where they 're from ? 
  are we going to let them in but not allow them any benefits , place to stay or a right to work legitimately ? 
  if we want to figure out all this later , what do we do with them in the meantime ? 
  unfortunately people have the feeling their future is threatened since the crisis and the loss of job security , social security , healthcare , pensions and just about everything else . 
  compassion and generosity are offseason now . 
  when government then lies * again * about another issue that 's going to cost us it 's tempting to support someone who lashes out at authority, 
  it would probably be more humane and less cowardly to shoot them or to introduce reforms including slavery . 
  your idea would make for a better tv-show though . 
  comparatively speaking , sending them off to survive by living off either illegal ( ! ), 
  aid or crime seems almost sane . 
  to be fair , most ways to generate power run on politics, 
  as our own army has been reduced to 50 generals , a prius and a plane that ca n't fly i suppose it does n't really matter, 
  the only thing i can think of is that the imf might have made promises to force the eurozone to allow debt restructuring ; it 's the only way the deal makes any sense to me . 
  that 'd give the eu politicians the appearance of having ` won ' , while giving a really good reason for the greeks to support a deal that appears to border on insanity . 
  the eu could in that case support greece ` voluntarily ' with a magnanimous gesture at a later date . 
  that 's all speculation though , maybe we 'll find out in 20 years in some history program what really happened, 
  what would that achieve ? 
  if syriza did n't make a difference , no party will, 
  greece already owes them 130 billion . 
  i suppose they assume it 's more likely that some of that might be repaid if a deal is reached . 
  likely it 'll end up being more good money thrown after bad but they are pretty desperate to hide their incompetence, 
  i hope and assume this is all just to obscure the greeks ' preparations for printing drachmas . 
  if this proposal is tried it 'll end in bloody revolution, 
  would n't that apply to the lowering of effective interest rates just as well though ? 
  yet somehow they have cut back hugely on spending , that does n't make sense . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'd have voted no as well unless a yes means an actual guarantee of debt relief at some fixed point in time ( to my knowledge it does n't or does n't anymore for some reason ), 
  you may well be right that it would cost more , but : * the eurozone would need near ( maybe even complete ) unanimity to pledge a huge amount of cash when trust in greece has dropped to 0 ; * eurozone politicians have been made to look like idiots , and * the greek population basically just told everyone to piss off . 
  i just do n't see it happening, 
  actually no , a strong no would give us an excuse to abandon greece completely . 
  i doubt it would make it easier to gather support for debt relief ( the money has to come from * somewhere * ), 
  syriza only represents about 36 % of the population and this decision would have a massive impact on the future of greece, 
  this post seems such a contrast with the one before on the 28th of june . 
  it 's like it was written by a completely different person, 
  the problem with a practical argument like that is that they can always make en exception for banks and then it 'll be fine . 
  the point should be imo that the government can not be trusted with such invasive power and that we should have a right to private communication if we want to . 
  what i do n't understand is why the reduction of debt ( 125 % by 2020 , < 110 % by 2022 ) are `` targets '' in that article rather than guarantees made by the eurozone in nov 2012 . 
  even less clear is whether there was any kind of guarantee like that in the referendum 's deal, 
  does anyone know if the november 2012 debt relief promise from the eurozone , which it seems would result in a massive bailout in 2020 , would apply in the case of a yes-vote ? 
  from [ v 's eloquent text ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3be6sx/as_it_happened_yanis_varoufakis_intervention/ ) it seems to be : * too much burden on ` weakest members of society ' ; pensioners and farmers * prevention/frustration of legislation to protect against exploitation of workers * the vat increase mostly though that this deal does not in itself give any prospect for recovery or improvement, 
  busy day for a sunday at the ecb . 
  i suppose a chance at a peaceful resolution is worth the money to them and with a referendum politicians on both sides save face no matter the result . 
  a `` guaranteed '' end to the greek crisis would require a gift of about 150 bn , more or less , provided greece would n't decide to go on a shopping spree . 
  that is a lot . 
  ` we ' would have to steal that money somehow from other countries like germany , france and the uk . 
  the money this round should n't really matter much in itself as it 's part of a package already agreed upon ; what should matter is what will be needed in the future . 
  another problem is that countries like spain , portugal , and italy are not doing as well as people think and the eu really would n't be able to afford to help those out in the same way when interest rates rise . 
  they could hold a non-binding referendum and promise to respect the results i suppose, 
  you are still vastly more likely to get killed by your spouse , your own father or a rampaging cow, 
  i suppose that at least means an end to it . 
  we 'll see how bad the fallout is in the coming months, 
  yet afaik the money we 're talking about has already been granted to greece years ago . 
  a lot of the reforms that were demanded at the time did n't work and some of them are more political than economical anyway so some change would n't be that odd in itself . 
  unfortunately newspaper reports have been increadibly vague on details when it comes to which reforms the greeks want changed and what is acceptable or not to the ecb/imf . 
  it 's not clear to me whether there are any real greek proposals at all , or whether the ecb/imf is willing to make any concession . 
  if this is all a negotating tactic i expect it will fail miserably for everyone . 
  until the introduction of the euro i always wondered why we had a [ mountain range ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x4nhj33.jpg ) on our coin, 
  ... but what does it say ? 
  this proposal is n't even its final form, 
  conjecture : it 's a list of people they 're not willing to talk to in negotiations because of things they 've said publicly , insulting/embarassing russia ; a warning to the eu not to bring them along . 
  publishing the list was probably the idea of someone on it ( look at how scared they are of me ... ) i do n't know if this is common practice but i suspect it is : call obama a mass murderer or a threat to world peace and you probably will not be at the negotation table because that would imply they take you seriously . 
  better not , we might get the inquisition back, 
  i wonder if we 'll get a new traffic sign to clarify that , and what it would look like, 
  well , you do n't get uprisings if 12.5 % discontent is spread out evenly , basic policing is sufficient . 
  100 % discontent in a single city means you have to station an army there to keep order . 
  source : i played civilization 1 . 
  greece has a lot of islands, 
  finally someone is asking the hard questions, 
  excellent ... crazy non-violent protest with lots of press coverage , and breaks the bubble these people live in, 
  actually , [ the motion was accepted that the netherlands should call on turkey to seek reconcilliation with armenia ] ( http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/detail?id=2015d13043&amp;did=2015d13043 ) . 
  the motion also states that it is important for both parties to accept the other 's views on the matter , and contains a reference to a motion passed in 2004 about making talk about recognition of the armenian genocide possible in dialogue with turkey .
