  war crimes including torture are ` much less important ' ???? 
  get your priorities straight, 
  do n't be silly , a european arrest warrant was massive overkill at the time . 
  maybe you forgot the * bolivian president 's plane * was grounded to get to snowden ? 
  many european countries colluded with that one and wikileaks was bigger than what snowden released ... it 's not paranoia when they 're really all out to get you, 
  silly question of the day - what are `` in-work '' benefits ? 
  the inner circle of bosnia and herzegovina 's parliament is interesting though , i wonder what it 's for, 
  being an arsehole does not make you a rapist and certainly does n't qualify you for the kind of warrant they issued for assange . 
  [ seek , and ye shall find ] ( https://duckduckgo.com/?q=french+baret&amp;t=ffsb&amp;iax=1&amp;ia=images&amp;iai=http%3a%2f%2f3.bp.blogspot.com%2f-etaok1i6bxm%2ftpxgrmiw5ci%2faaaaaaaacbs%2fmdlc82mz8jk%2fs640%2fcat%2bberet.jpg ), 
  problem solved, 
  3 months `` the power you give me , i will lay down once this crisis has abated '', 
  in france , there are about 700 murders and 10,000 suicides - and more than 200,000 attempts - * every year * . 
  i do n't think handing out guns randomly will improve matters . 
  which is why it 's all the more important to decide where to set the limit for surveillance . 
  no matter how many powers the government gets it will never be considered ` enough ' , and if surveillance powers are not checked the western world will keep losing what makes it worth fighting for . 
  2 votes and then only 10 % of the ep from the european list seems a bit pointless . 
  why not 50 or even better 100 % , if your goal is a european government ? 
  looks like the last remnants of the old republic are being swept away, 
  syria only has about 20 million people or so though . 
  it 's going to be empty soon, 
  let 's be realistic though , syria will not be safe within our lifetime, 
  his version of islam is just way hotter, 
  look at it this way : you have the lowest % of marriages ending in death, 
  you ask the us to do it for you . 
  apple will not take a stand against the us government, 
   and make a democratic decision in favour of ~ ~ or against ~ ~ this deal, 
  they probably wo n't worry about losing 13 billion in contributions to the eu either , i 'm sure moldova can compensate . 
  depends ... are we talking about roman , italian , arabic , english , welsh , scots , irish , german , hungarian , norwegian , portuguese , russian , croatian , international or nautical miles ? 
  in which case he probably ca n't do much about it except fill in the crash record form, 
  parents are the worst kind of people for raising children, 
  switserland . 
  they are completely surrounded and will have to yield at some point, 
  i admit i would n't expect somethinglike that in a dutch newspaper . 
  it 's just my impression that british tabloids do stuff like this all the time and i assume british people read them for amusement rather than as a trusted news source . 
  freedom of the press is under fire enough as it is , i 'd rather not this end up as another call for censorship for political reasons . 
  being able to criticise government is just as important ... 
  ca n't you get fired in germany for mentioning your salary to colleagues ? 
  i had such high hopes for the french socialists . 
  i still do n't understand what they did exactly to be this unpopular . 
  i like this sentence from the guardian : `` the guardian understands the item is believed to have been a homemade device , possibly constructed with the intention of exploding '', 
  `` plain-clothed police with masks , they had guns [ ... ] '' wait , what ? 
  obviously , the uk government will have to make an example of this company . 
  after all , there must be a threat , a risk , a price for leaving . 
  obviously this will result in massive sanctions and/or fines, 
  well , dutch people do n't trust credit cards . 
  ideal has 2-way verification whereas credit cards basically allow plundering of an account by everyone that ever glanced at the card . 
  he 's got a very different perspective than i do but he 's made plenty of posts with valuable insights . 
  it appears the treaty means once a liberal government decides to privatize things like energy or public transport , subsequent governments will not be able to reverse the decision . 
  also like any free trade agreement it encourages a race to the bottom in terms of wages, 
  either way , no one seems to be held accountable . 
  life is cheap these days, 
  that logic would be my worry ; it must be more efficient but hospitals would be under financial pressure to get as many organs as possible . 
  it 'd become part of the budget a hospital depends on . 
  slightly offtopic , but can hospitals sell surplus organs to other hospitals ? 
  the homeless , runaways and illegal immigrants would n't i suppose . 
  also unless the government actively gives a warning ( e.g. 
  a letter to everyone and in the future one at age 12 and 18 / lessons at school ) most people wo n't know about it, 
  basically , this is a major achievement of the ns and prorail, 
  we can do that as well !, 
  behold the horror that is the [ resident ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vbht0 ) in the hague, 
  well ... 
  i 'm assuming it 's an epic troll attempt but ... http://www.west-midlands.police.uk/latest-news/news.aspx?id=4923, 
  who are you thinking of ? 
  longest serving was mitterrand , who turned out to be a terrorist himself . 
  as concluded in an ` independent ' report with the sole purpose of finding exclusively anything that might support the narrative of requiring bulk powers , written by someone with a blind faith in government and intelligence services . 
  looks like you 're spot on ... 10 years sentence , but released after half that, 
  where do you see 6 months ? 
  wikipedia : `` later in 2010 , ibrahim was sentenced to 10 years in prison , but was released on parole in 2014 under the condition that he did not leave the country for longer than a month '', 
  it 's probably the safest for france if you lock this guy up for a while, 
  i do n't know , this sounds like a very slippery slope, 
  somehow i ca n't see a mississexit happening to be honest, 
  thanks . 
  the 100k appears to have originated from the daily mail and was then copied by the british papers ( including the independent ) but is [ denied in nice matin ] ( http://www.nicematin.com/faits-divers/non-mohamed-lahouaiej-bouhlel-na-pas-envoye-100000-euros-a-sa-famille-en-tunisie-avant-lattentat-65205 ) . 
  not sure how reliable either side is unfortunately, 
  which will not help in any way whatsoever except to eradicate civil liberties . 
  i suppose this was inevitable for political reasons but i wo n't set foot in france while it 's a police state and i 'm afraid most measures will be made permanent soon in some patriot-act like proposal . 
  by the way , as far as i know the attacker in nice had received no support for it from any islamic organisation . 
  any news to the contrary ? 
  seems sensible . 
  you do n't want to rush trade deals either and it 's probably not very good for your bargaining position if the other side knows you 've got a deadline to meet, 
  i know it 's not an important part of the article but i think it 's funny it contains yet another accusation against corbyn for ` not respecting democracy ' by refusing to step down . 
  as far as i know he was elected by his party members but the labour elite have been desperately trying to get rid of him ever since . 
  you do n't know that , google 's algorithms are one of the best kept company secrets, 
  our government 's position was more cowardly than that . 
  they supported the us and uk by giving ` political support ' but did not contribute militarily because of the overwhelming ani-war sentiment among the population . 
  presumably , it was feared the us would hurt us badly in trade . 
  greed and fear brought the coalition together, 
  taking the wrong turning is a mistake . 
  knowingly going to war on false premises and fabricated evidence is mass murder . 
  i suggest we vote on that, 
  no worries , i 've seen article 7 mentioned in some newspapers as well but i just do n't see how it could apply, 
  i 'd gild this if it would n't be odd for a link to someone else 's article . 
  war is not a game . 
  i do n't * care * if they can fight , i do n't want to send women into a combat zone . 
  on what grounds ? 
  article 7 is for when another hitler is chosen within the eu . 
  for some reason our atms dispense mostly 50s . 
  you get unhappy looks when you try to pay with them though, 
  it 's [ pretty obvious ] ( http://imgur.com/dz0owhq ) that it 's a joke surely, 
  too many fish , ec warns , in the absense of permanent management plans for the north sea and north western waters in the recently amended cod stock recovery plan,
