  a previous motion on a similar subject a week earlier did not pass . 
  it called on the dutch government to refer to it ` the armenian genocide of 1915 ' rather than , as is currently done , ` the matter of the armenian genocide ' in other words , parliament did n't ` recognise ' the genocide and the issue is not considered important enough to anger the turks in our country whom as i understand it would consider it an insult to the concept of modern turkey and their most important national hero ( atat\u00fcrk ) . 
  maybe a turk could explain better why it matters so much to them though . 
  heads , spikes , walls . 
  feel free to point out if this is nonsense but these are my suspicions : 1 ) quite a lot of the ukranian army having friends and family on the russian/rebel side 2 ) rebel forces aided by significant and organised forces with combat experience 3 ) rebel forces supplied with russian intelligence and supply chains planned in advance , paid for by russia 4 ) the ukranian army has probably been neglected over the last years and was not prepared for an invasion 5 ) restraint from kiev putting the military on the defensive , hoping western countries will still intervene or a way would be found to de-escalate / come to a peaceful solution avoiding a lot of civilian casualties or escalation into a full russian invasion, 
  would be nice if lawmakers would at least consider what happens when these services turn against politicians , journalists , organisations and just about everyone that does n't suit their agenda . 
  if you want to become like russia then by all means continue, 
  people this is europe , we should be talking about fuel efficiency, 
  i think it 's been done once ( the f-117 shot down in 1999 ) . 
  not easily though, 
  maybe body language is one of them, 
   and will assemble dutch aircraft as well must ... not ... mention ... fyra . . 
  or maybe , you know , democracy or something, 
  it 's a licence to print money !, 
  agreed ; there may be a lot of reasons to distrust the government but this document is not one of them . 
  the bit under ` where we should be in 10 years ' appears to mean : 1 focus more on international crime 2 increase expertise in analysing data 3 agree on crime fighting priorities every few years or so , and agree on plans and actions on an eu level while i expect nr . 
  2 will wreck privacy anyway , they even state this is more important than extra powers for the police . 
  if you win you have to pay for organising the next one though, 
  50 % resistance to frost, 
  i imagine research for gmo food also carries unpredictable risks, 
  can i borrow a million or so from you at 0 % interest ? 
  i 'll pay it back in the next millenium . 
  they did add just about every planned agreement to the assocation agreement in some form . 
  unfortunately , it 's not exactly clear which part of the agreement was rejected . 
  while i do n't think it was a major consideration for anyone voting , visa-free travel does increase the risk posed by organised crime . 
  yes but vvd/pvda are being slaughtered in the polls anyway . 
  personally i think our government will sign the unaltered ( or only cosmetically altered ) treaty anyway but they are waiting for an opportunity to use it as leverage against the eu on other matters . 
  they really should have put a lid on that one fast . 
  at least no one would 've been sure it was dead . 
  for many goods and services there is no such thing as a realistic price though, 
  the required turnout is meaningless in a non-binding referendum, 
  they are also not happy with the european commission because the ec wo n't budge on debt relief which the imf considers to be essential for any viable solution . 
  meaning you can probably get on such a list fairly easily . 
  depending on how we was flagged i think he might only have gotten searched at the airport and that 'd have been it . 
  in that case , it would n't have made any difference . 
  i see the turks claim to have labeled him as a ` foreign fighter ' returning from syria though ; that would have warranted an arrest . 
  this is probably going to sound stupid , but would it have made any difference ? 
  i do n't see anywhere that there was an actual arrest warrant against ibrahim . 
  he was on a counterterrorism watch list but that does n't mean much , the tsdb has 400,000 people on it, 
  according to reuters , he was charged [ within 3 days with corruption and tax fraud ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-portugal-corruption-socrates-idukkcn0j828520141124 ), 
  that 's not ( yet ) required in belgium or the netherlands, 
   `` even with the eu in general , there 's an infiltration of jihadists that 's been happening for two decades . 
  and now they 're just starting to work on this . 
  when we have to contact these people or send our guys over to talk to them , we 're essentially talking with people who are -- i 'm just going to put it bluntly -- children . 
  these are not pro-active , they 're do n't know what 's going on . 
  they 're in such denial . 
  it 's such a frightening thing to admit their country is being taken over . '' ... says a man whose job depends on fear, 
  also , you only ever remember about them when the store goes bankrupt, 
  whenever some kind of attack happens , i suffer from compulsive fantasies about doing something like this ( in reality , i suspect i 'd just freeze ) . 
  well done . 
  obviously not beer/wine ( alcohol ) or fizzy drinks ( plastic ) . 
  presumably , that leaves us with perrier or milk . 
  after all , when you eliminate the impossible then whatever remains , however improbable , * must * be the truth . 
  according to the article mentioned by low_discrepancy below , youths may have been getting impatient because they were blocked from going back to their homes near where the raids took place , which also means they could n't check up on their family . 
  could be political correctness of course , but sounds convincing to me . 
  to be honest i 'd be pretty worried if a raid took place somewhere in my street . 
  for muslims living in molenbeek , i expect you can add fear and mistrust of the police to the mix . 
  with all the anti-muslim sentiment , a state of emergency and terrorism legislation that would n't be overly paranoid either, 
  except for the radioactive tapwater ... 
  except i 've got no idea what it means , which is probably the point . 
  surely the ecb is n't printing money to exchange it for shares from shady companies ? 
  the way i understand it , the 1eur/hr is the ` official ' wage which gets increased by a ` living allowance ' . 
  the effect is that they 're not paid all that badly , but they do end up costing half as much as a dutch employee and barely pay tax . 
  on top of that , they get compensation in romania for their low wages ... basically , it 's a very shady ( but probably legal ) use of eu employment and social security laws, 
  it * is * suspiciously calm ... see you again on the 26th of may , hopefully not in de indefinite ` war on terror ' phase, 
  except that effectively , you 'd be taxing foreigners more than national citizens and such benefits often amount to a significant % of household income . 
  not that i 'm in favour of free movement of labour ... 
  ironically , that 's probably a convincing reason to hurry bosnia into the eu . 
  some politician will pick up on it ... 
  `` the us has assured that it does not conduct mass or indiscriminate surveillance of europeans . '', 
  in other words : fu, 
  correct link : http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/03/technology/us-europe-safe-harbor-data-deal.html you may want to repost the article also : `` the us has assured that it does not conduct mass or indiscriminate surveillance of europeans . '', 
  in other words : fu, 
  shame we 're not getting rid of jobs that are done by shitty people though, 
  there will always be lunatics and some sort of foreign threat though , that by itself does not warrant a state of emergency . 
  france has over ** 65 million ** people . 
  french people manage to murder about 700 of their fellows every year without help from fundamentalists . 
  with that many people , shit inevitably happens . 
  you do have police without a state of emergency ... a state of emergency by its nature has to be temporary , else it 's just tearing up the idea of civil rights in any form . 
  after the paris attacks a state of emergency made some sense imo because it might help catch the ones still on the run and help find whoever helped them on the way . 
  speed was of the essence . 
  police and intelligence services have now had 3 months for that , whatever they missed they wo n't find it because of an extention . 
  if a permanent state of emergency is ok with you ... 
  i suppose we have a different view of the kind of world we should be fighting for, 
  is that seriously being considered ? 
  afaik there is nothing exceptional going on at the moment that would warrant a temporary state of emergency, 
  15th century lifehack . 
  do n't waste arrows on the enemy, 
  thanks . 
  it 'll take a while to read from from the summary it seems as i feared that they 're sending completely the wrong message ( that msf simply advocates abandoning border controls and even helping absolutely everyone anywhere to get into europe as easily as possible ) . 
  obviously , it would be safer for refugees if we picked them up at their home country and arranged 1st class transport to germany . 
  i suspect such a policy might run into a few political difficulties though . 
  so far , no one seems to have a credible solution . 
  did anyone find the actual report by the way ? 
  i ca n't find it on msf.org, 
  [ meaning 2 to 5 years each ] ( http://usuncut.com/world/iceland-sentences-26-bankers-to-a-combined-74-years-in-prison/ ) , presumably with an option for parole after + / - 2/3rd of the sentence, 
  they see me rollin ' ... 
  certainly , do n't you ? 
  am i the only one that would rather not send women into combat simply because i 'd prefer them not to get hurt ? 
  i do n't care if they can fight just as well,
