  [ amsterdam ] ( http://imgur.com/a/chiwh ) has a pretty good one as well, 
  it could , yes , and that 's a valid point . 
  nevertheless , i believe that in that case too the interest of the child should have had priority ; selection for adoption should deal with matters as they are rather than what you might want them to be . 
  well in that case they already have children and it 's a matter of necessity . 
  with adoption , you get to choose between parents and the interest of the child has priority . 
  i think i 'd have been a lot less happy in the playground having to explain 2 fathers to my classmates and dealing with the jokes . 
  belgium : the land that knows no darkness, 
  are you confusing vietnam with korea ? 
  did you just crop out the l'or\u00e9al logo ? 
  also if they wave back you can see wheter they 're holding a weapon or not, 
  he 's just envious you guys have a modern logo rather than all that fancy curly stuff, 
  while that 's all very nice provided they do n't just set a minimum wage at 0.000000005 ct/year it wo n't bring wages , taxes and social security to anywhere near the same level . 
  the ec appears to agree with you ( article has been updated ), 
  i 'm beginning to think the best thing the uk could do is build up their military in a not very subtle way and * then * invoke article 50, 
  i suppose you believe that anyone who lives in a homeless shelter * must * be a lazy parasite who has only himself to blame ? 
  do n't forget $ 100,000,000 worth of cgi and explosions !, 
  more like hercules/mr . 
  satan i 'd say . 
  or krillin . 
  depends ... 
  i have n't heard any outright refusals yet this year but ... * last time the pvv participated in government it ended in a violent row between pvv and vvd ( in fact , between rutte and wilders . 
  vvd is currently largest , nearly 1st in polls and sort of the party for business and the wealthy ) . 
  * cda ( conservative ) was/is suffering an identity crisis but its members voted stronly against cooperation with the pvv last time * d66 ( liberal ) and the pvv 's are ` arch-enemies ' * pvda ( labour ) is the party that 's seen as ` soft ' on immigration and is the main scapegoat for populist parties such as the pvv * sp ( socialist , conservative ) actually is fairly close to the pvv on many issues especially if it 's not about migration but neither will want to associate with one another * groen links ( green left , progressive ) would kick visitors out of the parlour for mentioning it as an option . 
  similar for the pvdd i think ( animal 's party ! ), 
  * i find it hard to believe the christian parties ( even the sgp that traditionally supports every government ) would cooperate much with the pvv * that leaves no one i can think of, 
  20 % in polls but also the biggest party . 
  our political landscape is hopelessly fragmented at the moment, 
  i think that ship has sailed and was last seen entering the bermuda triangle, 
  thruppence . 
  sounds like an election campaign, 
  what about reintroducing slavery ? 
  i 'll say `` well done '' once i see some evidence, 
  serious question . 
  would using a vpn in say , the us or germany , protect you in this case ? 
  mostly i 'm not expected to relinquish freedom in the name of reducing bathtub related incidents, 
  admit it , the only reason for this post is making people look up ` anocracy ', 
  do n't wto rules prohibit that kind of thing ? 
  pre-emptively for any possible future charges ( espionage ) regarding wikileaks , i suppose . 
  it 'd give a guarantee that the trial will not be abused by uk / sweden for extradition to the us . 
  the swedish charges probably wo n't last long in a proper court and as i understand it breaching bail is n't a punishable offence in the uk, 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  they 're slow , reckless , place little value in engineering and science and always try to use exceptionally impractical edged weapons in an era that could include bombardments with energy weapons from space . 
  medieval bowmen could probably wipe out a klingon squad, 
  take it easy on the kid , silverfox316 ; everybody kills hitler on their first trip . 
  i did . 
  it always gets fixed within a few minutes , what 's the harm ? 
  depens on who you ask . 
  i suppose corruption in ukraine was/is a concern as well as its ongoing conflict with russia ( others voted the other way for exactly the same reason ) . 
  i voted against it as i feel the eu has expanded way too much , way too fast with too many low-wage countries . 
  it was a rare opportunity to slow the eu 's advance and many people took it . 
  i hope they thought that scenario trough ... in our case it was ` just ' a minister , arresting and expelling a head of state sounds like quite a shitstorm waiting to happen . 
  i 'll make sure to have plenty of popcorn, 
  does this mean erdogan will not be allowed to leave the area of the g20 summit , and when he does it anyway will german police arrest him ( and possbily have a shootout with his bodyguards ) ? 
  wow . 
  i thought most things in there did n't react too well to bullets ? 
   because she is , in fact , personally responsible for this no , she is n't . 
  [ indeed !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1si6rhotake ), 
  could be worse . 
  could be selective headlines from tabloids on facebook or an internet forum, 
  just a reminder ... just because you do n't like someone 's views does n't mean they 're part of some kind of conspiracy . 
  we may not have a lot of actual police officers but we have a huge army of `` boa 's '' that hand out fines, 
  i kind of think it 'd be easier to un-peg than to leave the eurozone, 
  from a quick google search , apparently cocaine and anti-depressants, 
  in most cases a mask would n't hurt either, 
  `` the su\u00f1 '' would look better , true, 
  i suppose you could look down upon those without cake, 
  i would n't be too sure [ about that last bit ] ( http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/2009/08/21 ) . 
  personally i 'd say with greece outside the eu is better because then greeks can at least hope for a better future , but it 's easy for us to say that living in a nation that 's better off ( for now ) . 
  is there any other proof a request for an abortion was done ? 
  by now it should be one star and a lot of black holes around it anyway, 
  damn . . you 're right . 
  i should start thinking before i post . 
  obviously you could sell to eachother and agree on different prices, 
  i like the title ` digital chief ' . 
  it should involve a working uniform with an axe , feathers and face paint . 
  i think the intentional illusion of quick easy money for joining the eu is the fundamental reason greece got overconfident and ended up where she is now . 
  it would be better if they presented joining as an important opportunity for croatian companies rather than free cash , but the politicians probably assumed that 's too complicated for voters . 
  they know that on average , we 're morons . 
  i 'm kinda surprised we 're not forced to wear chip implants yet , since it 's an effective system for most cattle . 
  paternal testing on a massive scale and blackmail could be a use i think . 
  it 's not the reason i 'm against a dna database though , i 'm against it because i think it risks creating a very oppressive society . 
  the article translated from the dutch page ( somewhat better than google 's version i hope ) : in the future , police should be able to use dna which is stored for scientific research . 
  the ministry for health and sports consulted about this with experts in the field . 
  according to the tv-programme ` kro reporter ' , a concept draft proposal has already been made although this is being denied by the spokesman of minister schippers . 
  access to dna-material would give the police an additional means of solving crimes . 
  according to the proposal , dna should only be made available to the police after serious crimes such as murder and rape . 
  * creation of a national dna-database * scientists fear it wo n't stop there . 
  doctors and medical scientists ( article : ` medici ' ) fear patients will no longer cooperate with scientific research . 
  the national physician 's federation knmg calls the proposal an attempt to create a national dna-database . 
  biological samples from milions of dutch citizens is stored in hospitals , which is used for research after treatment . 
  wheter the new law will actualy be implemented will be up to the future government . 
  ( note : there have been recent elections in the netherlands and a government is still being formed . 
  current ministers are not allowed to deal with any matters that are deemed ` controversial ' by parliament ), 
  they will accept our peace , very soon . 
  and the us , for being big daddy who threatens to kick our butts if we do n't behave, 
   also finally , a unified limburg !, 
  although maybe both limburgs should just secede and form our own country !, 
  but that would mean wilders could n't run for parliament in the beterlands !, 
  we 've had a very neat window to the future in holland recently ... you might not give dna , but someone in your family will and we 'll get what we want to know from there .
