many more . 
  this shit is n't confusing enough yet . 
  i mean , we now have good sources about what happened , so it 's easier to repeat more identically . 
  the only thing we seem to learn from history , is that we do n't learn from history . 
  when the praying works , obviously . 
  if it 's up to some ministers we 'll get the chance some day . 
  we 'll see how it turns out . 
  no problem  makes me think of why i feel about it in a practical sense instead of just gut feeling . 
  how does norway feel about this ? 
  would they want to join the eu as a full member , or are they content with the way things are ? 
  [ here is something i eventually found ] ( https://tallsay.com/page/4294976089/eu-budget-wie-betaalt-wat-in-europa-en-naar-wie-gaat-het-geld-toe ) . 
  i also found out that it 's pretty damn difficult to find these stats , and i was originally basing my comment off of [ this source ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/11/heuj_grafiekjes.html ) who cited [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/eu-haushalt-dafuer-gibt-die-europaeische-union-ihr-geld-aus-a-1064576.html ) . 
  seems to be 2014/2015 . 
  [ i do n't know if this works , but i 've made a spreadsheet with simply contribution/inhabitants to find a contribution per capita ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lkfjtdjvin6auzknmsylxplrct9cja254gt9sklxps8/edit?usp=sharing ) . 
  there seem to be other factors that increase/decrease the numbers . 
  sources are mentioned in the spreadsheet . 
  i seem to have taken some media too much on face value . 
  [ here is another article , in dutch , saying that the first article is unfunded , but not necessarily untrue . 
  ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/next/2015/12/07/nederland-is-grootste-nettobetaler-eu-in-2016-1565491 ) [ global translation here ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ttxrawih-dez7duxn0sa24-vqpm8_whu2wjgldlarsi ) . 
  i 've got ta say , it was interesting to delve into this , but i feel it should be easier to find info like this . 
  what i 'm against is the overbearing politics and how we pay the highest price ( per individual ) while not having that much political pull ( the way i feel it , it seems that it 's mostly france and germany ) , but i do n't think we should leave as i doubt the costs of leaving will weigh up against the benefits . 
  also there are still people trying to get our old currency ( the gulden ) back instead of the euro , while i understand the sentiment and showing us as an autonomous country it 'd be a costly decision since our currency would then have to fight the big players like us dollars and euro 's which as a trading nation does n't seem smart . 
  while i 'm not pro-eu per s\u00e9 , i would vote against leaving . 
  right after the brexit referendum there were people going on about us leaving aswell but i feel we should at least wait to see what happens with britain before we rush in and start our own referendum . 
  maybe we 're just not ready yet for a `` united states of europe '' kinda deal . 
  maybe we 'll never be . 
  i also have no idea on how to fix it , but i sincerely doubt a `` screw you guys , we 're out '' is the solution . 
  i guess we 'll see how it works out in the end . 
  haha yeah i noticed how all the politicians started to drop their posts ( something about a shadow cabinet ? 
  i do n't really know how that works ) . 
  funny how that works . 
  `` we got what we wanted , now it 's up to someone else to deal with the shitstorm '' . 
  like i said before , let 's see if article 50 gets invoked in the first place . 
  i heard they do n't plan to start that process for at least a year . 
  maybe there 'll be a trade goods move freely vs stronger immigration laws , people who 've already lived there ( legally ) before the official brexit get a lenient process for visa or citizenship . 
  again , it 's too expensive to really make huge alterations . 
  i would n't be surprised personally if nothing much changes , but instead of the 350 million per week contribution to brussels they just pay it in taxes or tariffs for trading with mainland europe . 
  most of what i heard is just delays/travelling on time so if that 's less of an issue you 're good . 
  also from what i hear our ( the netherlands ) have a good public transit system , so for the parts you 're doing there you 're good . 
  at least when there are problems info is available how to avoid them . 
  in the end it 'll be okay if you stay cool and just ask the public transport personnel what you want to know . 
  at least that 's my limited experience . 
  hope you enjoy your time in europe though , where will you be staying mainly for study ? 
  i must admit that i have n't really followed it thoroughly , but the one thing i seem to remember was an interview with i think farage after the brexit vote ( like the next morning ) saying how the savings would n't go to medical care as promised . 
  `` but that was the other party '' . 
  i do think the british populace was lied to by the leavers , but even so they so adamantaly seem to defend their choice of voting leave i feel there should be a consequence . 
  on the other hand i also feel for the brits living abroad and the `` eu-ians '' living in britain who are affected by this , but that 's how a democracy works . 
  if however most of the brexit campaigns are based on lies and half-truths and there is substantial evidence for it ( not just one of the leave-camp saying `` it was the other half of the leavers '' ) the vote should be annuled and redone due to it being based off of false promises . 
  if you do it right now though people will be biased due to the lies and vote stay out of spite . 
  britain ca n't afford to turn their backs on the eu , the eu ca n't afford to turn their backs on britain . 
  but first we 'll see if britain actually starts this `` article 50 '' or what it 's called , invoking the leaving of the eu . 
  the referendum is n't binding as far as i know , just an advise from the populace . 
  i also want to say i find it highly hypocritical to vote against the eu but still remain in a position where you 're paid to be part of the eu-parliament . 
  i wanted to say it like we 'd be with the germans , french , swedes and fins , as in the brits do n't get an easy deal . 
  i do n't like the eu as it is , but we have to deal with the fact it 's there . 
  the netherlands are a trade country so leaving the eu would be pretty stupid . 
  i think i 'd rather be part of just the european economic area instead of a full member of the eu . 
  but i also think that due to the economic status there will be very little consequence . 
  it 's too expensive to fully revoke trade treaties with britain . 
  stocks diving is purely due to fearmongering , within a year i figure it 'll be back to where it was pre-brexitpolls . 
  if not sooner . 
  if it were up to me the netherlands would be with them . 
  i do n't hate the british . 
  i just think that if you want out of a collaboration you do n't get any benefits . 
  you want out , get out . 
  train seems to be fucked in a lot of countries . 
  good luck . 
  also not every country in europe speaks english very well so accept some language barriers . 
  hands and feet come in handy . 
  enjoy your time over here , every city seems to have its own culture , 
  quick note that it 's an article from 2005 . 
  quick translation , probably contains grammatical errors : ** traces of cocaine found in 90 % of the toilets at the europarliament ** the toilets of the european parliament in brussels are not only used for sanitary stops . 
  in 41 out of 46 samples taken on the toilets , traces of cocaine were found . 
  this was revealed on thursday evening by the television programme akte05 of the german channel sat 1 . 
  ` in some samples there were so many traces of coke that a drugshound would bark ' , says professor fritz s\u00f5rgel . 
  ` there has to be taken coke recently ' . 
  he is ` not surprised ' by the results . 
  ` in 2000 we examined the bundestag in berlin . 
  back then we found cocaine in 80 % of the examined toilets , in brussels it 's 90 % . ', 
  the samples were taken last month when the chairman barroso and prime minister juncker of luxembourg were questioned . 
  editor stefan wichmann wo n't tell who could have used the drugs . 
  thousands of people visit the building on a daily basis . 
  ` we just want to show that cocaine is a problem that runs through the entire society . ', 
  the european parliament did n't wish to react in depth thursday . 
  ` sat1 breaches privacy ' , so a spokesperson says . 
  ` we believe it is illegal to take samples in our building . 
  we will certainly take legal steps . ', 
  i am very curious what will happen if/when they are really out . 
  for example , will other countries send back brits living/working in the eu ? 
  will that offset the immigration ? 
  probably , i do n't think the higher ups did n't do their homework before this referendum . 
  also pretty interested to see what will happen with northern ireland/scotland . 
  this might be a very bad thing to have happened , but it 's interesting to watch as pretty much an outsider ( or at the very least a consumer who is n't aware how many products get imported from britain ) . 
  guess we 'll see what will happen . 
  so leave the eu and join the eea in essence ( like norway , iceland and liechtenstein ) . 
  it almost feels like the eu is just another layer of bureaucracy , but i really do n't know enough about that to state facts . 
  guess i know what i 'm doing this weekend . 
  ah ok , i thought maybe they 'd default from eu to the eea . 
  guess this 'll have a bigger impact than i expected . 
  wonder what the visa rules will be , but i guess it will take atleast 2 years ( 2.5 orso since brussels has n't been formally informed yet , apparantly ) .
