i think you 're exaggerating a bit . 
  we have sent all genres of music over the decades . 
  the main issue is we have always sang in portuguese , and people do n't really vote for you do n't sing in english , for whatever reason . 
  maybe if we had more neighbours we would have a better chance . 
  heeh i do n't know about that . 
  i 'm not really jealous of countries with more population . 
  i think if anybody might be jealous , it would be france , since they were the only ones big enough to challenge for the control of the lingua franca , and they lost . 
  but i have no clue if they are . 
  i am jealous of the german public transport system though , or how you can ride a bike everywhere in the netherlands . 
  and italy can probably challenge your cv . 
  damn . 
  one of my favorite actors of all time ... rip :(, 
  my favorite band is rammstein . 
  marseillaise is my favorite anthem . 
  honourable mention to the russian one . 
  i 'm absolutely loving drifters . 
  eu is forcing cows to wear nappies , oct 2014 lmao, 
  these god damn peasants ... 
  lmao wow that 's actually true . 
  had no idea . 
  shame , i liked his voice . 
  i suppose if you want to control eu migration it does make sense yes . 
  but is eu migration that bad ? 
  why go to such lengths to control it ? 
  especially when you read stuff like ` but the mere fact that a major investment bank is even discussing a post-london future suggests that banks are prepared for london 's near-1 ,000 - year history as a centre for international trade and finance to come to an end , if need be . ' . 
  the drawbacks seem to be greater . 
  all this brexit business goes a little over my head . 
  it 's such an insanely complex issue . 
  interesting article , but it 's talking about post brexit . 
  i did n't read anyone saying all the banks would leave the uk in the two weeks post referendum . 
  i 'm surprised they 're predicting the uk to leave the single market , no eea/efta . 
  not what i was expecting . 
  hmmm never read anyone say that but if you say so . 
  brexit has n't happened yet anyway . 
  it 's all business as usual for now . 
  so according to the article they 're moving to a new headquarters . 
  instead of 4 buildings in london , they 'll move into a bigger , single one . 
  no new jobs . 
  i suppose it makes sense us banks buying property now since the pound is garbage compared to the dollar right now . 
  not sure how this is supposed to be good news though , seems irrelevant to me . 
  rammstein are my favorite band . 
  my favorite song of theirs is [ hallelujah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9cjafgibzs ) . 
  favorite genre is hardstyle though , bless the dutch . 
  [ stardust ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbrvnhcsuuq ) or [ revelation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc1mos1gdne ) are awesome . 
  this is some god damn sorcery . 
  not isinbaeva ? 
  damn :(, 
  bad team and yet nobody was good enough to beat us , 
  our first major trophy ='), 
  goren , however , urged women not to fear political correctness when reporting crimes . ', 
  she should follow her own advice ... inventing people is not going to help catch the perpetrators . 
  police will start looking for the wrong people . 
  might as well not say anything if you 're not going to tell the truth . 
  he did n't accomplish anything ... not yet . 
  read somewhere this restoration actually saved the small town thanks to tourism . 
  never fails to make me laugh . 
  what a masterpiece . 
  what 's up with the uk press ? 
  spain is n't going to attack gibraltar . 
  spain did n't ` deal second blow to uk by withdrawing opposition to scottish independence ' . 
  this is so transparent . 
  whipping people into a frenzy by creating an issue out of nowhere . 
  got to sell newspapers i guess . 
  cyprus was n't part of nato . 
  why would nato intervene ? 
  of all the european countries to call fascists , you chose one of the two countries with the least far right support in europe . 
  seems like calling everything fascism is in vogue these days . 
  and of course nato will intervene internally , there would n't really be a point to it if it did n't . 
  what about greece and turkey ? 
  they joined nato in 1952 and have n't been at war since . 
  are you talking about the aegean crisis or what ? 
  ` drops plan ' ? 
  it was never the plan . 
  they would only veto if there was an unilateral declaration of independence , because they 're scared cataluna would then do the same . 
  why does uk press keep repeating this ... 
  uk is n't declaring war on a nato country lmao . 
  the uk has 5 wins , only sweden and ireland have more . 
  some others have yet to win 1 :(, 
  fair enough . 
  you guys are somewhat [ below ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/e/e8/total_general_government_expenditure_on_social_protection%2c_2015_%28%25_of_gdp_%25_of_total_expenditure%29.png ) the eu average on social spending , so i did n't really expect social spending cuts would be on the horizon considering nl is a pretty good country . 
  why are you glad they 're cutting social programs then ? 
  they do a lot of good work . 
  are you implying countries with the most social protection expenditure do worse ? 
  because that 's not even remotely true . 
  portugal is below the eu average , with countries like denmark , finland and france being at the top . 
  now that 's what i call an empire . 
  government fighting for freedom of speech while universities fight against it , how the times have changed . 
  europe looking good . 
  australia is honorary european too , considering they participate in eurovision . 
  solving homelessness by giving homeless people a house . 
  interesting approach . 
  i get what you 're saying , but i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  if some eu official made some disparaging comments about something , and said < insert dutch stereotype because i do n't know any  should behave , would you say that any dutch person complaining would be twisting his words because he never mentioned dutch people , and what he said was general and not targeted ? 
  maybe i 'm just reading too much into it . 
  i 'm just not very fond of stereotypes . 
  if you 're going to resort to old stereotypes , do n't be surprised if those usually targetted by them get upset . 
  even if you are n't ( as he claims ) being literal . 
  he 's in an important position , words matter . 
  either way , i do n't want the spanish candidate . 
  pretty sure he would just push for some shit like eurobonds .
