ok i 'm sorry but what does a sex ring involving british people ( of pakistani decent ) have to do with anything ? 
  one of them was a mortgage advisor for fucks sake but in the same breath you talk about mooching of the system get your fucking story straight . 
  the people in your * wikipedia * link were british but of pakistani decent with the exception of one . 
  sorry but you need to find another way to justify your racism today . 
   low skilled , culturally alien people who will just never integrate . 
  they 'll create crime . 
  they 'll leech welfare . 
  there is no evidence to support any of this . 
  economically speaking the impact of immigrants and refugees on a country are very small . 
  so small in fact that economists ca n't agree if the impact is good or bad , some sources say good some say bad but if this is the case why not help some fellow human beings ? 
  also the crime aspect is hugely offensive and also incorrect , why would these people many of whom come from a completely authoritarian place where getting arrested often means the end of your life , why would they some how between leaving their home and coming to europe turn into criminals ? 
  where is the logic ? 
  you are whether you realise it or not implying that either these people are criminals before they get here ( in which case why should we help them ) or that we turn them into criminals after they get here . 
  look do n't take my word for it , read some actual studies done by economists , the press need to make headlines and politicians need to get re-elected they have no interest in the truth . 
  http://www.ssc.wisc.edu/~walker/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/lalondetopel1997.pdf http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.202.9658&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf, 
  really ? 
  iceland were i believe the only country to hold their bankers responsible and put them to trial while letting the banks go bust , their recovery and their job market is far healthier now than that of the uk for example and they did n't incur huge amounts of debt trying to jury rig a broken system . 
  they were hit hardest by the financial crisis but came out better , the people responsible for the massive fuck up are now in prison and they are dealing with it more responsibly than any other country in my opinion . 
  edit : also their debt is dropping constantly , while in the uk it 's increasing at an astronomical rate . 
  i do n't know , iceland really has it 's shit together ... unintelligible language is about the only bad stereotype i can think of . 
  am i the only person that thinks old buildings look more appealing before they are cleaned ? 
  sure , if you replace cowboys and guns with prudishness and complaining . 
  even with interest 300k for a volvo seems a bit steep ... 
  i agree that it 's misleading but the usa and the uk have openly armed , trained and supplied `` moderate '' groups in syria with the objective being to get rid of assad . 
  this is common knowledge . 
  the grey area comes when you fast forward 2 years and many of the same groups that we previously armed , trained and supplied are now allied with daesh . 
  we did the same thing with the taliban in afghanistan . 
  as long as their goals aligned with ours no body questioned it . 
  then a few years down the line their goals change and you end up with well trained well armed terrorists . 
  when assad came on the news and said `` these are not rebels , they are terrorists '' the western media was quick to call them freedom fighters etc and basically laughed it off . 
  the taliban were always terrorists to russia , then they became terrorists to the west . 
  same can be said here . 
  soccer fans in europe are way worse than nfl fans in the states . 
  soccer fans have to be segregated for most club matches because if they are not they will literally try to murder each other . 
  even when they are segregated they sometimes try to kill each other through police barricades . 
  when nfl fans start trying to stab each other for wearing the wrong colour shirt , then you can say they are as bad as european soccer fans . 
  i will add however that 99 % of soccer fans are fine , it 's the people on the fringes that ruin it for every one else . 
  on the whole , i think ukip are a terrible party , but i actually read their manifesto and they had the best policy on nuclear energy and energy in general as well as a sensible policy on crime and drugs . 
  it might seem odd , but of all the manifestos , in some very specific areas , they actually had the most sensible policies . 
  if you like shooting sports , for example , ukip are basically your only choice to ensure the future of your sport in the uk . 
  sure , if you are ngotiating a trade deal . 
  the issue here is they were n't negotiating a trade deal . 
  ttip would require laws and regulations to be changed for everyone and had far reaching consequences beyond a normal trade deal . 
  when laws are changed they absolutely are made public in a democratic government before any changes happen , that 's the whole point of democracy . 
  guess that 's what happens when the negotiations are secret and the actual documents are never published . 
  why keep it a secret if there is nothing to hide ? 
  also , how can you expect to defend an agreement or document that no one else has seen ? 
  i could say i 've seen the document and that there is a section in it about eating babies . 
  at which point you can say `` no there is n't , but i ca n't prove it because i ca n't show you the documents , but please believe me , i 'm a politician . '', 
  anaesthetic is extremely risky on infants . 
  neonatal care and anaesthesiology in general has come a long way since then but even with the advances it 's still a major risk factor . 
  point is , taken out of context it seems horrific , but the reason was n't `` because it was thought they could n't feel pain yet . '', 
  it was because the neonatal patient had a far greater chance of surviving without anaesthetic . 
  some one from scotland - `` why not a scottish passport ? '', 
  from ireland - `` is n't ireland in the uk ? '', 
  from england - `` we saved you in ww2 . '', 
  ireland again `` do you know - insert generic irish name here - ? '', 
  edit : the welsh are too nice , they do n't get angry about anything and the northern irish just get angry about everything . 
  first of all , how can you have * parallel * negotiations when in relative terms we have nothing to offer the eu . 
  everything they can get from us they can get from somewhere else within the eu without the headache of having to deal with our politics , which are at the moment very toxic towards the eu . 
  if you disagree , name one thing that we have that they need but ca n't get anywhere else . 
  maybe , if our government did n't have it 's head up it 's ass we could negotiate down a little more , but expecting to renege on paying your bill after already agreeing to pay is not something that should have ever been expected by a reasonable or responsible person . 
  the bill has to be paid , our representatives literally already signed the agreements saying as much , and i 'm all for negotiating it to as little as possible , but since the eu are looking out for their own it 's their job to get as much out of us as they realistically can for the benefit of the rest of the eu . 
  that 's how negotiation works . 
  they are n't here to do us any favours or give charity . 
  if we renege on our obligations now , why would they even want a deal with us after that when the expectation is that we will just renege on that deal too when it suits us . 
  the uk call it `` punishment '' but it 's not . 
  it 's the eu looking out for it 's own . 
  it 's what larger powers do to weaker powers . 
  they exploit them because they can . 
  it 's not punishment , it 's just how the world works . 
  when the uk ask for favourable terms , to the detriment of the rest of the eu , they are basically asking for charity . 
  we had an alternative vote referendum in 2011 . 
  hardly anyone turned up and the majority was overwhelmingly against changing the system , so first past the post is on us . 
   not leaving now will be still worse . 
  our government has a pretty good track record of making bad situations worse , so yeah ... 
  mp5 is used * because * it does n't have much penetration . 
  when the conflict in northern ireland started getting hot and the army came in , they found that the rifle rounds they were using were passing through entire buildings before stopping . 
  not exactly ideal when operating in populated civilian areas . 
  ok , let me preface this by saying this is terrible and it should never have even been proposed in a supposedly civilised country ... however ; the idea of marrying off a rape victim comes from the koran and it 's supposed to be a safety net for the woman since the koran also stipulates that the husband must provide for his wife , or if he has multiple then provide for each of them equally . 
  this comes from a time where a woman that was raped was seen as tainted goods and so would never be able to marry anybody else , and presumably live the rest of their lives destitute . 
  it 's * supposed * to punish the man and provide compensation for the woman , the spirit of the idea was for the woman 's benefit in a medieval society . 
  the modern equivalent would be that the rapist is forced to pay considerable compensation to the victim for the rest of their life , but apparently , some turkish politicians lack even a basic understanding of the koran . 
  ukip had some actually sensible policies in some select areas if you are a single issue voter and can ignore the rest of their bullshit . 
  for example , if you own a firearm in the uk and are at all involved in shooting sports then ukip was essentially the only option that did n't pose a risk to your hobby/sport . 
  bleep tests are used for evaluating fitness when joining the police and the military in the uk so in terms of `` things you learn pe class '' it 's one of the only ones with real world applications even if it is only for certain people . 
  it does n't help that her opposition is a spineless coward . 
  he is by far the better choice but he has an aversion to running a negative campaign so he is working from a serious handicap . 
  it might be noble in some abstract sense but it 's still retarded . 
  meanwhile , tories are running a no holds barred campaign against him and it 's working wonders , so do n't hold your breath . 
  well to be fair , corbyn is giving her a lot of room to manoeuvre . 
  he should be absolutely blasting her on every platform any time she makes a retarded statement , but that rarely happens . 
  he posts something to twitter which is then quoted in the papers and that 's about the height of his ability to lambaste her , which is a shame . 
  she is giving him so much material to hang her with but he 's not doing anything with it . 
   will someone please cancel article 50 who exactly would do that ? 
  both major parties voted in favour of brexit . 
  there is no opposition . 
  unless the green party and/or lib dems can get a majority ( lol ) then article 50 is happening . 
  the thing is , i do n't think leaving the eu necessarily needs to be a disaster for the country leaving . 
  with proper planning , fiscal responsibility , accountability , and leadership , it could work in the favour of the country leaving .
