i never said bulgaria is as poor as poland . 
  good thing you edited that in . 
  and yes it does change a lot . 
  more than doubling poland 's gdp makes a difference in your argument . 
   you 're right but that 's barely different do you see me comparing poland to nigeria just because the gdp is almost the same ? 
  because gdp is everything . 
  and i have no idea where you are getting these numbers . 
  poland 's gdp is 474 billion . 
  also , comparing bulgaria to belarus is stupid . 
  there 's literally nothing to compare . 
  he is using the bulgarian flag . 
  put your mouse over and you can see the name . 
  it 's bulgarian . 
  bulgarians work 1 hour more and the equality is the same tho, 
  dressed with their only good clothes that cost more than their monthly salary is better imo . 
  bulgaria isnt even near the top tho ? 
  bulgaria is the same as germany and better than austria, 
  how else could i tell you that im laughing in your face, 
  oh , you 're such an elitist lmfao . 
  please kys if you are n't baiting with your stupid comments . 
  and im glad you 're getting some our gypsies , a smart young person would never go to your shit excuse of a country . 
  gypsies look like indians maybe ? 
  exactly : /, 
  i also read that it 's non-operational so probably no need to worry lol, 
  stop, 
  we 'll see about that . 
  alexander the great = macedonian but macedonia = bulgaria therefore we are looking at bulgaria 's greatest extent . 
  truly beautiful, 
  where exactly were you ? 
  and these 15 year old prostitutes were most likely gypsies, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/bulgaria/comments/5z6x9d/19501990_change_in_gdp_per_capita_in_spain/ here you go my friend also , why were you banned ? 
  lmao, 
  can she stay ? 
  annexing macedonia once again, 
  you 'd be surprised , 
  and why is that ? 
  lets get in front of latvia and romania together  ? 
   but romania is the most corrupted country in europe by far lol, 
  no one even noticed, 
  but where will you get your doctors from then ? 
  and trump claims that global warming is a chinese hoax :p i was going to link a documentary about the creation of macedonia but unfortunately it doesnt have captions . 
  tldr : bulgarians were being forced to call themselves macedonians . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xd588hre9i linking it anyway . 
  it 's split in 4 parts, 
  macedonians are mostly bulgarians . 
  we consider them bulgarian , never had a rivalry with them . 
  bulgaria - macedonia ? 
  rivalry ? 
  lol more like bulgaria - romania for being the poorest in the eu . 
  just happens that you see a minority of romanians - gypsies . 
  do you really think the average romanian goes to sweden to become a beggar ? 
  its the same for bulgarian gypsies as well . 
  well said , i doubt they will take that into consideration tho . 
  lol, 
  lmfao , give me a few actual examples, 
  how about hungary and ukraine ? 
  i thought we were cool ? 
  isnt that pretty much standard in almost all european countries ? 
  it 's not like we 're in africa . 
  im pretty sure we are not that far behind you guys . 
  bulgaria and romania stronk !, 
  lol, 
   the election of a pro-russian president in bulgaria had something to do with it and perhaps the '' we are both orthodox and slavs '' lol . 
  no such thing, 
  yeah but with a g which is a different thing . 
  bulha kinda means \u0431\u044a\u043b\u0445\u0430 which translates to flea in bulgarian, 
  that 's really strange and kinda offensive but thats just my personal opinion, 
  why is there an h there ? 
  typing error ? 
  you brits always amaze me, 
  are you ok ? 
  how did you get 13 upvotes ? 
  how is that even remotely close to a `` sweet ass '', 
  hmm , are you assuming that or can you provide facts ? 
  the balkans doing better than western europe ? 
  what is this sorcery ? 
  well good thing for you that no one knows shit about lithuania to make posts about you :p, 
  well good thing for you that no one knows shit about lithuania to make posts about you :p, 
  mini russia ... fuck off, 
  im not even close to being a patriot . 
  im trying to be just a little bit optimistic while you completely shat over everything . 
  lem me guess , you dont even live here anymore ? 
  what did you gain by shitting all over your country ? 
  that map doesnt show the whole story tho . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_bulgaria 7.8 % bulgaria is not even close to being muslim . 
  3.1 % in serbia , 0.3 % in romania, 
  rip bulgaria i guess ? 
  i also like that ... 
  boy , you better give us half of macedoania ... 
  born in the small city of levski but have been living in sofia since third grade . 
  whats your opinion of bulgaria ? 
  kebapcheta :d google it, 
  try our subreddit, 
  i honestly think ours is one of the best :d, 
  what, 
  `` the middle of nowhere '' :d i would 've thought that a house in spain would cost more than that ... a 3 room apartment in plovdiv costs around costs at least 50k euro , and that 's in plovdiv :d in sofia it would probably be around 100k for a decent one . 
  average net salary in sofia is 600 euro ... 
  how much will such a place run you in spain ? 
  must be nice having the money to buy a house in another country for like one tenth of the price in your country . 
  :( i 'd buy a house somewhere in africa if it was n't so undeveloped .
