  globislamisation by the jewslims, 
  it 's a fucking joke, 
  mongolia can into europe, 
  yes , i feel european . 
  i also get to be smug to americans too : , 
  i remember having terrible gastroenteritis because of a quiche two years ago . 
  have n't eaten a quiche ever since , just the thought of it revolts me . 
  not for long though , they 'll change the script soon, 
  oasis would be more fitting for france , but it 's simply an uncarbonated tropical-flavored juice, 
  most dangerous place in the tv world, 
  i was n't even aware we had an orthodox church, 
   with the victory of tariq ibn ziyad in 711 , the lives of the sephardim changed dramatically . 
  for the most part , the invasion of the moors was ** welcomed ** by the jews of iberia . 
   both muslim and catholic sources tell us that jews provided valuable aid to the invaders . 
  [ 33 ] once captured , the defense of c\u00f3rdoba was left in the hands of jews , and granada , m\u00e1laga , seville , and toledo were left to a mixed army of jews and moors . 
   to jews throughout the catholic and muslim worlds , iberia was seen as a land of relative tolerance and opportunity . 
  following initial arab-berber victories , and especially with the establishment of umayyad rule by abd-ar-rahman i in 755 , the native jewish community was joined by jews from the rest of europe , as well as from arab territories , from morocco to babylon ( assis , p. 12 ; sarna , p. 324 ) . 
  thus the sephardim found themselves enriched culturally , intellectually , and religiously by the commingling of diverse jewish traditions . 
  they were treated miles better than any catholic/christian kingdom during that timespan . 
  meanwhile , they got massacred in 1366 , again in 1391 . 
  a couple decades later , they were forced in * juder\u00edas * ( aka medieval ghettos ) . 
  and finally , the edict of expulsion was signed in 1492 . 
  and when they left for north africa after getting kicked out of their homeland , they still thrived culturally and economically , coexisting with the locals ( i mean , the berbers are n't that aggressive , they 're pretty lax ) for centuries before getting colonized by france . 
  much better than be genocided like during the spanish inquisition . 
  well , it could be as diverse as the u.s , if we were united in one big country . 
  i 'd be like , wow i can move to spain for summer and still be in the same country !, 
  damn , the continent of jakubmarian.com has pretty nice landscapes after all . 
  a person ca n't be made stateless , it 's against international law . 
  most of these turkish descendants hold german citizenship and nothing else . 
  there were plenty of nazis in the us, 
  polandball comment sections are always 50/50, 
  well , they did obtain it by force . 
  [ mediterranean race ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mediterranean_race ), 
  now do n't get me wrong , you have the right to determination . 
  my only gripe is that the situation could 've been handled much better and it turned out to be one of the most complicated problems of our time . 
  israel is a great democracy , does massive contributions to technology and has great food but i simply do n't like the way it came to be . 
  not at the expense of others , no . 
  and you know this promised land bullshit is completely bogus , this means applying religion to real-world geopolitics . 
  my ancestors were probably roman or vandals , should i reclaim the mediterranean back on the pretext it was once our land ? 
  absolutely not . 
  the barbarians adopted christianity as a way to unite the tribes and wage war . 
  the native south-americans got enslaved , raped and wiped out , and on top of that , converted by force . 
  it 's quite ironic really , latinos are really religious but completely oblivious to the fact that their ancestors got essentially genocided * because * of their religion . 
  it 's normal , the ones that stayed are liberal , while the ones that left are religious ( aka conservative ) enough to think they have a promised land . 
  so what if they 're christian ? 
  are you americans still on that religion shit after all these years ? 
  quick reminder that latinos are christian because they were forced into it . 
  oh so we 're back to slinging mud now ? 
  the fuck is wrong with this sub, 
  i noticed british users are always the most defensive whenever it involves them , ireland , or stuff like this . 
  this is madness !, 
  unless we 're talking about different cultural movements , i fail to see your point . 
  the century of lights was pro-scientific and anti-religious , for the first time in centuries , researchers and philosophers rallied against the status quo . 
  i do n't know what bach or michelangelo have anything to do with this , especially since the latter died 2 centuries before the enlightenment . 
  why `` french citizens '' in quotes ? 
  their grandparents are from the same area where those exact jews come from , aka north africa . 
  ps : you ca n't downvote true facts, 
  um the enlightenment was anti-religion , and started with the french revolution . 
  the year of terror was extremely deadly , any religious person got executed . 
  had to specify it because everyone on reddit is obsessed with origins, 
  wow totally unexpected !, 
  they really do n't deserve to be here if that 's the case then . 
  they came to our continent for a safe place , yet they commit idiotic stuff like this because they come from a shithole themselves . 
  send them back there , and keep the legit ones that are willing to integrate and work hard . 
  it 's the same war that 's been going on since the creation of islam, 
  it 's just summer , specialized vegetation evolved for different seasons . 
  in winter it 's all green, 
  pay a visit to the poorer european states , especially the bad neighborhoods, 
  worldnews is 50/50 , depends on who upvotes/downvotes the fastest but still , this is n't appropriate for our sub , it 's more international and does n't involve a european state, 
  eh it 's not surprising , they 're like poorly educated 3rd generation immigrants with strong nationalism for the motherland even though they do n't speak a single word of the language . 
  add in some islam and you have stuff like this reminds me of those nationalist german turks , extremely pro-erdogan, 
  i think the last time it was good and prosperous was during the 60s , it did get worse overall , and will continue in that downward path, 
  my bad then , i 'm not up with the memes, 
  saint-denis ( 93 ) was always shitty and neglected, 
  saying syria cheapens your joke , they 're legitimate refugees, 
  do n't they have one of the biggest armies in the world ? 
  you can go ahead and post roman polanski too , we 're lames as well, 
  we 'll send you a jesus look-alike, 
  i dry myself with my personal towel , i really do n't need tp anymore, 
  problem is , we do n't really have any street food other than crepes with cheese and meat . 
  even our cheap stuff got ` gentrified ' ( onion soup gets expensive in touristy areas , ironic ), 
  i guess south france and north morocco/algeria are part of spain too, 
  you shit in bidets ? 
  i have the same bidet !, 
  no more toilet paper , more money that goes towards useless stuff, 
  soon to be mandatory, 
  the grande arche is n't 100 % facing the arc de triomphe , it 's a bit angled towards the tour eiffel . 
  the reason being , the load-bearing system could n't be placed in such a way to not cut the underground metro tracks . 
  i have morisco heritage and trust me , morocco does n't have any . 
  they 're different , the ones you 're talking about are 100 % unrelated to us . 
  to this day , arab spain still has no ` real ' successor . 
  i 'd say the only moriscos left are either fully spanish or simply died . 
  i was talking about american conservatives and rightwingers since you meant spencer , not the actual alt-right , but i see your point, 
  but they give absolutely 0 shits about jews themselves , they want the coming of the christ , which requires an ongoing war in the region . 
  unreal , especially in 2017 , some people still believe in this nonsense . 
  dude let them be there 's plenty of married gay christians, 
  i 'm 28 and me neither , only watched documentaries on tv, 
  incoming larpers in 3 ... 
  well it 's an art nouveau church with gothic elements , it 's from a whole other era that is bleeding in our current timeline because it 's still in construction, 
  i hope turkey gets back to democracy soon,
