  i just do n't know what to expect from the shitstorm that is about to come from rising sea levels , rising heat and famine, 
  china is already taking over africa right now , we 're not as good as we used to, 
  the french ethnicity is made up of lots of different backgrounds such as germanic and celtic groups . 
  you 're french if you adhere to our values and speak the language . 
  that 's how it works here . 
  it does n't work the same way in poland as you said , there 's no `` only '' correct point of view . 
  i guess you 're right, 
  the catholic vs protestant war was the dumbest thing to happen in history, 
  [ genetic distribution ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5f/turkey_y_chromosome%28in_20_haplogroups%29.png/800px-turkey_y_chromosome%28in_20_haplogroups%29.png ) j2 = 24 % , west mediterranean , caucasian , western and southern central asia r1b = 14.7 % , widespread in western eurasia , with distinct ` west asian ' and ` west european ' lineages g = 10.9 % , typical of people from the caucasus and to a lesser extent the middle east , southern parts of central asia , and europe you can see that at least 50.3 % of the population is some mix of eurasian . 
  turkmen mixed with the kurds , persians , eastern europeans and many other ethnic groups , but they still have turkic heritage . 
  the turk is baffled because posts related to turkey are n't well appreciated here , yet altai which is practically the center of the asian continent is upvoted . 
  because the altai mountains is where the turkic people originate from, 
  late ? 
  i 'm sure the u.s or australia wo n't even ban them until the next century , if we 're still alive, 
  yeah , france and uk = entirety of eu, 
  i 'm a big fan of mohamed myself, 
  american education rofl, 
  let 's make that number close to 100 %, 
  upvote for iron maiden !, 
  well apparently it does allow you to sleep , something i 've had trouble with for the past 3 years, 
  i never smoked a joint in my life and i have to , the only thing deterring me is the means of obtaining it, 
  it 's been a thing for millenia, 
  just like trump still holding rallies even though he 's the damn president, 
  i 100 % agree with you , migrants take advantage of the situation and that 's completely despicable, 
  they 're asylum seekers , not actual refugees, 
  i got ta admit the haussmannien style gets boring after a while , nonetheless i still admire it and the countless of art-d\u00e9co buildings we have ( possible the best architecture style to exist imo ), 
  for the record you 're arguing with a strongly opinionated american , i 've reported him/her because of their disgusting comments in a thread yesterday ( massively downvoted as well , i was n't the only one ) . 
  trust me , this is like cutting a hydra 's head, 
  the colonies were bigger than our mainland ... haha, 
  norway and switzerland are essentially smurfing, 
  take a fucking chill pill , we 're not to blame for what we did to your great grandparents , and that 's a stretch . 
  you might be sephardic and completely unaffected . 
  you have a country and land ( and it 's bordering the beautiful mediterranean ) now , something your ancestors failed to do since the dawn of civilization , stop acting so hateful, 
  the nazis were pretty damn good in that regard, 
  you may have an nl flair but your comments are scarily american, 
  how the hell are we trying to turn into israel ? 
  got ta thank the great us of a for pressuring us into outlawing weed in the early 20 * th century, 
  we got the internet super late compared to the u.s, 
  blm is a terrorist group now, 
  when you still have n't bought the expansion pack and ca n't access the new zone, 
  i 'm not sure we 're able to do this in this time and age , this stuff is too complicated i 'm fine with banning religion though , especially targetting them, 
  would be interesting to know the date when those record temperatures were reached , unless i 'm missing something, 
  you ca n't send back your own citizens, 
  you know the cit\u00e9s were built near car factories so those cheap maghrebi workers could basically permanently at work ? 
  i 'm sure you studied this at school our government in the 50s & 60s is to blame for the segregation here, 
  last time i went to tangiers the locals spoke french and spanish fluently , not sure about other cities though, 
  this skyline is pretty massive compared to those , these towers look huge while our towers at la defense are pretty short, 
  my favorite place to go !, 
  i live right next to it and it 's only 6 metro stations away, 
   western please do n't put us in the same boat as those guys, 
   so is the west the only reason the u.s is n't part of this refugee shitshow is because there 's a gigantic ocean separating us , it 's literally their problem yet our continent pays the consequences ... 
  you have to differentiate between immigrant and refugee . 
  having a handful of refugees is fine , having a boatload of immigrants from countries like afghanistan or somalia is asking for trouble ( which is why germany is deporting them back ), 
  yep you 're right , it 's used in a very suggestive manner your theory sounds kinda valid , though the origins of the word remain unclear , some say it descends from * coquinus * which means ` culinary ' , but i fail to see any connection, 
  we and italy are the wisest, 
  it 's been this hot for a couple of years though, 
  37 degrees right now as i 'm typing this , my keyboard is burning hot, 
  morocco was phoenician , roman , andalusian , portuguese , spanish and french , really underrated country with how much culture it has, 
  phoenicians i believe, 
  it 's horrible , my thoughts go to those who lost their loved ones . 
  holy hell turkey posts are really unpopular here , everytime it gets mentioned it 's only about 60 % upvoted, 
   european muslims  go back to their countries ? 
  this thread is a cesspool of nonsense, 
  they speak a form of urdu so a pakistani could understand them, 
  well they 're pretty obsessed with europe , i hope they lower their expectations for the next wave of tourism because last time they all fainted and stuff, 
  lol, 
   ` we ' yeah do n't put us on the same boat thanks , i tend to leave religion where it belongs : books . 
  yay more easteurope bigotry, 
  you 're gon na sweat your head off, 
  yes , even the converts . 
  this is an illegitimate church that should 've never been built in the first place . 
  i envy your breathable environment, 
  one of the most influential buildings in architecture history , it pushed art nouveau in the spotlight and much later on , organic architecture, 
  choose your own adventure !, 
  no colonial power could prevent immigration at the time . 
  it was free , cheap labour . 
  the case for france was purely for business , so they brought in a bunch of algerians & moroccans for the booming auto industry and segregated them in massive projects . 
  the single states name ? 
  caliphate of cordoba : ^ ), 
  what about the war on christmas, 
  no offense but a first world country with a massive part of the population that still believes in creationism , denies climate change and believes in ` white genocide ' is hilariously sad, 
  new zealand is literal paradise on earth, 
  and to think we 've almost been wiped once , with less than 3000 members left ... 
  our continent is open for hopeful people that look forward to make earth a better place !, 
  he is , dare i say it , our liberator . 
  the americanocentric scheme of things is no longer sustainable , let 's see if those coal workers will get their jobs back , if they have n't drowned from rising sea levels or burned from the rising heat yet . 
   when will france be a muslim country this one made me laugh so hard , with a hint of anxiety, 
  they 're two different species , unless you imply there 's many different species of the human race . 
  born in europe = european, 
  foourchan slash-pol-slash maymays in / r/europe lul, 
  no point in monarchy , serves absolutely no purpose, 
   2 choice question  someone replies with `` yes '' hahahahah fucking hilarious my fellow redditor, 
  op is 100 % americano, 
  i 'm not sure what a turkic superstate would achieve , but it seems interesting, 
  tpmp should be nuked from orbit i 'm glad we have arte too , i leave it on 24/7 because there 's always something to learn, 
  not just poor countries, 
  please , there 's absolutely no way greece will conquer anatolia in any timeline . 
  turkey has the 10th strongest army in the world , and attacking them would be economic suicide . 
  you are very much larping , and please do n't tell me you believe ` constantinople ' must righteously be given back to greece . 
  seeking repentance ?
