then call the politicians anti-immigration , not anti-refugee . 
  those immigrants are taking advantage of the situation and are scum, 
  til homeless syrians are immigrants, 
  i remember them hopping on my uncle 's car to steal any food they could find , they were ruthless, 
  i 'd like to give north africa to the romans back but sadly they do not exist anymore :( maybe a berber superstate ? 
  calling him anti-semitic is a pretty big fucking stretch he did n't criticize judaism nor israel, 
  french jews ca n't survive there and most often return, 
  they 're illegals and do n't have citizenship . 
  them being here means nothing . 
  no one can resist them, 
  romas do n't have citizenship here , they do n't even speak french . 
  the northern africans are n't even legitimate refugees , they 're just economic immigrants, 
  you 're aggressively arguing with multiple people , you seem commited \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  you seem irrationally annoyed, 
  no thanks , american political terms do n't apply here, 
  i have no words, 
  ** succeed **  s\u0259k\u02c8si\u02d0d / submit verb 1 . achieve the desired aim or result . 
  `` he succeeded in winning a pardon '' synonyms : triumph , be victorious , achieve success , be successful , be a success , do well , make good , prosper , flourish , thrive , advance ; more  2 . 
  ** take over a * throne * , office , or other position from . 
  ** [ wikipedia ] ( http://imgur.com/ejpiyte ) whoever is downvoting me for disagreement does n't know what downvotes are for . 
  you 've been going around being anti-turk in this thread like every greek person like it 's your personal duty instead of acknowledging true facts in history . 
  the greek dude is really adamant about this subject, 
  dude , if someone beats the shit out of you , takes your crown and throne , he 's essentially succeeding you . 
  looks like he 's from the great old us of a, 
  he probably fucked someone 's wife too, 
  holy crap you were n't kidding, 
  well their influence is still there, 
  the ottomans named themselves the direct successors to the byzantines, 
  it helps that jews see themselves as both jews and jewish, 
  the spanish jews were simply following the andalusian arabs , they even both got expelled at the same time . 
  interestingly enough , spain is offering jews to return but not to the mozarrabs, 
  if i felt sad for every genocide that happened throughout history , i 'd kill myself, 
  shit happens ? 
  if numbers make you sad , then human history has a lot of it to offer . 
  they were arab/berber and were there even before the moorish conquest, 
  okay, 
  the talmud explicitly states that a menstruating woman must sleep on the floor , sick hygiene bro, 
  why the fuck did france 's numbers double ? 
  in spanish it 's simply called salsa rosa, 
   chips are you playing a fucking game op ? 
  pls do n't jinx it, 
  e l e c t o r a l c o l l e g e, 
  she 's just a brainless old hag anyway, 
  ( none ), 
  wilders is at an all time low atm, 
  our 2-round system is the greatest , biggest , most perfect . 
  a great deal of people were upset when bush won the election but lost the popular vote to gore, 
  haha lol, 
  would you rather have gmo skeptics , or creationism taught along evolution in schools ? 
  architecture of yurop edit : hey why is this thread downvoted, 
  gtfo, 
  at that point i 'd be traumatized enough to not leave my own house, 
  churro con chocolate , my goodness, 
  i did n't expect the macron-bayrou alliance to be this potent, 
  living anywhere else in the world beats being a doctor in somalia or iraq, 
  probably means emphasis on syllables , our sentences are flat and dull, 
  our school system is harsh :( i 'm still having nightmares of my awful schedule , wake up at 6am , come home at 7pm , rinse and repeat for 5 days , and sometimes have exams on saturday, 
  yeah you 're right , it 's because of the non-discrete jewish lobby . 
  look at pence and tell yourself the average us citizen is more or less like him . 
  there 's a reason why the u.s is so rabidly pro israel while the eu is neutral or almost against them . 
  most often we do n't give a damn about that state while the average american follows the pattern that is `` israel = jews = god 's chosen people , therefore i must protect them '' . 
  up for 9 hours yet this post is sitting at 57 % interesting, 
  yeah a general rule of thumb is that the invading army needs to be 3x greater than the defending army, 
  i 'd rather not have israel as an ally at all , i know you americans love them because of the potential coming of the christ , but turkey is a better strategic point and not as controversial . 
  i love how suspect stuff is always overlooked , a billionaire funding a highly controversial political move ? 
  fake news obviously russia interfering with us elections ? 
  nah it 's just a coincidence russia funding le pen ? 
  completely legal meddling with other sovereign states ' inside affairs is almost a pastime at this point, 
  why go through this hassle just to deport your own citizens , how about we build an island just for criminals so we all send them there , moroccan or not ? 
  yeah , that 's how we ended with australia, 
  they 're called pied-noir ( black feet ) , french people that used to live in the ( then ) french algeria . 
  bondy is in seine saint-denis which has one of the highest crime rates in the country , hardly surprising, 
  germanic *, 
  i never really understood why some states are still monarchies, 
  yup , campaigns start in around 2 months and end in may, 
  statistically speaking , there 's more chance of being killed by a shark in the middle of the ocean than by a terrorist . 
  ok bro do n't be surprised when our country becomes a global laughing stock following the u.s this year, 
  yeah but i do n't think it 'll work, 
  and in consequence , they 're bottom 20 in terms of fertility rate and have the 2nd oldest population following monaco . 
  i know it 's their culture of working hard/studying til you pass out , and it shows . 
   singapore i stand corrected on this single point , but it 's far too specific in my opinion, 
  dude last time i checked zuckerberg was a billionaire with no political power . 
  globalism is a new buzzword that replaced globalization which generally means to exchange culturally and economically . 
  and it 's inevitable because : 1 . 
  immigration can not be stopped , you want it or not , you 'll have to deal with it . 
  without immigration we would still be in africa . 
  cheaper workforce will always take jobs first . 
  automation will replace most labour jobs . 
  renewable energies will put an end to the coal industry , a slow process but it 's gon na happen either way . 
  i 'd like some examples . 
  an example of a ( modern ) dictatorship without : a. 
  excessive poverty b. 
  poor human rights record c. strong economy what 's funnier is that russia went through a couple of different dictators in the span of not even a century . 
  do n't bother arguing with him , the moment someone mentions ( ( ( globalism ) ) ) they lose any credibility . 
  plus he comments in t_d , so it will probably end in a shitfest . 
  russia is a dictatorship and it 's laughable , dictatorships never succeed . 
  [ there 's a whole section talking about this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_gibraltar#barbary_pirate_raids_and_wars_with_other_european_powers ), 
  gibraltar has historically been a pirate enclave , so this is n't too surprising, 
  well except we did n't open ourselves to the world , just uniting a continent because otherwise small single nations will just get crushed like the baltic states or the balkans . 
   shrinking gdp share currently our gdp fluctuates between 1.8 and 2.2 compared to the u.s that went from 3.5 to 1.9 in 6 months .
