  it 's a city of 2 million , what do you expect ? 
  centuries ? 
  try millenia !, 
  if present-day jews have any connection to ancient jews at least . 
  i know they 've been massacred by the romans , muslims during the crusades and expelled around 15 times from france, 
  i have a jewish friend and he does n't seem to care , we never even talked about this subject in the first place, 
  ay fucking lmao please do n't hit us with that / pol / shit you post in / r/conspiracy and cheeto benito 's fanboy club , why should i take you seriously ? 
  i 'm not even sure if you 're japanese ( why would you even care about american politics ) or just here to troll, 
  it intruments missile range, 
  it was a pagan temple , converted into a church at the end of the empire . 
  should simply be a museum , there 's no point into keeping at its current state because it was never a church in the first place . 
  it should never have been converted to a church that 's a gigantic disgrace, 
  why is this bogus nonsense upvoted, 
  last time i 've checked , it was young americans being obsessed with the uk and its culture, 
   10 ) wait for it . 
  he said france is ` our closest ally ' , gulp . 
  he was n't wrong , 
  from who then ? 
  immigrants ? 
  or arab/muslim europeans ? 
  north africans account for 10 % of the population , they 're an absolute minority , our culture is still standing strong . 
   the large-scale immigration from islamic countries has sparked controversy in france . 
  nevertherless , according to justin va\u00efsse , in spite of obstacles and spectacular failures like the riots in november 2005 , in parisian suburbs , where many immigrants live secluded from society with very few capabilities to live in better conditions , the integration of muslim immigrants is happening as part of a background evolution [ 68 ] and recent studies confirmed the results of their assimilation , showing that `` north africans seem to be characterized by a high degree of cultural integration reflected in a relatively high propensity to exogamy '' with rates ranging from 20 % to 50 % . 
  the right is getting old and dusty centrists and 3rd parties/independents will soon take the spotlight, 
  we should just close/destroy ( not even part of our `` heritage '' , like cathedrals ) mosques suspected of wahabbism ( receiving funds from saudi arabia ) . 
  i 'm getting sick with this shit , too tired of having religious nuts right in front of us while we do nothing edit : the thing is , i 'm absolutely not racist . 
  i have no problem with north africans , i just do n't like their values and religion ( i 'm atheist , i do n't like religions equally ) , but islam is a very distinct problem . 
  we 've had algerians since the '50s ( french territory at the time ) because we needed some help in the booming auto industry , we offered them better pay and entirely new neighborhoods just for them ( called cit\u00e9s , huge housing projects , ended up being a terrible idea ) . 
  now , those workers integrated pretty well and were irreligious to begin with . 
  now their grandchildren were caught in a wave of discrimination from nationalists and had trouble integrating ( they 're french , but do n't recognize it ) . 
  so they started meeting their kin , where ? 
  in mosques , because that 's where you meet people with similar ideas . 
  the problem is they 're too brainwashed , something i have trouble understanding . 
  they 're nothing alike their immigrant grandparents , and started adopting wahabbi islamist culture for some fucking reason . 
  which is why we should simply raze all those mosques , give them motivation to study , and contribute to society . 
  ( the majority of them are on welfare ) . 
  why ? 
  those mosques plant hate seeds in them , to despise the country . 
  in one part , they do receive unfair discrimination which may demotivate them , but they should simply make their voices heard , to fight for their rights . 
  / end of rant, 
  we have a gypsy/roma problem here too, 
  tfw an american comes into a european sub to tell others what to do, 
  morocco was a french colony though , plus the whole `` native '' bs is american talk for `` you 're not the same race as me '' . 
  when i first started travelling , visiting neighbor countries . 
  went to spain , germany , switzerland , england and belgium . 
  hopefully the netherlands , italy and austria soon , then i 'll keep my journey through the north finishing with eastern europe . 
  and being of mediterranean origin , i feel 100 % european . 
  yeah in france it 's in the same category as the balaklava . 
  100 % for security reasons , and not discriminatory bs . 
  well i 'll try to make sure that wo n't happen , anything can happen though and uncertainty makes me anxious . 
  we * really * have to be careful of fake news , especially in the upcoming months, 
  i hope this means no more brexit talk for years to come , it 's been 6 months and i 'm already tired of my media getting clogged up by theresa may and her anti-porn antics . 
  good luck filthy britons , but please do n't raise the price on tea :(, 
  cheeky, 
  bringing back the holy roman empire would be cool as fuck something like the united roman states of europe would be cool, 
  yeah ok mr romanian, 
  did you read the article ? 
  his slogan is `` en marche '' plus his only two competitors are fillon and le pen , who are both hated by the the left and the liberals, 
  erdogan started the populist bs that we know today , check videos of his old rallies, 
  the entity known as italy did n't exist , they were just tribe members like the latins , sabines etc before augustus , * italia * only designed southern italy as well . 
  mostly happens in the u.s , they have a neverending obsession with jews in general . 
  probably for the return of jesus or something, 
  they were n't even italian to begin with , they were whatever tribe member, 
  only a small , hyper-educated engineering base will operate these machines and get a share of the profit other than the owners of course . 
  getting an engineering degree ai n't easy, 
  luxembourg should n't be included, 
  i understand your point . 
  but it simply does n't make sense , a jewish person born in another country , grows up there , studies there , is by any means considered a citizen of that country . 
  it 's not even about patriotism , but it 's extremely lame , almost as if it was too easy to just leave and not make any effort in improving themselves and their surroundings . 
  `` wow there 's too many muslims , i 'm leaving this shithole '' `` france went to shit , fuck this country '' studies have shown french jews poorly integrate anyway , so i hope they come back and we 'll all work together to make this country better . 
  you know why i commented in the first place ? 
  me , i do n't even have a failsafe to fall back to , i was born here , studied here , my family resides here as well . 
  i have no where to go because this is where i belong . 
  ps : rough neighborhoods and the occasional racist asshole do n't make me want to leave the country , shit happens . 
  i have no idea what the hell he means, 
  they 're all maghr\u00e9bins here , very few ashkenazis, 
  message to french jews : do you love israel more than france ? 
  unpatriotic zealots can leave now i do n't give a shit you 're either french or not, 
  blacks are american more than the early 20th wave of immigrants, 
  no electoral college crap here, 
  it really does . 
  why do n't you just go ahead and propose that we kick them out eh ? 
  how about those that directly descend from their grandparents that arrived in the 50 's ? 
  we should kick them out too right ? 
  please , your flair says bulgaria , you should be asking for an expulsion of those roma and gypsies out . 
  sooo , you want to see german people when you 're out being a tourist in a country you have zero links with ? 
  please do us a favour and get out with your racist bs, 
  they 've been the enemy ever since they caused 9/11, 
  those are very sketchy neighborhoods like i said ( thanks for reading fam ) and the video has been debunked as fake by countless of shows here . 
  i used to live in the 18\u00e8me arrondissement near barb\u00e8s ( equivalent of any mlk drive in the us ) and had to run to get home from school because of thugs . 
  if you 're jewish , they 'll get antisemitic , if you 're white , they 'll just attack you . 
  make a video walking through a black neighborhood full of crackhouses and try to survive to make a '10 hour ' documentary , do it . 
  nothing ever happens anyway . 
  i grew up with jews ( my godmother is jewish and was married to the old ruler of gibraltar , sadly he passed away before i was even born ) , and have lots of jewish friends . 
  to be quite honest , i do n't see the discrimination , they live close to eachother in their own communities far away from the black/north african neighborhoods . 
  i 'm talking for paris , so i do n't know what 's going on anywhere else obviously . 
  segregation is inevitable , people look for their kin because it reduces the effort to integrate . 
  ps : i respect israel as a country but not the way it came to existence exclusively because i 'm a hardcore anti-theist . 
  gypsies dress up as syrian refugees and steal shit i fucking hate them, 
  your vote for putin would n't have mattered anyway .
