  [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/gdp-growth ) in fact , our gdp was -5.4 in 2009 and we managed to bounce back . 
  you 're the one currently spreading myths . 
   shrinking eu economy the eu is growing every single day , and helped other nations as well : poland for example . 
  being selfish and isolationist only gets you so far . 
  is n't finno-ugric the same as mongolic ? 
  edit : do n't trust memes, 
  we have the same problem here , building segregated neighborhoods rarely goes well, 
  hmm this is a bit too old for me , but my mom used to watch this in the 80s, 
  calimero !, 
  this made me love chickens as a kid, 
  the mole, 
   seems like you should stop importing people then if population density is the issue . 
  illegals come by themselves and overstay their visas , or by other illegal means . 
  why am i to blame for ` importing ' people ? 
   no , there is no planned population control by the french government , they segregate themselves . 
  not their fault you westerners can not comprehend the reality and causation of tribalism and ethnicity . 
  no , it 's much more complicated than that . 
  it started because of the auto industry back in the 50s in which car companies started importing workers from north africa but with a terrible long-term solution . 
  the segregation was 100 % premeditated by building housing projects near factories that were essentially in the middle of nowhere . 
  you know what 's the other problem ? 
  appartments in those projects are dirt cheap which attracts people that earn enough just to live . 
  families then have kids , those kids grow up knowing nothing but poverty , plus there 's the added factor of religion which does n't help at all . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  you should watch la haine , it 'll maybe clear up your views . 
  zagreb population and size : 800k/641km \u00b2 paris population and size : 2.2 m/105 .4 km \u00b2 do you not notice anything ? 
  paris is almost 6 times smaller yet has more than double the population . 
  who perpetrates the crimes ? 
  yes , 3rd generation north africans which are still french and it is a problem caused by france doing a shit job at integrating them ( segregating them in gigantic buildings very far away from the city ) . 
  but you act like riots do n't happen in big metropolitan areas , and why are you refuting my nyc claim ? 
  it 's completely valid , both are rich global metropolitan cities with shady neighborhoods . 
  ( and i know how terrible they are ) . 
  dude , i live here , i know this place more than what 's inside my backpack . 
   what claims ? 
  your exaggerated claims concerning the riots other than being a keyboard warrior , what do you want us to do ? 
  kick out the immigrants ? 
  make protesting illegal ( which can cause a civil war ) ? 
  you eastern europeans are conservative and for the most part anti-arab , but those arabs are french and their grandparents are from former french colonies . 
  let me tell you why i 'm annoyed by these zealots that comment just to trash on the most visited city on earth : 1 . 
  if you have n't lived here , do n't make any comments on the city itself . 
  i 've lived here for all my life , i 've worked with people from all backgrounds , my opinion holds far more weight than any visiting person . 
  eastern folk think there 's some invasion going on when in fact protesting is a birth right , for god 's sake striking is a legal right . 
  people are shocked about riots but forget about the french revolution . 
  i feel personally insulted , imagine someone insulting your country then calling you delusional because you have a `` defensive mechanism '' and trying to `` normalize '' negative things . 
  all in a passive aggressive manner . 
  are you a ~ ~ fucking idiot ~ ~ ( sorry for being rude ) to compare paris to zagreb ? 
  compare it to nyc which has similar shady neighborhoods the cars set on fire were in the banlieues , nowhere near the capital , which is something that regularly happens i need some sources for your claims as well, 
  yeah but you 'll find poor areas in every big city on earth , it 's bound to happen, 
  it 's milk and chocolate all in one, 
  asterix & obelix are an integral part of my childhood, 
  i 'm guessing eastern europe, 
  but it 's not islamized at all you eastern folk are extremely out of touch on what happens in the western side of the continent, 
  dear lord this farage guy is an absolute retard, 
  [ source needed ], 
  europe ( not the e.u ) is already richer than the us, 
  this . 
  cutting funds from saudi arabia should be the n1 priority . 
  i ca n't describe how i hate those religious fuckwads, 
  unrelated , but patrick bruel is an awful singer, 
  as a gibraltarian-born frenchman , implying we 're a spanish town is highly offensive :(, 
  `` american ( insert european food ) is better '' will trigger europe , try it for yourself !, 
  you 're correct , thanks for clarifying your statement, 
  syria is n't part of schengen , what the hell do you mean ? 
   traditional white flag that 's pretty rich considering we have the most military victories of any modern nation . 
  also extra rich coming from someone that did n't exist 60 years ago . 
  it 's laughable, 
  polan stronk, 
  this statement is retarded on so many levels, 
  if you 're born in the netherlands , you 're not really an immigrant, 
  reddit is always anti protests for some reason it 's part of our history , it 's our birtright !, 
  i mean , spain has been arab longer than it 's been spanish, 
  i used to take the ligne 13 every damn day , worst ligne by far, 
  you have more in common with turkish muslims than i do ... and i 'm half gibraltarian, 
  first round : all candidates gather votes , if no one gets 51 % of the votes , then the 2 candidates with the most votes move on to the second round second round : 50 % +1 gets you the presidency . 
  everything works with the popular vote , no electoral college, 
  hey , you 're the same guy that said you wanted to see french or german people when you visit their respective countries . 
  and i 'll say it again , eastern european folk are really out of touch with immigration ffs your ancestors are turkmen, 
  regardless , they 're kind of used to dictators, 
  north africa has been roman for a super long time, 
  why ? 
  are you french ? 
  it 's the fact russia has almost 50 % of the world 's nukes that scares people, 
  no surprise , you 're a trump fanboy if all muslims are isis partisans then you 're a nazi, 
  i 'd rather be with a muslim than a member of the alt-right to be frank i grew up with friends of different backgrounds , but a racist bigot gets no sympathy from me, 
  i 've seen an old turkish man meowing at an egg , so i think i 've seen everything, 
  shh you 're moorish now , yusuf . 
  the radicalization is caused by saudi arabia funding mosques that specifically target disgruntled teen , thinking their own country is the enemy for growing up in cit\u00e9s, 
  what do you expect when you colonize half of africa, 
  spain might as well return to its roots : ^ ), 
  til young french muslims are refugees, 
  if you have n't lived in the country , gently shut the fuck up . 
  they came in the 60s and they 're not refugees , we brought them over as a workforce specifically for the automobile industry , and they integrated well . 
  we need mods from / r/askhistorians tired of obvious trumpettes shitting on our sub, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  tell me how the fuck is the eu `` extreme globalism '', 
  funny how eastern european folk are always the ones against immigration, 
  another similarly populated city is chicago which is one of the most dangerous cities in the u.s. . . and chicago is n't in a third world country either . 
  you have more chance to get mugged by a cow in the sea than in a populous city either way, 
  nah you said third world countries , seoul is extremely developed and is part of the east asian sphere which is 100 % different , mainly culture . 
  paris on the other hand attracts an astronomical amount of tourists , roma and other illegals . 
  do n't forget there 's a sizeable portuguese minority here ,
