  i mean not much can happen other than getting the genocide acknowledged . 
  go larp elsewhere, 
  it 's 28 degrees right now and i 'm dying , humidity is no joke and it 's only getting worse ... i 'm getting for 38 degree weather in july, 
  annexation . 
  shawarma is n't turkish, 
  o-zone took the whole continent by storm in the 2000s , man i 'll never forget dragostea din tei , the chorus is legendary, 
   came here in the '60s as guest workers from rural , more conservative/traditional areas in their former countries that 's what some people fail to understand they think our 6 millions of maghrebis just came last year lmao, 
  if that were the case my whole family line would be considered non-french :(, 
  albania ? 
  chechnya ? 
  spain 's culture being part arabic ? 
  just say islam is n't part of a western-centrist europe, 
  i 'm so glad it 's sunny again , well , it 's cloudy atm but still better than raining for a whole week straight, 
  we did not bring anyone 2 . 
  they 're 3rd generation immigrants from former colonies 3 . 
  they 're from the same countries the jews came from, 
  p\u00e9d\u00e9, 
  extreme lack of education and westernization of the families is the main cause . 
  teaching them at school is useless because whenever they go home they go back to their own ways . 
  i 'm still optimist about this , we should be able to correct this , no matter how hard . 
  they 're leaving by thousands , yes , but recent studies have shown they come back . 
  i blame islam ( i 'm anti-theist , but it 's the only religion that bugs me like hell ) but our arab communities descend from immigrants exactly the same way as our jewish communities , they 're from the same countries . 
  i 'm glad our communities are thriving * , the jewish population doubled since , but they 're quite different from the ones that got slaughtered . 
  they 're sephardic ( afaik morocco refused to hand them over as they were equal with the rest of the population and the algerians followed the french after the war for independence ) and drastically different from the ones that unfortunately got caught, 
  and the portuguese speak brazilian ofc, 
  well my stupidly conservative father keeps calling him gay ( even worse , french equivalent of `` faggot '' ) . 
  i can see where that 's coming from, 
  reddit tends to absorb users and make them feel american for a sec i could * almost * feel the absence of healthcare just by reading some comments over at worldnews, 
  fuck i lost, 
  the first mayor of paris was black , zidane was of algerian origin . 
  they 're all french in my book , even myself i 'm not ethnically french ( spanish/gibraltarian ) , but my parents were born here , same for me , but there 's only one country i deeply love and it 's france . 
  ps : napoleon was italian, 
  can confirm , tagged him as a trump fanboy months ago in bright fuschia, 
  cool buildings n shit, 
  small correction but it 's hausmann, 
  still better than having a far-right government , 
  i 'm so glad we can use this as reply now, 
  you 're making me hungry :d, 
  meanwhile you have molenbeek lmao, 
  tell me how this is / r/europe related in any form . 
  anti-semitic or anti-zionist ? 
  big difference . 
  could be both as well . 
  make north africa roman again, 
  moroccans go through spain afaik, 
  funnily enough the fourth crusade was against the byzantines themselves, 
  yeah not gon na happen sorry way too much money to be made, 
  we must free the world of islam , but preserve the good parts of it ( i mean even the worst cultures of all have positive points ), 
  british / r/europe users have been extra salty ever since the brexit , like something tragic happened . 
  is it leaving the eu ? 
  i did not deny the israeli victories , in fact it was an outstanding achievement to defend themselves as major underdogs . 
  but they were given land and denying that is being overzealous , they were given land through the partition plan . 
  g l o b a l i s m l o b a l i s m, 
  * laughs in mehmet *, 
  slow and steady wins the race, 
  i agree , i still find it the one of the most fascinating structures in history, 
  you 're comparing a city that 's been conquered by a legitimate powerful empire to a tiny piece of land ( owned by the very same empire ) that was handed over to zionist jews through controversial claims , it does n't hold the same weight, 
   italian what, 
  please stop larping , if you want it to be constantinople , go back in time and prevent the whole region being conquered by the turks . 
  maybe in eu4 you can try that , but irl you can still dream tho, 
  you 're a massive dumbfuck , i should n't even be replying to you , as it implies someone as stupid as you currently exists . 
  norman begs to differ . 
  matter of fact we still have territories all around the world , without being an outdated monarchy . 
  your arrogance and holier-than-thou attitude will be your undoing . 
  you 'll be obsolete in 10 years , it 's the sad reality farewell , frenemies, 
  you ca n't differentiate memes and legitimate comments i see . 
  i frankly do not give a shit , it does n't affect my life in any way . 
  i earn good money and i do n't even have to pay for healthcare and my future kids will get free education as well . 
  please tell me more about how socialism is the end of man and how we 'll soon turn into frankistan . 
  any further replies and you 'll get blocked . 
  i 'm in a european subreddit , talking about europe . 
  the moment we announce our gdp is higher than yours y' all get out of the woodwork to share your utterly useless opinion . 
  learn to spell de gaulle 's name first and come back . 
  i love how anything related to turkey is controversial , even historical meme-y threads . 
  putin ca n't be attributed to a political party . 
  he 's probably his own party at this point , with extreme corruption . 
  a 120 % margin of victory strikes more . 
  americans think this is a sport . 
  everything is a fucking sport to them . 
  `` oh we 're the strongest country of the solar system , murica '' `` our gdp is the best , rest of the world is inexistent , blablabla freedom blablabla cheap food '', 
  typical 90s teen movie protagonist, 
  fillion still looking like a douche 4 decades later, 
  thanks :d i hope i 'm part of a good thing, 
  larping in full effect, 
  fuck i thought this was upvoted to the top until i saw it was sorted by new, 
  they want to segrate the communities further and get more recruits, 
  [ jean moulin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_moulin ), 
  well once christianity was established as the empire 's religion , yes . 
  before that , it was already pretty united . 
  also the first to call himself successor of the roman empire even though he was completely unrelated to it . 
  even ethnically . 
  roman empire = meditarranean = yurop + btw finland is very outlandish to people, 
  i literally typed atheism in vaporwave font what 's wrong with that, 
  mind clarifying the left bleeding part and how it 's intentional ? 
  at this point it 's a circlejerk . 
  the `` deus vult '' memes have been appropriated by infamous neonazis and thus , lost all of their flavor . 
  quit with this crusadist nonsense, 
  a t h e i s m, 
  it was about fucking time, 
  blaming assad will get you downvoted .
