yikes i am neither of those, 
  who are the most humourless ? 
  it would ? 
  why are your girls so easy ? 
  sweden should shut the fuck up, 
  the best way of surveillance , put a grandma in every house, 
  the turks are a good people i would n't want that future for them, 
  you are absolutely correct , however just because im born here doesnt mean im swedish , these are not my people so i could n't care less about their fate tbh, 
  very troubling , if you turks do n't watch this progression you might end up a breeding ground for islamism , and before you know it you are the new france, 
  might also just be that the polish are easier prey since they are not as tribal as indians/pakistanis , and thus wo n't call their whole community upon the racists if one guy is attacked, 
  you know your country is going to shit when it 's described as `` more safe than se asia '' ... 
   before i was forced out oh you do n't live there anymore ? 
  and that story is so typical haha !, 
  absolutely 0 flexibility, 
   probably why finnish people drink so much compared to greeks yeah lol , and drinking only to get fucked up drunk until you pass out , not because being intoxicated makes stuff more fun cool to see someone with similar experiences though !, 
  this place just bores me to tears with how regulated it is !, 
  it struck me most recently whilst speaking to an italian exchange student who asked me all these questions about regulated sales of alcohol , marijuana culture , or just the fact that we were in a huge queue to a club that was only filled 1/3 of its capacity since the guards had decided to act on the `` 1 in 1 out '' policy due to fire regulations or something like that , which he all found to be crazy , and i found myself getting more bitter and bitter as the conversation proceeded . 
  there are always these things , like watching the commercials of the state company that has monopoly on selling alcohol where some ugly 55 year old blonde woman smiles and says to an american businessman who wants them to increase their sales `` but vatt abaut di env\u00e4jronment ? '', 
  with an attitude that oozes how superior she thinks she is . 
  i hate hate hate lutheranism and the morals that follow it and how everyone has the same idea of how to live , act and think . 
  i thank god every day for the influx of arabs to this country because they are atleast actual people instead of robots calculating exactly how to live your life in as efficient and good a manner as possible . 
  it is crazy i should like these people more than my own but i find myself dying on the inside every time swedish people speak because it is 100 % the same rehearsed mantra i have heard a million times over , no matter what subject i am speaking off . 
  there is an immense freedom in being able to walk out of a cafe at 5am and buy some beer and wine from some small little shit kiosk with your friends and then jump up an old turkish wall to sit and watch the sunset and smoke some weed in the middle of town without fearing you 'll be thrown in jail . 
  idk i am just bored with the culture here , finland , sweden , norway - these places are great in some ways but they can also suck the life spirit out of you . 
  or maybe i 'm just nostalgic about spending summers in greece , who knows / rant ^ ^ ^, 
  are you my long lost twin brother ? 
  replace northern ireland with sweden and not yet to have moved to greece and i am you i love you, 
  people do n't buy those kinds of cigarettes in greece, 
  must be all that argile you introduced that corrupted the innocent balkanites and turned them to smoking all sorts of things shame on you, 
   egoistic choices . 
  wtf lol, 
  * diasporaidentityissusesnationalismbonerintensifies *, 
  interesting , i do n't remember any of that in our army, 
  get a flair then this place is much more fun when you can talk shit based on nationality and i ai n't ethinc swedish anyways , so screw tolerance lol, 
  nono , you have a fantastic work ethic which is famous and admired all over the world , do n't get me wrong . 
  that does n't make a good culture though , all protestant cultures are great workers but dead spiritually and culturally . 
  none of you actually live , and you 're all so boring, 
   and that 's why millions risk their lives for a chance to live here money talks m8, 
  hehe , talking to turks i can still get kinda salty over constantinople . 
  nationalism is a helluva drug, 
  lol that is a typo though, 
  why the hell would it be ? 
  how arrogant are you ?? 
  maybe you should 've learned how other cultures work before inviting them all here and expecting them to be loyal just because you all believe your cultures to be the hottest shit whilst they really really really are n't, 
  well maybe they should n't have been wearing such short shorts ? 
   these guys are just looking for excuses to protest & be an ass . 
  i think that 's exactly it . 
  most likely they want to feel like they are standing up to their times great injustice , like their grandparents and parents did before them, 
  well yes , those are very tiny nations, 
   how much black population does uk have [ 3 % lol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_kingdom#ethnicity ), 
  you 'll have a splendid time as retired , 
  eh it is a very depressing place aswell, 
  thann you !, 
  does anyone know when the actual results will come in ? 
  imagine having to live with these people, 
  fuck the eu law , it is n't working . 
  you and us invited them all , we ca n't be hiding behind the laws we created to dump this issue off on greece , it is our problem and we should deal with it . 
  if everyone in the world felt the same way it would be alright , now it only serves to make us weak which in turn threaten my own interests . 
  this is chiefly why i am against it . 
  i also think it sort of deludes our cultures . 
  imagine going to idk morocco and realising everyone spoke your language in the same accent and observing the same traditions eating the same food etc. 
  there would be so much of cultural value lost , and the great diversity of cultures is what makes this world so great !, 
  that is not a path i want us to walk, 
   but that 's what you 'd expect a state to do , take care of its citizens , right ? 
  funnily enough , lots of westerners do n't think this way these days, 
  just having my morning deliria, 
  lol i use it as that but also as a kind of `` alright '' which i got from my cousins , is that not correct ? 
  i have never ever heard about it outside this site, 
  where are you from ? 
  you 've had several genocides of christians and no one ever gave a shit, 
  we 'll all have to move to poland or something in 15 years time lol, 
  oh i need to finish my education first but after that i will hopefully be on my way !, 
  i do n't lol these issues does n't apply to me either, 
  ah i see , you are rich and white , none of these issues will apply to you then . 
  carry on , you 'll fit right in !, 
  yeah mate have fun being killed by a handgrenade whilst taking a nap , enjoy the worlds longest housing queue and make sure to have your car insuranced since there is an ever increasing chance it 'll be torched . 
  can we switch places ? 
  lots of old orthodox ladies wear headscarves in their everyday life, 
  i certainly hope it wo n't, 
  aha , thank you . 
  and better luck next time !, 
  is that a long or short way from the goal ? 
  i know absolutely 0 about handball, 
  so the laws/constitution were obviously written when this was not a problem , but guess what , it is now . 
  changing laws based on how the society they act in looks is not `` imprisoning people based of populist whims '', 
  you do n't have to make up any crimes to put these people behind bars , they are illegally trespassing in your country and disturbing the order by trying to climb onto lorries and stuff, 
  i do n't even blame the corporations , they are there to make money why would they care about the state of the country . 
  fair play to them . 
  it is these people as the guy i replied to that angers me , it is incredible how flat they are . 
  i am also gradually losing compassion for them , which saddens me even more, 
  so the law should n't be upheld because it is expensive ? 
  jesus that is absolutely disgusting man, 
  ohh i see thought it was some real guy, 
  lol who is ulf karlsson ? 
  i think it is hitting every major western european country tbh . 
  it is very big in sweden and has been for quite some time, 
  is n't that exactly what i said ? 
  large scale immigration is part of the problem together with a cultural and systemic failure amongst the swedes . 
   http://www.ekonomifakta.se/fakta/utbildning-och-forskning/provresultat/resultat-pisa/ this is a link to the results atleast , far below average . 
  my own analysis is this : immigrants who does n't speak the language and as a result from that have a harder time in school ( immigrants had far worse results than swedish kids ) + a culture where learning has become secondary .
