i mean , come on , it 's 2016 . 
  we 're just having fun m80, 
  which word triggered you ? 
   just so we 're clear , are you asking me how to stop terrorism ? 
  i suppose . 
  the best answer you 've given so far is to maintain the status quo , which increasingly is n't working . 
   maybe you should be clearer about what you actually want to happen here . 
  i just do n't want to live in a europe where cultural homogeneity is seen as backwards , and the mass violence from ensuing social tension is a growing norm , any more . 
   it 's about the fundamental principles of western law . 
  the guilt is always individual , never collective . 
  people are always innocent until found guilty by a fair trial . 
  which works well in a society with strong social cohesion . 
  unfortunately , we now live in a europe where endemic cultural tension is leading people from one community to blow up another several times a year . 
  multicultural `` we 're all human beings , open the floodgates and let them all in '' pipe dreams have n't prevented that . 
  what will ? 
   changing the fundamental rules and balance of power between branches of government is what leads to the police state . 
  so how long has france been under a ` state of emergency ' , which allows police to conduct warrantless raids and house arrests without judicial oversight , now ? 
   either way , how well it works is besides the point . 
  no , it 's exactly the point . 
  if our current approach is leading to societal decay and death on the streets , then it needs to change . 
   the only thing that can be improved here is the efficiency of the police with more funding and/or better management . 
  so europeans now need to invest heavily in security to police the problem communities that should never have been allowed to exist in the first place ? 
  i do n't want to slide into a police state . 
  the way we ` normally do things in the civilised world ' either have n't been applied to molenbeek , or they 've clearly not been working . 
  which is it ? 
   not by vigilante violence and race/religion based deportations for one . 
  that 's fair . 
  but answer the question - how would you solve a problem like molenbeek ? 
  europe 's leaders have spent decades sitting on their hands as areas like these went to shit , and now violence is erupting in the streets . 
   the people here are genuine fascists that do n't believe in the rule of law and democratic accountability . 
  bullshit - it 's exactly the breakdown of law and accountability in these communities that is alarming people . 
  how would you solve a problem like molenbeek ? 
  and those few thousand are only the tip of the iceberg - the ones who were willing to give up * everything * to travel to a warzone and behead infidels for the caliphate . 
  for every one european muslim who took the plunge and joined isis , how many more dream of it but lack the means to go all the way . 
  tens ? 
  hundreds ? 
  more ? 
  which trump policy do you think is against the economic interests of working americans ? 
  also  poor uneducated white americans  racism  more stupid white guys trump has [ well-known support ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/23/politics/donald-trump-black-republicans/ ) from [ very diverse communities ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/02/latino-vote-nevada/470829/ ) . 
  fuck off with your divisive , prejudice-fuelled race-baiting bullshit . 
   yes because they were oppressed and crushed and has no organisation , no funding and no chance at a succesful insurgency so you 're saying that if we oppress muslims , as muslims do to non-muslims in the middle east , then europeans will no longer be murdered by those they 've taken in ? 
  i would n't argue that it 's the right thing to do but this is the logical conclusion to what you 're saying . 
  agreed !, 
  we should never have accepted mass migration from the middle east . 
   if people want far right in power , then they should vote for the far right parties until these parties have a parliamentary majority . 
  if directing a few coloured spotlights on the eiffel tower and speaking empty words into a camera is the best solution our elected politicians have to europeans being gunned down in the streets , then i 'm sure you 'll see this wish fulfilled in short order . 
  how about not fucking society up so badly that the far right begins to gain ground in the first place ? 
  it 's the new europe . 
  to talk of solutions to problems may be illegal , and so everybody lives in fear . 
  to be fair , and to give a personal anecdote , my own grandfather was a polish officer who was relocated to britain in wwii . 
  he was european - he loved western culture and adored freedom of speech . 
  he never moved back to the iron curtain for this reason . 
  the same ca n't be said for those who want to turn europe into mecca v2 . 
  yeah , fuck borders and law and shit, 
  when you have to pretend that a campaigning army transitioning through the middle east on its way to italy is comparable to mass economic migration , and your own sources demonstrate this fact , you know you 've lost the argument . 
  nice video m80 . 
  shame that giving a few dozen women and children temporary asylum in a british-administered territory is n't mass migration , or in any way comparable to the shitshow we see in europe today , but i liked the video regardless . 
   a large part of the paris terrorists were french citizens thus further proving that the * civic nationalism * definition of nationhood is a massive crock of shit . 
  did i miss the chapter of history where poles mass migrated to the middle east , or are you just making shit up ? 
  who 's talking bans on anything ? 
  if people abroad observe drunken british behaviour and are concerned by it , they 're entitled to . 
  i do n't think we should discount people 's concerns based on whether they know a fact . 
  `` hey , carlos here is pissed that yobby brits ruin his town with drunken behaviour every summer , but he does n't know shit because he thinks that 75 % of brits are drunken yobs when in fact it 's only 50 ! '', 
  no , but they 're entitled to list british drunken behaviour abroad as a concern when voting , and i would n't begrudge them a hint for doing so . 
  the percentage of the population who are migrants or descended from migrants are frequently overestimated by the general population . 
  there are many contributing factors to this . 
  take for example the fact that many of britain 's cultural centres genuinely * are * dominated by migrants . 
  london - the capital of the nation - is only 43 % ( ! ), 
  white british by most recent estimates . 
  people see photos like [ this london school ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03342/obama-3_3342743b.jpg ) in the news , and of course they overestimate the percentage of the population minorities truly make up . 
  i also think that whether the average person knows a statistic or not is n't enough to discount their opinions . 
  if someone 's had their entire community change beyond recognition in under a decade as it 's recently become something of a minority ghetto , they 're entitled to feel aggrieved whether they think the uk population stat is five percent or fifty . 
  lol , absolute nonsense . 
  the vast majority are disaffected labour/tory voters , as any quick glance at polling data will show you . 
  yes , exactly . 
  it was written in the wake of era-defining conflict where mass migrations were caused by devastated continents , rather than lifestyle shopping . 
   some estimates believe that a total of 60 million europeans became refugees during world war ii . 
  more than a million were still looking for a place to settle by 1951 . 
  do you know how many of those 60 million left their home country to settle in the richest country offering aid , out of interest ? 
   unless ofc you ditch the refugee convention and laws based on it . 
  the current convention was written for a different age , and is n't fit to cope in an era of mass opportunistic migration . 
  another few years of crisis and i really do n't think the idea of changing it will seem so outlandish any more, 
  over half of respondents answered either ` no more refugees ' or ` up to 200,000 ' , which appears to be the lowest integer offered other than ` zero ' . 
  meanwhile , germany took in at least ** five times more than that in 2015 ** and will likely take yet more again in 2016 . 
  this is not an endorsement of germany 's refugee policy . 
  huge respect to poland for this . 
  the british ` ban trump ' petition was incredibly immature and something of a national embarrassment - i 'm glad poland have a more grown-up attitude to politics and debate . 
  the bacon was martyred for a higher cause . 
  we will remember its sacrifice . 
  kek . 
  totally harmless - nobody hurt ( except the pig ) , caused some small offence at worst and still got the point across well . 
  this is how you do civil protest . 
   source on the 15,000 $ cash per year please . 
  oops , sorry , it 's actually cost more like [ # 23,000 or $ 29,000 to house a migrant in europe . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34567209 ) shit , even i 'd move continents if the government promised to lavish me with that kind of lifestyle for nothing . 
   it 's easy to find them . 
  you deport everyone who is n't coming from the specific countries whose people are allowed to enter . 
  how ? 
  you click your fingers and they end up at their country of origin ? 
  no expenses incurred ?
