i think the idea was the opposite , that she chose a hat that kinda sorta looks like the eu flag to signal her opposition to brexit . 
  personally i think that it 's just a blue hat with yellow buttons , though . 
  yes , but they do not represent me !, 
  i never voted for them !, 
  well , yes , * technically * i did , if you * have * to be a bore about it ; but ... bruxelles !, 
  bendy bananas being banished !, 
  let 's say that the eu rules that , i dunno , some chemical solvent which is useful for industrial processes can not be used if people are working in the same room , as its vapors have been shown to be dangerous for health . 
  if the uk is part of the single market but not beholden to eu rules , what 's there to prevent it from * not * making a similar rule in a bid to convince industries to move from the eu to it ? 
  and , since this would cause serious damage to the eu economy , the eu would have no alternatives but to scrap that rule . 
  free trade without uniformity of regulation allows corporations to play countries against each other . 
  this is not a good thing . 
   there is no way you 're ever going to convince me that you do n't advocate for harsher sentence for drunk drivers . 
  mostly , i advocate for more education and more * certain * penalties . 
  it is pointless to increase the penalties , what is important is to make them stick . 
   voting in someone like that would totally change everything in a police state , abolish courts and introduce the death penalty ? 
  are you serious ? 
  totally serious . 
  populism runs counter to the rule of law , and - under the pretence of `` national emergence '' - erodes everything worthwhile about our very civilizations . 
  see also : orban , erdogan , putin . 
  it is not necessarily an instantaneous process , and it can be reversed ; but it is a deadly one for democracies if allowed to proceed unimpeded . 
   there is nothing similar with drunk driving and terrorism . 
  dead is dead is dead . 
  if the purpose is to prevent violent deaths , drunk driving is by far a worse threat than terrorism . 
  i lost someone . 
  driving accident , and the person who caused it ran away and has not been identified ( and it 's been more than two years , so by now i 'm pretty sure they will never be ) . 
  my cousin is every bit as dead as if it had been a terrorist attack instead of some random ( and probably drunk ) asshole , and did not die quickly either . 
  and frankly , even putting my personal feelings aside , way more people die in our countries because of shit like this than because of terrorism . 
  but you do n't see me advocating for a police state , the abolition of due process , or the introduction of the death penalty for unsafe drivers , do you ? 
  licking a pub toilet does not automatically mean that you 'll catch cholera . 
  but it 's not a great idea anyway . 
  yeah , humidity makes a lot of difference . 
  here it is not humid at all - 14 % right now - which is probably part of the reason why it feels perfectly fine . 
  right now , in the north - bolzano . 
  but it is a relatively warm city for being so close to austria , right now it is 32 c and i could n't be happier about it . 
  literally hell indeed , for my perspective . 
  i can not tell you how happy i am to be living once more in a place where summer is summer , and the temperatures in june are around a comfortable 30-35 c. i * like * warm weather : if it was 40 + c , it would be a different matter , but 32 c or so is * just right * for me . 
  i 'm currently on my balcony , alternating between reading a couple of textbooks and messing around online , with all the water and fruit i could need . 
  this is * exactly * how summer should be like . 
  if macron is launching initiatives of this kind , quite a number of start-ups might move to france or be launched there . 
  this means more opportunities for everyone , including eu citizens who could have moved to france at any time anyway . 
  why `` again '' ? 
  france - obligatory jokes about inferior ( but still more than adequate ) wine and cheese aside - * is * a great country , with no need to make up a largely fictional idealized past in which everything was perfect and uncomplicated . 
  its aspirations look at the future , not at the past ; and it can leave that sort of silliness to less fortunate countries , 
  to lord buckethead 's glorious empire , everything is a colony . 
  well no . 
  i do not approve in the least of trump or may ; but people like duterte , erdogan or maduro belong in a different category altogether . 
  these are tyrants ; may and trump are most definitely not , for now ( and i do n't expect that to change , no matter what they might wish ) . 
   creepy nerdy stalker you are putting aside the fact that you clearly do n't know what `` stalking '' means ... did you just seriously try to insult someone , on * reddit * , by calling them `` nerdy '' ? 
  you are adorable . 
  i will do that . 
  in the meantime , crawl back to the_safespace and tell your fellow delicate snowflakes how you braved the nasty dangerous waters of r/europe and told a big bad globalist that he disgusts you . 
  brave !, 
  fair enough , this conversation has run its course . 
  nice talking with you , in any case , have a good sunday evening . 
  i just had a quick look through your post history . 
  your disgust fills me with pride . 
  so wait , now because one person said a stupid and offensive thing online it means that flags are bad ? 
  does not compute . 
   patriotism enforces a `` we '' and `` they '' , so an in - and an out-group . 
  so does familial love . 
  there is my extended family , and there is everyone else ; and , like patriotism , this can degenerate in very unhealthy ways ( for instance , my own country is still plagued by criminal organizations structured along family lines ) . 
  but this does not mean that familial love , in itself , is a bad thing . 
  people tend to have more in common , in terms of history and circumstances , and interests , with those among whom they live . 
  to celebrate the shared achievements of one 's community , to face present challenges as a whole , is not a bad thing . 
  it can turn bad , as i said already ; but , well , pretty much everything worthwhile presents this danger . 
   you just happened to be born on some coordinates i also just happened to be born in a given family : but nonetheless , i am bound by ties of respect , love and shared history to the other members of my family . 
   you 're contradicting yourself . 
  how so ? 
  i just said that it is a positive thing that can turn bad , like romantic love ( or love for one 's kin , to mention the other example i used before ) . 
  it 's not the piece of cloth , it is what the piece of cloth * represents * - a complex ( and not always glorious ) history , common struggles , sacrifices , cultural achievements and so on . 
  this is worth respecting and celebrating . 
  yes , patriotism - like all other powerful forces , such as for instance romantic love - can turn bad and degenerate into something very harmful and quite unlike itself ; but patriotism in itself is a positive thing to have . 
  i think that [ smbc pointed out the distinction between patriotism and nationalism quite well ] ( http://smbc-comics.com/comic/an-important-distinction ) ... 
  i do n't , good point . 
  i also have a fairly good amount of pride for my home city . 
  but at that level , i think that most people end up juggling multiple identities - for instance , while i love the city i was born in , i feel more attached to a tiny mountain town some 70 kms south of it , where part of my family originates and where we used to go on holidays when i was a kid . 
  i 'm glad that you folks are so strongly pro-eu ( by the way , apologies for the idiocy of many of my countrypeople who visit you folks - i heard horrible things about the nonsense they get up to ) . 
  but i must say , if you truly do n't care for your flag anymore i think it is a pity . 
  i am as pro-eu as it gets ( eu federalist , and i think of myself as eu citizen first and italian second rather than the other way around ) ; but i think that there is no contrast between our common european heritage and the individual cultural and historical heritages of our single countries . 
  romania is a wonderful country with much to be proud of , and it 'd be a great damage to the eu if its cultural and historical heritage got pushed into the sidelines . 
  which side , bologna or modena ? 
  if it 's the latter , that filthy ghibelline bucket-thief will get what he deserves sooner or later . 
  bologna `` la grassa , la rossa , la dotta '' ( `` the fat , red , learned one '' ) represent !, 
  frankly , that 's their problem , not ours . 
  they are the ones who stoked the `` they 're stealing our jobs '' rhetoric , so they get to be the ones who deal with the consequences , be them looking like idiots or walking out from the most advantageous deal they could get in the circumstances . 
  their choice , really . 
  if they prefer the second option , perhaps they might want to consider something along the lines of the agreement that we recently have with canada instead - it is [ far more limited ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/what-could-the-eu-canada-free-trade-deal-tell-us-about-brexit/ ) in that it does not cover all products and services , and the products and services it covers must still be subject to eu regulations ( on which canada obviously can not vote ) , but a deal like that could be made without asking for free movement of people . 
  deals of this type have a lot of exceptions and fiddly details , to guarantee that either party can not outcompete the other on key areas . 
  all these details would have to be negotiated , which might be problematic for the uk given the difficult negotiating position it starts from . 
  economically , especially for a country such as the uk , i think that it is a way worse deal than the one we have with norway , let alone the one they used to have as eu members ; but if that 's what they are after , i think it might be doable . 
  he was a very capable politician and military leader , no doubt . 
  but neither him nor any other conqueror or political leader would be worthy of bringing toilet paper to jonas salk when he needs it . 
  conquerors come and go , and their achievements ( which often cause more harm than good ) soon vanish ; but as long as humankind lasts , the work of the healers who found how to defeat some of humankind 's scourges will not be forgotten . 
  i do not think that there is room for grudge matches in international politics . 
  yes , the british government did not exactly put forward its best foot in the negotiations so far , and if significant progress is not made until the deadline i 'll be all for stopping wasting time . 
  but if , instead , by the deadline we are reasonably close to an agreement but there still remain some details to discuss , i think that a one-year extension would not be unreasonable . 
  no point hurrying up an agreement of this type , hurry makes mistakes . 
   define `` good deal '' . 
  if i was able to , they would have likely asked me to be part of the negotiating team ( they have n't , in case you were wondering  ) . 
  there are so many details about tariffs and regulations and quotas that i do n't even know where to begin exploring the topic .
