  much of it has focused on immigration from eu countries . 
  some of it on sovereignty , some of it on eurotocracy . 
  the uk has generally been less bothered by relatively easy to cotrol global migration . 
  the whole migrants entering through the eu concern is extremely recent . 
  there 's a long tail though . 
  if that many provably negligent doctors qualified abroad , w hat does that say about the proportion of foreign qualified doctors in e.g. 
  the bottom 10 % ? 
  that may not be born out in practice , but it certainly raises questions you would want to see answered . 
  if all member states interests ' were perfectly aligned , we would n't need the eu in the first place . 
  in reality , there are many subtle diffrrences between them , and that is why the eu did n't jump straight to glorious federalism . 
  not really - joining a union does n't make countries magically selfless . 
  that 's not a controversial suggestion . 
  besides which it was an open question that you 've totally ignored and the basis of misplaced offence . 
  actually , i have studied the eu , done a lot of work relating to the eu , and am a strong advocate of the eu in general . 
  that said , i 'm extremely anti- `` self interested keyboard warriors who are are arbitrarily hostile to the point of jingoism '' . 
  indeed , there are [ strong arguments ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2016/01/german-exports-and-eurozone.html?m=1 ) that this is part of the problem . 
  which country consistently makes idealistic arguments that go against their national interest on matters of substance ? 
  the price that greece could borrow at benefited from an assumption that they would be supported in a crisis . 
  meaning that the banks lent at a lower rate . 
  meaning that greece made a profit as much as the banks did . 
  which benefits of the euro ? 
  they only really apply to members of the eurozone . 
  likewise , the vast majority of shengen benefits are for countries in it . 
  uk citizens have easier movement between european countries while on holiday i suppose , but it 's scarcely an afterthought as benefits go . 
  none that were put to referendum - and if they had been , we 'd have ended up with a very similar fracas to what we 're enduring now . 
   you are right , it is not that difficult . 
  the `` why '' does n't really matter though . 
  the thing is just that you do n't really fit , that is all that really matters . 
  if you attempted to integrate countries like turkey or russia into eu , it would n't really work because they just do n't fit . 
  there might be good reasons for that , but that does n't really change anything . 
  do you really think that the uk is a worse fit for the eu than ( for instance ) bulgaria or romania ? 
  they are socially and economically different from the majority of the eu ( by population ) by an order of magnitude than the uk is . 
  the most substantial difference is that they do n't have a very loud voice and in any event fit quite well with the current expansionist agenda . 
  the eu is ( and will for a very long time remain ) a bunch of nations with varying and competing national interests . 
  you can look at the various tensions between germany and a number of other states in recent years in relation to eurozone management and refugees . 
  i think , if anything , it benefits everybody to have an eu-wide baseline with various other eu endorsed projects for countries who would benefit . 
  i do , however , concede that immigration is a bit of a tricky one , given that it 's a fundamental freedom and closely intertwined with truly free trade . 
  a big point in the uk at present is that the eu would be unlikely to grant free trade without the uk implementing a large amount of regulations , which would end up at pretty much the same position but without the ability to participate in various institutions . 
  the uk is an island , has the highest population density of any vaguely large european country , and has population growth that is easily amongst the highest population growth ( due , in a large part , to immigration ) . 
  it should not be difficult to see why the uk wants different policies in terms of free movement of people to other countries ( and this is probably * the * major sticking point ) . 
  i think that the lack of sympathy form european countries and ( based on my reddit experience ) individuals on this point is easily one of the most contentious issues . 
  a large amount of the uk would very much like to remain in the eu , but there is a widespread unease with the lack of control and rate of change . 
  the uk is much less invested in all of those because it has opted out of the euro ( which has proven to be fairly wise ) and out of shengen ( which has also proven to be fairly wise ) . 
  i do n't really see how trying to avoid flawed european projects is a failure to participate . 
  except commissioners are not selected or nominated by meps ( or from among them ) , they 're elected by national governments acting through the council - which are very separate from the european parliamentary parties . 
   what is wrong with the euro ? 
  its been very beneficial for the eurozone members for trade , tourism and just making their lives easier . 
  greece is the only miss-step but that just greece being dumbasses . 
  the major concerns are that a currency union without fiscal transfers can not work . 
  have a look at the [ third and fourth points here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) . 
  without it , certain countries become more competitive and there is [ no way to offset that with currency valuation ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/aug/09/eurozone-fiscal-union-europe ) . 
   this is not the eu being bad , its the nations being too unwilling to create an ever closer union . 
  same thing - we 're talking about europe as it actually is , not as it could be . 
   the eu is very well recovering from the 08 crisis , with unemployment falling and economies rising , spain , greece and italy were their own doing . 
  what about france ? 
  portugal ? 
  you ca n't just discount half the eurozone to demonstrate it 's doing well . 
   there are requirements , once these are covered why waste time ? 
  you get another country to have free trade with , everybody wins . 
  signifciantly one sided immigration , higher cost to be born by net-contributers to the budget , an even more whacky currency union ( in some cases ) , insufficient vetting of entrants ( e.g. 
  greece ) , lack of political consensus , and frankly all the other reasons why we are n't in a global union . 
   i dont know what democratic deficit you are talking about , as all but one of the eu institutions are directly electable and the commission is elected by the parliament ( which is directly electable , and it kinda makes sense for them to elect the commission since this way you combine democracy and a merit based appointment ) no , the commission representatives are selected by the member states ' national governments . 
  this gives them only very indirect accountability . 
  the parliament has a vote on those nominations , but they can only reject it in its entireity ( i.e. 
  they ca n't play reject individual commissioners ) and they have never voted it down . 
  there is also an issue that people tend to be much less engaegd with the european government , but that is more of a sympton of other problems than a problem in its own right . 
  the uk has privatised train operating companies with regulated train fare increases and government controlled/funded purchasing programs . 
  it 's a pretty weird system . 
  i 'm no expert , but i 'd have thought they can make the most money by over-selling peak fares to the point where people are standing for long journeys ( which is the case on many popular routes ) . 
  services should n't be determined purely by how convenient they are . 
  it is n't cheaper to fly birmingham-ny-london than take the train , and it should n't be in this instance . 
  it 's absurd that cannoning a huge amount of metal through the air over a huge distance , twice , is cheaper than running a bunch of metal that gets replaced every 50 years over tracks that already exist . 
  the same applies to a lot of off-peak trains . 
  there are many trains that consistently do n't sell out all their seats . 
  i suppose they do n't want the offer to be so good that fewer people take peak . 
  in reality , i think people that take peak trains generally do n't have a choice ( they 're already expensive and grim ) and uncompetitive off-peak prices encourage people to drive . 
  germany is still fairly significantly less dense than the uk . 
  the uk has 262 people/km ^ 2 to germany 's 228/km ^ 2 , and more significantly england ( which is the major site of immigration within the uk ) has a population density of 413 people/km ^ 2 . 
  it 's also worth noting than uk population growth has been significantly higher than germany since before 2000 ( [ source ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_pop_grow&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:gbr:fra:deu&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) ) . 
  finally , availability of housing and urban sprawl is a massive hot topic around london . 
  a lot of the fear in the uk is the population pressure and consequent impact on infrastructure and land usage . 
  we are n't a very big country . 
  i ca n't find a sufficiently detailed report to confirm but i 'm as close to certain as possible that that 's the case . 
  this is n't really how human rights law works at all , despite what reddit would have you believe . 
  very few human rights are absolute ( although , for instance , the freedom against torture is ) . 
  most are qualified , which basically means that if the government is going to interfere with them they have to do so in a clear , legitimate and proportionate way . 
  human rights law tends to dislike blanket or arbitrary policies , and requires some sensible exercise of discretion . 
  i do n't think it 's ridiculous to say that in extreme circumstances , relatives of people who are settled here , who have nobody else to turn to should have some sort of right . 
  not really . 
  those havens get no special treatment under british law , and really are n't relevant to the vast majority of work done in the city . 
  it 's a weird fluke of the uk giving effective independence to a number of smal islands with little other economy to speak of , which speak the de facto language of trade , and which have usable legal systems . 
  relative poverty considering income but ignoring housing costs is an unbelievably crap measure of pensioners ' fortunes . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( http://www.ft.com/ig/features/old-displace-young-on-income-ladder/ ) graph of uk income percentiles by age . 
  pensioners do better than under 40s , and younger pensioners are by far some of the best off on average . 
  it makes my blood boil that a graph this terrible can get up voted and defended like this . 
  the guardian label most of their non-objective reporting as such . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_sex_ratio ) . 
  in the 15-64 age bracket , the us has 1.07 men per woman whereas germany has 1.04 . 
  i would imagine it 's due to high levels of immigration to the us . 
  i suppose prison would have some impact on this , although pretty hard to quantify without kowing e.g.
