  in that case you 're only really measuring the accuracy of tax revenue forecasting , which does n't really tell you anything . 
  you might forecast a low level of tax revenue , high tax avoidance/evasion , and a high deficit - anticipating that accurately does n't stop it from being a problem . 
  really you need some sort of coefficient or ability to weigh up the deficit , how justifiable a given deficit is ( including accurate forecasts of growth and rate of return on public spending ) , the level of corruption/avoidance/evasion in the tax system , and probably some other factors . 
  austerity is never going to be good for the economy - it involves the major spender in a country ( its government ) reducing the amount it spend . 
  the argument for austerity is that it is necessary when creditors get spooked or when the long term trajectory is an increasing debt to gdp ratio . 
  you do n't blindly follow data that gives extremely strange results , either - especially with survey based data which can say almost anything depending on the details of the sampling method . 
  what 's happening with greece is a great example of this . 
  when both parties are forced to grand stand and appease their own citizens because of constant scrutiny of the substance of negotiations , it 's extremely difficult to actually negotiate anything of substance . 
  please do n't open the perscriptivism can of worms ... 
  democracy allows you to decide what you want your government to do and say . 
  it does n't allow you to vote for what you want other countries to do and say . 
  i ca n't believe how many people struggle to grasp this . 
  i ca n't vote for the uk to receive $ 10b each year from the us - or rather i can vote for my government to negotiate for it , but i ca n't vote for the us to grant it . 
  insurers do n't really like low probability but huge risks . 
  especially in very complex systems with risks that ca n't really be quantified . 
  then of course there 's the issue that most insurers are already exposed to a lot of similar risks to banks . 
  i do n't think it would work very well , unfortunately . 
  seriously , no . 
  that makes sense on a national scale . 
  however , the eu is not a sufficiently tight or integrated union that germany 's ( or the union 's ) growth will be best served by giving money to greece ( they would do much better giving it to lead wealthy germans ) . 
  even if the eu would benefit from giving billions to those countries with lowest earnings , we would be giving it to countries like romania - not greece . 
  better is a bit subjective . 
  europe as a whole is already very densely populated and there 's a limit to how much further it is sensible to push that . 
  no country has ever been forced to take an imf loan . 
  they are a lender of last resort . 
  only screwed up economies go the imf so it 's hardly surprising that many end up screwed up . 
  hell , they explicitly discarded rules they had previously put in place so that they would be able to lend to greece . 
  right , but there 's a tipping point where it does n't make any sense at all to make the foolish self sacrifice because you do n't think anyone else will . 
  it 's classic prisoner 's dilemma and i ca n't see why this context would be special . 
  right - and my view is that i do n't think that can be explained by the reasons you give . 
  i 'd have thought it 's more likely that people do n't think or realise that their savings are at risk , that the costs/difficulties of switching are too high , or that it 's too much of a pain to deal with a foreign account . 
  i seriously doubt that it 's out of a noble sense of propping up a financial system that they see as likely to fail . 
  why would you risk all of your savings on that ? 
  it 's massive personal risk for a minute increase in the prospects for all . 
  people rarely if ever take that sort of decision . 
  because it has a lot of good tech industries . 
  cambridge is fifth and karlsruhe fourth ; both are much smaller than dublin . 
  again , dublin clearly does well for itself but i just do n't think it 's a shining bastion of the right way to do a tech start up city . 
  huh ? 
  16th per capita means 16th per person . 
  size of city does n't matter for that purpose . 
  and forbes contributors are literally blogs written by freelance randomers . 
  regardless , i 'm not criticising dublin i just do n't think you can say it 's the definitive way to run a tech city . 
  weird to pick dublin as europe 's tech centre . 
  afaik the major reason tech is based there is for tax reasons . 
  it is n't known for having a huge start up culture . 
  [ the report linked in this article ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/article/munich-edges-out-london-as-europes-top-tech-city/ ) puts it at number 16 for tech startups which is fine but by no means spectacular . 
  that 's the difference between absolute poverty and social exclusion . 
  all of those things are very expensive compared to , for example , rice beans and veg . 
  but if you do n't know how to cook then that 's where you end up . 
  because the goal is to influence decisions . 
  to make a decision about the future , it 's very useful to know what will happen if nothing changes . 
  you can then adapt current policy to remedy the problems highlighted by a business as usual scenario . 
  these predictions are n't meant to accurately forecast 50 years time . 
  they 're meant to indicate how things will end up if nothing changes to inform current actions ( like the refugee point you mention ) . 
  see also : climate change predictions , which are also hugely dependent on how we approach the issue over the coming years . 
  that 's a fascinating model . 
  british unions can be large and show solidarity for each other but there 's nothing like that much coordination or structure . 
  recent migrants ? 
  i just do n't quite get what the check is to stop companies playing divide and conquer . 
  but if i 'm an employer for a very vague job , what 's to stop me finding people who are n't part of a union ? 
  my experience of unions is that they usually work well for jobs that require a certain expertise , where the union ends up with a monopoly on that skill . 
  if i do n't need skilled employees , what makes me negotiate with a union ? 
  i would have thought it would benefited or at least not hurt them back then when they were the distant second party in scotland . 
  it is proportionally minute to what happens in the states , though . 
  capitalism is far from the only issue . 
  the main issue is that if you have a low proportion of people of working age , they have to do and produce enough to sustain everyone , icluding those who are n't working . 
  either standard of living goes down for everyone , the elderly have to work much longer or you need some sort of magic sauce . 
  population decrease is , arguably , necessary although it 's a little malthusian and a controlled increase could well be viable for plenty of time . 
  rapid population decrease is unarguably a bad thing . 
  it plays havoc with the dependency ratio which has all sorts of consequences . 
  it 's also by nature quite a deflationary process . 
  japan is the clear case study here , and they 've tried lots of things to little avail . 
  other issues are that it 's a compound process and that it can lead to other effects e.g. 
  emigration . 
  the uk is a dense country with high population growth by western standards . 
  that applies doubly to the south east of england . 
  we are a significant target for immigrants because many speak english . 
  there is some concern about wage pressure and benefit cost from lower income european countries , but there 's at least as much concern about population density , housing , infrastructure , green space and so on . 
  if the uk has an excess of people , a shortage of nurses and an excess of people in certain less necessary industries than it would n't be a terrible idea . 
  hopefully it does n't come to that ... 
  there is significant net migration - one could deport significant numbers while still allowing migration from those in sought after professions or who earn more . 
  nonetheless , the uk has already exhausted all the nice ways of limiting migration . 
  part of the drive for this is a governing party who over promised in terms of immigration reductions . 
  however , the uk continues to experience significant net migration and population growth despite an already high population density . 
  the current situation is n't very acceptable , but it is n't all that clear how to solve this . 
  but at least you have a bank with ring fenced capital and there 's a layer of separation and regulation between lending/deposits and speculation . 
  is n't it quite a good thing to push high risk behaviour into entities that are segregated from vital banking services ? 
  nobody really cares if a few funds go bust . 
  the article is about the impact on regulation , as opposed to any securities or derivatives that they trade in . 
  but yes , hedge fund managers can in principle make money from literally anything . 
  that is not what criminalised means . 
  the state does not prosecute people for adultery . 
  the whole point of a poll is to survey enough people to get to a decent confidence interval . 
  if you do n't get there , it is probably a sampling problem . 
  by that point , you 're averaging sampling methodologies rather than people - and given that there 's a limited number of polling organisations , there are n't enough to necessarily balance out one or two defective numbers . 
  if you have reason to trust the results of one ( or two ) of them , there 's a perfectly good argument to not go stirring that pot . 
  possibly . 
  although one good poll is enough , and by taking multiple polls you 're guaranteed to add some inaccuracy . 
  there has been a significant counter-eu movement for a long time .
