that would be relevant if we were comparing uk gdp to us , but since we 're comparing to each other it 's only the comparison that matters . 
  the pound doing decently while the euro tanks helps a lot . 
  probably not allowed to do so drunk , though , which removes 100 % of the utility for me ... 
  what ? 
  i suggested imprisoning citizens if it 's so serious , not deporting them . 
  why do you advocate such a different approach between citizens and non-citizens ? 
  if it 's bad enough to deport a foreigner , surely it 's bad enough to lock up a citizen ? 
  fewer airport fees and otherwise lower costs at the other end . 
  airlines local to the other end will pay their staff less . 
  efforts to cater to mass market low cost tourism industries that go to thailand but not japan . 
   nothing has changed since that day , no real laws made . 
  literally within 2 hours of complete world-wide financial collapse . 
  and nobody seems to have cared . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , but the uk has seen a fairly [ complete overhall ] ( http://www.gulawreview.org/entries/commercial/uk-financial-regulation-change-we-can-believe-in - ) of our entire banking system , with more planned . 
  it 's not really a commentary on inequality ( ukip are pretty far right and have regressive/illogical taxation policies ) - it 's the dogma of `` look , they 're taking * your * x '' , whether that be money , jobs , control etc. 
  it 's all very deceptive , but there is an ideological attraction about taking back what you 're entitled to . 
  excessive lending rates are a pure loss to the economy . 
  lower rates mean lower taxes or more government spending . 
  that has various knock-on effects , including faith in the economy as a whole that encourages investment from abroad . 
  it also effects the rate at which the government can lend to banks , which effects the rate at which they can lend to businesses . 
  the square mile has a huge number of companies - a tonne of high rise and almost no residential space . 
  there 's also canary wharf , and a tonne of surrounding support services . 
  it has a huge impact on the city as a whole , and if you removed it london would be fundamentally changed . 
  it 's also globally renowned and the `` tech city '' has none of those features . 
  it 's a relatively small area of london that has some successful companies but is proportionally not all that big , and is big in absolute terms only because london is huge . 
  it 's much more in line with ( although still smaller and newer than ) the creative industries in the west end than with finance . 
  it 's harder to do that than you might think . 
  tech entrepreneurs do n't really need to be anywhere for business , but they very much like being somewhere cool , young and creative - ideally around some uni friends . 
  silicone valley has stanford and san francisco . 
  east london has a bunch of unis and is a very desirable area . 
  cambridge is doing a good job with the university , a pleasant area and a short journey to london . 
  some valley in wales ? 
  you 're going to struggle . 
  there have already been plenty of business development zones like you suggest that really have n't amounted to all that much ( primarily a source for plants of multinationals ) . 
  interesting to see them updating this in real time . 
  before anyone criticises google , this accurately reflects the stance of each respective government - this is the least political stance they could take . 
  i do think it 's an issue , more so than most of my friends . 
  however , i think it 's vastly less terrifying than / r/worldnews does , and it 's probably not ( imo ) the most pertinent thing to harp on about in unrelated threads . 
  i thought we left this to the us dominated subreddits ? 
  it being a decentralised check-box on router set-up rather than 1984 etc. . . 
  i get that there may be all these reasons for vested interests to keep the eu out of it . 
  however , all things being equal i struggle to believe that the eu would intervene with or without those factors . 
  the eu 's federal nature is heavily biased towards inaction - especially on the short time-scale needed for any real sanction , and even more so on the sort of scale and risk level that would be involved in a military ukraine intervention . 
  `` pot calling the kettle african american '' is the preferred vernacular . 
  take a look at [ literally any thread on / r/unitedkingdom ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/search?q=porn+filter&amp;sort=top&amp;restrict_sr=on ) . 
  the overwhelming majority of brits on reddit are against it . 
  i 'm sure there are people from your country who also share views you disagree with ; no need to generalise . 
  the day is run by the council of europe , of which iceland is a member . 
  estimates put the proportion of adults who are transgendered and transition to some degree at around 0.1 % . 
  that * is * particularly unusual - which is by no means a bad thing . 
  i doubt the eu itself was on board - it 's very difficult to see how the eu as an institution would have that within its remit . 
  it 's far more likely that member state security services would have collaborated . 
  well , there will be * some * servers on european soil for reasons of latency and bandwidth . 
  however , they 'll have multiple copies of all information for redundancy purposes ( and , indeed , latency and bandwidth unpredictability ) so in most if not all cases i 'm sure there will be at least one copy of said data on american soil . 
  that may be transitory , or only part of the information , but it 's clearly enough to be a significant risk . 
  you 're quite right - those are exactly the circumstances in which tariffs make sense , but that sort of logic has been totally lost beneath free market/free trade idealism . 
  i guess the difficulty in promoting it as an eu wide solution is that all countries and people would have to pay more for essentials , but not everyone would benefit . 
  from the sounds of it , you feel the problems are political rather than economic/social . 
  is that the case , or do you think fixing the government is the easiest way to start getting out of the mess ? 
  no - definitions of a verb are referencing a noun that itself is defined . 
  just a cross reference . 
  now if the noun references the verb it could get sticky ... 
  it gives you total control over legal migration ( hard caps ) and if you 're an island , illegal immigration can be policed quite well with proper checks at air ports and border crossings . 
  there is a big difference between not fully supporting a party under a treaty and actually initiating the conflict that breaches it . 
  unfortunately the reality is that russia has to do more than fiddle with bits of ukraine for the west to even consider military action or more severe sanctions . 
  russia has too strong a military and is too strategically important ( in terms of economy and especially resources such as fuel ) to take a different approach . 
  a big part of this advice depends on which countries a government has good enough relationships with to help smooth over any issues . 
  saudi arabia might well be happy to quietly handover any french citizens who are arrested in situations where iran might try to make a point . 
  the uk tried to make it legal , but bull shit eu laws require a tax on blank media to make this possible . 
  the uk government is doing a lot off dumb shit at the moment , but this is n't one of those things . 
  it ca n't be - if it could be summed like that it could also be divided by population to get a per capita figure , and there 's no way that sweden is 30x more influential on an adjusted basis than the us is . 
  comment is free is fine if you go into it expecting a variety of views , some of which will be a bit out there or overdone . 
  it 's clearly marked as being a separate part of the website , and they have some really interesting stuff there as well as some crap . 
  i read that as on each citizen that they give a pension to . 
  see [ this article , which gives a very similar figure for spending per over 65 ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/bl-rtbb-4818 ) . 
  also , given [ approx 2.7 m pensioners ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/03/28/44-8-of-greek-pensioners-live-below-poverty-line/ ) , it should be pretty obvious that they 're not spending more than $ 32,000 per capita on pensions , as that 's quite a lot more than their gdp ... 
  those figures are per pensioner , not per capita . 
  bailing out banks directly is a problem because it shows the eu will not stand behind its members in foreseeable trouble and , given those countries do n't have their own country , they will all be seen as a default risk . 
  that would lead to much higher bond rates for all eurozone countries ( and obviously greece most of all by some margin ) that were in a pinch , increasing their borrowing costs and putting them further into debt . 
  that 's the contagion that everybody was talking about . 
  the money that goes to existing creditors ( banks ) was originally loaned by those banks to the country in question . 
  one way or another greece got the benefit of that debt . 
  due to inflation and the cost of capital , giving a moratorium is in reality exactly the same as a haircut . 
  in real terms they lay back less and that 's what really matters . 
  well then you can just ban unilateral sanctions , just like the common customs tariff bans unilateral tariffs . 
  no - because if greece enact authority then the eu will save them from default through bailouts forever . 
  no risk . 
  not really . 
  the only risk will be if investors think the currency will ` do a greece ' ie fail to cooperate with conditions of creditors and other institutions . 
  anything short of that would not have the same effect and would not be subject to speculation on bond rates etc. 
  it is n't really that simple . . 
  securing a bailout is n't just a routine procedure . 
  it 's totally at the discretion of those granting it , and they have every right to consider the current administration 's approach to the second bailout when going forwards . 
  additionally , any third bailout will be subject to negotiation and ratification by member states such that the timing will become impossible very quickly , to the extent that it has n't already . 
  the imf was set up to lend money to people who could not manage their debts on the open market . 
  the idea is n't to get a fantastic rate of return - it 's to prop up public finances where there is no alternative . 
  not really . 
  if my country has decent mobile infrastructure that does n't need huge expense to maintain and upgrade , i have to pay for other people 's upgrades to their own service . 
  the eu does not claim to be redistributive to this extent , and i 'm not convinced it can do in its current state . 
  certainly i do n't think it makes sense to try to achieve that by the back door .
