  the average prison sentence . 
  the us has a much higher proportion of men in the 15-64 age group than germany has or indeed is likely to end up with , without obvious discontent . 
  i do n't think the tiny swing to sex ratios will be all that key . 
  even if we take this fairly comical statement at face value , that result is hardly in line with the pentagon 's geopolitical goals , is it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe you should ask the crimea . 
  the threat of even a few hundred people being killed every year is nothing compared to the nazi germany scenario . 
  hell , even the odd million per year would not be on that level . 
  there are lots , you just do n't hear about it . 
  it 's not uncommon for governments to ask reporters not to dig into things . 
  [ 300 terror arrests in the uk lasr year is plenty ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/10/uk-terror-arrests-hit-record-high ) . 
  on top of that , you have the various extra-judicial ways of dealing with it . 
  this is a silly argument . 
  they do n't generally publicise their successes because it 's important to keep intelligence and methods secrets . 
  it 's also important that they do n't move against these people until a clear crime has been committed or immediately threatened , because that would destroy any intelligence and have chilling consequences for the rule of law . 
  no system is 100 % foolproof , and the reality is that terrorism , espionage and serious international crime are at a pretty low and manageable level in so far as they affect the general public . 
  in fact , that 's the very reason i would argue against these forces - not because they are n't doing enough . 
  there are british people who support the eu and can complain about areas in which it 's effective . 
  it 's not ridiculous to have a different view on something from the majority of your country . 
  i presume you 're aware that british overseas territories and crown possessions are not part of the eu ? 
  every treaty cedes sovereignty in one sense or another . 
  the eu was always intended to be an extremely integrated trade area , and that inevitably impacts on other areas . 
  what about if cornwall does n't like a british government proposal ? 
  or scotland does n't like a reserved matter ? 
  if a matter is within the remit of the eu and it is passed by the eu then it makes perfect sense for it to be in force . 
  the rationale is that uber is too prescriptive with their contractors and holds them to standards which are too like employees . 
  the practical result of this will be uber giving their drivers more freedom , not suddenly giving them employee benefits . 
  the uk has tax treaties with the overseas territories , just like any other country . 
  it treats the overseas territories at arms ' length . 
  there is no particular benefit to accessing the overseas territories through london . 
  the legal system is similar , but different enough that local lawyers will always be involved . 
  i am not aware of any territory trying to improve its tax laws and being put under any pressure not to do so . 
  could scarcely be less relevant to what labour is today . 
  the fact that a city is desirable and has a strong economy leading to high house prices does not even remotely mean that it makes sense to tank the economy so that things are cheaper . 
  high cost of living is a consequence of success but does not even remotely outweigh it . 
  if you have a job that does n't pay well enough to live well in london , and the intangible benefits of living in a global cultural capital are n't worth it , then there are plenty of other places that you can go and live . 
  this is very simplistic . 
  there are plenty of tax arrangements that companies shy away from for fear of future legislation , general anti avoidance rules , pr concerns and many other reasons . 
  furthermore , boards have a huge amount of discretion in these sorts of matters and it 's extraordinarily unlikely that any shareholder action could succeed along these lines . 
  the information and communication which allow isolated deranged people to ascribe their actions to some greater cause are new and growing.these people are not sent by isis to infiltrate - they are crazy , violent people who may well have committed a serious violent crime regardless but can now characterise it as something more noble . 
  violent crime as a whole is significantly decreasing - terrorism remains a small albeit growing part of that , and is already given a hugely disproportionate amount of attention . 
  the immigration fear is not about a handful of extremists ; it 's about jobs , public services , housing and culture . 
  i happen to think it 's being scapegoated for all of those things , buy you 're being deeply unhelpful in framing it like that . 
  honestly it 's so hard to know what will be happening in a generations time . 
  look at the progress in northern ireland , for instance . 
  gdp per capita is correlated with hdi because one of the main factors in hdi is [ income per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index ) ... 
  we are pretty close to political collapse . 
  who knows what would come after that . 
  give is a bad justice minister , but he 's far better than grayling was . 
  his reputation is saved by that . 
  not all of it was latent hate - much of it was engineered by the leave campaign . 
  not to mention a six month campaign consciously and actively fear mongering and scapegoating about immigrants . 
  i am extremely pro-remain but ... no country has totally open borders . 
  accepting immigrants because they 're european is really a proxy for accepting them because they 're reasonably educated and culturally similar . 
  it 's comparable to trump appealing to the republican base but polling very badly across the country as a whole . 
  except instead of primaries , the electorate for corbyn was `` whoever got evangelised to sign up '' . 
  for these purposes , it really is n't relevant what labour what were doing in the 70s/80s . 
  the issue is that the labour party allowed anyone to join and vote immediately . 
  that allowed the labour party - with its various focuses including electability - to be totally hijacked by a vocal minority of labour voters ( mobilised by the internet etc ) who have a specific and narrow view of what they want labour to be . 
  that 's all very well and good , but it 's robbed the labour party of it 's traditional place in british politics . 
  not with labour in their current state . 
  the reason for the current structure is the need to balance sovereignty of individual countries with the democracy of the eu itself . 
  people seem to want to improve both of those and there is no acceptance that they fundamentally conflict . 
  the eu represents an intelligent and nuanced compromise between those aims . 
  you are discounting the scottish leave voters who also want to leave the uk for other reasons . 
  this is no more trading humans than putting someone in prison , deporting a ( non-refugee ) illegal migrant or extraditing someone . 
  not everyone had the right to go everywhere all the time . 
  refugees deserve special treatment when fleeing awful circumstances , but they have no right to reside in the eu over turkey . 
  taxes have literally nothing to do with free trade . 
  that 's simply not what it means . 
  i set out examples of common themes above ... 
  agricultural policy was developed for fear of war and on the basis of a need for food independence . 
  it is outdated but also unique and an exception . 
  otherwise , the eu practises completely free trade within its borders and seeks free trade in international negotiations . 
  i think there are enough similarities to say they are part of the same movement . 
  any movement will in some sense be based on dissatisfaction with the status quo , but it 's pretty clear that there is a deeper shared sentiment here . 
  concern about immigration , rowing back on free trade , `` straight talking '' anti-establishment ( however laughably ) figureheads , national pride ( we can be great again if ) , a rejection of expert opinion , radical dissatisfaction with the status quo etc, 
  the whole reason that democracies have complex electoral systems is to moderate the stupidity of the electorate . 
  representative democracies require people to select people they think are intelligent to advocate on their behalf . 
  checks and balances act as a break on change . 
  electoral methods ( including fptp ) limit the voice of fringe and single issue parties . 
  a referendum bypasses all that and leaves us with a tyranny of the majority , fed by unscrupulous careerism amongst politicians and an odious print media . 
  the only reason we 're in this position is because cameron gambled with the country 's future to advance the careers of him and his clique . 
  being pro-democracy does not mean being pro-ochlocracy . 
  fine , but i do n't think you can really expect the majority of brits to change their attitude to migration and population because some people go abroad to get trashed . 
  there are plenty of brits doing similar things in uk city centres , so do n't take it personally . 
  the same applies to british criminals abroad in europe . 
  it 's such an irrelevant point to fixate on . 
  i mean , people working for less is sort of the entire point . 
  that is n't some hypocrisy in the complaint , it 's literally the entire basis of it . 
  chinese and indian workers bust their arse for significantly less than romanians or bulgarians . 
  working for meagre pay is not something to be coveted . 
  drunk tourists and stag do culture are pretty grim , but really have nothing to do with structural concerns about migration ... 
  there is a difference between nudity and a stripper performing broadly sexual acts . 
  none of us live in a society where public sexual acts are the norm . 
  perhaps there would be benefits to taking that approach , but it 's hardly open and shut and accidentally imposing it on school children probably is n't the best way to test that . 
  if 18 year old 's do it in their own time that 's fine . 
  probably not the sort of thing that should be run by the school at a school event . 
  especially to the extent that there may be individuals who feel uncomfortable about it or are under age . 
  the greeks have already spent the money ...
