you 've got me there with your watertight reasoning based on facts, 
  sure , but it 's not a `` friendly rivalry '' as people often see it between the us and uk when you live it every day . 
  the accent prejudice against american immigrants in britain is real . 
  yes , you are probably one of those people that insists on telling americans they speak american , not english , right ? 
  i would for my new country , but not my country of birth . 
  because you 're racist or are you just against humanitarian aid ? 
  true , although most of them are treated as second-class citizens . 
  yes , it is interesting that a one-state solution is now solely the province of the far right , who see it as israel annexing remaining land and marginalising non-jews in the state . 
  it is a shame that israel the two-state solution has taken hold . 
  i think we have seen in other regions that the `` you stay on your side and i stay on mine '' solution does not lead to long-term peace . 
  no , there is n't . 
  there is a proposal to mark goods produced in israeli settlements in the west bank . 
  that is not equivalent to jewish , not even close . 
  but no one is marking jewish products . 
  that is absolutely not the same thing . 
  first , not all israeli products are produced in the settlements . 
  second , we label foods for all sorts of things to inform consumers . 
  what differentiates this from e.g. 
  gmo labelling ? 
   the thing with zionism is that it can have totally different meanings to different people . 
  definitely true . 
  i also believed it referred to the settlement politics until an israeli friend corrected me that it can also refer to the desire for a jewish state without suggesting a specific location and certainly not promoting settlement policies as a part of it . 
  this is usually my explanation of my objections to israel . 
  the active and proclaimed intention to create a nation-state thats places members of all other nations second is something i will always stand against . 
  if you want examples of why this is bad , europe in the latter half of the 19th century up until as far as the 70s experimented with this concept and used it to justify all manner of sins . 
  it does n't work if a society intends to be equal and democratic . 
  the conflation of jews and israelis is problematic , but it is also compounded by israeli itself . 
  it attempts to draw more legitimacy by claiming to be the only home for jews and for speaking on behalf of all jews . 
  this is both not true and unfair to those jews who not identify with the state of israel . 
  plenty of jews live outside of israel have little or no interest in settling in the middle east or seeing israel expand territorially . 
  no because currently people are using me as a proxy for their hatred of the us . 
  i 've stopped speaking english in public . 
  article text :  the city of london is fretting about brexit , especially about talk of a `` hard brexit '' that takes britain out of the european union 's single market . 
  that raises doubts about the future of passporting , which allows financial-services providers to trade across the eu without separate regulatory or capital requirements . 
  another concern is that the government 's plan to start the formal process for brexit by the end of march will mean that britain may be out of the eu as early as 2019 , yet banks must plan two or three years ahead . 
  hence the latest warning from anthony browne , chief executive of the british bankers ' association , that banks may start shifting jobs to europe early next year . 
   it is a nice irony that such jumpiness should coincide with this week 's 30th anniversary of big bang , the deregulatory step that largely created today 's city ( hugely helped by the expansion of canary wharf ) . 
  before big bang , says one financier , the city was backward and parochial , and there were real fears that it might lose out not just to new york but to continental europe . 
  it was big bang that underpinned london 's dominance of european finance . 
  and it is brexit that may now challenge it . 
   there is no disputing the importance of financial services to the british economy . 
  thecityuk , a lobby group , says 1.1 m people work directly in the business , rising to 2.2 m if jobs in supporting infrastructure are included . 
  two-thirds of them are outside london . 
  financial services contribute some 12 % of the national tax take . 
  banking is the country 's biggest single export . 
  financial and related services generate an annual trade surplus of # 55bn ( $ 67bn ) . 
   yet many brexiteers are unfazed by bankers ' threats to decamp . 
  they say that as finance goes global , passporting will no longer matter . 
  nowhere else in europe could replicate london , whose competitors are new york , singapore and hong kong . 
  the city expressed similar fears of job losses after britain 's decision not to join the euro , which proved empty . 
  and they argue that london is a huge asset for the eu , not just britain ; european companies and banks need it , so their politicians will not damage it . 
   this seems complacent to those working in the city . 
  take passporting . 
  there are many kinds of passport , from asset management to insurance to banking . 
  for some sectors , like hedge funds and general insurance , passporting may not matter much . 
  but as a report from open europe , a think-tank , notes , it is critical for investment banking . 
  some banks are established in more than one place already : citibank has a separately capitalised subsidiary in dublin . 
  but most are not . 
  the eu accounts for a fifth of their business ; if they lose the passport , they must set up elsewhere ( estate agents already report inquiries about space in frankfurt ) . 
  that could cost billions , when profit margins are tiny . 
   as for claims that nowhere else can compete , london will surely remain europe 's biggest financial centre . 
  but finance is not static . 
  young people in the fast-expanding `` fintech '' business could shift almost anywhere . 
  there are many rival places for financial services to go , from frankfurt to amsterdam to outside europe . 
  morgan stanley 's first overseas office was in paris , not london . 
  jpmorgan chase has warned that brexit might lead to 4,000 job losses ; hsbc has talked of transferring 1,000 staff to paris . 
  oliver wyman , a consultancy , estimates in a report prepared for thecityuk that a hard brexit could immediately cost as many as 75,000 jobs in all , a significant hit . 
  mark boleat of the corporation of london reckons a third of lost jobs might go to the continent , a third to new york -- and the rest could just disappear . 
   nor is there much sign of other countries backing the city . 
  the financial-services industry is hardly popular across europe , where it is widely blamed for the financial crisis . 
  other governments itch to pinch parts of london 's business . 
  clearing and settlement is a prime example . 
  london handles the bulk of clearing of trades in euros , but the european central bank has long wanted to repatriate this to frankfurt . 
  an earlier attempt was rebuffed by the european court of justice , but brexit may deprive london of judicial protection . 
  profits from clearing matter a lot to the london stock exchange . 
   are there alternatives to passporting ? 
  some have suggested relying on regulatory equivalence or mutual recognition . 
  the argument is that post-brexit britain starts with the same rules as the eu , so regulators should give banks the same freedom . 
  but this would work only if britain follows all future eu regulations despite having no say in them -- and brexiteers are keen to tear up red tape , starting with the eu 's foolish cap on bank bonuses . 
   migration is another worry . 
  the industry needs to hire staff from the rest of europe at short notice , yet brexiteers want to introduce work permits or visas . 
  a report by pwc , a consultancy , for the corporation of london floats the idea of regional visas for london alone . 
  yet it is hard to see a carve-out for the city from broader controls , just as it is hard to imagine a deal that gives it alone full access to the eu 's single market ( and bankers snort at any notion that they might pay for the privilege ) . 
   grim noises from the city may be partly designed just to shock pro-brexit ministers . 
  but bankers are deadly serious over needing clarity about post-2019 transitional arrangements if they are not to start shifting jobs abroad soon . 
  their big hope is that philip hammond , the chancellor , makes continuation of the banking passport in some form his priority for brexit negotiations . 
  but they are not sanguine . 
  hyperbole is hard to grasp for some people . 
  article text :  it is not all that long ago that to be german in britain was a burden to be borne stoically against the incoming flak of side-splitting jokes and hilariously funny walks . 
  germans were at best like their cars -- boring and reliable . 
  at worst , well , you know . 
   what a difference a referendum vote makes . 
  since the uk voted in june to leave the eu , barely a day passes without someone remarking about `` how lucky '' i am to have that crimson passport stamped with the golden bundesadler ( federal eagle ) . 
   the media , meanwhile , carry reports of british jews reclaiming their right to a citizenship stripped from their ancestors by the nazis . 
  and german local authorities have reported sharp increases in citizenship applications from british expatriates ; the embassy in london has also seen a spike in inquiries . 
  everyone , it seems , wants to be german . 
   this is a world away from my youth when it was not uncommon for germans to happily exchange their passports for more popular alternatives , or at the very least seek to sublimate national identity in a greater european context . 
  now surveys put a german passport in pole position , with sweden , when it comes to visa-free travel around the world . 
   enthusiasm for becoming german extends beyond the practicalities of securing a post-brexit eu identity . 
  in case you had n't heard , berlin is europe 's coolest city .
