  it is edgy , arty , brimming with history , and -- even better for the scarred veterans of the london property market -- cheap . 
  the german capital sits at the heart of a bigger overhaul of brand deutschland . 
   the country is a more open and relaxed place , seemingly more at ease with itself , certainly more heterogenous . 
  angela merkel , her recent setbacks notwithstanding , is the most respected of world leaders , and the national football team is more stylish than previous offerings and still wins international tournaments ( unlike some others ) . 
   throw in a healthy economy and good quality of life and it starts to look like an attractive package . 
  it 's becoming quite a familiar story : the london property has been put up for rent and life on the kreuz-koelln borders beckons . 
  kraut rocks . 
  ( i have yet to meet many people extolling the delights of german grammar , but give it time . ), 
   becoming german , as those who have had to deal with the bureaucracy there know , is not totally straightforward . 
   as a member of the rootless , cosmopolitan class ( i 'd say `` elite '' but i live in lambeth ) now so out of favour with the may administration , i have been guilty of a woefully cavalier attitude to our family 's passport arrangements . 
  between four of us we can muster passports from three countries . 
   this was never an issue but brexit brings with it the prospect of curtailed freedom of movement for some of us , and the newfound status ( for one of us ) of being a `` bargaining chip '' in forthcoming negotiations between london and other eu member states . 
  and so evenings are given over to searching for birth certificates and getting acquainted with the finer points of pettifogging rules around properly notarised surnames . 
   the newfound enthusiasm for germany comes at a difficult moment for the country itself . 
  the question of national identity is high on the political agenda following the influx of huge numbers of refugees and will be a significant factor in federal elections next year . 
   outsiders might look to germany as an oasis of stability in a union and a wider region that seems increasingly volatile . 
  to many in germany , things look less rosy . 
  expectations that the country plays a more central role on the world stage may be understandable given its size and wealth . 
  but for many germans it is a role they are uncomfortable with , whether for historical reasons or because they do not want be left carrying an unsustainable burden and would rather have a quiet , and prosperous , life . 
   that may no longer be possible . 
  one of the countless received wisdoms offered up after the brexit vote is that the uk leaving will make the eu more german as the balance of power shifts with the departure of one its biggest members . 
  how that really plays out remains to be seen . 
  but one thing is already clear : brexit is actually making more germans , much to many people 's surprise . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  you know this is an absurd quotation from donald trump , right ? 
  you do know this is an absurd rewrite of a donald trump quote , right ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such a victim complex ... 
  that 's not true , and there 's nothing here promoting violence or hatred of any group . 
  except this is satire . 
  for example ... ? 
  ( in this thread ? ), 
   the most fundamental issue the uk currently has is the distorted view of reality , mainly by brexiteers . 
  but that has real impacts on e.g. 
  immigration , which in turn affect the composition of the workforce . 
  a painful visa regime will deter eu citizens who can work in other countries , and the us is slowly trying to liberalise its own regime . 
  britain definitely has the * potential * fill its own labour gaps , but without migration the lag time is considerable . 
  an insult to the pesos of the world . 
  because posting facts about brexit is `` hate '' ? 
  i think the uk/gbp might also have fundamental issues . 
  its status as a global reserve currency could be minimised if the finance sector really moves . 
  a post-brexit economy is probably going to need a different composition and it 's unclear if that is achievable . 
  that 's all speculation , though , as is the change we 're seeing in the pound . 
  and usually having it involuntarily devalued by market speculation reacting to a major economic decision is not a `` good '' context =p, 
  too bad . 
  if i as an immigrant have to hear every unsolicited opinion ever about my country 's politics without filter , they can handle a few informed and reasoned news articles . 
  it 's always unclear to me who is upset with this . 
  is it remainers who are triggered by the articles pointing out how fucked they are or brexiteers who do n't like their delusions shattered ? 
   it is not racism but your delusional leftist `` antiracism '' you can blame . 
  and of course this `` antiracism '' has not really anything to do with race , it is socialist ideology in disguise . 
  so that 's why the entire right bloc agrees with me and not you ? 
  as someone qualified to say so , no , that is not the reason . 
   if you do n't put any effort into integration you have no proof of them `` not putting any effort in '' , that 's a narrative you have created to suit your worldview . 
  that is disgusting, 
   to put it indelicately , you collect all the strays of the world , but they 're not even domesticated much less housebroken , but now your home starts to smell of piss , the furniture is getting chewed up , others living there get bitten and the neighbors are starting to be negatively affected and what 's your reaction ? 
  i blame people who equate humans to stray animals . 
   their country ? 
  it 's his country , too , but the problem is people have said shit like that to him his whole life . 
  that definitely lengthens the decision for asylum cases for many , although more and more of such people are being deported . 
  about half of those cases that have been decided have been allowed to stay , and most of them are people from syria who meet the definition of refugee by the un . 
  they are clamping down pretty hard on anyone who does not meet this criteria . 
  however , if you come from syria , proving your education , especially in a licensed profession , has been hard and taken over a year in some cases , and people are told to basically sit tight , sit on benefits and learn swedish . 
  many of them would rather be working in their trained profession ( which can be things like , chemical engineer , doctor , etc ) . 
  there was a story recently of one woman who is a trained doctor . 
  she has to work as a ( low-level ) nurse now . 
  noooot what i suggested . 
   and then you have millions of intra-eu migrants , myself included , who do n't have access to free housing , language lessons or any of that stuff and yet still manage to integrate quickly , find a job and become a valuable member of the society . 
  you have access to all of that except for free housing . 
  language lessons are free for all who immigrate to sweden . 
  and if you think you manage to integrate quickly , you probably have n't in sweden . 
  most even eu-immigrants complain of it being challenging . 
  edit : i say all this by the way as a * non-eu * immigrant who has a work permit , a job , speaks the language fluently after paying for language lessons and my own housing . 
  if i can still not have a chip on my shoulder about people who get residence permits faster than me and more assistance , maybe you can knock the one off of yours . 
   the worst thing is the job market , where most employers are reluctant to hire people with foreign ( non-swedish ) sounding names . 
  they let their own predjudices determine whom they are going to hire or not , and generalize for the sake of minimizing risks . 
  `` oh dear , here we have a qualified candidate named jamal . 
  what if he is a terrorist , or participates in car burnings . 
  maybe his swedish is not so good after all . 
  lets instead pick the guy named erik who is less qualified , and probably behaves and looks more like i do '' . 
  i agree 100 % , but especially with this . 
  it happens all the time . 
  a lot of that is true , but a lot of it gets lost in bureacracy . 
  a lot of people sit and wait for asylum decisions for over a year , now ( and quite a few of those are denied at the end , these days ) , and only then do they have access to the things you mention . 
  a lot of people sit with nothing to do day after day , and that isolation slows their integration , and makes it harder for them to get a job afterward ( how many of us would be good at our jobs if we left the profession for a year ? ), 
  and this on top of the fact that there is clearly systematic racism in hiring practices in sweden . 
  well , even among swedes and other residents , there is a housing shortage that pretty sharply segregates people by socio-economic status , and the difference between urban and suburban areas is pretty sharp ( i live in a `` suburb '' by the way , as do many other decently-heeled people in stockholm ) , which increases demand on the little urban housing there is . 
  this is exacerbated by the fact the development and planning is heavily centralised and painfully bureaucratic . 
  the entire system has failed to provide enough housing and the housing it did provide for a long time was in suburbs with rows and rows of flats without any amenities in the area that make it a nice place to live . 
  this left those places to only people who could not afford anything else . 
  it 's one of the single largest failings of the social democrats ' vision for sweden from the 20th century if you ask me , and now we have to play catchup for the well-being of all . 
  even from my rather leftist perspective , i think some liberalisation of planning and development is crucial to build at the rate needed to sustain the growth sweden has ( and wants , by the way ) . 
  and before someone talks about immigration being a problem , 55k refugees have so far been settled in sweden , both mass urbanisation from the countryside and immigration due to labour demand ( including in high-paying sectors like it ) are the main cause of this problem . 
   if they segregate it 's probably because they do n't want to be swedish , they just want your prosperity . 
  that 's false and there are so many verifiable stories and complaints in large statistical aggregates that show that . 
  one of the largest complaints from e.g. 
  asylum seekers is their isolation ; they want to learn swedish to get a job faster but are housed in relatively remote areas with only other foreigners to talk to , so they do n't have opportunities to practice . 
   swedish culture is completely foreign to them , because they 're not really exposed to it . 
  that 's not totally true , but they do live in a relatively split off potion of society . 
  it 's one in which many come into the city and feel scrutinised and judged . 
  they are often spoken to in english because of their appearance ( despite speaking swedish as their * native language * ) . 
  they have relatively fewer role models ( although svt , the public broadcaster , is notably diverse and strives to be ) .
