this is really sad . 
  well , you see , no true scotsman \u2122 is a wankshaft . 
  as in sent fighters to scare them and send them back to russia . 
  `` just '' 30 months for being born the `` wrong '' way . 
  hey , awesome , romania is green . 
  thanks for watching !, 
  even if we spend more , we have a lot more money than them . 
  their loss would still be bigger , proportionally . 
  yes please !, 
  in romania it 's freezing and even snowing in some regions right now . 
  in the rest of the country it 's raining . 
  it sucks . 
  why ? 
  i ca n't think of a single reason why that would be good for anyone . 
  you really , honestly wish the eu would dissolve ? 
  is n't much cheaper if you buy it then ? 
  of course , i do n't agree with this law , cause it 's bullshit . 
  people named walen they go the house ? 
  also romania and bulgaria . 
  we were n't soviet , but when the regime fell the orthodox church gained a shitton of power . 
  so you 're advocating for isolationism ? 
  when did isolationism work last time ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  never . 
  read my comment . 
  the us would be dragged into war either way . 
  the bases are a good thing because they protect its allies while stopping powerful rivals from growing too strong . 
  japan is n't allowed to have a real military due to a treaty signed after wwii , south korea needs them because north korea nd china , and eastern europe needs them because russia . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  we 're literally living in a wasteland . 
  now , i know you just left the vault , but please give me all your caps or i 'll unleash my buddy dogmeat here , and you wo n't like that . 
  high end ? 
  it sounds like the cheapest place you could eat without getting salmonella . 
  it says there in the op that you ca n't use the country 's official slogan . 
  they 're forbidden in public * institutions * . 
  you can wear one whenever you like as long as you do n't enter a school or a hospital or something like that . 
  what i claimed is that in turkey , while a mostly muslim country , women * do n't * wear hijabs . 
  because it 's not a religious thing , it 's cultural . 
  whoa , norway still has conscription ? 
  how come ? 
  oh , come on , nobody 's going to attack europe . 
  my bad , i thought you already finished school since the average reddit user is a 24 year old guy . 
  you enter public institution buildings every day ? 
  the only way that 'd make sense is if you worked there . 
  and you 'd be in the minority . 
  that was almost a century ago . 
  now they 're banned only in public institutions . 
  how often do you use public institutions ? 
  that i know . 
  but secularizing = / = imposing state atheism . 
  what does that have to do with this ? 
  i 'd read up if i had any sources . 
  that guy did tons of stuff . 
  hijabs are a culture-specific garment , not a religious one . 
  go to turkey , count the women who wear a hijab . 
  fuck other people 's cultures amirite . 
  terrorists in the middle east are n't europe 's concern unless they are active here . 
  yeah . 
  americans are trying to get rid of guantanamo , while `` master race europeans '' want something like that . 
  u wot m8, 
  i am aware . 
  like i said , i 'm not denying the slavic partial ancestry , i 'm just saying romanians are n't slavs . 
  nobody says it * is * special , but lots of people claim romanians have no roman descent and are 100 % slavs . 
  i always hear people say romanians do n't have roman descent . 
  how come ? 
  was trhe people here not formed by dacians being conquered by romans and then mixing with slavs ? 
  is the language not mostly descended from latin ? 
  so boris i was a pretty swell guy . 
  but it 's 70 % roman . 
  you 'd be * so * insulted of you ever had to meet me . 
  i ca n't think of any time when i was * not * late . 
  you will surely get the falkland, 
  right mouse button ? 
  he 's talking out of his ass . 
  romania and serbia remove kebab together . 
  i pronounce it that way too . 
  i blame the americans . 
  three . 
  and i never claimed russia is fascist . 
  just because i 'm defending the us it does n't mean i 'm a shill . 
  nah , only the military spending and the obsession with national security . 
  the us is by no means fascist . 
  it 's an austrian/german saying ? 
  i thought it 's just something you came up with . 
  am lovit ma\u0219ina de pod . 
  huh ? 
  aka if russia won the cold war . 
  european states of america, 
  i 'm pretty sure half of / r/europe sees nothing wrong with this . 
  you know where you should move ? 
  stormfront . 
  it 's great for \\* ahem \\* * race realists * like you . 
  loonies for hating a racist , radical right party ? 
  i 'm sure you do n't care about racial riots in the uk , seeing as you are from estonia , but that could be a really bad thing for all of europe . 
  ukraine is not an us ally , but it borders lots of them . 
  that 's why it 's nato 's problem . 
  this guy is a troll . 
  he also frequents / r/romania . 
  in romania , we also have vaslui . 
  and \\* sigh \\* constanta , the city i live in , which is known for its extremely vapid and uncultured people .
