  c * \u0103 * cat, 
  north korea and the soviet union are n't `` far-left heavens '' because they were/are bullshit dictatorships * claming * to be communism . 
  true communism never actually existed . 
  now , i 'm not saying it should , but it never did and probably never will . 
  yes , and yes . 
  romania is n't in the schengen area and we can still pass unhindered iirc . 
  except neo-nazis acually exist . 
  but of course . 
  once the scapegoat was gone reddit no longer cared . 
  happens all the time . 
  saddest thing is pao was the only one opposed to this . 
  because the only people using the term `` cultural marxism '' are people who want to say racist , homophobic or otherwise offensive shit without being called out . 
  because they go all hurr durr free speech when people do n't agree with their views , even though free speech means protection from being censored in the public space , not from their racist shit having consequences . 
  i do n't need arguments because he 's not gon na change his views anyway . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  yeah . 
  the only people who use the term are the ones who want to say racist shit and not get called out . 
   cultural marxist yeah no, 
  armed incursions , like cracking down protests or killing black people . 
  lots of places , did a quick search and found this . 
  well they do own fucking tanks, 
  to be fair , if they lose the lawsuit they 're the only ones losing money , so imo let them fight the fucking windmills and lose . 
  you 're awesome . 
  i agree with you . 
  arguing over muh clay is stupid . 
  national states are fucking stupid , especially in the 21st century . 
  like the goddess from the legend of zelda ? 
  it 's pretty obvious he was being sarcastic . 
  oh yeah , because the regimes that used confiscation and forced nationalisation definitely were n't failed states . 
  but you ca n't touch offshore money because it 's offshore . 
  why does everybody regard austerity as a bad thing ? 
  the way i understand it , it helps the economy recover by reducing costs . 
  it 's nobody 's responsibility , but it would 've been nice if you wrote it in a language most people understand . 
  this is exactly what we need english for . 
  had you used english , i 'd have understood what you wrote . 
  that 's kinda ironic coming from putin . 
  that 's cyprus . 
  this year 's eurovision was brought to you by ... ~ ~ pro-russian propaganda ! ~ ~ fucking sweden fuck yes saviour of fucking europe, 
  like i said , i 'm not very good at this . 
  i thought that was a p. 
  i 'm not very good at reading cyrilic writing , but is that word `` spiven '' ? 
  cause i googled spiven and nothing showed up . 
  i know for sure at least my dad was , since my grandma said she wanted to have an abortion but she 's glad she did n't , and my mom seemed to imply she was too . 
  they were born in '68 and '67 respectively . 
  ok , you 're quoting coldplay for no reason . 
  good for you ? 
  literally hitler . 
  can confirm , was -8 years old when he fell . 
  well , this time we 're on the good side , so probably just the music and neons and nes games . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  bring on the neons . 
  the year is 20xx . 
  obviously . 
  but he still wants to invade you . 
  and putin still wants to invade you . 
  the new one is almost huge in comparison, 
  i 've never heard anybody ever say that . 
  budget is n't everything . 
  romania 's sri has a bigger budget that the german and french secret services combined , but it 's completely useless because it 's likely the most corrupt institution in the country . 
  this is going to sound super ignorant and i 'm sorry but , do n't serbs and croats speak the same language ? 
  how can you be seprate peoples with the same language ? 
  le edgi, 
  well , they * are * the kind of people that think $ 700 is cheap . 
  so like the only good thing about that country ? 
  i disregard people who claim * racism is n't real and hurtful * . 
  that 's not even a valid opinion , it 's on the same level as claiming the holocaust never happened . 
  the moment you argued against racism being a bad , and most importantly , real , thing by comparing it to witchcraft you lost any sort of credibility and respect you might have had before and i 'll just disregard everything you said . 
  this looks incredibly cyberpunk . 
  that 's not what happened in ex-soviet states . 
  nobody thought assassinating dissenters was a good thing , and there 's a difference between removing posts from facebook - which is a website owned by a company , not a public government-owned space - and the government imprisoning dissenters . 
  what this looks like to me is just some people complaining that they wo n't be able to be openly racist anymore , and i see that as a good thing . 
  because left wing extremism is n't on the rise currently . 
   be me  also in romania  what 's happening now is not even close to that and nobody is sent anywhere, 
  when i was a kid i used to play the sims . 
  the first one . 
  first time i saw a burglar i read it as `` bulgar '' and i thought bulgarians were stealing shit from my house . 
  because i like japanese cars ? 
  it 's just personal preference dude . 
  i do n't want a c class though . 
  i do n't have a license and if i had one i 'd get a japanese car anyway . 
  how do you get a c-class with $ 4k ? 
  a black 1998 bmw 3 series registered in bulgaria, 
   dprk  steam, 
  liberals are too boring for that stuff . 
  these are n't liberal ideas . 
  i 'm not a liberal . 
  maybe but why would it have to be one nation . 
  honestly i think the idea of nations is useless and rooted in tribalism and i hope that when we colonize space we 'll be more united . 
  like , we 'll probably be divided by planets and not by countries but still . 
  all humans are related . 
  that 's why we 're the same species . 
  not to mention that being european makes us even more related because we 're all from the same small-ish geographical area . 
  what does that even mean, 
  not even vampire, 
  til there are as many people in iceland as there are in my hometown . 
  sacwic ? 
  that 's not catchy . 
  nationalism is extreme patriotism . 
  settings a flag on a subreddit is just a tiny bit patriotic . 
  meanwhile i 'm scared i 'll get stabbed in central london,
