  the video is unavailable . 
  i 'm pretty sure * important * dod computers have custom antivirus software . 
   trianon, 
  speak quickly , outlander , or go away . 
  i , too , like playing as a dark elf . 
  why be a viking in real life , when you can play as a magical land-viking !, 
  frist of all how ** dare ** you make fun of glorious aryan race . 
  this is / r/europe not / r/trashcanistan . 
  you race traitor . 
   up up up to the stormfront this whole thread is disgusting . 
  constan\u021ba , romania . 
  a few hours ago . 
  china was part of the known world for the chinese . 
  it was the jewish lizard people from the nwilluminati who made him do it !, 
  that 's not feeding , that 's making fun of the troll . 
  but does n't everybody take photos of the bridges in ny ? 
  i mean they 're one of the city 's defining features , and they 're pretty too . 
   if that were the kind of thing you could take pictures of without mysteriously disappearing please tell me that 's a joke, 
  yeah , the largest boulevard in my city used to be called lenin . 
  immediately after 1989 ( the only violent anti-communist revolution in europe iirc ) they changed it to mamaia . 
  in romania people wanted to put communism behind asap , since we had one of the worst regimes . 
  couple more years , and we 'd have become north korea . 
  you do n't have to be an atheist to see that religious involvement in politics is a bad thing . 
  you really think the people who introduced separation of church and state were agheists ? 
  article by the moscow times . 
  no , thanks . 
  what flag ? 
   the distinction between the terms `` renminbi '' and `` yuan '' is similar to that between sterling and pound , which respectively refer to the british currency and its primary unit . 
  japanese * yen * . 
  chinese * yuan * . 
  that 's because i used the same sentence structure as in english . 
  eh , close enough . 
  ich kann nich sprache deutsch , even though ich bin rumanicher . 
  i have no idea what i just said there . 
   the last ringbear, 
  yeah , the guy who gets upvoted while you get downvoted is * obviously * a troll , and your comments were just brigaded by troll squad . 
  we usually do n't though . 
  it 's not common practice at all , i know like two stores that do this . 
  unless psd wins the elections this year . 
  they said this new system is bad and want to remove it , go back to the old corrupt ways . 
  10/10 would vote for this guy . 
  seriously . 
  not most . 
  some . 
  and some is where i 'd like to go . 
  i know , and i 'm disgusted . 
  that 's why i want to gtfo . 
  time to get the fuck out of europe then, 
   in its original meaning , not the quite different modern one, 
  i 'm not saying romas whith citezenship are n't romanian citizens . 
  but theybare n't ethnic romanians . 
  because you often see racists who claim it 's because of the ethnicity . 
  it 's not racism . 
  i do n't have anything against romas , and i wish we would try to integrate , rather than marginalize them . 
  until my mom bought one i never saw one in real life , so there 's that . 
  there are servers in europe though . 
  i know there 's one in bucharest . 
  and that 's because of cultural and social reasons . 
  claiming an ethnicity is predisposed to crime is pretty ignorant . 
  and once again , people confuse romas with romanians ... 
  this comic perfectly describes windows phone . 
  i do n't know , it 's a really controversial issue . 
  this is good news . 
  let 's just hope moldova does n't become ukraine 2.0 because of transnistria . 
  ~ ~ til people actually like eurovision . 
  imo it 's the dumbest piece of shit to ever come out of this continent . ~ ~, 
  i love all the communist symbolysm they 're waving around . 
  it 's like they 're not even trying anymore . 
  i am romanian , and i thought there are like 5-10 % moldovans in moldova because the russians deported them . 
  i honestly thought saying most people there are actual moldovans is nationalist propaganda . 
  that 's honestly what i 've heard here . 
  that the romanians were deported and they brought in russians and ukrainians . 
  i meant ethnically and culturally . 
  most people there are n't romanians , they 're russians and ukrainians . 
  to be fair , most people in moldova * are * slavs . 
  i got british . 
  god save the queen i guess ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't think they break any rules . 
  fallout 3 , here we come !, 
  but , to be fair , being stalked by the nsa is creepy , but far less dangerous than dying in a car crash . 
  plus , living in a constant state of paranoia sucks . 
  here in romania i heard jokes like, 
  that 's what we get for trusting russians though . 
  the word '' \u021bigan '' is also illegal in romania . 
  you literally get fined if you are caught saying it . 
  you either have an internet problem or your coutry/google censored them localy . 
  i can see both china and north korea . 
  it 's us versus them . 
  western media will never portray external aggressors in a positive , or even neutral light , even if it 's true . 
  so ... just about everyone in europe and north america ? 
   just before you mean five years before ? 
  the first article is from 2007 and the second from 2012 . 
   why is romania called romania ? 
  umm that was about the article . 
  * the article * presents an interesting point of view , and was written well enough , only it had a few unnecessary fucks . 
  as in , the author used the word `` fuck '' a bit too much . 
  i 'm just gon na take inspiration from your username and tell you , easy bruh . 
  is it an android phone ? 
  there are apps for that you know .
