what do you mean ? 
  the royals reproduce by cellular division . 
  drunk welshmen ? 
  it was a joke , hence the wink . 
  is this a comment about world war two or just history in general ? 
  what did you expect from him ? 
  why is this in / r/europe ? 
  exactly . 
  people have this strange perception that the media should all be neutral . 
  if you do n't have a bbc then fine , your papers should probably be neutral , but we already have a neutral news source in the form of the bbc ... 
  it 's a joke from the unnameable sub . 
  less chance of being freed . 
  rule britannia ... 
  trump has transcended beyond being a wanker . 
  he 's having actual sex ... 
  wait , shit that analogy does n't work ... is he the fleshlight of us politics ? 
  honestly i 'm lost at this point ... 
  of course . 
  because the uk is the model for rational thought and sane policies ... 
  he might not be a wanker . 
  does n't mean his supporters are n't ... 
  you have to be an adult to view porn for some fucking reason . 
  no idea why , buts it 's the law ... 
  you 're even safer in the u.s. ; wankers are the main voter base for all the parties . 
  the other options were people who would stumble aimlessly into economic inequality and authoritarian rule over a period of several years of welfare heavy debt and spending . 
  cameron is n't a good man , but he 's efficient . 
  it 's my secret plan to end the tensions across the british isles by granting us a common foe to rebel against violently . 
  scotland will want in on the union forever if it frees them from the u.s. . . 
  sure . 
  we already have four states of our own though ... that 's eight senators . 
  theoretically london should be separate too , so that 's ten senators . 
  maybe split north and south england ? 
  twelve senators . 
  if we force ireland to become a state too then that 's fourteen , roughly , potentially aligned senators ... 
  the sole reason the 5 big powers stay and actually enforce the un 's will is because they have a veto and special membership . 
  even losing just the uk and france would be a loss for the un , since the vast cultural and political influence we have is a big help in getting the un 's shit done ( particularly in africa ) . 
  love it !, 
  hmm , unsure . 
  they 're a very zealous lot of nazis , but they are n't aryan . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say hitlers still rollin ' . 
  hitler 's rolling in the grave at the thought of slavs appropriating his long held traditions . 
  to piss off the spanish . 
  we 're using their money to build up british gibraltar . 
  to bad he could n't do that for your swamp , swamp german ,, 
  i imagine this happens in every other country in europe ; we just happen to have unearthed and be doing something about it . 
  the mona lisa . 
  the rest of the louvre is amazing . 
  you have to wade through a shit-fight between fat , grunting tourists to get to the mona lisa . 
  not worth it . 
  stfu swamp german , otherwise we `` island frogs '' will set our oldest ally on you ; the sea . 
  also shitty portugal will help . 
  hungarians wo n't be happy until everything between the rhine and the steppes is in hungary ... 
  i guess you could say that bush has been * trumped * * grins *, 
  i thought that would be a witty joke commentatary on sweden ... 
  helpful none the less . 
  agreed , i think they may actually be more hated here than everywhere else . 
  they 're an embarrassment to our otherwise totally fine and non invasion happy culture . 
  we paid for them though did n't we ? 
  did n't the ottomans sell them to some english geezer and then the government bought them off him . 
  nothing to do with the greek civil war or protection ... 
  so it 's a german scotland then ? 
  you 're reasonable though . 
  i think , simply because there is a larger samples size of lefties , you seem to find more unreasonable british leftists than rightists on reddit ( this seems to be unique to the britosphere on reddit though ) . 
  police state britannia 1 , sane and not over monitored greece 0 . 
  * seriously guys , we have a problem , pls help ... *, 
  they 're still emotionally stunned by the glorious success that was the ussr , 
  indian unification was hardly a voluntary choice ... 
  and only because we owe them . 
  ok , that 's fair enough . 
  sorry but parts of this are just bollocks . 
  european religious wars were over well before secularisation , with the last major was ( using the term very liberally ) the nine years war , separated by a hundred years without wars caused by the protestant catholic divide , from the french revolution , the earliest possible point where part of europe became secular in the long term . 
  also correct . 
  indeed . 
  you ca n't banter if you do n't even know where to get a cheeky nandos from ... 
  i know , i was making a joke . 
  farage is an as swipe because of rayleigh scattering ? 
  what ? 
  now you 've confused me ... 
  cole and miterol ? 
  i 'm not sure , are they foreign politicians ? 
  europeans ? 
  nige would win though . 
  i do n't like the many but you ca n't barrage the farage ... 
  no need for sarcasm there . 
  he is french , it stands to reason that he 's talking nonsense ... , 
  agreed . 
  a jolly good war with framce is very good for unifying people . 
  say it again . 
  oh ok , fair enough . 
  i would n't call margaret thatcher fascist ... authoritarian , but not fascist . 
  our time draws nearer , fellow britons !, 
  rise up , you have nothing to lose but your spains !, 
  what is it good for ? 
  is this missing out people who legally live in tax havens or is it a legit list ? 
  indeed . 
  we should coin the term to mean a pragmatic authoritarian . 
  horrendous typo . 
  should say pragmatic . 
  but what i 'm saying was is that she would n't have done this . 
  because it 's just so fucking stupid , not necessarily because she did n't have the stomach for it , but because it 's an awful plan .
