   in any nightclub , if your group do n't have at least 30 ~ 40 % of female , you get the `` sorry , it 's not gon na be possible tonight '' what a very heterosexual assumption . 
   a ticket sold is a ticket sold - so would n't you want to make the most money possible ? 
  market segmentation . 
  if you were able to raise the price for some segment of the customers , and they 'd still pay , then you have made more money . 
  i could be a way to keep gang members out ? 
  true . 
  but how many people are n't regular weed users , and are trying something new ? 
  agreed about the irish times . 
  like the guardian in the uk , they are a private trust afaik . 
  not only mostly gay questions but * lots * of gay question . 
  they should just have one question `` you ok with gays ? '', 
  instead of like 20 questions about gay people . 
  who is going to strongly agree with `` it 's ok for 2 men to love each other '' and strongly agree with `` lesbianism is a sign of declining morals '' ?!?!, 
  i gave up at that bit and did n't want to click all the boxes . 
  it looks like they have written their survey as if everywhere was like their country , australia . 
  there has been a lot of migration to austrlia in the last 100 years , so people belong to certain groups ( australian , irish , british , aborigianal , etc. ) . 
  however these divisions make no sense in europe . 
  it would almost certainly apply to parents of either gender . 
   are europeans allowed to bear weapons few places ( if any ) in eu have the us concept of `` you have a right to bear a weapon '' . 
   for the purpose of killing other people who are threatening them with violence ? 
  self defence laws vary by country , but yes , mostly one has the right to defend yourself from being hurt . 
  it varies a lot , and is probably not as extreme as the us laws . 
  remember , here it 's not much of a political issue . 
  irish law is a bit more flexible and relaxed than the usa . 
  also we 're not big into the whole `` self-defence '' thing . 
  to give you an idea : every murder in ireland is reported on national news . 
  it 's just not as crazy common as in usa , 
  i 'm calling bullshit on it . 
  it is currently the most common language able to be spoken . 
  it is also becoming common around the rest of the world . 
  lots of people in eu able to speak english means they can speak enligsh to each other * and * the the americans & asia . 
   if they have to apply for eu membership as a new state depends what they do . 
  sometimes when states become independent , they ` inherit ' all previous treaties , so an independent scotland could already be in eu . 
   since the schengen became part of the acquis - every new member is bound to accept the full body of european law . 
  ah did n't know that . 
   but negotiations might allow them a different option . 
  almost certanly . 
  realpolitik at it 's finest . 
  this is nothing new though . 
  nationalism has been in europe from 150 years . 
  lots of times countries get independence and then join eu ( just look at the former soviet union , or ireland ... ) . 
  it has n't really caused a problem . 
  it would be silly for scotland to join shengen , since ( as you point out ) , they 'd have to put lots of border control up . 
  but it 's not required for scotland to join schengen . 
  the uk already has a land border with another country without needing border posts . 
  would be a good way to get lots of europhobic english people on board . 
  i think only the uk allows opt outs . 
  if you 're not in the uk and the employer is telling you to opt out , that 's a load of nonsense . 
  ( as in , if it 's in contract , you can not be held to it ) if you 're in uk , i think the opt out can be mandatory for a job offer . 
  i do n't know ( but would * strongly * suspect ) that there is uk law dating back decades that would require the employer to keep track of hours worked . 
  if there is ( you 'll have to look it up ) , then the ewt opt out is irrelevant here . 
  wikipedia tells me that the uk opt out only allows you to work more than 48 hours , which would * imply * that all other parts of the ewt ( which may or may not include ` log hours ' ) would still apply . 
  as in , in the uk , i do n't think you can `` opt out of the ewt '' , however you can opt out of the `` 48 hr max working week part of the ewt '', 
   have the relations improved because of the uk 's recent financial support to ireland ? 
  y' know people in uk seem to be aware that the uk has given money to ireland , but in ireland that 's not really in the public conscientiousness . 
  the uk has not given a lot of money to ireland compared to euro countries ( and i do n't think the ireland has actually drawn down that money yet ) . 
  if anything , people think that germany has given a lot of money to ireland . 
  evidence : * angela merkel pictured in ` vote no ' to the fiscal compact treaty http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/9292422/all-pain-no-gain-the-irish-backlash-that-could-mean-a-no-to-europes-austerity-plans.html * irish football fans joke about angela merkel on their flags : ( `` angela merkel thinks we 're at work '' ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-18371142, 
  because it 's seen as part of the national identity , and as a way to ( historically ) assert that ireland is not england . 
  yes of course . 
  and so did my parents when growing up and so did my grandparents when growing up . 
  along with a large percentage of the population . 
  in fact i would be almost incapable of holding a conversation in irish . 
  it 's probably as good as my german or french . 
  yep this is all accurate . 
  though to clarify , there is probably no-one left alive in ireland who speaks irish but can not speak english . 
  there are a small minority of people would speak irish at home . 
  and rightly so ? 
  i mean if a teeny country can get more gold medals than a large country with a large pool of athlethes to choose from the teeny nation must be `` better '' ? 
   would it cause inflation ? 
  because the money was printed and spent over many years , there is no sudden massive printing going on , rather it 's simply wiping out what was already there . 
  it would cause inflation , over many years . 
  ( rather than the sudden insane jumps of * hyperinflation * ) . 
  the uk , with qe , has inflation . 
  culturally , the uk is closer to the usa . 
  * a bisexual person might want to enter into a same sex marriage . 
  * a homosexual woman might prefer to be called lesbian , and might think that ` gay ' does n't apply to them these groups of people , due to word choices like this , sometimes feel like they are invisible and it 's only gay men ( or gay men and lesbians etc. ), 
  who exist . 
  that 's why long abbreviations ( like lgbtq ) are often used . 
  saying `` same sex marriage '' is a way to not exclude these people . 
  the uk extradided someone to the usa for copyright infringment , yes . 
  telegraph is a little better , but not much . 
  from what i can see it just says that they claimed that they were n't used to drinking alchohol . 
  where does it say the judge used that as a reason ? 
  lots of people are going to try to use any excuse they can in court ( because they do n't want to get convicted ) . 
  i ca n't really blame them for trying ( since i and thousands of others would try ) . 
  but i ca n't see any evidence to support the idea that muslims now have a free ride ( which the daily mail & telegraph imply ) . 
  the article on the left seems to be from the daily mail . 
  it 's a ` newspaper ' that often stretched the truth and sometimes outright lies ( look at what they published after amanda knox 's appeal ) . 
  they have a history of nationalism and complaining about immigrants and muslims . 
  it would not suprise me if the story on the left is grossly exadurated or an outright lie . 
  secondly on a more general point , it 's common for racist to imply that `` political correctness has gone too far '' or that `` white christian people are now being percesuted '' or that `` black people/minorities can do no wrong '' . 
  these are all mostly false claims like this . 
  they just want to continue to opress minorities . 
  thirdly , the uk has a long history of injustic against some of it 's white minorities . 
  just look at what happened in northern ireland . 
  one thing affecting us opinion is their attitude towards their founding fathers and the constitution . 
  they worship them !, 
  you can see this in how many debates ( e.g. 
  about religion state/church ) hark back to what the founding fathers want or mean .
