  they have various lifestyles that are similar to roma people ( such as living in caravans ) . 
  there is a * lot * of racial tension between the settled community ( which i am ) and the traveller community . 
  many settled people would claim travellers are n't a race and it 's not racist to discriminate based on them . 
  ( the law does explicity say discrimination based on traveller status is illegal , just like racism or sexism ) a government minister got in trouble recently for writing a letter to a constituant reassuring them that a traveller family will not be getting a council house near them ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0926/phil-hogan-traveller-family-house.html ) . 
  there is a lot of racism against travellers , but you are obviously not a traveller , so it wo n't apply to you . 
  there are a lot of similarities between ireland & usa w.r.t. 
  to race relations , but it 's probably more complex than `` white skin '' vs `` black skin '', 
  where are you from ? 
  and where are you going ? 
  there are  1 type of standard plug in europe . 
   separate the north region , and let it reunite back with the country it belongs with . 
  neither side will be satisfied , but in situations like this it 's pretty much the only way to get a solution . 
  the majority of the population in the north is serbian , and that should be reason enough since that was all the reason the albanian majority needed when they wanted to separate yeah that 's what i would have thought . 
  if the albania kosovars want to separate from serbia , surely the serbian kosovars should be able to separate from kosovo ? 
  as for countries splitting then rejoining , this is exactly what nationalists in northern ireland want to do :p, 
  i was in kosovo recently and say * loads * of albania flags . 
  is kosovo every going to join with albania to form one country ? 
  it 's all about the fancy characters and weird orthographies !, 
  there are many people who do n't read all the rules for budget airlines and get `` screwed by hidden charges '' , so i could see a lot of british holidaymakers getting turned away at the spanish border/airport ( say ) . 
  however spain ( or any country ) is free to not require a visa for holidays i think , and since it would massively affect their tourist industry , they wo n't do it . 
  so this will never really come to pass . 
  the french rarely speak english . 
  there 's a bit of history between the 2 countries there . 
  remember up until those upstarts on the other side of the atlantic got big and powerful ( i.e. 
  ~ 100 years ago ) , french was a popular 2nd language , and an international language of diplomacy etc. 
  usa should join eurovision . 
  it would be hilarious to work out how the geopolitics of that would affect the votes . 
  well i 'm in favour of pan-european f\u0153deralization , and most of the things the eu promotes , so it 's a shame to see a large european country not be part of that . 
  on the other hand , if they do n't want to be a part , you can not force people . 
  democracy and all that . 
  it would be a shame for a lot of people in the uk who might lose a lot of employee protection & discrimination law though . 
  \u2639 you could almost force them to stay if the rest of the eu imposed strict border/visa controls . 
  no more holidays in the sun unless you get your visa first . 
  not to mention that each country has duty laws and does n't allow the importation ( for commercial purposes ) of alcohol ( afaik ), 
  the ` dialects ' of english are n't really dialects , everyone ( in england ) practically speaks the same mutually intelligable language already . 
  did you hear , the eu wants to replace the language in england with one that 'll be a mix of french & german ? 
  english :p, 
  if only the euroskeptiks and europhobes in england would realise it ... 
  it might change their mind . 
  depends , uk culture would have an impact one some eu member states , like ireland :p, 
  very little of what i 've seen in usa media is like secondary schools ( as they 're called ) in ireland . 
  there 's the usual problem of bullying and pubescent children . 
  :p differences between irish schools and steryotypical usa high schools : most schools are single sex and nominally owned by the catholic church ( no separation of church & state here ) , pupils often have to wear school uniforms , no cheerleaders , none of this `` most likely to succeed '' voting crap , rather than a `` prom '' , we have a `` debs '' about ~ 6 months after you leave the school . 
  for now , yes . 
   the uk sits on an island , open borders are not feasible . 
  the uk already has open borders with ireland , and has had for almost 100 years . 
  was uk flooded by irish people ? 
   the term pigs is n't even new all though before the crisis the i was italy and ireland was n't mentioned . 
  for ireland , that 's because ireland had a relatively decent governmental budgetry position . 
  lots of income , very little debt , large savings , etc. 
  turns out that there was a massive property bubble , lots of people employed in that , and the banks were ridiculusly corrupt and heavily dependent on property . 
  state guarantees of banks almost bankrupted ireland . 
  spain in already in deficit, 
  i do n't know anything about cyprus , but a know a bit about my country , ireland , which has northern ireland . 
  it can be very harmful when people think `` those people over there are n't really native , they just took the land '' . 
  especially after a few hundred years ... 
  why can christianity change but not islam ? 
  i do n't know much about the history of islam to know if it * has * changed in the past , but since there are numerous different interpreations of islam throughout the world , it would imply it 's not a homoegeous block ( e.g. 
  islam in saudi arabia has more strict gender roles than islam in iran , even muslims in bosnia drink alcholol !, 
  ) , this leads to the idea that islam can change . 
  no , * now * they make their own minds up , but that was n't always the case . 
  some parts of christianity used to be just as crazy as some parts of islam now . 
  if christianity can change , so can islam . 
  but france was * against * iraq qar ... right ? 
  ireland is neutral . 
  but we know who we 're neutral to . 
  politicians and the public are n't listening to the catholic church as much . 
  islam is a different stage than most christianity . 
  most christian sects have gone through the phase of supporing a christian theocracy , burning heretics alive , holy wars etc. 
  christianity has changed . 
  islam is changing . 
  `` most '' is not strictly true . 
  there are ~ 2.2 billion christians , about half ( ~ 1.1 billion ) of which are roman catholic , who almost certainly do n't support women priests , civil unions or gay rights . 
  and the usa is not in the same legue as scandanvia either . 
  it also says `` honour your father and mother '' which has been interpreted as `` honour the king '' . 
  remember the divine right of kings , 
   i doubt the hospitals would pay for such things , but that 's a company maturity thing . 
  exactly , some tech companies are immature and act like horny teenage boys . 
  and you think that 's not sexist ? 
   why men often are the ones calling the shots ( and filling all the positions ) at young fast growing start-ups ? 
  one possible answer is because the tech start up advertises that it only views women as sexy things to look at , through examples like this . 
  no wonder a female applicant might go `` erg , no thanks '' and no apply . 
   that 's more a consequence of extreme gender imbalance . 
  i have family who are in nursing and i know my kids babysitters pretty well . 
  both have had parties with male strippers . 
  ok , but ( for example ) has the hospital paid for the male strippers at a nurses conference ? 
  that 's what the tech companies are doing . 
  it 's totally not the same thing . 
  there is `` equal '' in the sense that `` we ( society/the community/the state/etc . ), 
  give everyone the same amount '' , which means those that need more get the same as those who need less , and hence those who need more wind up behind . 
  and there is `` equal '' in the sense that `` people will be able to fulfil their own potentials to the same degree , without one person/group being hobbled and limited ( when others are n't ) with unrelated things '' . 
  you are right in that your suggestion `` gives everyone the same amount '' , however it can wind up with some people not having an equal chance . 
  after all , if a child is blind , is it equal to spend extra money in school to make them books in braile ? 
  surely it 's more equal to spend the same amount per child ? 
  but then the blind child does n't have as equal a chance to shine . 
  what if someone missed several years of school due to bad family situtation ? 
  is it equal to spend more on them in one year ( in extra teachers etc. ), 
  to help them catch up ? 
  the point is that the healthy ( those who need more help ) sacrifice a little ( money ) in order to help those who need more help , so that everyone has the same chances , and to stop the unlucky from suffering too much from their bad luck . 
  likewise , rules like `` you must pay people who take maternity leave '' , is a way to say `` i know women will not be able to work as much as men , so we should all pay a little bit more so that we can give it to those who need it '' .
