perhaps . 
  but a politician coming out , especially in the east , will get blow back , not matter the timing . 
  there is almost never a best time . 
  there is a long history of the irish being the victims of racism like this , especially in england . 
  it 's a shame that many irish people are racist against immigrants to ireland now ( eg hundreds rioting to get rid of roma within the last few weeks , talk to any white irish taxi driver about african taxis drivers , look into irish travellers ) . 
  it 's a shame irish people have n't learnt . 
  this is not ok and is racism . 
  there were and are catholic non drinking groups , e.g. 
  the pioneers, 
  plenty of young people in ireland drink a lot . 
  it 's just that there 's very little jobs in ireland , so so many young people have left . 
  so are the irish, 
  stop raining on our parade . 
  there are people who did that sort of thing 10 years ago . 
  e. g. sarah brown in the uk transitioned to female about 10 years ago and remained married to her wife . 
  you 'd be surprised at how strong some relationships . 
  really warms your heart . 
  cue ? 
  same thing is happening in ireland . 
  a generation emigrating, 
  it 's good for conservatives . 
  all those young people will the radical ideas have left and ca n't cause problems . 
  you 'll never know what your country does best until you 've been away from it . 
  uk has a long history of taking countries without asking . 
  get used to it . 
  is n't that how it is now ? 
  if it 's legal now , why would n't it be legal later ? 
  ireland pegged the irish pound to the uk pound until the 1970s as far as i know . 
  the powers that be are steering will to take over when lizzie dies . 
  there has n't been a real debate on uk membership of the eu yet , only the anti eu side . 
  when/if there 's a referendum , all the big political parties will do a real campaign , and people will realise the benefits to membership , and there will then be people who are in favour of it, 
  it put it to bed for a generation . 
  politicians only thing know short term . 
  aside from same sex marriage , none of those issues were contentious , and none of them would have radically changed anything . 
  the government/politicans have to call the referendum . 
  the people ca n't . 
  although lots of people favour relaxed abortion laws , they do n't care that much . 
  in ireland if you want an abortion you can ( legally ) go to the uk and get one there . 
  so for loads of people , they already have access to abortion , so it is n't much of an issue . 
  the main groups affected are people very sick ( like savita ) or expats without the legal ability to travel ( like in this case ) . 
  the anti-choice groups are well funded ( by americans ) , dedicated and hard core . 
  politicians , in general the world over , want to avoide controversy . 
  it 's much safer for them to do nothing and keep their head down . 
  although lots of people favour relaxed abortion laws , they do n't care * that much * . 
  in ireland if you want an abortion you can ( legally ) go to the uk and get one there . 
  so for loads of people , they already have access to abortion , so it is n't much of an issue . 
  the main groups affected are people very sick ( like savita ) or expats without the legal ability to travel ( like in this case ) . 
  the anti-choice groups are well funded ( by americans ) , dedicated and hard core . 
  politicians , in general the world over , want to avoide controversy . 
  it 's much safer for them to do nothing and keep their head down . 
  the government has to do it . 
   at least in theory politicians should be spending their time learning about the issues they 're voting on . 
  in practice they do n't . 
  which was a total talking shop . 
  it was a way for fine gael to ignore same-sex marriage for a few years after getting elected in 2011 . 
  there were numerous referenda about lots of important things ( like judges pay , special i-cant-believe-this-isnt-a-court , rights of children etc ) , where as the consitutional convention was stuck with teeny issues like `` should the presidental term be 5 years instead of 7 ? '', 
  the doctors did in fact decide that she was suicidal , so she should have been allowed to have an abortion . 
  remember the law has no time limit . 
  this should have been covered by the x case . 
  there is a loud and vocal * minority * opposed to abortion . 
  opinion polls have constantly shown people support more access to abortion . 
  but the politicians are scared . 
  do n't worry guys , the irish government wo n't stand up to this or cause a fuss . 
  they really really want to be see to be creating/promoting jobs . 
  jobs jobs jobs jobs . 
  it 's all about jobs . 
  if you can make a press release about creating jobs all the better . 
  last thing the irish government wants is a press release saying jobs are leaving ireland . 
  when dell moved a manufacturing plant a few years ago the head of government ( taoiseach ) got involved and talked to mr dell . 
   people in ireland make a big deal about our sovereignty , hopefully this will be seen as a threat to it not a chance . 
  people care much more about jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs than they do about stuff like this . 
   the eu laws do not even have a provision for a country exiting the euro that 's a nonsense reason . 
  laws can be written . 
  there are thousands of legislators and lawyers . 
  if you want , you can write the law . 
  in a way you could include ireland amoung them . 
  sinn fein has won a few seats in ireland . 
  of course , there 's a terrorist organistiaon , so they ai n't really nice . 
  they are technically economically left , but also very concerened with nationalism , so left with a hint of right . 
  eh , even `` irish gaelic '' is n't used in ireland , and marks you out as a foreigner . 
  we just say `` irish '', 
  no , it 's call irish by everyone in ireland , and is referred to as irish in all legal and official things . 
  the only people who say gaelic are people from the uk or usa . 
  it 's gaeilge in irish . 
  like how german is deutsch in german . 
  the official , legal name of it in ireland is irish , so yeah i think the real name of it is irish , not gaelic . 
  sure it 's quite possible it could be made up , and as someone who 's very pro-choice and seen the outright lies from anti-choicers i 'm well aware of it . 
  it 's just that they could have lied better . 
  so i dunno ... 
  no , some abortions do happen in irish hospitals and have done for decades . 
  a lot depends on how you define the world `` abortion '' . 
  various anti-abortion campaign groups like to claim that the intent of the procedure can make something not an abortion . 
  that if you really intend to save a woman 's life and terminate a pregnancy that it 's not a * real * abortion . 
  but it 's all those sluts who do n't want to accept responsibility for their sins , * those * are abortions . 
  which is silly . 
  an [ ectopic pregnancy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ectopic_pregnancy ) is a potentially fatal condition , and the treatment is `` terminate the pregnancy '' , however anti-abortion campaigners do n't call that an `` abortion '' . 
  i ca n't remember where it was ( maybe the abc v ireland echr judgement , or the un upr of ireland 's human rights ) , but the state admitted that they do n't keep records of how many ectopic pregnancies are treated that way ( instead lumping it in with ` pregnancy complications ' or something ) , so it was n't possible to actually say how many ` abortions ' / ` terminations of pregnancy ' there were . 
  perhaps . 
  you 're right , those numbers are * very suspicious * . 
  yeah they are .
