  one for all and all for one . 
   cis ? 
  cis gender is to trans gender what homosexual is to heterosexual . 
  ( i.e. 
  `` cis gender '' is the opposite of `` trans gender '' )  women seem far less interested in the massive uncertain & rejection fest that is high tech entrepreneurship ( basically : where you have to beg for money from vcs ) there is also some evidence of sexism in high tech start ups ( e.g. 
  `` perks : women '' being listed as tech conferences , booth babes at trade shows , etc. ), 
  gender , race , etc. 
  * is * a roll of the dice . 
  people are born into it , you do n't really get to choose . 
  so why not apply the same rules ? 
  yes that 's true , and i agree in principle . 
  however , from the statistics , i 'm not sure that 's what 's actually happening . 
  if that 's not what 's happening , we need to change it . 
   but as less men want to be nurses for whatever reasons one potential reason is because some men might see it as `` weak '' , `` effeminiate '' , an `` woman 's job '' , a `` gay job '' , `` pansy '' etc. 
  this means men who could be good nurses are not able to enter that profession , some men might not want to put up with the social stigma , jokes from friends & family , and shy away from it . 
  this is wrong . 
  remember , sexism and strict gender roles can affect men too , and tell a man that he should n't do things that he wants to do . 
  this is wrong . 
  as to standards , well it depends if men are not doing it because they think it 's a `` girly job '' ( the wrong reason ) , or they are not good at it . 
  if men are not doing it for the wrong reasons , it follows that some men could be good nurses are not becoming nurses , and the bar for women might hence be lower . 
  putting in a quota ( for men ) , might result in * better * nurses . 
  agreed . 
  if i 'm wrong , tell me how . 
  let 's have a constructive conversation . 
   if it really harms the business , then all businesses wont do it consistently that assumes businesses always do what 's best for them . 
  this is consistantly not the case . 
  for a long time , businesses actively discriminated against people based on gender , race & religion . 
  why did they do it then ? 
  because they were stupid . 
  maybe they are still being a little bit stupid now . 
  ( likewise for a long time ( and even now ) , people smoke knowing it 's bad for them , etc. ) . 
   until you provide conclusive evidence that gender ( and racial ) gaps are caused by discrimination , and not difference in ability , laws like this are potentially harmful . 
  can you prove that differences in gender & race are due to inherent ability ? 
  if not , then the * absence * of laws of laws like this are potentially harmful . 
  right now , i 'm prepared to err on the side of caution and claim that differences are most likely due to discrimination ( not ability ) , due mostly to the long history of actual discrimination , and the lots of things that people thought were due to ability that are clearly not ( e.g. 
  women are actually able to do maths , something people thought was due to inability ), 
  it harms the business * and * the women who miss opportunities . 
  i 'm rarely keen on legislating to help businesses from making bad decisions , but we definitly should legislate to help people being discriminated against . 
  yes , in professionals with historically lower level of men ( nurses say ) , then we should have quota levels like this aswell . 
  nope , it 's not the same for straight white christian cis males . 
  that 's the easiest difficulty setting in western countries . 
  and it 's not just the people in position of power , but people working their way up . 
  people at the bottom who are female might be getting more abuse than the men , and this could get rid of them and explain why there is a difference at the top . 
  wait , so you 're saying that it 's * good * if there 's widespread discrimination against a people since it 's a way to tell if they are good at their jobs ? 
  nonsense !, 
  bullying and `` snide comments '' are not something that 's `` good for people '' , it 's not something that workplaces should have or encourage . 
  why stop there ? 
  why not blindfold all executives ? 
  they should be able to operate under those extreme situations ? 
  why not dope them up and make them sleepy all the time ? 
  surely they should be able to operate when half asleep , right ? 
  we do n't do these things , because forcing people to under go hardship trials like this is not good for business . 
  sorry , but you 're wrong . 
   laws should only be used to address problems that absolutely can not be addressed without them . 
  i disagree , and do n't think laws should be the `` absolute last case tool '' . 
  citation needed . 
  `` common sense '' told people that the world was the centre of the universe , africans were stupid , women could n't do abstract reasoning , women would get hysterical and start crying in high pressure situations . 
  maybe you 're right , and maybe this is another case of nonsense like the above examples . 
  do you have an * actual evidence * ? 
  but would n't * not * legislating for it cause collateral damage ? 
  what if the 2nd woman is incredibly talented ? 
  is n't the collateral damage from * not legislating * just as bad as the colleratal damage from legislating ? 
  yes . 
  we do it all the time . 
  people who are rarely sick pay extra to support people who need a lot of medical care . 
  i do n't want to live in an `` every person for themself '' world . 
  you may want to . 
   this law would make it a legal requirement that  10 % of companies be run by people of substandard ability . 
  perhaps . 
  but with the current situation of 13:87 female : male , then there would be a high percentage of companies ( not sure how to do the maths ) run by people with substandard ability . 
  surely that means this law would improve things , and hence should be embraced ? 
  just because something is hard to legislate for does n't inherently mean there should be no legislation for it . 
  ( depending on your country 's morals ) , if something needs legislation , you should legislate for it . 
  if there is a problem that could be fixed with laws , then why not try to fix it with laws ? 
   it is the ability that causes the promotion so long as there is no discrimination . 
  there might be discrimination against women ( there 's been a history of it ) . 
  how do we know if there is a discrimination or not ? 
  perhaps i mispoke . 
  often when one says `` minorities '' it means `` groups of people who are in a minority in this case '' . 
  sawing `` women are ~ 50 % of human population '' does not answer the claim that '' ... there 's a lot of lies that get peddled around about laws that protected people in a minority group in this context '' . 
  citation needed . 
  did you just pick something that seperates males & females and presume that * must * be the cause ? 
  why pregnancy ? 
  maybe it 's partially pregnancy . 
  what percentage effect does pregnancy have ? 
  compare that to the observed figures , does pregnancy explain all of the difference ? 
  sounds fishy . 
  got a source ? 
  there 's a lot of lies that get peddled around about laws that protect minorities . 
  because it might be a sign of sexism at work ? 
  either there is a lot of difference in how men & women can work or there is n't . 
  if there is n't , then companies & the economy is being harmed by a possible sexism problem which leads to them not getting access to the best people ( some of which are female ) . 
  but what if you do n't really know the causes ? 
  how can you legislate for that ? 
  what if there are a million little straws that are the causes ? 
  should there be a million little laws ? 
  what if the cause ( s ) are different in different industries , or even different countries ? 
  one advantage of laws like this that i like is that the government ( s ) do n't have to try to figure that out , each individual company/organisation has to figure out . 
  really ? 
  i 'm gay cause cocks are cool .
