  manslaughter ) could happen if you had no ill intent or meant no harm . 
  and this does n't work the other way . 
  the state sometimes commits crimes , does the state give up it 's right to rule and make law ? 
  teenagers bully teenagers . 
  we should stamp out all bullying . 
  kenny 's got the personality of a plank of wood . 
   there are no examples in modern uk of christians trying to set up their own courts where they judge people according to the bible . 
  well debatable . 
  courts , not really , however various chrisitians do not want to obey the law if they law is designed to protect some minorities , like homosexuals . 
  nick griffin , mep and leader of the far-right british nationalist party , did threaten ( on twitter ) that a `` british justice team '' would call around to a gay couple who won an anti-discrimination case against a bnb . 
  ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/oct/18/bnp-nick-griffin-address-gay-couple )  especially so , if you do it in the name of religion ( any religion ) , in a secularist country . 
  the uk * does * have an established church . 
  same in ireland . 
  there 's a large history of irish people emigrating ( look at all the irish-americans ) . 
  there are loads of young irish people in australia now . 
  fellow irish person here . 
   eliminating pay rises for senior civil servants is considered unconstitutional yes and no . 
  breaking previous contracts is hard , constitutionally , due to the rule of law . 
  ( contracts can be broken if it 's not in the `` public interest '' to keep the , ) that 's why public servants who retired on big pensions are tricky to get money back from . 
  however the * main * reason ( any ) public sector pay has n't been changed is because the government has agreed to not change it ( this is the croke park agreement ) , or to fire anyone . 
  in exchange the public sector unions will agree to put up with anything else the government wants ( like moving people around , reducing working hours , raise income taxes for everyone , cut social welfare ) and * not * go on strike . 
  the croke park agreement has nothing to do with the constitution , the governemt is just sticking to it . 
  aswell as your norway/scandanavia , just look at britain/england , or the term `` british isles '' . 
   by the way , catalonia should n't even be considered spain ( the roman hispania ) geographically , the isthmus of the iberian peninsula ( hispania ) is located south catalonia , not across the pyrenees . 
  check the definition of isthmus and do the measuring before arguing , you 'll have a surprise . 
  i dunno if that 's the case or not , but imo it does n't matter . 
  that was more than 1,500 years ago , and is a silly reason to base modern political boundaries on that . 
  yes the definition of a `` country '' is a very complex one . 
  even the uk government says that england and wales are different countries , but part of the same state . 
  if ye say they are different countries , then fair enough . 
  however there is a big difference between spain/catalonia and spain/portugal on the international/world stage . 
  spain has a un seat , portugal aswell . 
  catalonia does n't . 
  likewise ireland has a un seat , uk has a un seat . 
  wales does not , england does not . 
  in this way , ireland/uk is more like spain/portugal than spain/catalonia , england/uk , wales/england . 
  i 'm not trying to be mean or a dick , and if i came off that way , i apologise . 
  i was merely trying to be clear , since there 's a chance the original poster was not a native english speaker , and nuance might be lost . 
  i was also ensuring that they did n't have misconception that the uk included ( republic of ) ireland , which is something i 've seen people ( mistakenly ) think . 
  agreed . 
  `` british isles '' used to be used historically to refer to uk & ireland . 
  but it 's not used in ireland , and even the bbc says `` british isles and ireland '', 
  ireland and the uk . 
  there is no short name . 
  it 's like asking what the correct short name for france and italy is . 
  it 's `` france and italy '', 
  ireland and the uk are about as much the same country as spain and portugal . 
  scotland , wales , england and northern ireland are the uk . 
  ireland is not in the uk . 
  this is n't a `` catalonia is not spain '' thing , this is a `` italy is not spain '' thing . 
  if you say uk , it excludes ireland ( republic of ) . 
  dublin , the capital of ireland , ( for example ) is in ireland , it is * not * in the uk . 
  dublin is part of the eu and is an english speaking city . 
   the uk is the only english speaking country in europe er ... what ? 
  ireland ? 
  they could have , but if there is another body looking in from outside with a set of requirements , you might get more done, 
  but there * are * actual racists around ... 
  i think this is great . 
  yes young men are statistically more likely to claim more than young women , but that 's now how equality law works . 
  young women are statistically more likely to take maternity leave than young men , but we do n't allow different salary rates to compensate for that !, 
  many men essentially subsidize salary of women who take maternity leave , because as a society we 've decided that 's a better thing to happen than to pay women less . 
  likewise , in this case young women will probably be subsidizing young male drivers . 
  that is not how ( equality ) law works . 
  makes it easier to keep track of reddits, 
  and taxes . 
  this assumes that the market is always right and always comes up with the best solution . 
  i do not believe this to be true . 
  but right now if i 'm a vodafone customer and go to another eu country , i have to pay roaming rates !, 
  that 's mad !, 
  some countries ( i think germany ) are wary of popular , direct votes , because that 's how hitler came to power . 
  agreed , i 'd like to see some sources on this . 
  unless the person means `` immigration within the eu '' . 
  which makes as much sense as saying `` nevada is swamped with immigrants from california ! '', 
   very good synopsis . 
  just want to say a personal thanks for referring to travelers as an ethnic minority . 
  it 's insane the amount of racism against travellers . 
  when an irish woman won gold at the olympics at the boxing , irish people were up in arms when a newspaper made jokes about `` fighting irish '' . 
  when an irish man won bronze in the olympics , irish people made loads of jokes about travellers stealing the silver etc. 
  hypocritical double standards . 
   regarding the eastern europeans that have moved to ireland , there is a huge amount of inter-marriage between the irish and eastern europeans ( probably because lets face it they 're much better looking than us ) . 
  i do n't expect that it will matter much with the next generation another factor with eastern europeans & irish is that many polish people are ( a ) catholic ( b ) white and ( c ) like to drink a lot . 
  this is close to irish people , so they fit in better , and can also convince irish people that they are n't racist because they know & like some polish people . 
  i can answer about ireland . 
  ireland is probably in a unique case because for a long time ireland was quite poor , and ireland had lots of emmigration , not immigration . 
  just think of all the irish-americans in the usa . 
  however from th mid 1990s to mid 2000s ireland became wealthy and then people wanted to move * in * , which is better than the days when lots of people had to leave . 
  so there are some people with black skin in ireland , but the vast majority of them would be actual recent migrants from african countries ( the plurality of them are from nigeria , so many irish people think they are all nigerians ) . 
  there is a lot of undercurrent of verbal racism here against africans . 
  lots of taxi drivers are very annoyed at africans . 
  many people think all africans/nigerians are scammers and crooks . 
  it 's terrible . 
  \u2639 africans , though , are not a large percentage of the non-native ( or `` non-national '' ) population . 
  there are loads of people from uk ( which has it 's own set of historical baggage ) , and many many people from eastern europe ( yay for expansion of the eu ! ) . 
  the attitude towards eastern europeans ( and polish people who make up a large percentage of eastern europeans ) , would be mixed . 
  however in your case , people 'll quickly figure out you 're an american ( y' know when you talk ) , and will probably but you in the `` american '' mental box , not `` african '' mental box . 
  ireland does record nationality and ethnicity on census forms ( nationality figures from 2006 http://census.cso.ie/census/tableviewer/tableview.aspx?reportid=77138 ethnicity http://census.cso.ie/census/tableviewer/tableview.aspx?reportid=77140 census 2011 figures are being prepared and are n't released yet ) . 
  a lot of the employment law is eu law , so it would be similar all across the eu , meaning uk , ireland etc will have similar . 
  i suppose one difference between the usa is that you have `` white '' and then `` black '' ( amoung others ) , whereas there are lots of things in eu that would count as racism but would be between 2 white people ( to an american ) . 
  mostly cause europe has split into various differnet countries with various different ethnic identities and there has been a history of not hiring people from over there \u2122 . 
  another irish difference , is that ireland has an ethnic minority called travellers .
