  scotland had its own legal system ( it 's a civil law system like the rest of europe and unlike england 's common law system ) it has it 's own established church which is different to from england 's established church , etc. 
  other countries that are made up other bits jointed together have clear legal constitutions and definitions of what is what . 
  the uk is odd cause it has no written constitution . 
  they have to pretend that things work in a fair way rather than from `` political background deals '' and `` realpolitik '', 
  and the opt out for some parts of the european working time directive . 
  and the uk is n't in the euro . 
  it 's a euroskeptic myth trotted out time explain why , if the eu is so bad , other countries want to be in it . 
  they have to pretend that the eu that the uk is in is not the same as what other countries are in . 
  if you bought a car in december 2010 , you 'd get a `` 10-d - ... '' licence plate . 
  a few weeks later , all cars get `` 11-d - ... '' . 
  you car ( which is a few weeks old ) now looks as old as a car that 's 1 year old . 
  this discourages sales in the end of the year . 
  i think that 's quieted down a bit . 
  though irish politicians keep claiming to be workin on reducing the national debt ( some sort of ` forgive the debt ' thing ), 
  and this is why the 12 1/2 % corporate tax rate is a sacred cow and will not be touched by irish politics . 
  it brings in too many jobs . 
  not taxs , jobs . 
  and many times the ecthr has found * against * the uk and now the uk are fully in support of the new way . 
  in 1980 , the ecthr ruled that part of the uk ( northern ireland ) could no longer ban homosexuality . 
  ( yes it used to be illegal to have gay male sex ) . 
  the vast majority of the uk population think homosexuality should not be illegal and hence agree with the ecthr ,, 
  no , the uk state bailed out the irish state to protect uk banks . 
  it was n't some `` europe forced us ! '', 
  job , it was protecting uk banks . 
  regardless of law , it 's just wrong !, 
  how do you expect people to make good complex decisions then !, 
  ( and uk is not alone , ireland also changes its mind about whether or not doctors can work really long shifts ), 
  no the uk state , the uk banks were investing in irish banks . 
  irish banks go bust means uk banks might be affected . 
  if uk state lends irish state money to bail out irish banks , then uk banks are ok . 
  in irish policital parlance , these are the `` bondholders '' who held irish or irish bank bonds . 
    membership of the european union requires the working hours of british hospital doctors to be set in brussels irrespective of the views of british parliamentarians and practitioners . 
    cameron would like to lift safe hours from the eu for our doctors - a profession that works hard enough already . 
  remember what 's at stake here . 
  junior doctors ( not senior ) are expected to work 24 or 36 hour shifts . 
  that 's ** 1 1/2 ** day shifts . 
  they might be able to catch some shuteye for a few hours . 
  ( junior doctors go along with it because they get some money and they know they only have to do it for a few years then they 're on easy street ) . 
  how good do you think the medical care will be like if you 're talking to a doctor who has been awake for the last 48 hours ? 
  pretty sure a lot of uk banks had a lot invested in irish banks which would be wiped out if the banks were let fall . 
  what 's the source of these ? 
  are these an actual proposal ? 
  i suspect not since ( a ) it includes a $ 5 which is n't in circulation and ( b ) it has changed the front of the coins , and made them british . 
  that should n't be . 
  yes they ( all ) finally got in in the 70s . 
  or the eu is the driving force . 
  eu was set up as a massive free trade zone , and it was very benefitial to all the countries involved . 
  why do you think the uk et al. 
  wanted in back in the 70s ? 
  remember the uk is not the same size as the eu . 
  picture the negotiation room . 
  eu walks in and says `` we have 500 million people and a gdp of about $ 15trillion , wan na trade with us ? '' . 
  that 's a strong negotating hand . 
  now imagine the uk were to leave and try on their own , it would be like this : `` we have 60 million people and a gdp of $ 2trillion '' . 
  not as strong a hand . 
  so the question is n't `` could n't the uk get it 's own deals ? 
  '' , the question is `` could the uk get a better deal if it pitches in with the eu ? '', 
  in the study they made a fake cv for a science student and applied for science jobs in universities . 
  the people judging the job application were professional scientists . 
  they sent 65ish with the name john , 65ish with the name jennifer . 
  every other detail was the same . 
  john was offered more money then jennifer and was offered more mentoring . 
  this is nothing about scientists preferring scientists , this is about scientists preferring male scientists over female scientists * with every other detail kept the same * . 
  this is sexist . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  there has been lots of scientific research into this , and there are still a lot of biases around . 
  ( e.g. 
  http://www.pnas.org/content/109/41/16474.full this is a proper peer-reviewed scientific study showing that scientists are sexist towards hiring science students ), 
  this is probably why the government is getting involved . 
  force all applications to be anonymous . 
  there are literally more pandas in scotland than conservative mps . 
  a few years of conservative led budget cuts will probably increase the chance that scottish people would want independence . 
  it 's been cancelled as far as i know . 
  there are other countries in the eu beside the uk who have english as an official language ( e.g. 
  ireland ) . 
  i assure you , ireland has some hard to understand english accents too . 
   have you been to eastern europe or the balkans ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  balkans , yes . 
  english is decent enough there . 
  if not english , a bit of german goes a long way aswell . 
  is n't english essentially the lingua franca now ? 
  i do n't think the eu is against an independent scotland ... one eu member state ( uk ) directly affected has agreed to allow them to vote on independence . 
  some people do support an indendepent kosovoa * and * independent scotland , etc. 
  ( e.g. 
  i do ) . 
  do you have examples of these `` double standards '' people ? 
   when you get fired for `` no reason '' it 's called being `` laid-off '' we use that term here aswell ( to mean fired & redundancy ) . 
  however if you 're fired , then the employer has to say why they fired you , and it can not be for trivial things . 
  if you 're `` made redundant '' then that means they are getting rid of your job , they ca n't hire someone to do the same job for a while at a minimum . 
   well we have laws about discriminating based on gender , religion and race/ethnicity ( sexuality is still unfortunately fair game ) as far as i know of the usa legal system ( and i do n't know a lot ) , is n't there a lot of differences amoung states and state vs federal employers etc. 
  here the anti-discrimination applies eu-wide , to governments , private employers , even who a caf\u00e9 serves . 
   i 'm still not legally entitled to anything though . 
  ye need more socialism . 
  you can often seen that at any protest in ireland . 
  for irish tv , i must recommend father ted . 
  it was produced and first shown in the uk , but is set in ireland , has irish actors & writers and the external scenes scenes are in ireland . 
  it is a satire of ireland by the irish . 
  people in the uk think it 's a funny tv show . 
  people in ireland think it 's a hilarious tv show that has lots of irish references .
