  we have to remember that information , knowledge and technological advancement is what made our relatively gender equal society possible , not the other way around . 
  i do n't think technological & industrial progress results in a lot of equality . 
  think of the world of 1900 , lots of class , gender , religious and racial/ethnic discrimination . 
  and yet they were ~ 150 years of industrialisation , with new wonders of the world being discovered all the time , and massive riches never seen before , and new scientific discoveries being made all the time and had been for hundreds of years . 
  how do you explain how the world of 1900 had so much technological advancement and yet so much inequality ? 
   she would be free to move wherever she wants . 
  the government should never guarantee perfect living conditions wherever you want to live . 
  in fact the government should n't guarantee perfect living conditions anywhere . 
  this is n't black or white . 
  implying that anyone who wants basic standards of living is demanding the impossible of `` perfect living conditions '' is misleading . 
  there is a big difference between `` demanding perfect living conditions '' ( which no-one demands ) and `` demanding a basic , low standard of living conditions '' . 
   it would indeed be nicer if they found a different way to do it , currently it just really penalizes people like me who actually drive sensibly . 
  so , what do you think of this new law ? 
  it seems to benefit you , and might in the medium term result in ways you can prove you drive sensibly , reducing your premium . 
   it 's putting up legislation to fight a social problem . 
  yes we do that all the time . 
  murder is a crime , speeding is a crime , drink driving is a crime . 
  i do n't see a problem with ( in theory ) `` legislation to fight a social problem ''  like i said before its where you draw the line ... what does this even mean ? 
  is this a `` slippery slope '' argument ? 
   the private sector should be able to discriminate however they want and to whatever degree they want . 
  that 's something i disagree on . 
  that used to be the law / socially acceptable , and the end result was that lots of classes of people had poor quality of life . 
    what if ( say ) you 're a woman and all the shops nearby have a `` no women '' rule ? 
  eating is not optional , so should it be legal to essentially , de facto have it really hard to get for women ? 
   sounds like really good business to open a store , welcoming both genders , in that area ... ;-) so what happens if no-one has opened a shop in that area , or there are n't enough women to support a shop there ? 
  our hypothetical woman now has no-where to buy food . 
  what then ? 
  do we mandate that if there are only `` men-only '' shops within an area that that 's illegal ? 
  do we mandate that `` men only '' shops are only legal if there are enough shops that a woman can go to ? 
  what 's the suggestion ? 
   from a business perspective it seems reasonable that the pay could differ a little bit because of the leave . 
  if someone can not be relied on it seems just natural to reduce remuneration . 
  however , that is illegal . 
  if you are in charge of employees , you should not follow this course of action , since it is against the law . 
   ( or they chose ? 
  i ca n't remember ) they ca n't choose anymore . 
  that 's the point . 
   it made sense statistically , no one really argued . 
  yes it was statistically accurate decision . 
  however that 's not the point . 
  there are many statistically accurate decisions that a company could make ( like `` do n't hire her , she 'll probably go off an have a baby in a year , hire the man '' ) which are illegal . 
   it is now `` equal '' , as in women pay the same as men . 
  i like the idea of being treated equally , but in this case it really is just unfair . 
  yep , that 's almost certainly what 'll happen for a while . 
  however one hopes insurance companies will come up with better ways ( not based on gender ) to sort the good drivers from the bad . 
  advanced driving tests . 
  the advantage this way is that a good male driver will have a chance of getting the good rate , and a bad female driver will be unable to hide amoung the female drivers and get the good rate . 
  yes ish . 
  the eu requires many legal standards , and one is protecting gay rights . 
  when there was a lot of violence at a gay pride parade in belgrade about 10 years ago , it put serbia 's accession to the eu in doubt . 
  however the eu is currently fine with some discrimination against same sex couples . 
  many eu countries do no allow same sex couples to marry , and the eu is fine with that . 
   i feel like this is the premise for the whole of the eu yes , fighting for social justice is one of the aims of the eu . 
   with inevitably unintentional hilarious/disastrous consequences . 
  i dunno , it 's kinda nice to get rid of discrimination ... 
  yes and no . 
  no , because it does n't have a written constitution ( like ireland or usa ) which lists how the state works and what the powers of it are and what power the parliaments have etc. 
  you can not list the first line ( or first article or first chapter ) of the uk constitution , in the same way you can for ( say ) ireland . 
  yes , because the power of parliament sorta is defined , and the process of making laws is defined ( commons \u2192 lords \u2192 monarch ) and the court system is defined . 
  because when people were allowed do that sort of logic , it resulted in a society that many people did n't like , such as women essentially being kept in the home raising kids , with very little choice about it . 
   why it is always about women not men ? 
  this law delibrately means women will have to pay more , the same as men ... 
  ageism is illegal in many cases . 
  but i think ( alas ) that it is legal in some forms of insurance . 
  i thought the point is that the uk does n't have a constitution . 
  i 'll point out that there are countries with a common law legal system * with * a constitution : ireland . 
  yes , it probably is happening . 
  that 's why countries are looking at laws mandating quotas . 
  clearly laws outright banning discrimination did n't completly solve the problem . 
   the average amount paid will rise because of incomplete pricing models because of this yes . 
  so there is now a financial incentive * for insurance companies to figure out accurate pricing models that do n't take gender into account * insurance companies that can reward safer drivers with lower premiums ( i.e. 
  attract women drivers ) will probably get more customers , i.e. 
  a financial incentive . 
   it 's where you draw the line yep , that 's why we draw the line at gender . 
  ( it 's also draw at race/ethnocity , maritial status , etc. ), 
  but some types of discrimination ( e.g. 
  `` our shop is located in london , so you ca n't come in if you live in rome '' ) is legally ok . 
  but some is n't . 
  `` you have no eyes so we 'll charge you more '' is legally ok . `` you 're a man , so we 'll charge you more '' is not legally ok . `` you 're not qualified to be a doctor ( you have no training ) so we wo n't hire you to be a doctor '' is legally ok . `` you 're a woman , so we wo n't hire you to be a doctor '' is legally not ok `` anti-discrimination law '' / `` equality law '' is not as general as one might think . 
  it 's not `` discrimination based on anything that 's not your fault is illegal '' , that 's not the law . 
  the law lists a few criteria ( one is gender ) , and says it 's illegal to discriminate based on that . 
  these criteria changes a lot ( e.g. 
  sexual orientation is probably the newest addition ) , and the criteria change based on each location ( ireland includes `` membership of the traveller community '' which other countries might not have ) . 
  equality law bans decisions based on statistically accurate decisions !, 
  the premise is that sometimes an accurate decisions is * bad * for society overall/eventually . 
  that 's how equality law works . 
  and equality law includes gender , so it makes sense to extend it to insurance . 
   honestly if it 's on your land and its your business , and if you want to exclude 50 % of your target customer base then i think you should be able to . 
  ok , do you think businesses should be allowed discriminate based on race/ethnicity or religion ? 
  why is it ok for a company to turn away women from a shop as a customer , but not ok for the company to turn them down from a job application ? 
  what if ( say ) you 're a woman and all the shops nearby have a `` no women '' rule ? 
  eating is * not * optional , so should it be legal to essentially , de facto have it really hard to get for women ? 
   in the usa you can not ( some exceptions apply , it 's not an outright ban ) use iq tests in recruitment . 
  that 's because companies were using flawed iq tests which discriminated against black people when it became illegal to outright discriminate against black people . 
  they were trying to continue to discriminate against black people without doing it openly . 
   so i think that the current laws are a stop gap measure until society sorts itself out . 
  totally agree . 
  it will take a long time ( imo ) for natural change to happen . 
  let 's speed it up . 
   but actually if you look at sweden you 'll see what true equality looks like you know sweden did n't happen from just removing barriers , but also from pro-active measures like this ?
