  all political parties have voluntary gender quotas for parliament . 
  fathers ca n't not take paternity leave ( i.e. 
  it ca n't all go to the mother ) , etc. 
  employment is just as optional as driving insurance imo . 
  driving insurance is legally required in order to drive . 
  what if you need to drive to work , or if your job requires that you drive ? 
  ( e.g. 
  taxi driver ? ), 
  different driving insurance for different genders means that male & female taxi drivers are n't equal . 
  there are lots of ways and lots of people for whom driving insurance is not optional . 
  every argument about `` employment should be based soley on merit '' hits up against the statistical correlations between genders . 
  and that 's been made illegal ( thankfully ) . 
  speaking of `` optional services offered by companies '' , what about laws making it illegal to not sell to one gender ? 
  do you think a pub saying `` men only '' should be legal ? 
  that 's how the irish private health insurance system currently works . 
   this is one of the better `` federal '' laws that the eu has come up with . 
  there are loads of court decisions ( which this is , not a law ) that were brilliant . 
  countries ca n't make homosexuality illegal any more for example . 
   well that 's certainly true , and should n't be encouraged . 
  sometimes if something is legal `` but not encouraged '' , you can have a situation where it becomes common and the standard , like discrimination based on sex for insurance . 
  so what do you do when `` encouragement '' fails ? 
  what does `` shoud n't be encouraged '' even mean ? 
  extra taxes if you do it one way ? 
   surely there are circumstances that require different treatment though , while respecting equal rights ? 
  well , like what ? 
  there are numerous ways you can legally discriminate based on gender . 
  some places have laws allowing you to restrict based on gender if you 're looking for a roommate , or have separate toilets based on gender . 
  some countries ( e.g. 
  uk ) have separate inheritance of the crown based on gender , when hiring actors to play a part , you 're allowed discriminate based on gender , or for sports . 
  there are also circumstances when there should not be different treatment based on gender , and i think this is one . 
  well , if you think it should be ok & legal to do this for the purposes of insurance , do you not think it should be ok & legal to do it with employment ? 
  to play devil 's advocate , surely employers should be allowed to use * all * factors when making a promotion decision ? 
  including gender ? 
  * ( ftr : i think society is better if they are n't allowed , i 'm curious what you think ) *, 
  it 's an established fact that women are much more likely ( compared to men ) to take time off , quite their job or request part time work when they have a child . 
  should an employer be allowed to use gender like that when deciding which employee should be promoted ? 
  no , that 's been illegal for decades . 
  because often `` treated differently '' means `` one is treated worse '' . 
  getting paid less , or being charged more is worse . 
   can someone clarify what personal traits are protected , and which ones are n't ? 
  it can depend and vary over time . 
  right now the commonly accepted ones are : gender , racial or ethnic origin , religion , nationality ( sorta ) , sexual orientation , age ( sorta ) , class , it 's not just `` things you have no choice over '' , because religion is often included . 
  it 's also complex because sometimes it 's ok to discriminate based on a thing in one context but not another ( many countries limit voting rights based on nationality , but will often make it illegal to discriminate based on nationality for employment law ) . 
  the main rules are all [ the treaties setting up & regulating the european union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaties_of_the_european_union ) and council of europe , as well as things like the [ european convention on human rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights ) , [ charter of fundamental rights of the european union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charter_of_fundamental_rights_of_the_european_union ) . 
  they do not just make things up . 
  the eu believes in , and promotes , the rule of law * ( which basically means you ca n't just make stuff up as you go along , you have to have it all written down first ) *, 
  do you support different pay for men & women ( for the same job ) ? 
  after all , women are more likely to take time off when they have a baby and more likely to quit their job when they start a family ? 
  `` same pay for same job '' with it being illegal to use gender to figure out chance of quitting when having a baby , has been illegal for decades . 
  this is brilliant . 
  women are more likely to take maternity leave , or stop working when they start a family than men , and yet it 's illegal to use that relevant statistics against them when deciding who to promote or how much to pay them . 
  likewise men are statistically more likely to cause a driving accident , but it 's ( now ) illegal to take that into account for figuring out what to charge them . 
  this is all the logical result of the idea that it is better that companies are forced to pay more for employees or that insurance customers are forced to pay more , than people get treated differently based on gender . 
  yes , equality . 
  not any more . 
  this ruling is not just about driving insurance , but all kinds of insurance . 
  so life assurance must be the same for all genders , even though women live longer . 
  they have nothing in common . 
  they are separate . 
  however they are 2 issues that fg and labour disagree on . 
  in a coalition government , parties do n't everything , but they have to ensure they get something . 
  i think labour would have pushed for marriage equality so that they could look like they did something in government , and because abortion is much more divisive and would have been harder to pass . 
  however once savita died , abortion became an topical issue , so labour now will do something about that . 
   i do n't see what savita has to do with that ... because the abortion issue suddenly came to the forefront of public attention . 
  i think if savita had n't died labour would be pushing for full marriage equality . 
  the cynic in me then asks why bother with a constitutional convention . 
  if savita had n't died , labour would be pushing that . 
  you 're right . 
  i heard that a year or so ago and stuck in my head . 
  the whole constitutional convention is a sham . 
  it 's just a way for fg to kick the can down the road and act like they are doing something without doing anything . 
  i bet $ 100 that the constitutional convention will recommend that there is a referendum on marriage equality . 
  that 's all that 'll happen . 
  they just want to stall , stall , stall . 
   gay marriage will be considered next year by the constitutional convention . 
  afaik constitutional convention will take about 5 years to report . 
  mitt romney and george w. bush have more liberal views on abortion than this . 
  they would allow abortion in cases of rape or incest , which this law would n't allow . 
  it was constitutionally legal , but the only law on abortion ( from 1860s ) made it illegal all the time , so doctors did n't know when it was or was n't legal . 
  it was constitutionally legal , but the only law on abortion ( from 1860s ) made it illegal all the time , so doctors did n't know when it was or was n't legal . 
  it was constitutionally legal , but the only law on abortion ( from 1860s ) made it illegal all the time , so doctors did n't know when it was or was n't legal . 
  aye , seems a bit off . 
  they have northern ireland as anglician , when it 's closer to presbyterian , like scotland . 
  and they should probably include some catholics in there . 
  he knew how to win an insurgency . 
  i 'm not really sympathetic partially because i 'm not really sure what the concerns actually * are * . 
  on one ha 've lots of right wing people opposed to the eu because they want employees to have less rights , more legalised discrimination against gays , women , and different ethnic people . 
  i do n't support that at all . 
  on the other hand , lots of people oppose a thing that they think is the eu , but is mostly nonsense . 
  people who think that bananas will be straightened and things like that . 
  often `` europe '' is blamed for many things in uk that are n't actually it 's fault . 
  when gillian mckeith had to stop selling pills that claimed to increase your sex life , without any evidence that they worked , she blamed `` law from europe to stop britons having sex '' . 
  ( and no , it 's good old english law that says that if you 're selling a drug , it has to work . 
  and rightly so ! ), 
  so there are loads of people in uk who have nonsense concerns about the eu, 
   i never said that , but my point stands that the echr is not related to the eu . 
  they are separate things . 
  agreed . 
  my point is that you ca n't just `` leave the eu '' to avoid echr . 
   also i 'm going to take this opportunity to add in the fact that you appear to be a dick .
