  pedantically yes , a leveller would be more like the republican party now . 
  conservatives have been getting more left wing all the time . 
  yes most eu governments are right wing in the european sense . 
  if they were in usa , they would be viewed as left wing . 
  the usa mainstream parties do n't have a left & right . 
  they have a centre right and far right, 
  or switzerland banning minarets, 
  i wish there was some rule when you made a `` personal pledge to do/not do something '' , that if you did n't do it/did it that you would have deemed to resign and there 'd have to be a byelection ... 
  sort of a `` contract with the people '' type thing . 
   saying they should n't have a referendum because they 'd choose the ` wrong ' option is an argument against democracy . 
  democracy does n't always work . 
  sometimes people are stupid . 
  well , where do you think rights come from ? 
  do you believe in the existance of human rights ? 
   is there ? 
  where does that right stem from ? 
  from the same place as all other rights . 
  each person is entitled to them purely from their existance , just like their right to life , to a fair trail , etc. 
  that 's my ethical/philosopical stance , others may have different ones . 
  that has n't been the case in reality . 
  we have limits on lots of things ( e.g. 
  10 year olds can not vote ) , but there has been no `` decent into despotism '' yet . 
  i was vageuly aware that there was n't a case actually about someone `` shouting fire in a crowded theatre '' , and that was an example of `` this sort of restrictions would be legal '' . 
  does that still hold ? 
  is `` shouting fire in a crowded theatre '' legal and protected speech in usa ? 
  if not , my point stands , that the usa draws lines and limits on free speech . 
  it is against the rules of reddit ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#ispostingpersonalinformationok ) to post personal information about reddit users on reddit . 
  `` doxxing '' means posting personal information about a person online , in the hope that they will them be subject to personal attacks or harassment . 
  this is relevant now to reddit , since a high profile reddit user that was involved with various * ahem * controversial subreddits was doxxed , some subreddits are banning the site that doxxed that redditor . 
  however posting personal information about people is ( i think ) legal , protect speech in the usa , this is an example of reddit having free speech rules that are less free than the usa . 
  posting personal information is most likely not legal , nor protected in the eu , since there is stronger privacy laws in eu . 
   always the same , people arguing against freedom of speech always use this fucking terrible example with absolutely no idea of the origin of the term . 
  care to elaborate what you mean then ? 
  lots of countries have this , partially to prevent the `` court of public opinion '' making a decision about someone before the actual courts have made their decision . 
  that 's another example of balanced right to free speech , but people have a right to a fair trial . 
  letting people publish what they want about a trial would infringe on people 's ability to receive a fair trial , however banning people publishing it would infringe their right to free speech ? 
  which is the better right to infringe ? 
  you can not allow both . 
  many countries have ( rightly imo ) decided that it 's better to infringe on people 's right to free speech rather than infringe on people 's right to a fair trial . 
  every country , including usa , sets limits on free spech . 
  in the usa , you have no right to speech that is false and alarming ( shouting fire in a crowded theatre ) , you have no right to libelous speech , you have no right to share military secrets etc. 
  reddit itself bans speech that is legal but their consider harmful , you can not out / `` doxx '' a reddit user . 
  you can doxx non-reddit people though . 
  eu law adds some extra restrictions , such as you have no right to speech that infringes on people 's privacy ( more or less ) , etc. 
  this is n't black & white . 
  all countries limit speech somehow . 
  it 's tricky to say when a country crosses the line and becomes a mad totalitarian regeime and when it 's a liberal democracy . 
  the issue is much more complex than `` if i ca n't take sexual photos of under age girls without their consent then we 're living in a totalitarian dictatorship !!! '', 
  one difference to remember is that in compromises over free speech vs other rights , the usa , both culturally and legally , tends to side very much on the side of free speech , whereas in eu the culture & law tends to sometimes side more with other rights . 
  so whereas people in the usa would say `` it 's their free speech rights that trump the rights of people to privacy and freedom from sexual molestation , so creepshots should be legal and you have to defend their right to say it '' , but in eu people might say `` the right to privacy and freedom from sexual molestation should override their right to free speech , and hence photos like that should be made illegal . '', 
   i like the ireland suggestion . 
  but it 's so expensive there ( i 'm using the pint index ) . 
  it depends . 
  prices have changed a little in ireland , due to the recession . 
  you might have old data . 
  within the uk ( like lots of countries ) , there is a bit of a regional variations . 
  lots of people in scotland would be insistant that scotland is different and better than england/london/south east of england . 
  even the north of england considers itself different from the south-east/london . 
  what about the uk do you not like ? 
  is it england ? 
  you could try scotland or wales ? 
  english is the mother tounge in ireland aswell . 
  it 's odd , but here in ireland , lots of people view halloween , not as an american import , but as an ancient irish holiday . 
  i have no idea if it is , but it 's not viewed as an american thing . 
  weird that . 
  no , ireland has n't really gone mad or anything . 
  traditionally ireland used to be very poor and * very * socially conservative , but the catholic church has lost political power over the last 20 years . 
  so there 's a current state of change . 
  no real mad racist parties or anything though . 
  great summary : http://findesomething.wordpress.com/2011/02/23/, 
   the closest thing to a far-right party ( sinn fein ) in ireland is in-fact nationalist left in irish politcs well , sinn f\u00e9in are sorta nationalistic and pro-ireland , anti-british , but they are technically economically left wing . 
  nationalise all the banks , tax the rich etc. 
  err steady on with the catholic-ness . 
  ireland is currently going through some social change , with the catholic church being much less powerful than previously . 
  abortions are easy to get if you go to the uk ( which is the `` irish solution '' ) . 
  arguing over `` christianity at it 's core '' and trying to say `` well * real * christianity is n't pro-slavery '' is silly . 
  no-one has agreed on what `` christianity really is '' . 
  wars have literally been fought over that . 
  christianity has changed . 
  islam will change . 
  depends . 
  some christians supported slavery , some christians opposed slavery . 
  to say that ( vast majority of ) christianity were anti-slavery is false . 
   prisoners have never had the right to vote in britain so it can not be removed , democratically or otherwise . 
  ah but rights change . 
  after all , women used to not have the right to vote , but now then it changed . 
  arguments from tradition are irrelevant . 
  if the uk signs up to the council of europe , then it has to stick with it . 
  or leave . 
  gay people used to not have the right to have gay sex , but then they did . 
  trans people used to not have the right to change their legal gender , but then they did . 
  prisoners used to not have the right to vote , but then they did . 
   they do give up their right to vote if the british people demand that this should be so . 
  pedantically , the uk ( like most countries ) is not a pure democracy . 
  in uk ( and various other countries , though moreso in countries with an actual constitution ) , democracy can not be used to remove rights via laws . 
  ah yes i suppose , you no longer entitled to * some * rights ... 
  damn catholics !, 
  no , people do n't give up their rights when they commit a crime . 
  it 's not legal to kill prisoners is it ? 
  also , some crimes ( e.g.
