  why is why westminster did n't want that , and instead there is only going to be one question on the scottish independence referendum . 
  you got ta negotiate . 
  northern ireland has massive divisions between nationalist and loyalist , but they can both agree on banning abortion . 
  it is very hard to get in northern ireland . 
  in fact the first proper abortion clinic only opened there about a year ago . 
  it 's only allowed in ni in the first 9 weeks to prevent the woman becoming a physical wreck . 
  much like ireland , women in northern ireland who want an abortion mostly just go to england . 
  there was a echr decision recently , but overwhelmingly the fact that someone * fucking died * probably did more to move the law forward on that regard . 
  we have a stupid horrible `` irish solution '' to it and outsource it to our former colonial masters ( uk ) while pretending we 're all pure ourselve.s, 
  decriminiation of homosexuality in ireland , along with equality and anti-discrimination law, 
  only if it 's symetric . 
  there are loads of eu countries with plenty of british migrants ( ireland , spain , etc. ), 
  ireland has 2 offical languages , irish ( first offical language ) and english ( second offical language ) . 
  the name of the country in english is `` ireland '' . 
  the name of the country in irish is '' \u00c9ire '' . 
  just like the last time it someone tried it, 
  maybe it 's too expensive to extract the oil from where it is in greece . 
   if a us state chooses to leave , there is no process for it to do so ; it would be a political crisis unless the federal level agreed to it i thought states could n't leave the usa . 
  that was what the us civil war was about , the fact that states could n't choose to leave . 
   nearly every european country has laws and agreements regarding that . 
   like that kid that got extradited for trial to the us from the uk because his site contained links to copyrighted material . 
   it 's bullshit . 
  that 's extradition . 
  and pretty much all extradition treaties require that the thing be illegal in both countries . 
   but who puts his cat into an oven ? 
  maybe at a really low heat ( 40 degrees ) ? 
  sure ? 
  it 's true . 
  it just means we 're not on ` economic life support ' and can get money from the regular money markets , as opposed to the ecb/imf . 
  large one-off fees are great when people are buying and selling property , or property does n't fall in value . 
  when that happened the government revenue stream suddenly dries up . 
  leading a deficit . 
   perhaps have your government levy taxes on property sales to make them less attractive ? 
  there used to be that . 
  it was called stamp duty and it was the worst thing ever . 
  it meant the government was getting lots of money from the buying and selling of houses . 
  so what happens when the property market collapses ? 
  massive fall in government revenue , i.e. 
  even if you ignore the debt issue , there was a massive income drop . 
  stamp duty has been simplified and reduced now . 
  wait , what ? 
  interest rate cuts and interest rate rises caused the property bubble ? 
  oh sure , it was n't very good economically or socially , but it * survived *, 
  ireland survived . 
  massive low corporate tax rate . 
  so many companies would move just over the border . 
  people can still live in the south of england and get the tax breaks . 
  it 'll happen when we 're all part of the united states of europe . 
   we would n't have the money to take them on at the moment , the uk gives them a lot of money the irish deficit is currently less than what the uk gives ni . 
  and it 's not exactly like ireland has a lot of money !, 
   what about northern irish ? 
  how different is that to an accent from , say , dublin ? 
  very different . 
  anyone in ireland would be able to tell the difference between a dublin and northern ireland accent . 
  though ( as a dubliner ) , i 'm not able to tell the difference between all the ulster accents , parts of ( republic of ) ireland are in ulster . 
  im sure people from there can figure it out . 
  one of the accents that comes from britain . 
  it could be a scottish accent , a cockney accent . 
  they are all british accents etc etc. 
  i am kinda shocked they do n't already have this ... also kinda suprised that people give out to ireland and a low corporate tax rate , claiming it damages other countries . 
  tbh i 'd rather have a low corporate tax rate , than a low or no minimum wage, 
  well the nazi 's did n't * just * use circumcision . 
  they also used census results . 
  which is why many countries in europe are legally prohibited from asking about race/ethnicity in a census . 
  yes , that 's actually starting to be a factor . 
  catholic migrants from mexico are unlikely to circumcise . 
  it can be funny sometimes when americans wonder how ( say ) the nazis were able to identify the jews . 
  jews , unlike christians would have been circumcised , but if you grow up in a society where many christians are circumcised , it would n't occur to you that this could be a factor . 
   used to be , anyway , circumcision rates are way down the past couple of years what i 've heard is that the majority of us penises are circumcised , but only a minority of new baby boys are circumcised . 
  oh i know , i was merely correcting the comment i was replying to . 
  the majority of us penii are circumcised afair . 
  what if someone just wants to do it for body-modification reasons ? 
  should we ban tattoos or piercings ? 
   bans all forms of non adult circumcisions . 
  circumcision * is * sometimes medically necessary . 
  that should remain legal . 
  totally agree . 
  your body , your choice . 
  want to get a piercing ? 
  fine . 
  want a tattoo ? 
  fine . 
  want a circumcision ? 
  fine . 
  for the record anyone from northern ireland ( part of the uk ) is entitled to irish citizenship . 
  not much of a problem now , since both ireland & uk are eu members . 
  ireland gives irish citizenship to anyone who 's grandparent is from ireland , even if you , or your parents have never been here . 
  oh i know , it is complex . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  the bug city capital vs rest of country is common in other countries, 
  but should the other people have got a vote ? 
  surely it affects oslo residents way more than non-oslo norwegians ? 
  canada could have enjoyed english government , french culture and american know-how . 
  instead , it would up with english know-how , french government , and american culture . 
  my comment was how the political parties have switched sides on the eu . 
  margalizing muslims * and * women !, 
  surely they are a progressive bastion of liberty . 
  sure they do . 
  they banned minarets !, 
   federal referenda are unconstitutional in belgium , for good reason .
