   the fact that they keep grammatical rules from you from the very beginning what 's the alternative ? 
  start forcing 8 year olds to learn grammer rules ? 
  fail them if they ca n't say what the genitive case is ? 
  that 's kinda my point . 
  if you asked 100 random native english speakers `` what are the rules for adjectives ? '', 
  they would n't be able to give a description like what you could . 
  so why complain when ( say ) an native irish speaker ca n't give you the pluralisation rules for irish ? 
  go for it !, 
  what 's wrong with the latter books ? 
   a friend of mine grew up on an island in a gaeltacht area and still is n't sure of all the rules of pluralisms of words . 
  course the same can be said of english if that 's your mother tounge . 
  english has oodles of weird grammer rules that people only know subconsciencously . 
  `` a small european country '' sounds right , but `` a european small country '' sounds wrong . 
  ( jrr tolkien found out that `` a green great dragon '' is wrong , but `` a great green dragon '' is right ) . 
  what 's the rule for that ? 
  it 's not very useful . 
   a failure to acknowledge the legitimacy of our constitution and the state 's official name as outlined therein ? 
  that was actually why the uk started using eire after the 1937 constitution . 
  because they did n't like the claim on the whole island . 
  dev , being a big gealgoir , supported it . 
  `` republic of ireland '' is not too bad . 
  it 's ok for common speech . 
  when refering to northern ireland and/or the whole island of ireland , it 's probably better to switch to `` republic of ireland '' when talking about the state , to be clear . 
  `` irish republic '' just sounds weird . 
  no-one really uses it in ( republic of ) ireland . 
  the fact that it was forgotten about for decade . 
  no , that 's not true . 
  the thread on / r/ireland explains how this is common practice for solicitors . 
  it does n't mean it is n't a real letter, 
  no , it 's common for solicitors . 
  the thread on / r/ireland explains it, 
  an erection is not consent . 
  i 'm a man with a penis , and that fucker can get erect when you do n't want it to . 
  especially younger men . 
  feminists can support raped men too !, 
  there was no lobbying, 
  i 've seen yes prime minister !, 
  the uk are very capable of making some good british bureaucracy ,, 
  remember after the payment iona claimed they 'd set up a trust with the money in memory of their member who was murdered just before it . 
  looks like breda spent her share on bills . 
  no , the op said the open borders give the far right a lot of power , so the op said we should do what the far right want and reduce immigration, 
  wait the only way to stop the far right groups is to give them exactly what they want ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm pretty sure pope frankie is hella opposed to transfer rights . 
  i do n't know what the advocate is like for trans issues . 
  i know there is a lot of t erasure in the lgb community , so i did n't want to contribute to that but pretending that the t was included when it was n't ... 
  well this is a much more lgb focussed case , and he was awarded it for lgb matters . 
  the reason they wo n't is because this takes place in france , which is not in the usa . 
  well the article says that :  mr stefanini served in the holy see as a deputy ambassador in the french embassy from 2001 to 2005 . 
  so it sounds like he has connections there , knows the ropes , and is familiar with the issues . 
  why * not * send him there ? 
  has the advocate revoked the pope 's `` person of the year '' award yet ? 
  it 's in a landfill site in finglas afair . 
  just got ta find that needle . 
  fellow irish person here . 
  i 'm not sure about the rating . 
  sure people feel attached to irish , but as you say , people do n't speak it , and do n't make a massive effort to learnt it . 
  loads of people would like to be able to speak it , but they do n't want to actually try to speak it , or to try to learn it . 
  its like a national museum , or a great piece of literature . 
  sure , we know it 's there , and it 's great that it 's there , and i 'd love to read the book , but i think i 'll just do something else . 
  true . 
  and sometimes the add conditions . 
  the uk , like all coe & eu member states , will never extradite someone to a country they have an agreement with if the death penalty could be imposed in that country . 
  so the uk wo n't extradite someone to the us to face trial for something with the death penalty . 
  lots of countries extradite their own citizens , eg uk, 
  talking very loudly in restaurants/cafes . 
  theres bound to be many other examples since the romans , twas just what i can think of . 
  has happened in many ways . 
  * when the romans left britain , there was a little dark age ( so to speak ) . 
  * zimbabwe in the last few decades * japan got guns from the portugeus around 1600 , then kcicked them out and switched back to swords . 
  yes that is * exactly * why i used the phrase `` follow catholicism '', 
  there are various reasons this is not accurate . 
  ( a ) catholicism is often associated ( in ireland ) with irishness & irish ethnicity . 
  protestantism is associated with being english and foreign . 
  many people will consider themselves `` ethnic catholics '' . 
  mark catholic on the census and support gay marriage and contraceptives . 
  ( b ) census forms are often filled out by one family member , and many teenagers & young people at home were marked down as catholic by their parents ( c ) some census enumerators were informing people that the religion question should be answered with what religion you were born into or brought up in , rather than what you believe in now . 
  evidence that irish people are not that catholic : * civil partnership ( half marriage for same sex couples ) is legal . 
  full marriage equality has about 75 % support . 
  * surveys of what self identified catholics believe are informative . 
  70ish % of self confessed `` catholics '' do no believe in what the church teaches about sex or homosexuality . 
  * weekly mass attendance is about 15 \u2192 30 % in ireland, 
  ireland is rapidly undergoing a cultural change . 
  lots of people do not follow catholicism . 
  abortion is illegal in ireland , but one can legally travel to the uk for an abortion . 
  thousands do that every year . 
  the irish abortion rate is about 7 \u2192 8 % . 
  it is a myth that ireland is `` abortion-free '' . 
  irish abortion exists , it just does n't happen in ireland . 
  probably because it 's not * very * hard to go to england from ireland , making the ` head in sand ' option practically easier . 
  at least 4,500 irish pregnancies are terminated per year in uk . 
  about 500 in netherlands . 
  that 's about 8 % of irish pregnancies per year ( at least ) . 
  that just counts abortions in uk where the patient gave an irish address . 
  it does not include people who order abortificant drugs over the internet . 
  irish abortion exists , it just does n't happen in ireland . 
  abortion is easier to get in england than ni . 
  head . 
  sand . 
  but there 's a term limit ( 9 weeks i think ) and it has to be to save your life , etc.
