  that 's not very nice !, 
  what brings this up ? 
  yeah even russia is bound by the echr ( that 's why they 've abolished capital punishment ) . 
  if uk wants out of echr they 'll have to become a north korea-style closed state . 
  the uk had no problem locking up and prosecuting terrorists in northern ireland . 
  well yes , if uk left eu , then for selling in the uk , it would n't have to abide by eu regulations , yes . 
  however that 's not really very helpful . 
  if companies are selling things it 's very easy & cheaper to make the same thing , rather than 2 different types ( eu-regulation one and a uk one ) . 
  the net result is that lots of the stuff that are made in the uk to the uk market will be in line with eu regulations . 
  so you do n't ` win ' much . 
  just that one big one . 
  incorrect about half of uk imports come from the eu , and half of exports from the uk go to the eu . 
  that would count as a `` fancy specialised tea '' . 
  only * 2 * kinds of potatoes ? 
  oh no , no insult intended . 
  i thought you were from usa . 
  cocoa * in * tea ?!, 
  i know about having cocoa on it 's own ... 
  weirdo . 
  not just christmas . 
  a black pudding is white pudding with blood . 
  only a little bit . 
  only put about 1cm of milk in . 
  so put your tea bag in a cup , pour in hot water , stir a bit to make it darker , take out tea bag ( with spoon ) , then pour a bit of water in . 
  the colour afterwards should looklike in this photo but you can vary it : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/healthnews/9698366/lifetime-of-tea-drinking-can-reduce-risk-of-ovarian-cancer.html, 
   do n't you have people with milk allergies over there ? 
  yeah , i presume they do n't drink tea . 
  or die at birth !, 
  evolution !, 
  sure if you 're having on yourself ... 
  honey ?!, 
  like a lump of honey floating in tea ? 
   make motor cycle helmets mandatory what ? 
  there 's countries where that 's not mandatory ?!, 
  and there is nothing wrong in principle with proportionate intrusion on private lives . 
   there are multiple factors which have led to the us being high in gun violence - not just the occasional mass shooting but the common one-on-one murders that occur every day and which hardly ever get reported . 
  that 's the big difference between usa & eu . 
  there are example of a lone nutter killing a lot of people in usa & eu . 
  it 's almost impossible to guarantee that 'll never happen . 
  but there is n't the low level killings with guns in eu that is in usa . 
   removing guns would solve the problem of gun violence , but the comprehensive problem would still remain : why the individual was violent in the first place . 
  i dunno , if the person tried to go mad with ( say ) a knife in the school rather than a gun , there 'd be lots of people who 'd be alive today . 
  it 's all well and good to try to deflect the argument , but people are dead ffs . 
  yes but it 's illegal and harder to get . 
  hence there are less of them . 
  and nutters wo n't be able to easily buy them . 
  partially the usaians love their constitution . 
  it 's like a bible for them . 
  countries in europe change their consitution all the time , it 's not some sacred text of liberty like it is in usa . 
  ( e.g. 
  ireland changed consitution ~ 15 years after independence , france is on like the 5th one or something ), 
   we have faith in our police services and their ability to protect us . 
  we also do n't have big black markets , specifically , no demand for weapons whether illegal or not . 
  erm , northern ireland ? 
  there are armed terrorist organisations in the uk and a history of repression from the police , and justice system ? 
  do you support the right of the ira or uvf to have guns in northern ireland ? 
  * ( for the record , i do n't think there should be guns in ni or usa ) *, 
   so here comes my question . 
  how can a site as progressive as reddit , still ` defend ' the right to bear arms . 
  its the one thing about reddit i never got . 
  its not the first time i have seen pro-gun submissions and they always get decent upvotes . 
  because it 's in the us constitution , and lots of americans have a nearly religious belief in the us constitution and their `` founding fathers '' . 
  they think that the us consitution is the best thing every and is the only thing really protecting them from massive tyranny and that no other country has any kind of legal document as amazing as the us constituion and that it was the first document to have such amazing liberty . 
  hence they ca n't really admit that there 's anything wrong with the us consitution or that the founding fathers got anything wrong . 
  all debates are about `` what did the founding fathers really mean ? 
  because you elected barack obama ( twice ! ) . 
  bush ( or romney etc. ), 
  are insane by european standards . 
  irish ( & british ) people drink a lot of tea . 
  but you have to put milk in tea . 
  tea is basically a warm milky caffeinated drink . 
  only very fancy specialised tea would be drunk without milk . 
  you have to put milk in tea . 
  it 's just weird not to . 
  everyone 's like that , right ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm irish . 
  i 've had meals with 4 different kinds of potatoes . 
  ( chips , roast pototes , mashed potatoes & boiled potatoes ), 
   seems like you 're really trying to split hairs here . 
  that 's called science . 
  we must be rational here . 
   does any black country have a military stronger than france 's ? 
  how do you define `` military stronger '' ? 
  we could use a simple definition of `` beating france in a conflict '' . 
  in which case , yes , algeria won their war of independence from france . 
  however `` military strength '' is not the be all and end all , and is not the most important thing , so it ** does n't matter about military strength ** . 
   has there been a black civilization anywhere near as prosperous as european civilization ? 
  has any spanish speaking country been near as prospoerous as the rest of europe ? 
  by your definition , the spanish-speaking world is inferiour !, 
  bomb madrid !, 
   on the whole , do you really think european culture is not superior to african culture ? 
  i do n't think this question makes sense . 
  i do n't even think there is one `` european culture '' and one `` african culture '' . 
  i 'm not even sure how to rank cultures . 
   peacefulness of europeans what ?!, 
  so y' know there 's been lots of wars in europe right ? 
  you know ww1 and ww2 were fought & started by european states ?!, 
  europeans have killed more of their own kind in wars than any wars in africa . 
   what is stupid is throwing in your hand and saying `` i did n't study that . '',
