  this referendum failed in california . 
  ( but due to californian & usa law was overturned by their supreme court ), 
  ah there 's some in the public who are opposed to it . 
  right now there has been no campaigning against it , and if there was a referendum , youth defence would get lots of money from their american backers to run scare ads about how children will be told about gay sex in schools if this passes . 
  remember a public referendum failed in california . 
  why single out women in the title ? 
  do you assume everyone here is a heterosexual male ? 
   no one else opposes it iirc oh there are some tds & senators who oppose it . 
  the taoiseach has n't said he 's opposed to it or that he 's in support of it , which means he almost certainly opposes it , but is smart enough to know that saying he opposes it would be a political bad move . 
  well it was in may ... 
  here here . 
  it sector in ireland is doing very well , i get contacts from recuiters on linkedin about every month . 
  english speaking aswell . 
  culturally quite similar , though a little more laid back and relaxed than england . 
  we also do n't glorify the past or `` good old days '' like some in england . 
  my bona fides : i 'm irish and my husband is from england and lives here , so i see both sides . 
  they have n't even decided for sure that they 'll have one . 
  the abortion issue has popped up , that 'll be the big conservative vs liberal issue for a while . 
   are a significant portion of irish voters influenced by the opinions of the priesthood ? 
  compared to the usa , no . 
  has n't been decided yet . 
  it 's like a catholic wedding , or pagan wedding , but with humanism . 
  secular weddings were legal in ireland for decades . 
  it just means you do n't have have a 2 step `` go to the registry office to fill in the forms then have your ceremony '' thing . 
  you can now have it all done in one go . 
  before this law , you had 3 options for legally getting married in ireland : ( a ) fill in form in registry office ( b ) have a recognised religious body ( which includes the catholic church and the pagan federation of ireland ) do the ceremony and fill in the forms or ( c ) get a registrar from the hse ( they do births marriages and deaths , y ` see ) . 
  people who wanted a humanist or non-religious wedding , would go to the registry office and fill in the form and then do whatever you wanted . 
  the registrar is annoying because you can only get that done in a few venues ( has to be approved and tasteful & ca n't be outside , limitations on what you can say during the ceremony ) and the civil servants only work 9-5 mon-friday . 
  humanist groups could n't do weddings because they would n't count as `` religious '' . 
  they 've changed the law to make it less strict so semi-philosopical groups can qualify now . 
  my bona fides : just got married in ireland , i know the law . 
  secular weddings were legal in ireland for decades . 
  it just means you do n't have have a 2 step `` go to the registry office to fill in the forms then have your ceremony '' thing . 
  you can now have it all done in one go . 
  my bona fides : just got married in ireland , i know the law . 
   its senate is partly composed of bishops the lords spiritual in the house of lords do n't vote though . 
  could sweden join and be a eu member ? 
  serious question . 
  is n't there some eu law about trade pacts, 
  you do n't always have to go through the national courts . 
  sometimes you can go straight to the ( say ) echr, 
   eu law trumps national law , even national constitutional law . 
  it depends . 
  some countries have opt out for eu law ( e.g. 
  some parts of the working time directive in the uk ) , and additionally , some countries negotiate extra bits in the eu treaties to say `` nothing in this treaty will override how $ country deals with $ topic according to it 's constitution '' . 
  ireland , to avoid policital trouble , frequently gets things like this added to eu treatys to say `` nothing in this shall affect ireland 's ban on abortion '', 
  so , uk , switzerland , and who else ? 
  aye , christmas eve is n't really that big a thing in ireland . 
  christmas day is the big one . 
  december 26th ( what we call st. stephen 's day ) would be bigger than xmas eve . 
  the 25th and 26th are public holidays . 
  i worked with some a polish guy and his first xmas in ireland , he went out in dublin city centre on xmas eve expecting the place to be dead like poland . 
  however xmas eve is the , obviously , the last shopping day before xmas . 
  it was , obviously mad . 
  similar in ireland . 
  basically , there were referenda to legalise abortion in some very limited situations , however there has been no law detailing it , e.g. 
  how many doctors have to sign off on it , where can it be done , can you get a second opinion , etc. 
   should n't this suffice to solve this issue in ireland ? 
  i strongly doubt that would pass , and many politicians would never support that . 
  the current situation is the result of several referenda 30 \u2192 20 years ago which allowed abortion if the woman was going to die ( incl . 
  from suicide ) , it 's just that anti-abortion crowd really do n't like those results . 
  additionally , it 's easy to go to england if you want an abortion , so it 's easy to get an abortion if you want . 
  they are often funded by us organisations , but there are also a * lot * of irish people who are anti-abortion . 
  oh of course !, 
  and i 'm not for a moment saying that labour do n't believe in marriage equality . 
  i 'm just saying that there is only so much political power labour have , and after savita died , abortion became much more to the forefront . 
  they will probably try to come up with a better way to segregate out the safe vs dangerous drivers . 
  ( previously they were usign `` is this person male ? 
  then put them in the ` dangerous ' pile '' as a decent rule of thumb ) . 
  they will probably allow people to take an advanced driving test or something /, 
   equality is a good thing but now insurance companies will have to deliberately scupper their risk models and we 'll all end up paying more . 
  yes , that 's partially the point . 
  after all , wealth people who never get sick subsidise sick children need a lot of medical care . 
  this is the principle of solidarity . 
   your welcome to start your own insurance company and base your risk assessment on whatever you want . 
  actually , no , you 're not legally allowed to base your risk assesment ( and price charged ) on some grounds . 
  gender , race/ethnicity etc. 
  are all `` banned grounds '' . 
   despite the eus assurances there 's actually differences between men and women . 
  i actually do n't think the eu has ever claimed this ( if they have , can you provide a source ? ), 
  it is quite obvious to everyone that , yes , statistically men are more dangerous drivers than women . 
  however it 's better for society if we charge men & women the same . 
  that 's the underlying thinking . 
  not some sort of `` assuption that there are no differences between gender '' . 
  the easiest way to catch them out is like you suggested . 
  provide exactly the same details , except change `` male '' to `` female '' . 
  if the numbers come out differently , they * must * be taking gender into account , and hence they are breaking the law . 
  occasionally people do this with , say , job applicants , it 's a way to demontrate a bias and discrimination . 
  that is still illegal . 
  when the law says `` must give the same price to men & women '' , that does n't mean that you avoid the law by giving different price to `` mr '' 's and `` miss '' 's . 
  you 're still breaking the law . 
  the law is n't that stupidly written . 
  there were court cases in the usa where iq tests were used for the sole purpose of keeping the blacks out once it became illegal to openly keep the blacks out , those were found illegal . 
  if you 're concerned , then you can report them . 
   a penis fee , if you wish . 
  i 've been driving for many years and never caused an accident , yet i still have to pay more . 
  yep , and now they wo n't be able to charge the women less . 
  the penis fee will be gone . 
  i 'm pretty sure many non-first world countries have similar `` discrimination based on gender is wrong '' laws . 
   it has never been tried in a modern society .
