  so over all , meh, 
  sorta the same thing , then is n't it ? 
  i thought there would be forced gay marriage for all , and straight people would be foricbly divorced and forced to marry people of the same sex ?!, 
  did the far right lie to me ? 
   lack of separation between church and state over there ireland was allowed join ( what would become ) the eu in 1973 !, 
  believe me , there was very little separation of church and state then ( but it was a catholic christian church , not a muslim one , which seems to matter to some people ), 
  if it meets the democratic and human rights standards , let it in . 
  i 'm all in favour of eu expansion, 
  curious , can you tell more ? 
  what about the eu is popular in greece ? 
  read my comment again . 
  i never mentioned europe being better , or america being worse . 
  i know full well no part of the world is perfect , and my comment was about people who think the usa has been perfect for 200 years . 
  i wonder if they bet the farm on voting reform ? 
  give the tories what they want so long as there 's a chance to change the voting system . 
  long term ( ie next 50 years ) , voting reform could have done wonders for lib dems , so it might make sense for them to `` sell out '' for 5 years . 
  might be a good trade off . 
  this is just me , a non national , guessing about what went on behind the scenes . 
  ireland pretty much always has coalitions , and the centre left labour party here is in coalition ( as junior partner ) with the centre right party ( fine gael ) . 
  they , like the lib dems , have been doing bad in the polls . 
  before this it was the green party i coalition ( as junior partner ) with the other centre right party , and the green party were annialated at the polls . 
  i think it 's just a common thing when minority left wing parties go into coalition with right wing parties . 
  it 's just common reactions and desire for protests . 
  when there is a minority party that has n't been in power within people 's lifetime ( lib dems ) , then people will vote for them . 
  when they get in power and turns out they ca n't do much , then people will dislike them . 
  ukip are popular with racists who do n't like how the conservative party are going for the middle ground . 
   ukip seem to be beginning to wield some clout in britain ; nigel farage is an mep bnp leader nick griffin is also a mep, 
  no i 'm not . 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  i 've never in this thread claimed i was offended . 
  pedant . 
  :p here 's another example : apartheid south africa . 
  black people were the majority of the population but were oppressed . 
  ergo `` marginalized group '' is more accurate term, 
  that does n't even make sense . 
   because of the 2nd amendment , the us government is so afraid of americans that it does n't dare to oppress us . 
  the 2nd amendment did n't stop slavery , it did n't stop treating black people as legally inferior to white people , it did n't stop putting all the japanese people into camps , it did n't stop denying women the right to vote . 
  the usa , like all counties has had black spots of illiberty and oppression on its history , and the 2nd amendment did n't stop that . 
  they could enslave all the black pepper and deny them rights , or deny women the right to vote . 
  thank god guns were instrumental in getting that across . 
   did you read the post ? 
  what post ? 
  you did n't link to any post ...  i would actually argue that `` gay '' is the word that hatemongeres ( this time on the other side ) use and that , if anything , my previous post would suggest we use non-straight instead of gay . 
  i assure you that the gay community uses the term gay to refer to itself . 
  it 's really not hard to find evidence if that, 
   just fyi , women are n't a minority . 
  women are/were a * marginalised * group . 
  i dislike using the term `` minority '' to when talking about oppression and xisms , because as you point out , sometimes it 's a majority that are oppressed . 
  ` marginalisation ' is a better term imo . 
   if we are talking about history , you could say the same for europeans oh sure , we ( in europe ) are n't perfect . 
  but you 'll often see americans claiming usa has been a bastion of liberty for 200 years . 
  i do n't think europeans do that as much, 
   quite simply because in most cases the use of `` cis '' is by people who are hatemongers ...  if you want to refer to non-trans people you should just use `` non-trans '' actually the term cisgender is the oxford english dictionary ( http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/cisgender ) as basically the opposite of transgender . 
  it 's in the dictionary without any negative aspect , i do n't know where you 're getting good that from . '', 
  non-trans '' is not the correct english , '' cisgender '' is correct english . 
  deal with it . 
  do you think straight is an ok word to use ? 
  why not non-gay for straight ? 
   whenever someone uses `` cis '' in a non satirical context i ca n't take them seriously anymore . 
  why ? 
  do you object to me using `` straight '' ? 
  straight and gay refer to sexuality . 
  cis and trans refer to gender . 
  i 'm not sure there is an objection to ` cis ' that someone could n't also use to object to the term ` straight ' . 
  liberty . 
  ireland : abortion . 
  still . 
  the usa has a long history of guaranteeing the liberty of cis white straight anglo christian/prodestant men for 200 hundred years . 
  others were not supported . 
  i presume political parties are banging the drum about asylum seekers to distract from real issues that are hard to tackle . 
  large parties like the conservatives are also facing political challenges from smaller parties like ukip & bnp so they are trying to show their conservative/right wing credentials . 
   i 'm surprised at how large a percentage of asylum seekers the eu as a whole receives compared to other regions of the world too , and unsure why that would be the case ; i 'd have thought it 's because the eu is relatively politcally stable and liberal . 
  if you 're fleeing a war or oppression ( say for being gay ) , then it 's makes sense to flee to a place which is less likely to be having a war or a place where homosexuality is accepted . 
  i 'm not sure , since we do n't really have lacrosse here in ireland . 
  i 'm more familiar with baseball . 
  hurling is like you took baseball and made it into a field sport . 
  they run around the field , hitting the ball to each other . 
  they can ( and do ) catch the ball in their hands . 
  they do n't use those big gloves they wear in baseball . 
  y' know the bit in dodgeball where he 's throwing metal at them , `` if you can dodge a wrech , you can dodge a ball ? '', 
  that 's basically the attitude to injuries in gaa . 
  if someone hit you hard on the head with a bat , that 'll teach you to dodge in future . 
  you know what i mean . 
  i presume people in the north would have political reasons to learn irish . 
  it 's like how welsh in wales is more popular than irish in ireland . 
  in ( south of ) ireland , there is very little benefit to speaking irish . 
  because irish has no use . 
   the deal where iceland was guaranteed us military protection in the event of attack . 
  nato , not jsut the us , provides military protection to iceland . 
  although the uk ( one of the big nato members ) was the last country to invade iceland during ww2 . 
   so it was n't part of the deal iceland did with the us ? 
  that 's cheeky . 
  yes that 's the point . 
  it was cheeky and not what countries are supposed to do . 
  and the original norse settlement was lost ( they all died ) . 
  sounds like more scaremongering that somehow the uk , unlike the rest of europe , is being screwed over by immigration, 
  as an irish person i can tell you that luicidna creighton is a bit mad . 
  she was her party 's spokesperson on equality , justice and law reform before the last election , but is opposed to gay marriage . 
  she does n't think suicidal pregnant rape victims should be allowed have an abortion . 
  exactly .
