replied to wrong comment . 
  again . 
  i will kill myself now , bye . 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ a 4 % increase would be 0,06 times 1,04 which equals 6,24 % . 
  you are talking about percentage points ~ ~ ~ ~, 
  replied to wrong comment , lol, 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ a 4 % increase would be 0,06 times 1,04 which equals 6,24 % . 
  you are talking about percentage points . ~ ~ ~ ~, 
  reddit --  young people --  liberal and dislike religion in broad strokes . 
  yes . 
  in my class ( in sweden ) we are taught that if the main pronouncation is at the prefix , you split it , otherwise , it stays together . 
  we call it loosely and strongly merged verbs . 
  rip wales, 
  ... anyways she just commented on the thing , saying it will lead to juridical and political consequences , if true . 
  most people will react negative . 
  either about ukraine or russia, 
  the source you linked claimed entry ban as one of the possible outcomes . 
  these cases are reviewed on s case by case basis so there 's no way to know for sure what 'd happen, 
  key word here is qualified . 
  also , could you link some of the cases ? 
  all i find is about u.s. travel ban, 
  schengen reglates which 3rd party citizens require a visa to enter schengen . 
  it does not tell a country who they should ban and for what . 
  that is correct , the russians set up a bait and ukraine fell for it . 
  the fact that she wo n't be allowed through border controls , not the border controls themselves, 
  are you referring to swedish cases ? 
  i 'm not advocating against border controls . 
  if they enter from denmark , norway or finland , yes ( there just is no border control . 
  we have temporary border controls due to the refugee crisis but that is an extraordinary situation ), 
  no border controls when entering from a neighbouring country . 
  different with flights ofc . 
  it 's called schengen . 
  yeah sorry did n't really think about that , since most people in this sub are from an eu country . 
  i hope you can forgive me . 
  interesting !, 
  but you do get my point right ? 
  but you most likely would n't be banned though . 
  they probably wo n't tbh , would be very hard considering you are an eu citizen edit : yes i saw, 
  it was until the refugee chrisis , yes . 
  and that law is bs , just made for being able to ban russians . 
  when you host competitions like these you need to be able to host all participants . 
  she had a consert in crimea , do you honestly think she should be banned because of that ? 
  she had been there once before and that was what warranted the ban . 
  osama never visited sweden . 
  also , comparing a singer from russia who visited crimea to osama bin laden is just ridiculous . 
  if ukraine do n't allow russians into the country , then they ca n't host a competition of which russia is a part, 
  you can be butthurt all you want , but the rest of europe is n't going to like this . 
  because they are in the fucking ebu !!!!!!, 
  and so russia is supposed to send a singer to the fucking ukraine !!, 
  they as in russia ? 
  because they want to make ukraine looks as bad as possible, 
  russia should n't have annexed crimea . 
  ukraine should n't have banned her after she was made to represent russia . 
  if they wanted to ban her , they should do it very soon after the crime was comitted . 
  the timing of it . 
  had she been banned before russia made it official she was to represent them , it 'd been okay . 
  it 's not inhumane , the problem is that banning her * after * she was selected for russia shows a political motive . 
  it was terrible as well . 
  if you are n't ready to host an international competition in which russia is a part of , then * do n't host it * . 
  well ... not to brag but [ we swedes are also very good at voting ] ( http://www.val.se/val/val2014/slutresultat/r/rike/index.html ), 
  same reason they removed conscription . 
  it was considered waste of money and not necessary since russia was n't considered aggressive . 
  you do realise that that does n't mean they allocate that money to the army in the budget ? 
  i 'm explaining why some might spell it like that, 
  finland -  finish, 
  ftfy, 
   their stance is neutral actually you should have replied with that in the first place . 
  just saying the argument is invalid is very immature, 
  yes but if noone can buy it then it is effectively banned . 
  i 'm aware that is not what it 's like in reality but it 's the point . 
  prostitution is banned in sweden, 
  same sentence a sjw would use . 
  ironic, 
  it has nothing to do with a bug . 
  frist of all , how * daer * you ? 
  mainly failed on the danish history questions :( (, 
  and why they have the most and best skiers ? 
  same in sweden, 
  i do !, 
  i care < 3, 
  just imagine what you could do with all that money !, 
  you could ... give it to me instead ? 
  please ? 
  it cost my sister 0kr/semester . 
  and that interface is using internet explorer . 
  there 's a reason you ca n't uninstall ie from windows ( 7/xp ) : control panel and the browser installer is dependent on it . 
  i do n't have a source about this , but a post about sweden 's role during the finish winter war was made on r/sweden . 
  apparently finland received help from sweden worth as much as its gdp at the time . 
  yes but since we 're on r/europe i do n't need to use more effort than that, 
  exactly . 
  the rest of the world has a flawed right and left wing , luckily the one of the u.s. is the correct one . 
  wow !, 
  guns can stop grenade now ? 
  technology going faster than i can learn about it !, 
  seriously now : grenade attacks and shootings in sweden basically only affect gang members and such , an everyday citizen need n't worry about grenades when they go outdoors . 
  yes , that is a problem , but it 's certainly not terrorism nor can it be solved with more people owning guns . 
  i must say , you and that other guy really derailed the topic in question . 
  not as terrorist attacks we do n't , not that i 've heard of one for a * very * long time now though . 
  no problem !, 
  i imagine it 's very hard to keep track of them !,
