  at least not as prominently as in europe . 
  maybe not this specific incident , but there 's plenty of precedent for people in other governments `` purposefully trying to sabotage their own government for the purpose of grand standing and ideology . '', 
  hell , the us government literally shut down a few years ago rather than deal with a simple problem for those reasons . 
  not that the us is a great example of good governance . 
  i mean there were probably other arabs among the dead . 
  i feel like the best comparison would be argentina , or another country that 's gone through something similar , but i do n't have numbers in front of me . 
  i could be wrong , but i believe pensions for higher income levels have already been cut pretty significantly . 
  anyone from greece here care to confirm or deny this ? 
  i could just be talking out my arse , but i was fairly certain that was true . 
  cutting off pensions hurts the economy because it cuts off income for a pretty significant portion of the population , meaning they are n't spending money , meaning the economy shrinks by the amount they 're not spending . 
  seems like they 're just kicking the can down the road , but i guess it 's better than nothing . 
  yeah , because that never happens in any other countries political system . 
  some variation of `` my militia can beat up your militia . '', 
  fair enough , but the us and canada take far more somali immigrants than finland or sweden and do n't have problems on anything like the scale ; or at the very least the problems there do n't dominate the cultural narratives nearly as much . 
  granted , the us has a much larger population to absorb these immigrants , and it 's not as though there are n't still issues ( migrant neighbourhoods tend to be more of a thing among somali communities than some immigrant groups ) but it is n't the end of the world , and in a generation or two , it wo n't be an issue . 
  hell , my own home city was a designated destination for sudanese refugees in the late 90s through to at least the mid 2000s -- and supposedly is even one for somali migrants now -- and i do n't recall it ever being an issue . 
  i 'm sure you could dig up local news articles from the time pointing to this or that problem , but it was n't enough of an issue that it 's still remembered . 
  now there is something to be said for the notion that it 's better for like cultures to take in migrants than for nations with drastically different cultures . 
  but in a lot of cases that 's not really a great option ; nearby countries with similar cultures tend to have similar problems . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that there are about twice as many somali 's on the arabian peninsula than there are in the nordic countries -- that figure likely includes existing communities rather than solely recent migrants , but that 's simply a matter of time . 
  yeah , but at least they 'd have access to capital markets if they stayed in the ez . 
  i mean you 're not wrong , but he 's at least partially right in that interest and timetables do have an effect on their ability to repay their debt . 
  well , confirmation bias is a pretty common issue in humanity in general , i hardly think it 's confined to leftists . 
  but politically speaking , those results would likely have * very * different effects on spain . 
  one demonstrates to the base of the spanish left wing the sort of vicimization you mentioned . 
  it might get a few people out to vote , but most of the people who would respond that way were already going to vote , so it really does n't do podemos a whole lot of good . 
  a syriza victory though , demonstrates the viability of such a party to spanish moderates and swing voters , and that could have a big effect . 
   the damage is done , let them get out and fix their economy . 
  that would likely take decades . 
  the same thing can happen in any religion though , for the simple reason that they 're just so damned old , there 's historical precedent for just about any kind of behavior . 
  do you think the crusaders did n't think they were returning to the ways of old when they invaded the holy land ? 
  after a while , so much is simply lost to history that what remains becomes fairly open to interpretation . 
  believe me , i understand that , i lived in the us for a long time and worked for a summer in a heavily hispanic neighborhood , meaning lots of migrants . 
  i know exactly what an influx from a certain culture can look like , and i also know that it can be successful because i 've seen it first hand and lived amidst such a reality . 
  i think that 's fair to try to manage new immigrants from a particular culture so that they do n't simply end up forming enclaves within their new society , i 'm just saying that a lot of people here are taking very fundamentalist approaches to problems that can be solved . 
  but the issue is bigger than the simple failure of the government to deal with this . 
  when you have people saying things like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b2tfm/how_the_rape_in_tapanila_started_an_outrage/csj5jhm?context=3 ) and getting upvoted , it indicates deeper problems that need to be addressed on an individual level ; not all problems can be solved by the expansion of social programs . 
  i 'm really thankful that europe ( generally speaking ) does n't have the same culture of violence that the us does , because sometimes i 'm still shocked how hateful people on this continent can be . 
  if people were as gun-happy here as in the states , i do n't doubt we 'd see things like the charleston massacre from a few days ago . 
  hell , we saw much worse in norway a few years ago . 
  i do n't think anyone 's culture says it 's okay to rape someone , i 'm just saying that the cultural differences lead to social frictions that can lead to violence , crime , and anti-social behavior . 
  what 's important here is n't even so much the specific cultures in question , so much as the fact that they are n't assimilating particularly well , and can come into conflict because of it . 
  who the hell is blaming the victim ? 
  you can seek to explain and understand a behavior without condoning it ; indeed it 's irresponsible as a society not to seek to understand the root condemnable behavior . 
  you 're never going to change something you do n't understand , yet for some reason people are willing to ignore those issues when it comes to migrants and chalk it up to the superiority of their own culture . 
  i do n't disagree , but i do n't think that special approach needs to simply mean closing the border to those people , or treating them differently under the criminal justice system , both of which i 've seen suggested in this thread . 
  i am an immigrant . 
  generally speaking though , right-wing euro-skepticism tends to be more influential and politically significant than it 's leftwing counterpart . 
  groups like ukip and the national front probably have more clout than the likes of die linke . 
  syriza is really the only significant left wing party with links to russia , although so far they really do n't seem to be all that close to russia . 
  i do n't think he was suggesting that they were . 
  just because anti fracking regulations would help russian gas exports does n't mean fracking is a great thing . 
  i mean it 's basically been confirmed that le pen 's people took money to acknowledge the `` legitimacy '' of the crimean referendum . 
  russia 's definitely trying to support euro-skepticism in europe for geo-political reasons . 
  now the extent of that support is an open question , but putin definitely would n't be too upset to see a brexit . 
  being sacked by merkel actually does a lot to recommend him in my mind , 
  i do n't understand how people can so consistently confuse explanations with justifications . 
  no one 's saying they should be allowed to commit horrible crimes because of their circumstances , only that said circumstances tend to lead to such crimes , and if you really want to get the route of the problem , you have to address those underlying causes , not resort to blaming and alienating a much larger community , which only serves to further exacerbate that issue . 
  of course not , but the sort of alienation people in this position are subject to tends to bread the sort of disrespect for law and decency that leads to such horrible crimes . 
  this is exactly the sort of attitude that makes it difficult for these people to integrate into your culture . 
  racists like you are a real part of the problem , and yet you will never realize it . 
  right , but it 's difficult for people to adapt to their new cultures when they frequently live in poverty , and are alienated in a very real way from the culture they 're expected to integrate with . 
  yes , immigrants who came to your country with nothing and are often marginalized from society at large are still poor because they 're just too stupid . 
  go back to / r/european . 
  edit : or that despicable coontown subreddit , evidently . 
  i ca n't believe there are actually people who are so actively racist in this community . 
  then he needs to be better integrated into his new society . 
  do you honestly think that 's what i 'm saying ? 
  the issue is that you have a group of frustrated , alienated young men who do n't understand the cultural expectations they 're living under . 
  of course you 're going to have problems when you have a significant population living like this . 
  it does n't force anyone to rape , and lax punishments for serious crimes are a separate issue ( although i 'd argue that firing squads are maybe a bit extreme ) . 
  but crime is always an issue in impoverished and marginalized communities , and if you want to cut down on crime , try to fight poverty and alienation . 
  edit : okay just so everyone knows , this guy has the subreddit `` coontown '' in his post history . 
  he 's actively racist , and everything he says needs to be understood in that light . 
  honestly , i think it 's just a matter of integrating migrants into society better . 
  opponents of immigration tend to look at incidents like that and see it as a failure of integration as a concept , but really it 's only a failure of execution . 
  having lived in both the us and europe for significant periods of my life , i have to say that the us really does a pretty good job of integrating it 's immigrants . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't still issues related to immigration , or that you do n't still see tensions between the native and immigrant populations , but generally speaking , immigrants in the us seem to have a much easier time integrating with society at large . 
  clearly it is possible for immigrants to become productive members of their new communities , i 've seen it happen , both with mexican immigrants , and with , interestingly enough , somalis -- i have family that lives in a midwestern american city that serves a a designated destination for somali refugees or something of that nature , and there are definitely significant problems in these communities , but they generally seem to be less significant than in european countries . 
  i honestly feel like a lot of this comes down to a greater cultural acceptance of migrants in the us than i see in europe . 
  given the different cultural heritages , this is perhaps to be expected , but i still see it as a definite advantage . 
  part of the difference is that europeans do n't tend to distinguish between national and ethnic identities nearly as much , whereas for americans those two tend to be separate issues -- that 's why you always get americans coming to scotland and claiming to be scottish . 
  they get made fun of because they obviously do n't share a national identity with the locals , but what we do n't always realize is that they generally ca n't / do n't see themselves as ethnically american , because other than american indians , that 's just not a thing . 
  i feel like many europeans -- and in many cases migrants as well -- tend to conflate these two identities , and have a hard time seeing people who do n't already share their culture as part of their society . 
  i think we also expect our governments to handle this integration much more than americans do . 
  we can offer as many and as comprehensive a regimen of programs as we want , but at the end of the day , if individuals are n't willing to accept people , than our society as a whole wo n't be either . 
  i 'm not trying to excuse it , i 'm just saying these problems come from the failure of many european countries to properly integrate their migrants . 
  this is a serious problem that needs to be addressed , and as long as idiots like you keep writing off these systemic failures with racist dogma , it will keep on happening . 
  by the same token , you could argue that the focus on ethnicity in issues like this contributes to difficulties in integration that exacerbate the problem further . 
  like i said , cultural differences can come into play , but those could be overcome , were it not for the aforementioned alienation from the wider finnish society . 
  it 's not as though somalis are just ethnically more inclined to be rapists . 
  properly integrate them into society and you will not have issue like this . 
  i have family in the midwestern us , in a city that 's a designated destination for somali migrants , or something of that nature , and so far as i can tell , they do n't have issues like this to anywhere near the degree we see in europe . 
  every time something like this happens , the stormfronters come out of the woodwork . 
  this sort of crime is a matter of poverty , social isolation , and to some degree , cultural differences . 
  to suggest that it 's simply a matter of their being somali is unabashedly racist . 
  the same could be said for refugees of any country , or even native finns living in poverty and isolated from the majority of the population . 
  it has nothing to do with their being somali . 
  i mean , what you said was kind of racist . 
  not that there is n't a discussion to be had here , i just do n't think it 's right to demonise an entire migrant population over the crimes of a few .
