we 're not talking about blaming individual posters here , we 're talking about patterns of posters . 
  a large number of posts expressing similar opinions from users with no real history -- especially those with newly created accounts , and in many instances , with similarly generic names . 
  that would seem to be indicative of brigading . 
  now , is everyone who meets those qualifications a troll ? 
  not necessarily . 
  but the pattern is there for all to see . 
  yeah , i mean i suppose those sheep are pretty handsome . 
  yeah , but usually they have more than one post and names that are a bit more creative than just a generic first name from given nation + a number . 
  then you 're probably right ; although at this point how much judgement hezbollah differs to iran , and on what issues , is a bit of an open question . 
  i feel like you may have missed the point of my comment . 
  my point is , the uk could probably give up it 's nuclear arsenal without fear of invasion ; it 's basically just an extension of the us 's nuclear arsenal as it is , we really do n't benefit from it at all . 
  basically , my position is that the uks nukes do n't matter . 
  no one 's afraid of our nuclear arsenal , they 're afraid of the us 's -- ours is seen as merely an extension of the us 's , and somewhat rightfully so . 
  we do n't benefit from our nuclear weapons really at all . 
  they 're dangerous , and exceedingly expensive , and we we have no real reason to keep them other than that the us wants us to . 
  the uk is not a superpower anymore , and people need to just be okay with that . 
  not really , but i do n't think it 's totally accurate to equate corbyn with the rest of post-thatcher labour . 
  if there was a candidate for leader that would be different , it 's corbyn . 
  all of which were solely the result of your nuclear disarmament . 
  hitler was a good public speaker . 
  obama is a good public speaker . 
  you lot elected syriza , who at the time looked pretty radical themselves . 
  anything can happen , although you 're probably right . 
  could be wrong about this , but i think he wants to use the revenue from a nationalized energy sector to finance a sovereign wealth fund similar to what norway has , which sounds pretty good to me . 
  the labour governments that did that though were decidedly different than a corbyn government would be . 
   as well as all american allies ... 
  which the uk is famously one of . 
  i promise you russia is not going to invade the uk just because we do n't have nukes . 
  not a big believer in the monarchy , but i would fucking love it if they made the lil baba king . 
  hamas probably , hezbollah , i do n't see . 
  they have no official role in the palestinian territories , i 'm not sure why they should matter . 
  well the idea was that they were just a temporary work force that would go back eventually , no ? 
  clearly that was poor planning on germany 's part . 
  rt is worse though ; it 's straight up national propaganda rather than amoral prophet seeking . 
  i feel like as heated as things got though , it was usually pretty policy focused ; impassioned as it may have gotten , discussing the macroeconomics of a currency union is a * bit * more complicated than a mostly social issue like immigration , and as such probably leads to more intelligent argument . 
  i grew up in the us , and have to disagree . 
  i mean did you never watch sesame street ? 
  they had all kinds of stuff like this . 
  hell , dora the explorer is basically half an hour of `` hispanic people are cool too . '', 
  right , but this is a pretty moderate interpretation of sharia . 
  fair dues , but as mentioned , lebanon is far less stable than europe , and has taken on a far greater burden , despite being far less able to shoulder it . 
  he 's not wrong to say that germany could probably assimilate 1.6 m migrants if it needed to . 
  look at his comments , he 's just a troll . 
  or because they want to live in a generally more prosperous society with more economic opportunities across the board , and a basic social safety net , should they fail . 
  damn huns  ^ ( just joking my mother 's protestant ), 
  sorry , i misunderstood what you were saying . 
  you 're missing his point ; lebanon is * far * more fragile politically and socially than germany , and yet despite the massive increase in immigration it 's seen , the delicate social order of the country has n't really been upset all that much . 
  i really dislike munich as a football club , but they are n't making it easy to hate them . 
  i 'd argue this is far more beneficial to the refugees . 
  bayern 's found a way to do it that works for them , but they did not have to do something like this . 
  sure they want a positive image for the club , but they want that because they want the club to be a positive thing , worth of such an image . 
  that 's a two way street . 
  this war could drag on for years -- even a decade or more . 
  you ca n't just expect them to spend years just waiting and doing nothing with their lives . 
  if they get jobs and eventually careers , start families , make homes , etc. 
  in that time , i do n't see how it makes any sense to send them back to start over * again * . 
  those communities may no longer exist either physically or socially , and even if they do , it 's hard for people to just uproot themselves after they 've already had to do it once . 
  if this were just a quick easy thing , then yeah , just put them in housing centres for a few months , and send them back when it 's all blown over . 
  but this war is already bigger and more complicated than anyone expected , and it shows no signs of improving in the immediate future . 
  these people need to get on with their lives . 
  both can be pretty awful . 
  as a general rule , for every horrible , genocidal muslim militia , there 's a more or less equally horrible christian counterpart they 're fighting . 
  generally though , most african christians , and indeed most african muslims , are just normal people who 's religion is not really of concern to anyone else . 
  syria has ( or had ) secular law for public disputes based on the napoleonic code . 
  private issues are handled under the hanafi school of islamic jurisprudence which is a moderate interpretation of sharia that gives considerable leeway to local custom and local authorities . 
  there really should n't be to much conflict , at least from them . 
  i 'm not sure what specific passages you 're referring to , but it 's more than likely it 's from the old testament , which was n't part of `` christianity '' to begin with , in that jesus was actively preaching * against * a lot of it 's contents . 
  you do n't get a whole lot of turning the other cheek or loving thy neighbor in the old testament . 
  the early christians were jewish converts ( christ himself of course having identified as a jew his whole life ) and many simply did n't abandon the teachings of the old testament . 
  the entire history of the religion basically revolves around the conflicts between the old testament , and the gospels of the new testament , but by now most of the old testament stuff is irrelevant . 
  i mean if current trends continue they might be the largest by default . 
  is has become enough of an issue for both the fsa and assad ( and more importantly , assad 's iranian benefactors ) that i actually think a peace could probably be brokered between those two factions that would leave the government there in a similar situation to lebanon . 
  that would be an improvement over the status quo for the sunni 's and would still leave the shi'ites with enough influence to feel safe , and for iran to exert influence over the country as it has with lebanon . 
  how the kurds would fit into this situation is an open question , but i actually think at least the other two could be brought to an agreement if the conflict goes on long enough , and is makes enough headway . 
  fine , let me rephrase that federal government has n't followed trickle down in decades ( technically bush senior ) . 
  even bush junior took a keynesian approach to the recession . 
  edit : you could make a case for qe being a form of trickle down in a round about way , but it 's obviously not the same . 
  i mean they can pick and choose to a degree as well . 
  the amalgamation of german and middle eastern culture gave us the currywurst , if we get another innovation like that , i 'll consider this whole immigration thing a win . 
  nothing about this is normal , it 's a matter of adjusting to the new norm , and it seems like germany is about as well prepared for this as a country can be . 
  there are lots of ways to intervene . 
  i 'd be interested to see if a peace could be brokered between assad and the fsa ( and perhaps the kurds as well ) that would give each group certain representation , like in lebanon . 
  lebanon 's situation is far from perfect , but it 's been more or less stable for 20 years , and would certainly be preferable to the current situation . 
  that would put is in a bind , i 'm sure . 
  the trouble is getting the iranians to agree to a situation like this . 
  america was n't a clean slate to begin with , they wiped the slate clean with a pretty terrible series of genocides . 
  jordan , lebanon and turkey have taken in the most refugees by far . 
  all of them border syria , which the gulf states do n't . 
  it 's not technically slavery , but it 's indentured servitude , which is the next worse thing . 
  they are n't technically property , but they do n't have a whole lot of rights either . 
  it could actually be a good move for them , perhaps it would get people in the region to soften their opinions of israel and look at them like a partner . 
  of course it would n't do a lot of good unless it was also coupled with a rethinking of israel 's approach to palestine . 
  it 's akin to indentured servitude in european colonies back in the day . 
  it 's not slavery in the most technical sense , but it 's effectively wage slavery . 
  there 's a huge number of these migrant workers from pakistan and bangladesh in the gulf states trying to provide for families back home , and they have next to no legal rights . 
  it 's an option for refugees from syria and north africa , but it 's certainly not a very good one . 
  the us has not pushed trickle down since reagan , get your facts straight . 
  the unions really shot themselves in the fought there . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  the situation with those french youths is different though .
