  the favourability of the barnett formula gives the scottish government more leeway for deficit spending than they might otherwise have given the size of the scottish economy , but public sector alone wo n't provide the kind of growth scotland needs to make up for the loss of oil revenue . 
  you also have to consider that post brexit , income from taxes is likely to fall considerably , which means that even this level of deficit spending is n't likely to remain possible in the future . 
  basically , scotland is likely headed for a period of stagnation , if not outright recession , whether it stays or leaves , but the possibilities for growth following this period is , by my estimation , better in the eu than in the uk . 
  the best thing would be a deal allowing scotland to remain part of both unions , or allowing an independent scotland to be part of the eu whilst still enjoying open borders and free trade with ruk , but i do n't know how likely either of those alternatives are . 
  most scots support schengen , and the euro would be better for an independent scotland than the pound , the big issues is that the requirements for accession to the eurozone will mean running surpluses for a few years , which will be tough after the collapse of the oil market . 
  the collapse of the oil market in the years since the last referendum has fucked scotland 's fiscal position , but that 's going to be a problem for scotland either way . 
  scotland 's been able to rely the largesse of the barnett formula to run deficits to lessen the blow , but ultimately it 's no basis for a healthy economy , scotland needs to pursue growth outside the energy sector . 
  unfortunately , the best way to do that would be to join the euro , but that 'll most likely require running budget surpluses for a few years , which is going to hurt a lot in the short term . 
  it 's a tough one ; the euro would definitely be preferable to the pound for an independent scotland , but joining the eurozone requires meeting certain fiscal standards that the current scottish economy falls well short of since the collapse of the oil market . 
  and limmy . 
   being an atheist in the us is considered to be worse than religious fundamentalism anyway ... 
  in some parts of the us , maybe . 
  but there are plenty of others where it 's the other way around . 
  it 's a pretty divided culture , although it 's hardly unique in that respect . 
  that 's so cute i 'm offended by it . 
  that 's a bit of an oversimplification , but in general yes . 
  clinton was a neoliberal . 
  but the lax regulatory regime that led to their advent are . 
  they were accepted as dogma up until about 2008 . 
  well , also fear of violating the law , but everyone in this thread seems to have missed that . 
  i mean , merkel 's hardly a leftist ... 
  because for a long time it benefitted the more powerful european economies that invested and exported goods there . 
  i 've seen a few people who are convinced le pen will be the next president of france because she 's ahead in the first round polls , evidently not realising that there 's a second round , in which she 's polling way behind against both macron and fillon . 
  i 'd argue there 's still no ` proper ' definition . 
  as with any ideology or movement , it 's difficult , and frankly counterproductive to try to define in specific terms . 
  it means specific things to specific people ; some would balk at the notion that every trump voter or every le pen voter is part of the alt-right , others would be more than happy to include them -- and that goes for people both inside and outside the movement . 
  my bad , i misunderstood your post . 
  i thought you were disagreeing with the other guy . 
  it 's been a long day . 
  right , i 'm just pointing out that they 're two fundamentally similar problems that people tend to approach very differently . 
  in both instances you have disaffected young men who , by and large , grew up in european countries , but on the periphery of society , who channel their dissatisfaction into violence . 
  but people seem to take a different view of them based on their ethnic backgrounds . 
  most of the irl alt-lite would consider themselves alt-right though . 
  the difference is that no one 's saying lonely white men need to be barred from entering western countries . 
  i think most people would agree that these are both problems , but people seem to approach them rather differently . 
  i mean , alt-right is kind of a nebulous concept , but by some definitions that would be totally accurate . 
  trump 's chief of staff called the media outlet he once ran `` the platform of the ` alt-right , ' '' so in a very real sense trump * is * an alt-right candidate , and and from there , it 's not an unreasonable stretch suggest that the likes of farage or le pen as alt-right . 
  i do n't necessarily think that 's the most * useful * but the definition of the term , but like i said it 's a nebulous concept , and depending on the context , it would n't necessarily be * wrong * to suggest that . 
  there are significant fissures within the alt-right . 
  the people on \\ / r/altright are on one side of that fissure , and claim to uphold a certain standard of purity for what is and is n't alt-right ( a standard which notably excludes jews ) but it 's a relatively small segment of a much wider movement that is n't universally concerned with these standards . 
  it should be , but critics of the alt-right also should n't get too caught up in conflicts of purity within the movement . 
  it 's enough to simply be aware of them , and acknowledge that , like most social movements , there 's not really a clear definition of what is and is n't ` alt-right , ' even amongst people who use the label themselves . 
  there are elements of the movement that are quite anti-semitic , but there are other elements that have no problem with jews , and are actually quite fond of recent israeli policies concerning palestine . 
  perhaps some people in the former group would n't consider the latter to be ` true ' members of the alt-right , but it 's a semantic argument ; they 're both part of the same movement . 
  there are kind of two different segments of the alt-right , that have broadly similar views , but differ on important points concerning how accessible the movement should be as opposed to how ` pure ' it should be . 
  \\ / r/altright is full of hardliners who are basically just neo-nazis , who are co-opting the wider ` alt-right ' brand in order to get their ideology out there . 
  they 're very concerned with ` gate keeping ' so to speak , but the wider alt-right does n't necessarily abide by their standards , and in fact , predates the use of the label by neo-nazis . 
  many of the people who look at themselves as alt-right are n't openly racist or anti-semitic , and some even look at the israeli right as comrades in their farcical fight against islam . 
  in fact , this was the case of the guy who originally coined the phrase ` alt-right , ' who was , himself , jewish . 
  ultimately both are pretty hateful , but not all are as open about their hate , or direct it at the same targets . 
  honestly , with issues this complicated , if you 're not citing a peer-reviewed paper , you might as well not cite anything , there 's about as much value either way . 
  i 'd also argue that the burden of proof on the second comment is much greater than on the first , as it 's a much more heterodox view . 
  there 's certainly nothing wrong with bucking the conventional wisdom ( although in this case i 'd say the neoclassical view is extremely simplistic ) but if you are going to , you need pretty compelling evidence . 
  internally the ussr may have been a closed market , but it still was just one nation amongst many -- communism technically calls for a stateless global society , which the ussr obviously was n't -- so it had to deal in international trade , and subsequently was n't immune to global economic shocks , which were often exacerbated by poor policy and rampant corruption . 
  how do you do away with too big to fail ? 
  it was n't banks that failed in the last financial crises , it was the entire market for mbss . 
  you might be able to compartmentalise the damage a little bit better if the banks invested in that market are smaller and more numerous , but the fact of the matter is that market is going bust one way or the other and there 's no way a market that big can tank without people feeling it . 
  this is a huge debate in economics and is by no means settled science as you make it out to be . 
  it 's fine to have an opinion , but a blog from a random danish consulting firm is hardly definitive proof of exogenous crises . 
  i mean i do n't have a problem with liberalism in theory , what i do n't like is conservatives masquerading as liberals , only to pick and choose when they want to be concerned with liberty based on seemingly arbitrary factors . 
  tapping the phones of union leaders and sending police to break picket lines is doing a little more than simply withdrawing past support . 
  unless your position is that that should be the natural state of affairs , in which case i might suggest that this might be more a matter of you looking at the issue from an anti-union perspective than me taking a pro-union position . 
  no you could argue that the strikers broke their contracts with the ncb , and that the government should respond in such a heavy-handed manner * such a situation , but that 's not a matter of economic liberty , that 's about maintaining law and order , pure and simple . 
  her government actively and publicly sought to undermine the unions , in no way was it simply withdrawing past support . 
  the history you 're trying to advance here is completely revisionist . 
  there 's no unanimous agreement on what liberty does and does n't entail full stop . 
  the hypocrisy is in the fact that she -- or at least her supporters -- seemed to act as though her conception of liberty was definitive . 
  people talk about her like everything she did was in the name of personal liberty , but what liberties , and for who ? 
  her understanding of what liberty actually entailed was ultimately pretty narrow , and mostly served the interests of a small few . 
  the union issue is a perfect example of that . 
  the fact of the matter is that her government absolutely * was * willing to get involved in labour disputes , but only insofar as it undermined the unions . 
  if she were truly liberal she would have simply let the num and the ncb work things out amongst themselves , but instead her security services treated the strikers as subversives , tapping their phones , and trying to recruit informers from within their ranks . 
  if that 's your definition of liberal , then i guess she was a liberal , but to me that 's law-and-order conservatism . 
  the discovery of oil in the north sea is what made britain the economic power it is today , just like blair benefited from the tech boom . 
  one wonders if the irony of independent market forces being responsible for the economic growth their governments are widely credited with would be lost on them . 
  in truth , thatchers biggest contribution was in spending that oil revenue on tax cuts that mostly impacted the wealthy , rather than creating a sovereign wealth fund to help finance the welfare state , the way norway did with their portion of the oil . 
  because the idea of a state-run company controlling those oilfields was anathema to thatcher 's ideology , the public benefit of that oil was limited to the jobs it created , and the revenue generated by taxing the oil companies . 
  neither of these factors are inconsiderable -- like you said , it helped the uk reassert itself as an economic powerhouse after a sluggish decade -- but when one looks at the benefit the norwegian people have derived from their 67 % share of statoil , it seems hard to argue that privatisation was the best route here . 
  thatcher talked the liberty talk , but when the shit hit the fan she was a law and order conservative in the american mould . 
  she was happy to talk about liberty when it came to privately run railroads , but if you wanted the liberty to strike for better pay or conditions , she 'd break out the billy clubs . 
  as god intended . 
  i thought he was talking about a hypothetical candidate , but reading it back , i could be wrong . 
  and internationalism and globalism may have meaningful differences , but i doubt the average right-wing populist appreciates them . 
  even in america , most people would recognise that as the universal symbol for ok . 
  i mean , the loudest voices on the far left right now are anti-globalist , but historically there 's been a strong internationalist movement within marxism . 
  idk , i feel like his last was at best a draw . 
  i mean , the entire point of nato was to be a deterrent against soviet , and later russian aggression , so the fact that it never * needed * to engage in defensive military actions means that it 's done it 's job . 
  it 's also taken on other roles since the end of the cold war , but it still is very much a deterrent against russian aggression . 
  the left right spectrum in general is stupid , but if we are going to use it , that 's how the major parties in europe stack up . 
  yes there are political ideologies that fall outside that spectrum , but none are really represented by serious political parties . 
  also , neo-liberalism is n't really a political ideology unto itself , it 's just the predominant modern form of liberalism , common to most of europes moderate right . 
  i know , my point is that the modern ps is n't that far from macron , so it stands to reason that they 'd endorse him , their endorsement is n't really that meaningful . 
  given hamon 's rather poor showing , it would seem that the french left have rejected the more left-wing ps he represented , in favour of an outsider . 
  it would stand to reason , then , that ps does n't really speak for the french left . 
  social democrats are definitely centre-left in europe , with socialists and greens of various stripes to their left , and communists on the far left . 
  social liberals are centrist or centre-right , liberal conservatives are further to the right , and on the far right you have nationalists . 
  is the modern ps really that left wing though ? 
  i 've talked to a lot of people who look at macron and hollande as pretty much interchangeable . 
  hamon is obviously a good deal further left than hollande , but i still would n't take pss endorsement of macron as being indicative of the entire left . 
  and out of curiosity , how would you describe podemos if not left wing ?
