  it was a reactionary response to the more progressive islam of the time . 
  muslims will likely see that as a false choice . 
  whether they 're modern , progressive , and normal , or reactionary and bigoted , i 'd think most muslims are probably going to see themselves as both good people and good muslims . 
  well , i would n't expect anything less from that cesspool . 
  i guess the point i 'm trying to get at is that humanity is vast and varied , some of it good , some of it bad , a lot of it pretty ambiguous , but above all else complex -- certainly far too complex to make such sweeping statements and expect them to hold any useful amount of truth . 
  i do n't know , i feel like over the years plenty of death and violence have come about as a result of christianity despite christ 's being a pretty enlightened guy . 
  the link between the foundation of the religion and the nature of the culture ( s ) it inspires is , to me , tenuous at best . 
  most of this stuff happened so long ago that even when we do have a good idea of what actually happened , the popular record of it is so vague and so widely disagreed upon that the academic history is more or less irrelevant . 
  hell , the gospels were mostly written decades , even centuries after jesus lived , be people who may or may not have known the man , and in the centuries since then there 's been practically no end to the -- often violent -- differences of interpretation . 
  people will claim that this or that holy book supports their view , whatever that view may be . 
  which of these views , if indeed any of them , it actually supports is pretty much irrelevant . 
  you can make a decent case for most of these interpretations , but for the most part no one you 're going to make the case to is going to give a shit one way or the other . 
  some people may see islam as a religion of peace , others may not . 
  neither side is necessarily right or wrong , because religion , like all social constructs , is what you make of it . 
  if people choose to make something awful of it , to me that 's more a reflection of that person than the religion they use to justify their actions . 
  the book itself is effectively neutral ; it 's what we make of it that 's good or bad . 
  i mean sure , there are plenty of fucked up things in the quran , but it 's not like every christian follows the gospels to the letter . 
  people will pick and choose what the like and dislike however they see fit anyway , it almost does n't matter . 
  interestingly in myanmar right now , muslims are being violently repressed by buddhists , of all people . 
  christians in central africa are killing plenty of muslims , as well as vice-versa . 
  there really are n't hard and fast rules with these things . 
  people will do what they 'll do more or less regardless , and justify it however they see fit . 
  one person interprets a text this way , another that way ; some will ignore a passage , others play it up . 
  in most cases the book is n't even what matters , it 's what it inspires , and that can vary pretty widely . 
  that 's not really saying much , literally everyone is more progressive than tony abbott . 
  i 'm secretly part of isis , it 's all a conspiracy to take your job and give it to some brown person . 
   important thing is the various reasons why racism is wrong and terrible , and if someone argues for ideas or ideology that shares some of those reasons , then one should criticize them for those reasons you basically made the point i was trying to make in my original comment . 
  islam may not be a race , however , to use my earlier words verbatim , `` it 's still something most people are born into by virtue of their culture . 
  most contemporary racism comes down to culture anyway ; it really has n't been purely about skin color in the modern era . '', 
  what i 'm saying is that no one here is worried about the basic physical distinctions from which we might establish concepts of `` race , '' we 're concerned with the cultural identities at play . 
  whether or not prejudice against groups so defined constitutes racism is beside the point ; either way it 's a form of bigotry that needs to be watched carefully . 
  i was also objecting to the notion that islam is merely an ideology , but that 's not really as relevant to this discussion . 
  i actually never said that islamophobia was racism . 
  i said that islam is a part of the culture many people are born into , and that the contemporary study of race focuses more on race as a cultural distinction than a physical one . 
  the implication of this statements was that anti-islamic sentiment often carries with it racist sentiments , whether intended or otherwise , but i did not mean to imply that islamophobia was racism , and i certainly did n't state that directly . 
  my point is that religion is often an important part of the cultural distinctions on which contemporary concepts of race are forged . 
  i 'm not trying to say that the ideology of islam is beyond question , only that islam is more than simply an ideology , and that when people deal with islam , they have to be aware that what they are dealing with is much bigger than a simple set of ideas , and in many ways defines a culture that they themselves may not be a part of . 
  yes , in may ways islam is an ideology , but it 's not at all the same as being a tory or a communist or whatever . 
  religion tends to be a part of people 's identity in a way that political ideologies usually do n't . 
  it defines much of the culture many of these migrants come from , so much so that it 's difficult to extricate the two . 
  we can definitely criticize the practices we see as inhumane , or backwards , but it 's dangerous to criticize the entirety of the muslim religion , because it is much bigger than a set of ideas . 
  i grew up in the us , but now live in scotland . 
  do you have an issue with people sporting the flag of their home ? 
  so that makes it okay ? 
  my point is that islam , and religion more generally , is still an important part of the culture many people are born into , and it 's not right to slag off that culture . 
  whether or not it constitutes `` racism '' in the strictest sense is beside the point -- although i 'd argue that at least as it refers to islam , there are often racial implications that get ignored . 
  i do n't think it will , but i think people who portray it as some doomsday scenario are right to do so . 
  i would n't necessarily be against a quota system of sorts if it comes down to it , but there 's a lot the eu can do to make the number of migrants more sustainable . 
  for one thing , the eu needs to get it 's house in order . 
  in the state the european economy is in right now , with 10 percent unemployment , it 's really not well prepared to accept immigrants , especially given that many of those immigrants first arrive in southern european economies which are the worst off . 
  this highlights two problems . 
  first , the lack of fiscal transfer mechanisms in place within europe , which means the euro inherently advantages some economies over others . 
  second , the lack of willingness by many eu countries to take on new immigrants -- even when may of those countries are better prepared to shoulder the burden than those currently reeling under the pressure . 
  europe certainly has the capacity to take in more migrants if we 're just looking at current population and land area , the issue is the economy currently is n't healthy enough to really do anything for these people . 
  it is worth mentioning though that population growth does necessarily spur output growth , even if it also can cause slight decreases in gdp per capita in some cases due to diminishing marginal utility . 
  that would n't be an issue so much if the economy had the capacity to take in these new people better , and in fact population growth coupled with increases in per capita output can have a huge effect on growth . 
  secondly , there 's a lot the eu could be doing in africa and , to some extent , the middle east to improve conditions there , and improve cooperation with the local governments which would lessen the immigration difficulties considerably . 
  i 'm not talking about military interventionism necessarily , either -- reforming the common agricultural policy would be huge , for instance . 
  but it 's worth mentioning that when european nations do decide to take an interventionist attitude , they need to stick actually commit to ding it right ; libya was as much a french/british initiative as it was an american one , but all three nations basically abandoned the nation to it 's devices afterwards , and that 's played a part in both the migrant crisis we 're seeing now , as well as spreading islamic extremism , which is an issue a lot of people , both rightly and wrongly , connect with immigration . 
  i mean , i know it 's a very widespread issue , that does n't mean we should just accept it in all forms . 
   why would anyone need to defend muslims or islam on this subreddit ? 
  because you often encounter people who do n't understand this point :  of course the majority of muslims are perfectly fine people . 
  the community itself is n't all that anti-islam , the issue is , whenever we get a post that is , it gets disproportionately upvoted by racists who regularly brigade this sub and others like it , meaning that it 's more likely to end up in / r/all then say something about the greek debt crisis or eurovision or whatever , and then people get the impression that we 're a racist sub . 
  i 'm actually convinced we 're still a silent , apathetic majority around here . 
  yeah but when a fairly significant portion of those votes can come from folks brigading the site over a certain issue , the supposedly democratic process ends up getting co-opted . 
  yeah , but now it 's a festering * racist * shithole . 
  it 's still something most people are born into by virtue of their culture . 
  most contemporary racism comes down to culture anyway ; it really has n't been purely about skin color in the modern era . 
  no , that 's an average of 1.4 million per year between those years . 
  so 14 million total between 2000 and 2010 . 
  that 's 40 percent more than the eu faces , and in a nation 60 % percent the size of the eu . 
  the math works out to between two , and two-and-a-half times the immigration rate europe would be facing * if * all 1 million of those `` goat herders '' ended up making it to europe in a single year . 
  it 's also worth noting that roughly half of those 14 million were illegal immigrants , not handpicked by the us government . 
  i think his point was that some people consider it animal cruelty , and that that should n't be tolerated in the name of religious belief . 
  treason , sure , but you ca n't try people for war crimes if they did n't actually commit a war crime themselves . 
  one million looks like a much bigger number than it is , provided the eu will take on the task rather than leave it for the mediterranean countries to deal with themselves . 
  * if * those one million would-be migrants all make it to europe in a single year , and are adequately distributed throughout the eu , it 'll be just one immigrant for every 507 people currently residing in the eu , meaning about a fifth of a percent of the population per year . 
  that 's kind of a lot , but it 's not terrible . 
  since , for some reason , you want to talk about the us , it 's perhaps worth noting that the us saw 1.4 million immigrants per year between 2000 and 2010 , meaning about a half of a percent of the total population per year . 
  now obviously it wo n't do to have all of these people enter the eu , especially not in a single year , but to call increases like that unsustainable to the point of leading to the aforementioned post apocalyptic scenario . 
  that is * if * the eu responds to it adequately . 
  it 's a definite risk , and if that does happen , it will hit southern european countries that can ill afford it the hardest . 
  but would it be worse than a euro exit for those countries ? 
  tough to say , especially because neither is mutually exclusive . 
  i hardly think europe will be disintegrated and left in ruins by immigration . 
  it 's definitely an issue , but it 's not like failing to tighten up border control will lead to some post-apocalyptic scenario . 
  it sounds like there may have only been one gunman . 
  up to 37 now . 
  hopefully it wo n't continue to rise from here . 
  the other two were likely related to is , this is a domestic islamist organization it sounds like . 
  the other few probably are n't coincidences , but this one might well be . 
  there was another mass tourist shooting there in a museum a few months ago that was n't really all that heavily reported on , at least that i remember . 
  the 40 % figure is refugees , right ? 
  it could be that a lot of those folks actually do expect to go home at some point , and do n't think they 'll be there long enough . 
  it could also be that they are located in camps or in largely migrant communities where everyone speaks their language , and they simply do n't see the need to learn danish . 
  they may also know english , which would make knowing danish slightly less important . 
  either way it 's an issue that needs to be addressed , but it 's probably more complicated than just refugees being lazy . 
  so pensions have basically been cut to the extent that is reasonable , then ? 
  you 're not wrong , but the difference is that in the us , the security issues the patriot act was responding to were n't really related to the us 's immigration `` problem . '', 
  american `` ghettos '' do n't tend to be particularly migrant heavy though .
