  it definitely is n't , but it 's also worth noting that while scotland 's budget deficit is pretty high , that 's mostly been because of the collapse of oil in the last year or so , and the actual debt remains very manageable as a percent of gdp -- in fact measured relative to gdp , it 's i think the third lowest in europe . 
  it would n't be difficult for scotland to adopt a currency pegged to the euro in order to increase trade with the eu , at which point both the less valuable currency , and the increase in gdp would help cut the deficit , meaning spending cuts would n't have to be quite so drastic . 
  depending on how quickly scotland would be expected to get on the euro properly , it could be spread out over a number of years to lessen the impact further . 
  scotland would definitely have to get on the euro at some point , but i do n't see there being much opposition to that , especially if by that point the scottish pound were to have been pegged to the euro for several years leading up to that anyhow . 
  my point is that holyrood would likely be very willing to adopt the euro given that scotland currently does n't have it 's own currency , while plenty of other countries commitments are purely on paper . 
  i actually disagree . 
  i think for scotland to build a modern , competitive economy , it 's exports have to be competitive , and there are few currencies less competitive in that respect than sterling . 
  the euro would not only remove barriers to trade with the eu , but would also allow scottish goods and services to compete there on an even footing , as well as improving competitiveness elsewhere in the world -- particularly the us , scotland 's single largest trading partner outside the uk , and china , which will be a huge market for both financial services and distilled beverages , two of scotland 's biggest products . 
  the euro would mean a major new barrier for trade with the rest of the uk , which like i said , is scotland 's largest trading partner at the moment . 
  that would hurt , no doubt about it , but it would be partially mitigated again by the favourable exchange rate for importers in ruk , and in the long run , there 's more opportunity for growth further afield in my mind . 
  it 's also worth considering that the uk economy will likely go through a couple years of recession following brexit , which will not be good for scotland 's exports either way , but especially if scotland remains in the uk . 
  generally speaking i oppose currency unions , as i think countries ought to have control over their own monetary policy , but given that scotland will be in a currency union pretty much either way , i 'd say the euro is definitely the preferable of the two . 
  the collapse of oil is going to be an issue either way , the question is , is it better for scotland to rely on the favourability of the barnett formula forever or to actually try and build a modern economy . 
  plenty of eu countries are not on the euro but are ostensibly working towards it . 
  scotland could join the eu with it 's own currency pegged to the euro while it worked towards the necessary budget deficit numbers . 
  it would make scotland one of the few non-euro eu countries that actually * is * working towards the euro . 
  the euro is still noticeably lower than the pound , in part because bexit has also hurt the euro , albeit not as much . 
  i think the weaker currency would actually be a plus for scotland though . 
  higher consumer prices because of the weaker currency would n't be significantly more problematic than higher consumer prices in the uk due to weakened trade , and it could potentially be a major boon to scottish exports . 
  the snp also has a massive majority of the scottish mps . 
  how much that actually matters is an open question , but it does n't hurt . 
  look if you want to take that shit seriously , that 's on you i suppose , but being offended by everything is no way to go about life . 
  i mean you can argue over whether ironic racism/sexism etc. 
  is any different from the genuine article , personally i think it very much is different , but i think a lot of it depends on your sense of humour . 
  i mean , if you actually want to get into it , some feminists will refer to men in general when speaking about male gender roles , the idea being that by being controversial , you creates discussion . 
  personally , i think this creates needless controversy about something that fundamentally out to be uncontroversial . 
  whatever you may think of it , the intention is definitely to fight the notion that there is a right kind of man . 
  in fact a lot of her earlier controversial tweets have been complaining about guys who think they 're ` nice guys ' or ` one of the good ones . ', 
  i 'm just realising how ridiculous it is that i know so much about a swedish pop star ... 
  i 'm going to blame it on my swedish flatmates , and my fondness for blonds who are into women 's rights . 
  she 's definitely made comments like this in the past that people flip out over when it 's clearly just a wind up , and she says she intentionally tries to get people mad . 
  i do n't think this whole approach of being needlessly provocative to start a dialogue is necessarily the best way to approach these issues , especially in a context like this , but people are still taking it way too seriously . 
  it 's ridiculous how much stock people put too into the twitter proclamations of an 18-year-old . 
  like do people honestly think she categorically hates all men ? 
  because i promise you no one thinks that way , even post-adolescent firebrands who think they 've got the world figured out . 
  well for one , saying `` i hate men '' on twitter is n't the same as starting the most devastating war in human history and genociding 12 million people . 
  for another , i do n't know that hitler ever went on to say the holocaust was just a joke . 
  finally , * clearly * no one thinks that all men ( or for that matter , all women ) should be killed . 
  the very notion of eliminating half of humanity ( and with it humanity 's ability to reproduce ) is obviously absurd , and is intended to be absurd . 
  now whether or not you think there 's value in being absurd in that way is another argument entirely , and i 'm inclined to think it 's a pretty stupid and needlessly provocative way to spur discussion . 
  but it should n't have to be said that it 's a joke . 
  if that kind of thing offends you , you frankly need to grow a thicker skin , because all your doing is demanding political correctness of another sort . 
  i get that not everyone agrees with her comments , and that 's totally fine . 
  i think they 're kind of dumb myself . 
  but this is actually the stupidest comment i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  i mean you ca n't honestly think that an 18-year-old trolling people on twitter is the same thing as the fucking holocaust , can you ? 
  i mean i do n't think it 's a great way to start a dialogue either , but i highly doubt she categorically hates all men , or is advocating for others to feel that way . 
  nah , probably a lot of angry tweets and buzzfeed articles shaming them and stuff like that , but probably not nearly as many death threats as women get for this kind of shit . 
  she 's a self admitted troll , i do n't know why people take the ` hating men ' stuff so seriously , when it 's so obviously a wind up . 
  probably would n't get so many death and rape threats tho . 
  that 's likely because the prevailing feeling is that theresa may will be the next pm , and she 's generally seen as being less enthusiastic about brexit and more likely to favour eea membership or something similar . 
  if that does come to pass , britain will probably be fine . 
  if it does n't you 'll see that index drop pretty severely . 
  sure , but i think that 's all op really means when he says that scottish representatives have a right to discuss with eu representatives . 
  denmark has pretty much total control over greenland 's international affairs , which is pretty much the relevant policy area here . 
  it 's really not that different . 
  i mean i 'd say that term applies too . 
  it 's a bit of a semantic argument to be honest , i was just pointing out that it is n't necessarily racism , but is still bad . 
  either way it 'll be a major change to the constitution , i do n't see how one change is necessarily more difficult than the other . 
  how is that different ? 
  the uk is not a country , it is analogous in this situation to the kingdom of denmark . 
  scotland is a country within that kingdom , just as the country of denmark and the country of greenland are ( and the faroe islands ) . 
  it 's a different situation still , because one of the subordinate countries is wanting to stay in the eu while the rest of the kingdom leaves , rather than a subordinate country leaving while the rest of the kingdom stays , so it might be a different situation legally , but the relationship between country and kingdom is pretty similar , unless i misunderstand the relationship of the danish constituent countries . 
  which is somewhat dumb , because it would set a political ( though probably not legal ) precedent for the circumstances under which a seceding state may join the eu -- namely , when the parent state withdraws , which i do n't expect spain to do any time soon . 
  all of which also have their own meps . 
  that 's not really hard right now , westminster seems to be a few steps behind itself . 
  well i mean it 's not really racist in the technical sense , so much as xenophobic . 
  in fairness , neither do most muslims in the uk . 
  at least most of the ones i 've encountered . 
  the circle jerk will soon gain self awareness . 
  i 'm not sure that 's the best way to go about visiting iceland . 
  rupert murdoch is darth plaeguis confirmed . 
  in fairness , supposedly le pen and putin were already pretty cozy . 
  aye , and many scots made it based on the assertion from down south that if scotland left , it would mean leaving the eu . 
  maybe that was true , maybe it was n't , but fat load of difference it makes now . 
  not until october . 
  which means article 50 wo n't be invoked until october at the earliest . 
  bad for the markets , but it gives the parties a chance to get their heads on straight and maybe come up with a fucking plan , which is probably more important in the long run . 
  you 're not helping your country 's cause here . 
  haha , i did n't see yours . 
  beautiful . 
  and they say germans are n't funny . 
  you 're the hero i need . 
  historically the euro has usually been worth about 80 % of what the pound is worth ( depending on the exact moment in history of course ) and that remains true even right now . 
  if the uk does properly leave the eu ( and does n't get some other deal with the eu going ) they 'll face recession , which will mean the pound could stay this weak for a long time , but eventually the weak pound will help get exports up , the economy will return to growth -- albeit likely 5-10 percent behind where it otherwise would be depending on how bad the recession is -- and the pound will return to it 's former position , beloved by currency traders , and hated by exporters ( that 's an oversimplification , but you get my point ) . 
  at that point scotland will be faced with the daunting task of building a modern export economy with a strong currency and no free trade with europe . 
  keep in mind also that this could lead to recession or stagnation in europe , which would mean a weak euro . 
  there are also other potential issues the euro faces in the next few years that could knock it down further as well . 
  that 'll do . 
  i mean scotland actually has n't suffered from austerity as much as the rest of the uk , partially because the barnett formula means we typically receive more in spending than scottish taxpayers contribute . 
  we 've still had to deal with the same slow recovery as the rest of the uk , because shockingly , contractionary fiscal policy does ' t really help growth , but we have n't suffered too horribly . 
  the big thing hurting scotland right now is the poor oil economy , but in truth scotland 's economy has been relying on oil too long , and there 's no way we 're going to see it modernised out of the eu . 
  most people -- especially those who voted against leaving -- never thought this was actually going to happen , and like i did , and plenty on the leave side were essentially lied to . 
  no , i mean domestic demand . 
  demand from overseas drops , so the only way to keep production levels the same is to increase demand domestically . 
  increasing supply when there 's no demand to match is just wasting resources and does nothing to help the economy . 
  they have to increase demand which means they have to increase spending and lower interest rates to improve borrowing . 
  of course that will also mean consumer prices go up even more , which they were already going to do because imports will get more expensive with the brexit . 
  there 's no way this is going to be easy . 
  honestly , most of the country did not see this coming , and if this * were * your country , you 'd know that .
