  china actively encourages women to enter the workforce , and the us certainly does n't do anything that actively discourages it . 
  both invest pretty heavily in their domestic economies ( though in the us that can change based on who 'd president ), 
  you can get away without a government mandated minimum wage if you have institutionalised collective bargaining . 
  pretty sure that 's how norway does it . 
  if no one should be forced to do anything , why is it the governments place to decide how many children a couple should have , or what their family situation should be ? 
  look at his post history , he 's a conservative catholic , naturally he 's going to judge a countries success on it 's ability to ` be fruitful and multiply . ', 
  it 's not , because nafta did n't have a local remedies requirement . 
  tpp definitely does , and i believe ttip does as well . 
  that 's not what a sphere of influence is . 
  it 's not a matter of geography , it 's a matter of political ties , and finland 's political ties to russia are n't anything like georgia 's or ukraine 's . 
  for instance , the philipines is in the us 's sphere of influence , while cuba is not . 
  it 's not just a matter of military alliances though it 's about political influence . 
  russia does n't have nearly as much political influence in finland as it did in pre-euromaidan ukraine , there 's not much reason for them to see finland as threatening their sphere of influence . 
  in the event of a wider conflict maybe , but that 's not the sort of thing sanctions are going to stop . 
  sanctions are an effective deterrent for smaller scale territorial aggression , but i do n't see finland as being particularly vulnerable in that respect beyond it 's geographic position . 
  that 's not really true though , even going back to pre-revolutionary america , the 13 colonies ( as well as the various other british colonies in the new world that did n't ultimately become part of the us ) shared a pretty cohesive identity , certainly more so than contemporary europe . 
  i mean the whole idea of the european project was that we 'd all succeed together , but the flip side of that is we all fail together , as well . 
   it 's the second step of natural selection after survival are you worried that a low birth rate in germany will lead to a less robust human race ? 
  i feel like that 's not a very realistic concern . 
   it 's currently the best method for sustaining a population without importing millions of syrian migrants . 
  what 's inherently better about sustaining a certain population , beyond the immediate need to provide for the elderly ( which disappears after a generation ) ? 
  and why is it such a terrible thing to allow migrants from the middle east to make up that difference ? 
  if ttip is anything like tpp , the actual risks posed by isds are * way * overblown . 
  i 'm fairly certain investors still have to go exhaust local remedies before they can get into isds , and there are exemptions regarding a states right to act in the interest of it 's citizens ( i.e. 
  an oil company ca n't sue for lost profits because of cap and trade legislation ) . 
  i mean , they can do both . 
  although to be honest , both sides * greatly * exaggerate their actual effect . 
  i totally understand how finn 's would be very concerned with russian aggression , but i really do n't think finland -- or for that matter , even the baltics -- has to worry about that the same way ukraine or belarus might . 
  the war in eastern ukraine -- just like war in south ossetia a few years ago -- is a result of states within russia 's sphere of influence getting too close to the west after euromaidan ; finland is already a part of the eu and is well outside russia 's sphere of influence . 
  a falling tide lowers all boats . 
  well doing more would imply the economy improving . 
  what he 's saying implies doing less , with less . 
  christian democrats are centre-right , but by supporting immigration , merkel alienated some o the party 's support from the far right , which resulted in the popularity of afd . 
  how is a low birth rate a failure ? 
  wait , so are you saying immigrant students should be separated ? 
  does n't that make it kind of hard for them to integrate ? 
  the group that later formed the core of what is now daesh formed in 1999 , but if iraq was still run by the predominantly sunni baathist party , that portion of the population likely would n't have seen the sort of marginalisation they have been since 2003 ( and especially between 2006 and 2014 under maliki ) . 
  so yes , it 's unlikely that it would have ever become as large or as influential as it has had the us never invaded the country . 
  either way , though , the point remains that the syrian civil war is much bigger than just daesh , and would likely have happened regardless of american intervention in the region . 
  the american media has focused their coverage of the conflict primarily on daesh , but the truth of the matter is , they 're just one part of a much larger conflict . 
  in fact they are n't even involved in the most important fighting going on right now . 
   i 've noticed a lot of europeans hopping on the `` blame america train '' without really thinking through what they 're saying . 
  tbf i 've noticed plenty of americans doing the same . 
  the iraq war was a mistake that 's had a profound effect on the region , but it 's hardly the sole cause of strife . 
  people do n't seem to realise there 's a middle ground to be had between blaming the us for everything and excusing the us for everything . 
  one can oppose the iraq war without claiming it to be the root of all evil . 
  you understand the syrian civil war is much bigger than daesh , right ? 
  it started before daesh were a major player , for reasons that have little to do with why daesh got involved . 
  the war has certainly been shaped by the results of us policy in the region , but it was hardly caused by it . 
  what 's more , there are plenty of other factors at play in the rise of daesh and groups like jan beyond us actions . 
  that 's not to say the iraq war was a good idea , but it 's foolish to treat it like some boogey man that can be blamed for every problem in the region . 
  interestingly enough , not every global event has to do with the us . 
  the syrian civil war would almost certainly have happened regardless of the iraq war . 
  to claim that the entire conflict is a result of american actions in the region is both uninformed and stupidly americentric . 
  the us can be blamed * in part * for the rise of aqi and its subsequent offshoots jan and is , which are partcipating in the war now , but the same might equally be said of iran and shia elements of iraqi society , and saudi arabia can be blamed for popularising the salafist ideology among populations that have bolstered those groups . 
  the thing is , these groups are n't the only opposition , nor were they the original opposition responsible for starting the civil war in the first place . 
  that would have happened more or less regardless of what the us did . 
  i meant in the more antiquated sense of cold war-style geo-strategic power . 
  i 'm sure there are those down whitehall way who 'd be interested in controlling a major oilfield . 
  it 's also not like it 's a huge debt burden , either . 
  we 're talking a similar debt level with like a five percent drop in gdp . 
  it 's not exactly the end of the world for the rest of the uk . 
  certainly at that point the british economy would have larger problems . 
  westminster might still want the oil fields to play at being a geopolitical power . 
  at this point sharing some of the north sea oil would probably be the best move long term . 
  barring a coup in saudi arabia and/or a global ban on fracking , i do n't see the oil industry returning to scotland any time soon , the future of the scottish economy is in trade with continental europe . 
  of course giving up that oil , like you say , wo n't be a popular move . 
  the oil is rightfully scotlands , but then so is a certain portion of the debt . 
  there will certainly be some negotiated settlement . 
  i do n't expect scotland to not to accept any of the uk 's debt burden . 
  but there will likely be a negotiated settlement , and as long as all parties agree , it wo n't hurt either one 's credit . 
  it will be interesting to see what that looks like should scotland actually leave . 
  sure , but what i 'm saying is that i do n't see the snp accepting all of that additional debt . 
  some of it , sure , but they 'll argue that they had little say in how this money was spent , and that the scottish economy was inhibited by british austerity measures . 
  whether or not that 's a legitimate argument , once scotland 's left , there 's not really much westminster can do about that . 
  i 'm talking about spending outside of the barnet formula -- which like you said , is mostly defence spending -- being relatively meagre . 
  the barnett formula does favour scotland , and in recent years since the recession , scotland 's spending has run up debts on top of that . 
  all this contributes to public sector debt that will approach # 50bn pounds by 2020 . 
  that 's pretty high for scotland , in fact it would be more debt than scotland 's ever had . 
  but it 's not that high when compared to other countries of a similar size . 
  # 50bn against a gdp of just under # 150bn would put public sector debt amongst the lowest in europe . 
  except the proportion of that spending that actually took place in scotland is pretty meagre -- certainly far below what would be proportional to scotland 's population , especially when you exclude defence . 
  most non-defence spending in scotland takes the form of payments made to the scottish government , which is where the majority of that 30 % figure comes from . 
  it 's fair to expect scotland to accept responsibility for some of the uks debt , but both sides will disagree on how much is fair . 
  it 's a lot higher -- though still perfectly manageable -- if you attribute a percentage of the the uk 's debt to scotland proportional to scotland 's population , but if scotland were leave the uk , i do n't see how scotland could be compelled to accept those debts , given that a major motivation for scottish independence is the lack of influence scotland has over fiscal policy . 
  if you just look at scotland 's own spending -- which has hardly been frugal , holyrood 's running like a 10 % budget deficit -- then dept to gdp is indeed about 30 % . 
  scotland has the third lowest debt in europe as a percentage of gdp , it 's only like 30 percent . 
  why would scotland be worried about default ? 
  what 's more , scotland would n't be losing access to the uk market . 
  you 'd be increasing barriers to trade , but scotland would also be using a more competitive currency , which would go at least some ways towards mitigating these barriers , though how far would of course depend on how substantial these trade barriers are . 
  with may in charge , i 'm inclined to believe there wo n't be a full departure from the eea , but even if there is , i 'm sure a more specific relationship could be worked out between scotland and ruk , just as there currently is for free movement between ireland and northern ireland . 
  i 'm of the opinion that it wo n't be possible -- or at least wo n't be as easy -- to do that in a britain outside the eu , and i 'm particularly of the opinion that the euro will help scotland compete more internationally instead of basically being confined to selling whiskey and financial services to the english . 
  it 's not just trade deficits , but general deficits that lead to debt within the eurozone ( which trade deficits of course contribute to ) . 
  as of now however , scotland 's overall debt is the third lowest in europe as a percentage of gdp . 
  also , the eu does already make fiscal transfers -- why do you think the brexit campaign was complaining about the uk contributing more than it got back ? 
  -- they just are n't intended to counter the trade imbalances that result from the euro . 
  scotland also has a pretty high gdp per capita , so it would n't be too much of an issue to simply raise taxes were it to become an issue . 
  these are the boons of having control of one 's own fiscal policy . 
  yes , and scotland would be one of those committed to eventual adoption . 
  only it would actually be committed to it , unlike most of those who have committed but have no intention of following through .
