  when enough people vote a certain way to give such a clear mandate to their representatives -- and the landslide in scotland really ca n't be interpreted any other way -- but they simply do n't have enough representatives to fulfill that mandate , i think it 's a pretty clear indication that those people are n't being represented , and that 's an issue . 
  i know it could be argued that this is just how democracies work , and that minorities simply have to deal with the fact that they 're the minority , but this is n't just a usual political minority . 
  this minority is clearly geographically defined , see itself as culturally distinct , and is pretty clearly politically distinct . 
  now i know not all of that voting block wants independence , but i think this paints a pretty clear picture as to why part of it would -- and to me provides a compelling argument as to why more of it should . 
  and as an aside , i 'm clearly not purposefully trying to be obtuse . 
  if anything , you 're accusations could be considered obtuse . 
  and therein lies the problem with the veto . 
  wait , you 're seriously saying the financial sector will stay centered in london despite the imposition of trade barriers and the exclusion of the uk from the rest of europe -- which many banks have already threatened would cause them to leave london -- because ... they wo n't be able to decide between paris and frankfurt ? 
  yeah guys , we 're forgetting the golden rule ; no matter who wins , germany wins . 
  man , what are you trying to make this personal for ? 
  the scottish national party clearly represents the scottish people , and the scottish people are a part of the united kingdom , deserving of representation . 
  if that many people in england ( and evidently wales ) are concerned about scots having that representation , then clearly scotland is n't as valued a member of the union as many were lead to believe during the referendum . 
  i really do n't see how else you can interpret any of this . 
  well , when the different opinion in question is that the uk should leave the eu , and the primary reason for that for many people is `` there are too many immigrants , '' yes , i think it 's fair to say that the opinion is pretty well founded on bigotry . 
  i feel like if anyone actually thinks this will work they have to be profoundly mentally infirm . 
  anyone who 's payed any attention to the euro crisis knows that the eu does not blink first . 
   it 's a major issue what 's the issue ? 
  it was made very clear that scottish independence was not something the snp were pushing as a major campaign issue , their campaign focused almost entirely on the same domestic issues as the other two parties . 
  the narrative was very much `` anti-austerity for the whole of the uk , '' not `` fuck the english pigs . '', 
  if anyone was actually scared off by the notion of the snp in government , it was either for specific disagreements with the snp -- in which case i would definitely call them swing voters -- or shear ignorance . 
  so if they were , for instance , concerned that an snp-backed labour government would n't renew trident , then maybe that 'd make sense . 
  or perhaps they really loved first past the post , and were afraid that if a minority party wielded that much influence , it 'd mean voting reform . 
  if you can get past the obvious foolishness of someone actually supporting ftpt , voting tory would also be logical in that situation . 
  you see these both examples of issues in which snp and labour differ , and if someone would be willing to vote for labour were it not for the prospect of labour being dragged to the left by its northern partners , then i could respect them voting tory instead . 
  but they 'd certainly be a swing voter . 
  and if they were n't a swing voter , if they truly did simply believe that having the overwhelming mandate of the scottish people represented in government , then i think that says something about our union . 
  which was a major reason for the referendum in the first place , the notion that the way scotland votes -- and by extension scotland in general -- does n't matter . 
  snp did far better this time around than labour -- or for that matter any party -- usually do . 
  if anything it would have been a boon to labour had they been willing to form a coalition . 
  yet still , even with a clear majority of scots voting for the left , we end up with a government from the right . 
   which is probably what scared so many people into voting tories in the end why ? 
  these people were presumably the same ones who were calling for scotland to remain part of the union , but now that it has , are unwilling to allow it a voice in that union . 
  if this really is true , that a significant enough portion of the country to make a difference feels as though scotland ought to be seen and not heard , i feel like that says something about the union and our value in it . 
   dedicated voters dedicated tory voters were already going to vote tory , and if they were labor voters who were persuaded to vote tory by the possibility of an snp coalition , then they were n't really very devoted labour voters . 
  in short , anyone who 's vote swung on this issue is definitely a swing voter . 
  how significant that mentality was , i do n't know , but if it really was significant enough to have made a difference , then i think it 's pretty clear scotland should leave the union . 
  if a sizable enough minority of the population to make a difference in a situation like this actually thinks scotland ought not to have a voice in westminster , that 's a serious issue with the foundation of the union . 
  not really , if labour had performed at all , they could have gotten enough seats in england and wales to form some sort of coalition . 
  i suppose you could make the argument that the prospect of a labour-snp coalition scared swing voters into voting tory , but i hardly think that was the decisive factor here , it seems what 's mostly happened is tories winning seats lost by the lib dems . 
  and if it really did come down to that , then it would pretty much prove that scotland has no place in this union . 
  yeah , that was definitely a thing . 
  a few years off from citizenship yet , but i 'd vote snp for westminster , and greens for holyrood ( because they can actually make a difference in the scottish electoral system ) . 
  the weather here is shite , but damn i do love this country politically . 
  everyone on the left has green sympathies , but very few will act on them because of labors stranglehold over the british left wing . 
  the independence debate ( and to a lesser extent the issue of devolution in wales ) has allowed for a viable alternative in scotland , but most on the left in the uk simply vote labor because that 's the only viable option , and they have n't seen a decent challenge . 
  why do you say edinburgh has too much power ? 
  given that i live in edinburgh , i do n't see much of a problem from centralization within scotland , but that certainly does n't mean there is n't one . 
  are there specific issues this is causing , or is it more of a principle thing ? 
  germany sure gets pissy about it considering their own not insignificant involvement . 
   almost opposite political points of view ( not so much economical ) wat, 
  reddit supports ukip . 
  wow , that 's very strange . 
  oh there would n't have been , but it would have solved a lot of these problems . 
  so either way , greece 's ez creditors will still have to lessen their expectations in the immediate term , even if they sell to these international loan sharks . 
  as long as we 're talking about going back in time to prevent this from getting this bad , we could have just included fiscal transfer mechanisms in the ez from the beginning . 
  but could germany get them to fall in line , given that it 's arguably the leader of the ez block opposed to the haircut ? 
  evidently reddit does n't consider the uk europe . 
  i actually like the news and political/economic discussions we seem to be getting more of lately , but i agree it 's nice to just have fun threads where we share our cultures . 
  the brigading thing sucks , but it 's easy enough to downvote obvious racism , and it 's not something that can really be blamed on the sub itself . 
  since when is / r/europe default ? 
  it 's like any circle jerk , it ebbs and flows . 
  as soon as people get too negative or too positive about greece , folks with the opposite opinion feel the need to speak up and the narrative moves in the opposite direction . 
  i highly doubt he would go against the economic orthodox so drastically as to suggest that it * never * works , more that it ca n't work in most situations we 've encountered since 2008 , which has pretty much proven to be true . 
  what 's more , his prescription is a bit more complex than mere devaluation , although that 's part of it . 
  austerity is an approach to supply side economics , which as the name suggests , focuses on the supply portion of the supply-demand duality the concerns so much of economic though . 
  in situations where an economic crisis is brought on by shocks to an economies supply , it can make sense , as it did in the 1970s and 80s , and i 'm sure krugman acknowledges that . 
  but their really are n't too many examples of austerity working recently , certainly none in which the economy in question was hit with a demand crisis , i.e. 
  the majority of the crises that we 've seen post-2008 . 
  i was thinking more in economic terms within the eu than foreign policy with countries outside the eu , but you definitely have a point . 
  it really depends on the situation . 
  what it basically means is that every country in the union negotiates a single contract with gas providers , rather than each nation negotiating a different contract between themselves and the providers . 
  whether that 's good or bad for the country in question in shear price terms depends largely on how the deal they negotiate as part of the union compares to the deal they had previously negotiated . 
  the thing that everyone benefits from is leverage . 
  if germany and russia get in a dispute , russia ca n't just cut off germany 's gas or jack up the price or whatever without doing the same to every other country , which is of course untenable . 
  the other thing is , given this new leverage , the union can negotiate a price that 's probably a bit lower than the average price they used to pay individually , so even if a few countries lose out , the union as a whole benefits , and that will in turn benefit even the countries that lose out on the new deal . 
  so in abstract terms it 's a good thing for the union as a whole , but just how good depends on who you are . 
  unfortunately many in the eu are still prone to provincial thinking . 
  yes , angela merkel , europe 's most prominent proponent of austerity , says austerity has worked for latvia , therefore austerity works . 
  it 's not like she has any sort of stake in the perception or her policies success or anything . 
  let 's also ignore the fact that a couple years of ~ 5 % growth still puts them well behind pre-austerity levels , and that the first year of austerity saw the economy shrink by ~ 17 % . 
  well the troika ( or whatever we 're calling it now ) does require greece to maintain a 4.5 % budget surplus , which for an economy in desperate need of growth is an * incredibly * stupid restriction , one that the greek government absolutely did not choose for itself . 
   you 're either living on the internet or you 're just stupid . 
  anyone who 's living on the internet to that degree * is * just an idiot . 
   what they totally need is that insane primary surplus requirement to go away so much this . 
  when people who support syriza/greece bitch about austerity , the response is always denying that the issue exists at all and instead pinning it entirely on corruption and the bloated private sector . 
  yes these things are issues that prevent greece from spending what it needs to to grow it 's economy , but even then they 're only allowed to spend 95 % of their revenue . 
  increasing that revenue by improving tax collection will improve the situation slightly , sure , but when they 're basically barred from deficit spending , their options are pretty limited regardless . 
  i mean , he 's kind of right . 
  i 'm not arguing that rote memorization should constitute the entirety of our geography education , only that it has it 's place , especially at lower levels , as foundation for more complex , analytical work . 
  yes , well the class should n't consist * entirely * of rote memorization , but a bit of it here and there as groundwork is n't a bad thing . 
  if you 're learning about sarajevo , it helps to know what sarajevo is . 
  it 's very anglocentric . 
  as both an american originally , and someone living in scotland now , it tends to be far more pro-britain ( and by britain i mostly mean england ) then a truly objective news source . 
  it does an alright job , but it 'd far from perfect . 
  memorizing things is n't always bad you know . 
  i mean sure , it 's not a high level of thinking , but it is important to know these things , and that means memorizing in some cases . 
  i think you may have confused empiricism with imperialism . 
  cultural imperialism is generally considered a bad thing . 
  also , the bbc is far from unbiased culturally . 
  it 's frankly irresponsible that this sort of mechanism was n't included in the first place .
