  ditto the ela . 
  how no one foresaw these issues is beyond me . 
  i mean that 's sort of the idea behind democracy , to allow people to change the direction of their country . 
  you 're right that engaging in all sorts of diplomacy and foreign relations complicates matters -- hence the popularity of isolationist movements in various different countries at various different points in history -- but generally speaking , few agreements are so binding in their effects that they ca n't simply be ignored ; the euro is one of them . 
  the ez is literally making them waste it by imposing austerity measures . 
  not sure if you 're saying that subreddit is leaking or you 're actively promoting it . 
  i would n't say they get a * lot * done , and the eurozone has implemented emergency liquidity assistance , which should diffuse the situation should anything like this happen again , but in general you 're right , the american political system looks a lot less functional than it is . 
  sort of complicated who was the rebels and who was the government in that war . 
  they both commanded a pretty decent amount of legitimacy on the international stage , and while the nationalists did seize control of the government in a coup , at that point there was a counterrevolution in support of the republic . 
  but you 're right , the nationalists were definitely the bad guys . 
  what , like people who 'd fought on the republican side and wanted to prove their loyalty to the new government or what ? 
  it would no doubt be historically significant either way , but whether it would occupy the position it does in the public memory of the war is an open question . 
  `` growth investments '' are n't necessarily in the public sector . 
  most spending on infrastructure , for instance , is probably contracted to private construction companies , or at least it ought to be . 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with the public/private split in greece , but stimulus spending is n't intended to focus entirely on the public sector . 
  japan is hardly a model of sustainable debt . 
  some are even beginning to call japan 's debt situation a crisis in its on right , which is potentially a bit of an overstatement , but it 's certainly not a healthy situation . 
  granted , japan 's in a considerably better position than greece , for a lot of the reasons you mentioned , but also because they have their own central bank that does n't have to concern itself with 18 other countries . 
  generally speaking , though , a massive gdp to debt ratio makes it very difficult to pay off debts . 
  the issues you 've cited are all definite obstacles to greece repaying it 's debts , and the ez is right to want to see changes in these areas . 
  but wanting to see austerity is totally counterproductive . 
  the lack of growth is as much a factor as anything else you mentioned , if not more . 
  tax revenue in greece is 30 % of gdp ; definitely on the lower end , but revising it to a more reasonable ~ 40 % is n't going to yield anything like the sort of revenue increases necessary to pay back it 's creditors unless the tax base itself is expanded as well , and that simply wo n't happen to the degree it needs to if austerity measures are forced on the greek government . 
  like i said in another comment , this whole situation is a perfect example of what happens when you enter a monetary union , but not a fiscal one . 
  when an entire bloc of nations enters such a union , they necessarily give up certain aspects of their sovereignty , and that goes both ways -- these decisions effect everyone now , and it is n't right for the voters of any one country to decide what happens . 
  for better or worse , countries in the eurozone do not have the right to pursue their own monetary self interest , and that goes for germany and netherlands as much as it does greece and portugal . 
  i was just making a joke , and not in reference to italy in particular . 
  yeah , no . 
  greece 's debt is something like 175 percent of gdp , they ca n't pay that back with their economy in this shape , and certainly not while continuing to perform the functions a state ought to perform . 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  the only way this amount of debt is sustainable is if it can be brought within gdp , and as it 's too big to take a significant chunk out of through shear cuts -- let alone cuts that would still allow the greek government to perform its duties -- the only option is to try and get the economy to grow to the point where it starts to catch up with the debt , and that , ironically , requires more spending . 
  i honestly do n't understand how even after austerity has pretty much been universally dropped as a means of dealing with stagnant growth , it 's still being pushed on greece as a condition for future loans . 
  how are they supposed to pay back those loans if the only thing they 're allowed to do to spur growth is something that 's been proven pretty ineffective at spurring growth ? 
  the ez is essentially saying , `` here , you can owe us money , but you 're not allowed to do anything that would allow you to pay us back in the future . '', 
  it 's madness . 
  tell that to the executives . 
  as an expat , you hear pretty much all the time about how dysfunctional the us is compared to this or that country , but the truth is , it 's really not . 
  american politics are pretty screwed up , and on a much greater scale than most european countries -- owing to the much greater scale of the country itself -- but not to all that greater of an extent . 
  indeed , compare the problems of europe as a whole to those of the us , and in some ways it 's not even comparable which is more dysfunctional . 
  and yet i spend far too much time trying to convince people that europe is better than the alternative -_-, 
  the whole situation is an exercise in why monetary union without fiscal union ca n't make sense . 
  once a bloc of nations gives up autonomy over its own currency , they do n't really get to complain about other nations having a say in what happens , and that goes both ways . 
  i was more commenting on how this whole situation basically renders greek democracy somewhat irrelevant , rather than specifically blaming the ez . 
  in any case , giving greece money without obligations is obviously not an intelligent idea , but giving them money with specifically counterintuitive obligations ( austerity ) is a far worse idea . 
  more like greece accidentally shot itself while fumbling around with a gun that it should n't have picked up in the first place , and it 's now fighting for life , while half the eurozone wants to put it out of its misery . 
  no one 's comparing it directly colonialism , but this situation hardly reinforces the sovereignty of greece 's democracy . 
  i honestly do n't understand what good the ez thinks the loans are going to do if greece is n't allowed to spend any of that money on its own growth . 
  the greek economy in it 's present state clearly is n't in any sort of shape to pay back it 's existing debts , it will need to grow considerably if it is to provide a basis for the repayment of those debts on top of these new ones . 
  but it 's not going to grow at all under forced austerity . 
  they need to be allowed to spend . 
  actually , by the time obama took over it was pretty clear that maliki was not the guy to lead peace time iraq . 
  he 'd done a great job in combating the mahdi army , but he was pretty clearly uninterested in national unity . 
  in retrospect , the smart thing to do would have been to back another candidate in the presidential elections , one not so caught up in longstanding sectarian and political disputes . 
  unfortunately , the general feeling at the time was that the continued presence of american troops was more important to the future stability of the country than the outlook of the countries leader , and as it was generally agreed that maliki offered the best shot at renewing an acceptable status of forces agreement under which us forces in iraq would be bound , the decision was made to stick with him . 
  the one thing that united pretty much all factions in iraq at the time was the desire to see us forces gone , and there were n't really any options for another presidential candidate that offered both broad appeal , and a willingness to see us forces stay in iraq any longer than they 'd already agreed to . 
  unfortunately , this did n't really pan out , as maliki did n't renew the status of forces agreement . 
  some have suggested this was due to less open relations with the obama administration , but to be perfectly honest , the biggest mistake was that maliki stayed in power at all , because it was his antipathy towards the sunnis that led directly to the expansion of is in iraq . 
  you 're right that obama was n't too keen on maliki , but honestly i ca n't really blame him . 
  the us 's real mistake was that they dealt with him at all , rather than backing another candidate . 
  i mean by now it 's descended into another civil war , which we could have prevented by providing a framework to a new nation , so unless we want to involve ourselves in another civil war , where the situation is much more ambiguous than last time , it sort of is too late . 
  most of these migrants are from subsaharan africa , the boats just come from libya . 
  it 's not an either/or situation . 
  helping topple gaddafi was the right move , it just should have been followed with some form of framework of support for a new stable government . 
   how about germany etc ? 
  guys , i found tsiripas . 
  the us definitely funded groups that would end up joining is and constituting mot of it 's strength in iraq during the sunni awakening between like 2008 and 2011 . 
  it was working wonderfully , too , until maliki decided he did n't want any sunni 's in his security services . 
  most of the easily demonstrable economic gains could be had without the monarchy being funded by the government , or playing a role , however ceremonial in its duties . 
  but ultimately , you 're right it does n't really matter . 
  i think he 's talking about germans , but i do n't know . 
  i feel like you meant to type brothel-goer , but weirdly brother-goer also makes sense in this context . 
  yeah , but they also had dicks . 
  even back then . 
  fellow american ex-pat . 
  i sort of disagree about the humor thing . 
  britain has produced plenty of great comedians and comedy movies and tv shows , but the sense of humor of the average brit is really not all that better from the average american , and in fact much of the humor of daily life is , to my mind , incredibly asinine , often consisting of little more than needless sarcasm that falls flat all the time . 
  maybe it 's just my immediate social circle , but sometimes it 's like everyone 's jay from the inbetweeners without actually realizing it . 
  i 'm american originally , but my roommate is glaswegian and i 've become so used to his accent , and it 's differences from the east coast accent people here have ( we live in edinburgh ) that the other day i heard it from another person and thought it was an american accent at first . 
  i grew up in the us and now live in scotland , and i have to say , i 've been seriously disappointed by britain 's famed whit . 
  mostly it just consists of constant sarcasm , the majority of which falls totally flat . 
  great , you can say something disingenuous . 
  that 's not funny . 
  / int / is a 4chan board i assume ? 
  what ? 
  when did turkey fight russia recently ? 
  i wish more people in the states understood this . 
  it 's the same reason the obama administration has been playing up the `` is are n't true muslims '' narrative , which though lacking in rhetorical substance , does at least combat the narrative is is pushing , namely that it represents muslims the world over . 
  it just goes to show how much media narratives can twist the impressions of even would be impartial judges . 
  that 's obviously far more reasonable , and a move i can absolutely get behind . 
  to be honest , i 'm disappointed labour did n't feel they could take sturgeon up on the deal . 
  hopefully it was just a political move , out of fear that the narrative would indeed go in this direction , because if they ca n't actually support austerity relief of this kind , then i think it 's time i finally lost all hope in the labour party . 
  i 've been supporting snp/greens for a while now , but always in the hope that the dominant labour party would n't make total cocks of themselves . 
  interesting . 
  i 'd definitely support further devolution within the uk to the point of a `` federal '' system , but i 'd definitely want to see scotland move away from the eu in a different direction . 
  i 'm actually an american expat living in scotland , and so my political views tend to be informed to at least some degree by the american new left , so using your dichotomy of social versus economic issues , i 'd consider myself progressive in terms of the former , and somewhat socialist in terms of the latter . 
  as such , i oppose the eu more on the grounds that it is too neoliberal for my liking . 
  it definitely takes a mixed-market european economy as a given to a degree that i can understand a liberal/libertarian being uncomfortable with , but in a lot of ways the eu is also inherently neo-liberal , which i ca n't say i totally support . 
  yeah , i remember sturgeon wanting 180 billion in spending to go to scotland in return for the snp 's support labour , which to be honest struck me as rather petty . 
  i 'd bet we 're heading for a minority government , the only question is whether it 's labour or tory . 
  either way , lib dem and snp votes could prove to be decisive in certain votes .
