  all of these changes would hurt to some degree , but some more than others . 
  eliminating early retirement is n't the worst thing ever so long as you continue to honor the pensions of those who have already retired . 
  raising the retirement age is n't a great thing to do , but again , it 's not the end of the world . 
  the tough bit is that a lot of people were probably planning their personal finances based on retirement at a certain age , and that may not be possible anymore if these things happen . 
  what really hurts is cuts to ekas , which serves as a supplement to the pensions of the lowest income pensioners by as much as 230 euros , which can be a big deal . 
  that will seriously hurt the poor , especially since it means they 'll have to work for longer to get less in the way of pensions . 
  i believe greek pensions have already been cut for higher income folks about as much as is reasonably possible , so it 's not unreasonable for greece to say that any direct cuts to pensions are unacceptable . 
  the real question is the extent to which this constitutes cuts to groups that really ca n't afford to see their pensions limited . 
   given the reception in the eurogroup of sapin 's suggestion that they might have made some mistakes when did this happen ? 
  what 's the story ? 
  in a literal sense , or figuratively speaking ? 
  he 's definitely not a career politician , i do n't think he 'd be all that fussed to have to step down . 
  but i do n't think he 'd like seeing his head on a literal silver platter . 
  at this point those lines are going to be crossed either way ; the only way they could have remained uncrossed is if the troika had been willing to negotiate those terms , but they were n't , and now those changes are happening one way or the other . 
  i mean i suppose an argument could be that the heroes here were being used as a meat shield the same way , but that seems tenuous at best , as it was quite clearly voluntary . 
  but that wo n't stop someone from twisting the interpretation further . 
  that 's the trouble with looking at the theological underpinnings for extremism ; it 's just another interpretation , and there 's no real way to prove it wrong . 
  probably sdl , given the flag -- and the username , although i guess that 's it 's own can of worms -- but same difference . 
  one racist nutter is as good as any other , i suppose . 
   to him who fighteth in the cause of allah , - whether he is slain or gets victory - soon shall we give him a reward of great ( value ) . 
  yeah , because the innocent muslims who died in the attack were definitely combatants in al qaeda 's holy war . 
  seems like shaky justification at best , to me , but i guess that 's never stopped religious extremists in the past . 
  i mean sure , greece still exists as a country , so i guess it could be worse , but this is still bad . 
  like , great depression bad , and about to get worse , one way or the other . 
  greece fucked itself for over a decade while it was simultaneously being fucked by the euro , and by the international banking system . 
  there was never much hope for a way out ; what little hope there was rested in the troika 's willingness to compromise with syriza , and in the end neither side proved all that willing to budge . 
  tough to say at this point , but it seems to me that lagrade would be willing to continue assisting greece should the greek people vote for it . 
  the tuesday deadline is for an imf loan , and if you miss that deadline , it 's not the end of the world , they do n't immediately go into default ; the trouble is that it could lead the ecb to end emergency liquidity assistance , meaning they 'd basically have no way of paying off their other debts to bond holders , at which point they would have to default on that debt . 
  but if the imf is willing to accept the tardiness , and the greek people decide they 'd rather stay in the eurozone even if it means continued austerity , then it 's likely that the tuesday deadline wo n't be that big of a deal . 
  those are big ifs though . 
  greece has been screwed for a while . 
  unless the troika was willing to adopt a different approach , there was never really any hope . 
  yes , greece has only become an economic disaster in the last six months , before syriza it was a shining bastion of economic stability . 
  i ca n't blame him , he 's about to watch his economy crash and burn , one way or the other . 
  in a few days the greeks are going to choose whether they want that to happen quickly or slowly , but at this point it 's going to happen . 
  i would definitely describe european social democracy as centre-left . 
  they certainly are n't syriza , but they 're hardly conservative , even if they 've been increasingly willing to accept the neoliberal status quo since the creation of the euro . 
  not really , there 's plenty of economic precedent for non-neoliberal capitalism in europe . 
  i mean shit , even post-war west germany was a poster child for what a lot of left-wing eurosceptics would advocate . 
  he did n't say anything about capitalism , he said this neoliberal * form * of capitalism . 
  in some cases maybe , but you 're generalizing . 
  there are absolutely people who oppose the current state of the eu , but support a level of cooperation and coordination between european countries . 
  technically they do n't default if they miss an imf payment , as is likely to happen here , they just go into arrears . 
  the issue is that if the ecb responds to this development by limiting ela -- which it looks like they have -- they 'll start missing bond payments pretty soon , and * then * they 'll have no choice but default . 
  that 's kind of how macroeconomic policy tends to work in my experience . 
  why ? 
  that all happened centuries , even millenia ago , and since then both religions have inspired their fair share of both hatred , and kindness . 
  seems to me their distant histories are only as relevant as practitioners want them to be . 
  i 'm not saying that is n't the case , i just do n't think it has any real relevance . 
  jesus was , so far as we can tell , a pretty chill guy , but plenty of atrocities have been committed in his name alongside all the charitable acts and kindness he 's inspired . 
  no reason islam ca n't go the same way just because mohammed might have been an asshole . 
  sure , but i think the original point was that if you look at what we believe about mohammed as a person from an historical standpoint , you can see how islam could be a violent religion . 
  all i 'm trying to say is that that correlation does n't really mean much of anything . 
  jesus , like you said , was a pretty decent person by all accounts , but in the 2000 years since he lived , there 's been a lot of bad shit done in his name , same way there 's been a fair amount of good shit too . 
  islam 's no different . 
  mohammed may or may not have been a good person , but that does n't necessarily need to have a direct impact on the way the modern religion is practiced . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not a buddhist . 
  but i do n't know what teachings are being used to justify islamic extremism either , as i 'm not a muslim . 
  the point i was originally trying to get at is that people will interpret their religion however they see fit ; how we interpret it does n't really make a difference . 
  we can point to islam as a violent religion , or a `` religion of peace , '' and at the end of the day , that 's not going to change how muslim 's think of their religion . 
  same goes for buddhism . 
  i can look at what 's going on in myanmar and say , `` well clearly that goes against buddhist teachings '' but there 's still gon na be bald guys in saffron robes with molotovs who disagree with me , and at that point , what can i say ? 
  this is sort of an issue i have with criticism of religions based on scripture . 
  i feel like all too often we miss the point , and that 's sort of what i 've been trying to get at throughout this thread . 
  it 's easy for us to look at any holy book as outsiders , and say `` well clearly , it means this this and this , but not that or that . '', 
  and sure , that interpretation is probably as valid as any other . 
  but we are n't the arbitrators of `` true '' buddhism , or `` true '' islam . 
  just because we see it one way , does n't mean some believers will see it that way , and we can argue about the theology of it until the cows come home , it 's not going to change the fact that they simply see it differently . 
  i would n't know what part of buddhist teachings endorse this , as i 'm not a buddhist , but i can see why you 'd ask that question -- clearly this sort of activity is n't at all what we would expect from a religion like buddhism . 
  yet here it is , being used to incite violence . 
  this is , without a doubt , a unique interpretation of buddhist philosophy ; it 's certainly doubtful that many buddhists around the world look at their way of life this same way . 
  but the violent buddhists in myanmar are still going to look at themselves as good buddhists , and at the end of the day , it comes down to one word against the other . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_muslims_in_burma https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/969_movement http://time.com/3090990/how-an-extremist-buddhist-network-is-sowing-hatred-across-asia/ http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2015/2/myanmars-buddhist-terrorism-problem.html http://www.vice.com/read/is-burmas-anti-muslim-violence-led-by-buddhist-neo-nazis they do n't just happen to be buddhist , they 're conducting this violence for the sake of buddhism at the direction of buddhist religious leaders . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_burma_anti-muslim_riots ), 
  it 's been a while since i 've studied any of this , but i 'm fairly certain the standards for hate speech in the us are much more lax than in germany . 
  basically , you have to be posing an immediate threat for it to be considered unprotected . 
  so saying `` we should round up a lynch mob '' is okay , but actually asking people to join a lynch mob is not okay . 
  also , i think a lot of the censorship in the us is self imposed by media outlets so as not to upset sponsors . 
  yeah , but somehow we largely leave it to the us , which is sort of ridiculous . 
  europe is far more threatened by is than the us is for example , but there does n't seem to be any real discussion about what can be done to solve the problem the way there is in the us . 
  granted a lot of that discussion in the us is centered around pretty shitty ideas , but at least they 're having that discussion , meanwhile europe is rapped up in its conversation about border control , as if that alone is going to solve the problem . 
  in per capita terms maybe , but the us definitely has more prisoners total . 
  depends , do you have a boat ? 
  eh , jesus was by most accounts a pretty chill guy , and that did n't stop close to two millennia of violence in his name . 
  the actual academic histories are sort of irrelevant , it 's all about popular interpretation , and that can vary pretty widely . 
  islam can be used to justify peace and progress , or it can be used to justify hatred and violence . 
  same with christianity , and pretty much any religion/moral philosophy you 'd care to name . 
  hell , even buddhism can inspire violence . 
  does the actual history support one interpretation more than another ? 
  maybe it does , maybe it does n't , but that 's almost irrelevant . 
  people will interpret it how they 'll interpret it regardless , and for the most part no one 's more right than anyone else ; it 's just that some of them are shittier than others . 
   the only hope that someone who does want to convince the masses to fight has is to argue that religion mandates a religious war . 
  the appropriate counter is to say that it does n't . 
  exactly . 
  whether or not it does is beside the point . 
  one side will want war either way , and the other wo n't either way ; who , if anyone the actual text supports is beside the point . 
  religion has always been up for interpretation , and all too often people interpret it in a way that supports their political points . 
  yeah , but it did n't get big until after the fall of the ottoman empire , and the creation of saudi arabia . 
  even before that , though , it was always seen as a revival movement .
