  apart from hanging juncker ( which i 'm pretty sure he was joking about , being a comedian and all ) , those are all pretty sensible . 
  more accountability is always a good thing , and the eu either needs a common fiscal policy , or it needs to abandon the common monetary policy and let the member nations do their own thing . 
  monetary union alone clearly has n't worked out . 
  he should never have called the referendum . 
  he sold his soul to win reelection , and now the devil 's come to collect . 
  except that 's a perspective that -- whatever it 's virtues or drawbacks -- has no relevance to the topic at hand one way or the other . 
  there 's nothing wrong with disagreeing over whether or not the uk will be able to negotiate a favourable trade deal with the eu . 
  but when your only point in support of that position is that the eu has an immigration problem , you 're not actually staking a position on an issue , you 're just changing the conversation to one that suits your own bias . 
  on the contrary , i only looked at his post history * because * of what he said and the rational implications absent . 
  when un-flared users show up in a conversation and start forcing an unrelated agenda , they 're often here from other subreddits with the goal of hijacking the conversation . 
  neither really ` needs ' the other , but i 'd wager this will hurt the uk long term a lot more than it will hurt the eu -- not that the eu is in a great position either way , but it will have those problems with or without britain . 
  britain was already not part of either the euro or the schengen area , the two most dysfunctional aspects of the current union , really the only impacts eu membership had on the uk were beneficial . 
  this is n't a matter of how much or how little the eu will grow ; the uk needs access to the eu common market if * it * wants to grow . 
  not only that , the uk may have to negotiate new terms with trade partners for whom terms had previously been negotiated under the eu , and without the leverage of the largest single market in the world behind it , those terms will not be as favourable . 
  and if you think the uk is anti-business , you 're having a laugh . 
  it 's the sixth easiest place in the world to do business , one place ahead of the us . 
  edit : at least it was last year . 
  next year ... who knows . 
  sounds unlikely , but who knows what kind of government will be negotiating them . 
  if you insist on an explanation , i 'll give one to you : the idea that the eu 's struggles with the migrant crisis are at all related to it 's ability to negotiate favourable trade terms with britain is pretty damn far fetched . 
  the two issues are totally unrelated . 
  not only does drawing a connection between them fail to make any sort of discernible point , it also exposes a clear bias that is without doubt colouring his reaction here . 
  he is not british , and i am quite certain his reason for downplaying the consequences of brexit have fuck all to do with the reality of britain 's future , and everything to do with promoting anti-immigrant politics , which were a major reason for the brexit in the first place . 
  ~ 2 % is not zero . 
  it 's about on par with what the us has done in that time . 
  so much of the uk economy is dependent on trade with the eu and that will become a lot more expensive unless westminster is willing to accept free movement of people . 
  those island prisons are also a human rights abomination . 
  although eu detention centres need n't necessarily be the same way . 
  i agree in theory , but all the reforms cameron wanted were n't really reforms so much as kickbacks for the uk in return for not leaving . 
  none of them would have actually helped anything . 
  he also listed countries that all have good reason * not * to want ever closer union . 
  a common foreign policy is going to be a total nonstarter for those who feel the eu means giving up sovereignty , and they are n't entirely wrong . 
  but i agree there needs to be much more communication and cooperation between eu countries on major foreign policy issues that effect the entire eu . 
  it 's not the mosques they fund that are the problem , it 's the madrassas . 
  i mean great , saudi arabia is using their huge oil wealth to educate their region . 
  that 's actually a great idea . 
  and sure , most of those people are going to be muslim , and the money 's coming from the centre of the muslim world , so you expect a religious bend to it ; not ideal , perhaps , but not the end of the world . 
  the problem is that it 's not just the education and the religion they 're pedalling , it 's the warped , semi-qutbist worldview that is modern wahabism that comes along with it . 
  this . 
  california is about as big as the larger members of the eu , and their referendum system is completely and totally fucked . 
  if this means scotland can into nordic , then i 'm down . 
  they are n't ; our man here is a trump supporter , and not even british . 
  he 's not british , he 's an american trump supporter , look at his post history . 
  the recession after 2008 was only one year , and while there will no doubt be a return to growth following that , that growth will likely be considerably lower than if britain had staid in the eu . 
  it wo n't be 10 years of crisis , but it could well be ten years of minimal growth and lost opportunities . 
  at this point it 's either lap dog or mangy stray . 
  there 's a decent chance we 'll see another general election , which i ca n't see ukip/eurosceptic tories winning . 
  if that does indeed turn out to be true , we 'll get a government looking to minimise the damage , which will mean they 'll likely exchange access to the common market for free movement of people . 
  if we get boris in charge , we 'll likely get neither . 
  but we ca n't have one and not the other . 
  fair point , but it 's still not a foregone conclusion . 
  i certainly hope so . 
  i also think the fact that scotland was basically lied to about eu membership will have an effect , even on those who are n't passionately for or against the eu . 
  the only part of the deal i 'd really want to keep is not being on the euro , but plenty of the eu has exemptions for that . 
  schengen , human rights , etc. 
  i 'm all in favour of . 
  it helped that a significant portion of the government were sympathetic to those terrorists . 
  if westminster wants free trade with the eu , they 'll need to accept free movement of people , simple as that . 
  the question is , is it enough to overcome a ten point spread ? 
  was the risk of a future outside the eu a major motivator for 10 percent of voters ? 
   in comparison to westminster at least . 
  not really a high bar , that . 
  manchester and liverpool have always been pretty solidly left though , and both benefit quite a bit from eu trade . 
  much like hot dogs , blood sausage , and escargot , it 's good if you do n't think about it . 
  stalin fought a war against hitler , even though neither were particularly kind to the jews . 
  the fact that he 's a homophobe does n't mean he ca n't declare war on a similarly homophobic religious ideology . 
  honestly , i 'm sure most the us government feels exactly the same way ; people in government voted overwhelmingly against him , for obvious reasons . 
  i guess it 's not exactly surprising there are all these leaks . 
  you 've clearly never met anyone from scotland . 
  right , but if a referendum is held before article 50 gets triggered , and scotland votes for independence , companies might move to scotland despite just because there 's a much more stable understanding of what the countries future holds , whereas no one 's going to want to move to a country that has a referendum on it 's future two years down the line . 
  not entirely , maybe , but it would make the economic prospects of an independent scotland a whole lot better . 
  scotland 's failed to adequately replace the loss of the oil industry in the north sea . 
  the favourability of the barnett formula has allowed holyrood to keep it 's head above water , but that 's also meant a few years of very high deficits -- and subsequently , higher than desirable debt -- which , while beneficial to the scottish economy in the near term , will pose a problem should scotland leave the uk , when it comes time to enter the eurozone . 
  being able to take advantage of businesses fleeing the uk would make that a lot easier , but failing that , it 's likely we 'll be in for a good few years of austerity should scotland leave the uk before it can enter the eurozone , which is where the majority of the long-term benefits for scotland lie . 
  not really , there are a lot of people who are on the fence or who are n't strongly attached to either side ; i 'd say there are probably at least as many people fitting that description as there are vehement unionists or vehement nationalists . 
  i think he 's talking about a situation in which scotland is * denied * the right to a referendum , in which case they 'd be in pretty much the same situation as catalonia . 
  technically it was under a queen , anne , who was also queen of england , and was really more english than scottish . 
  the scots had generally supported her father , james ii , but many in england did n't as he was suspected of being a catholic , and so they convinced william of orange to invade and depose him . 
  william marries annes older sister mary , and when both died , anne took over . 
  it 's a tough one ; a later date means people will have a better understanding of what it 'll look like being part of a uk outside the eu , whatever that may be , and a more informed electorate is never a bad thing . 
  but on the other hand , by that point most uk based companies looking to do business in the eu will have moved to ireland or the continent , which means scotland 's post independence options would be more limited . 
  yeah , why do n't those dumb north koreans just demand democracy ? 
   russia has n't many angles to seriously hurt germany short of outright war . 
  that 's what the us thought . 
  also the german economy is pretty reliant on russian gas ( as is a lot of europe ) so a trade war with russia would absolutely hurt . 
  the only reason we 've not seen something like this before is that putin is a realist who will always seek relative superiority over absolute gains , and for the moment , a trade war with germany hurts russia more . 
  but if the political calculus changed , there 's plenty russia could do to hurt germany non-militarily . 
  that view is only reasonable so long as the government in question is adequately democratic . 
  in the us , you had a significant portion of the population not voting either because they did n't feel any of the candidates in the race matched their interests , or because they simply did n't feel their vote made a difference -- and it 's not hard to see why they 'd think that when those who did vote elected one candidate , but the electoral college elected her rival . 
  i 'm not saying the us is * completely * undemocratic , but the strength of it 's democratic institutions is at least questionable enough that i do n't think it 's fair to blame the american public for their government in all cases . 
  the saudi 's are definitely much more ideologically motivated than erdogan is , but i see your point . 
  a lot of the party leadership holds those concerns , the electorate does n't necessarily . 
  national security has n't been the defining issue of an election cycle since vietnam , except * maybe * in 2004 , but even that hinged primarily on the so-called culture war . 
  a significant plurality of americans likely would support less military spending , and a majority probably support fewer wars , the reason that does n't happen is that especially with foreign policy , there 's institutional inertia that makes change a very slow and difficult process , especially when there are other , more pressing issues in the minds of most of the electorate . 
  this . 
  erdogan is n't much of an islamist , he 's an authoritarian who uses islamist rhetoric as a tool . 
  it 's really not that different from trump or any other would-be authoritarian leader in the west using the fear of islam to further their agenda , even though that agenda is clearly more extreme . 
  i mean to write france , since macron is n't running in spain . 
  i 'm inclined to wonder if that might not be the case ; there seems to be a certain recognition that austerity is n't the best way to deal with deficits in the eurozone following the euro-crisis , and assuming schultz and macron win in germany and france the political will to enforce these requirements might not be there . 
  still , that 's an optimistic outlook to say the least , and far from a certainty .
