  i do n't see why the imf would be interested in making syriza look bad . 
  the ez ? 
  sure , they 've got plenty of motivation there , but i think the imf just wants the issue resolved , they 're just want it resolved their way . 
  great , as if this whole situation could n't have gotten any more complicated . 
  at this point it seems pretty ambiguous whether or not a no vote will even mean leaving the ez . 
  obviously there 's a pretty serious chance of that happening , and major businesses are n't going to want to run that risk , but at this point i feel like everyone -- individuals , businesses , governments -- is at a loss to predict what will happen next . 
  no one knows what anything will mean , because it has n't even been decided yet . 
  there 's no precedent for any of what we 're seeing , everyone 's just making it up as they go along , trying to make decisions based on speculation because no accurate information even exists . 
  edit : evidently up is down and down is up . 
  true , but no one 's arguing against structural reforms to the greek economy , they 're arguing over what needs to happen in the meantime , and i do n't see how the answer to that question is austerity . 
  yeah , i mean perhaps syriza is a bit amateurish -- what do you expect from a party that 's never held power before ? 
  -- but this sort of disrespectful and condescending rhetoric helps no one . 
  it 's exactly the sort of mentality that leads greeks and others to mistrust institutions like the imf in the first place . 
  the real sad thing is that they clearly had none of these issues working with nd or pasok , who were just horribly corrupt by all accounts , and were directly responsible for this crisis in various ways . 
  to me that reflects even more poorly on lagarde . 
  i do n't trust that woman as far as i can throw her . 
  at least draghi is n't a total muppet . 
  yeah , this is the first time i 've heard of pp as a reformist party at all . 
  right , but i think he 's talking about the perception within spain , which focuses on germany as the leader of the `` austerity '' bloc . 
  that 's kind of his only option . 
  if he does n't at least try to get something out of the eu , greece commits suicide more or less regardless . 
  his only real choice is to try and negotiate with pretty much no leverage . 
  not in relation to debt . 
  i do n't disagree with you on military spending , but growth and moderate inflation have n't been happening , and are n't likely to happen at any meaningful rate under the austerity programs . 
  we do n't have the gold standard now , so it could n't really , but i * suppose * a country could create an alternate currency for foreign debt . 
  it would be highly irregular though , and not necessarily effective . 
  it looks like in those countries it 's only in reference to the monarchy , which evidently has also been a punishable offence in spain since at least 2007 . 
  the big difference here is that the government , and even security forces are now evidently considered beyond reproach . 
  furthermore , i do n't know enough about the spanish law/language to really say if this is an important distinction or not , but it is perhaps also worth noting the difference between libel -- which the other countries laws mostly concerned -- and criticism , -- which is the phrase op used . 
  it 's one thing to purposelessly insult those institutions , it 's another to offer valid criticisms of them and their doings ; neither should be illegal , in my view , but one is a far more serious threat to democracy in my mind . 
  but then maybe that distinction is n't as important to the actual law as i 'm making out it out to be . 
  as i said , i have n't read the law , and could n't if i wanted to . 
   you 'll be jailed if :  * you criticise the government , security forces or the spanish monarchy . 
  right , that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  i 'm sure the ecj would have plenty to say on the matter if consulted . 
  i mean i do n't disagree , i just do n't see greece following venezuela 's model . 
  sure , but if wage hikes are just going to decrease purchasing power , i do n't see how that would be a populist move . 
  i mean they 've already had four years of internal devaluation , that 's half the reason syriza was elected , do you really think they 'd go further down that path ? 
  at least they 'd be exporting something , though . 
  the major argument is that devaluation does n't actually help greece on the export market because their domestic production is already at capacity . 
  but at least in the energy sector , there might be a little room to grow in production of refined products . 
  the devaluation is n't just about exports , it 's about getting people spending domestically , but you 're right , devaluation is n't going to make a major difference in the short term . 
  ideally , over time we 'd see domestic production in greece improving as a result of the increased expenses of importing everything , and the lower wages making domestic production competitive . 
  whether or not this domestic production would increase enough for greece to take advantage of it 's cheap currency and become a net exporter is an open question , but to me , that 's the ideal way out . 
  i just do n't know if it 's at all possible . 
  is it not possible that with the devalued currency making it expensive and difficult to import goods , domestic production would , eventually , increase to compensate ? 
  the difference being that most of those groups were actually alright with the iraqi government following the sunni awakening , until maliki started kicking their people out of the military and bureaucracy because he did n't like sunnis . 
  could those same groups be convinced again ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but it 's not as cut and dry as all that . 
  i mean not to defend the iraq war , but when the coalition forces left , it was actually on it 's way to something resembling stability , the issue was that they left the wrong guy in charge , he pissed of ~ 30 % of his country , and then a lot of the political/militant groups that represented them shacked up with other sunni militant groups they had ties with -- the , at that point still fledgling , `` islamic state '' -- and the rest is history . 
  i suppose you could argue that if it was n't one thing it would be another , but there 's no way of knowing for sure what could have been . 
  what we call `` the surge '' was more a coordinated campaign of military force , pr , and political outreach -- interestingly not unlike russia 's `` hybrid warfare in ukraine -- that was actually remarkably successful , and could be again , * if * the parties coordinating it do n't fuck it up , and it probably would n't require boots on the ground in any significant numbers . 
   it might not work . 
  bombing isis inconveniences them but is n't enough to stop them . 
  same with syria . 
  you ca n't really overthrow a dictator through airstrikes alone . 
  to get things done , you need boots on the ground and the uk public definitely will not support that . 
  this is n't necessarily true in all circumstances , but it likely would be here . 
  nato pretty much overthrew qaddafi with airstrikes , the difference was there was a much more unified opposition that they were trying to help ; there 's not really much in the way of palatable opposition in syria . 
  i think he 's just trying to think of a hypothetical site that would n't be as popular as netflix , and therefore may not require as much bandwidth . 
  using detroit is n't perhaps the best example , as it 's just a city . 
  for instance , naples probably is tougher than the rest of italy because of the various internal dynamics within the country ; even if detroit 's broke , michigan as a whole is probably a net contributor . 
  right , but that does n't mean immediate default either . 
  short term , greece can keep going if they continue to get ela , but you 're right they 'll need to to negotiate more funds to make it worthwhile at all . 
  yeah , hence the arguably . 
  they 're anti-eu in the same way syriza is -- which is to say , not really all that anti-eu , but certainly not enamored with the status quo . 
  right , but they 're paying for it in terms of inflation , are they not ? 
  i mean you 're probably right , but at this point i honestly would n't rule out pointless political hostility . 
  that said , the uk and denmark have always had much stronger eurosceptic movements than other countries . 
  the only other * major * anti-eu parties that come to mind are the national front in france , and arguably podemos in spain . 
  why would they be obliged to cut it tomorrow ? 
  tomorrow 's deadline is for the repayment of imf loans , nothing to do with the ecb , at least directly . 
  the ecb , so far as i can tell , basically has the option to extend , maintain , or withdraw ela at it 's own discretion and has chosen to maintain for the time being -- which obviously wo n't be adequate for long . 
  it seems like varoufakis intends to sue the ecb so they have to extend ela , which is n't quite the same as forcing the ez countries to extend the bailout , even if it 's still costing those taxpayers , and will no doubt be portrayed that way . 
  it seems like the ecb holds all the cards here and has decided not to play ball for reasons that we can really only guess at . 
  i ca n't speak to the situation of detroit , but i know there are states that get far more in federal funds than their taxpayers contribute , which is sort of a similar situation . 
  the difference is there 's no built in fiscal transfer mechanism in the eu so the disparities between `` states '' are far greater . 
  i think a lot of the animosity just builds from little things . 
  a german will say something slightly pejorative to a greek , or vice versa , and then people get defensive , and point that there 's plenty of blame to go around , and before you know it everyone 's being hostile . 
  i mean china , the us , and the eu are all kind of inextricably linked . 
  yeah that 's a good point . 
  but if the choice is between cutting pensions , and increasing the retirement age , i 'll pick increasing the retirement age every time . 
  the reason being that if people are retiring earlier to paltry pensions , it does n't matter if employment technically increases , you still have the same number of people who are functionally destitute , which is not only a humanitarian disaster , but also means they are n't spending money which means lower demand . 
  as the other user pretty much laid out , the common market and open competition were not what caused this imbalance , it was the adoption of a common currency that basically rendered much of southern europe * unable * to compete in this new market the way , for instance germany could . 
  well it 's worth noting that many of the northern european economies were put at an advantage in the export market by the adoption of the euro , while grace generally so it 's export sector hurt . 
  that 's not to say that competition is bad , but it ought to be fair , and without any sort of fiscal transfer mechanism , this situation was always a possibility , if not an inevitability . 
  well , this attitude i would say is uniquely prevalent in the uk . 
  that 's not to say it is n't a thing elsewhere , but it 's sort of the default position in a lot of the political dialogue here , unfortunately . 
   unless the creditor position is ideologically and politically motivated ( with regard to growing eurosceptic/anti-austerity parties ) that 's a bingo !, 
  people often say it that way , but with the unspoken understanding that technically , * every * day is the first day of the rest of your life . 
  it 's mostly just meant to say , do n't worry about it , you can start over anew . 
  yeah , but the reason they keep talking up the fire walls and making such a big deal out of them is that they need the market to believe it in order to avoid the crisis of confidence . 
  they 're very aware it 's a potential issue , they just are n't talking about it because that does n't help anyone . 
  the deadline is an imf deadline , and does not mean default . 
  the risk of default comes from the ecb opting to withdraw ela in response to the likely failure of greece to meet the imf deadline , which will mean that they very soon will be unable to pay back debts to bond holders , which * will * require default . 
  if the deadline was for loans from the ecb , then the ecb would be in a position to criticize the timing of the referendum , but as it stands , it seems to me that the only group with a real right to complain is the imf . 
  how bad it is depends on who the cuts are hitting . 
  i 'm fairly certain that greece has already cut pensions for higher incomes to the extent they deemed reasonable . 
  i do n't know the specifics of how these pension categories break down , so i ca n't say for sure how reasonable it is , but clearly it was over the red line .
