  no , i do n't think it should be illegal to make fun of anyone , but i also do n't think it should be illegal to voice an unpopular opinion on social media , within reason . 
  moreover , to me , if you 're going to allow people to say whatever they like in one context , the same should be held true for all people , in all contexts -- at least within reason . 
  right , and that 's certainly an important distinction . 
  i just think if you start to censor certain types of speech on the grounds that it 's hateful , you end up in a situation where perfectly valid , albeit unkind forms of speech are also somewhat at risk . 
  under this standard , someone who openly advocates for this sort of violence would face legal consequences for their voicing their opinion , and that may be fair enough , as that 's a pretty disgusting opinion to have . 
  and from there , it 's not much of a stretch to treat someones saying the victims got what they deserved as pretty much the same thing -- clearly the french government made pretty much that exact logical jump , and it 's still pretty understandable so far . 
  but what if someone said that they should have known something like this would happen , and that it was to be expected when you 're deliberately insulting people . 
  that opinion was n't an unheard of in the aftermath of the attack , and while i certainly do n't agree with it , i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that opinion . 
  yet it 's probably much close to saying `` they got what they had coming '' than saying `` they got what they had coming '' is to saying `` people should attack people who insult allah . '', 
  it 's a slippery slope argument , the validity of which is certainly not beyond question . 
  in general , the argument against this sort of argument is that it does n't tend to be an issue in practice ; that regulators and others know where to draw the line between what is permissible and what is n't permissible in a way that is satisfactory to the public at large . 
  but when the public at large consists primarily of a privileged majority who may have a different opinion of what is permissible than those affected by the actual ruling , it 's not really fair . 
  better then , to avoid the grey area completely and simply make a definitive rule one way or the other . 
  either make all forms of such speech impermissible , or make them all permissible . 
  to me , making them all permissible is obviously preferable , but then it really is a complex question , to which there 's no real right or wrong answer . 
  i was just clarifying that i 'm not trying to argue against the current legal status of blasphemy laws in france ( or lack thereof ) , so much as pointing out what i saw as a bit of a hypocrisy . 
  i 'm not trying to argue in favor of blasphamy laws , i just think that if you 're going to protect a type of speech that has been known to incite violence , you should protect all such types of speech . 
  okay , i know this could be a controversial opinion , and i 'm not necessarily saying one way is better than the other , but this whole standard does seem a * little * hypocritical . 
  if the standard is anything that incites hatred , you could make a case for charlie hebdo deliberately trying to piss off muslims being wrong in the same way people tweeting support for the terrorists is wrong . 
  i do n't know french free speech law at all , so maybe there are specific requirements that one meets but not the other . 
  it just seems to me that -- based purely on these two , perhaps inadequate , examples -- this approach to freedom of expression is fairly hypocritical . 
  inviting hate is fine as long as it 's targeted at groups it 's considered acceptable to hate , but the minute it 's in support of an unpopular or minority stance , the standards are switched . 
  that 's not to say that you should n't have groups like charlie hebdo , but if you 're going to allow them to say what they wish , you have to allow people to respond however they wish . 
  i know it 's different given the terrible violence that occurred , but purely in terms of speech , the tweet you posted seems little different to me than something meant purely to piss off members of a specific ethnic group . 
  even just the last week , the imf seems to be dragging its heels a lot more than the ec and ecb . 
  or a black and tan . 
  it also means a loosening on gmo restrictions , which for some reason europeans seem to have a hard time accepting , but are much better for both the consumer and the environment . 
  my point being , there are pros and cons . 
  both sides have good regulations and bad regulations , and both sides will likely gain and lose a few from both categories before all is said and done . 
  but before that time , it 's hard to say what the net effect will be . 
  this could be one of the largest trade deals in history depending on how things shake out , it 's effects are going to be a lot more profound than the repeal of a few pesticide laws . 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
  sure , but so far as i can see , there 's not really a difference in terms of how hard a value added tax hits those two people provided similar levels of wealth . 
  ignoring how safe it is to assume the continuation of such a trend , the real question is , how low will expenditures have to be before everything breaks even ? 
  certainly too low to stimulate any meaningful recovery i 'd think . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't , but poor is poor , and a vat will hit a poorer person harder regardless of how productive they are . 
  and you will notice that expenses are in fact still higher than revenue . 
  not by as much as they were , but that 's definitely a fact . 
  i mean if it 's a flat tax across income levels ( which to my knowledge all vats are ) , it will always be somewhat regressive . 
  placing a lower vat on goods and services that are more important to a poor persons basket of goods is a good way to lessen the impact of these things , but if a rich person buys the same amount of that same good , it 's still hitting them a * lot * less hard overall . 
  vats tend to hit poorer people harder , and the average swede is earning about 50 % more a year than the average greek , meaning that you 're * probably * ( i do n't know your exact circumstances ) better able to afford that tax than the average greek is . 
  that said , 25 % is probably even too high for sweden . 
  just because something ca n't realistically be maintained long term does n't mean it 's fake . 
  right , but it 's not no deficit , it 's just not a rapidly growing deficit . 
  so that ratio will continue to increase -- however slowly -- especially as growth stay stagnant , and ultimately that 's the big issue for both greece and her creditors ; greece wants to be able to grow , and it needs to if it 's ever going to have a shot at paying off it 's creditors . 
  what good does a shrinking deficit matter when you 're debt to gdp ratio has risen by 45 percent over the same period ? 
  i 'm not saying there will be , i 'm just saying that the us does have plenty of skin in the game . 
  yeah , but libya is n't really the cause of all this , tripoli 's just the port they happen to be using . 
  most of the migrants are sub-saharans . 
  yeah , but it 's worth noting that if war did break out , the us would likely be doing as much of the fighting as france or more , and i find the prospect of russia invading france only slightly less unlikely than the prospect of her invading the us ; i.e. 
  each country stands to lose plenty , but neither has much to worry about . 
  all i 'm saying is that free trade means bringing down barriers to trade , and that includes differences in regulation that , if resolved , could seriously boost trade between the two blocks , which would be a great thing . 
  some of the changes in regulation one way or another might not necessarily be , but the net effect would be positive . 
  the key is to negotiate those specifics so that it ends up not being too big of an issue , but there 's no use throwing the baby out with the bath water . 
  enforcing some rules which were not there before , as well as doing away with others that were . 
  all of these things are considered obstacles to trade , and resolving differences in regulation between the two blocs is absolutely a part of free trade . 
  the only issue is making sure those issues are resolved in the best possible way . 
  it is about an interconnected world though , and perhaps bank transfers are important in facilitating that ( arguably too important ; like i said , i 'm a big supporter of wage caps ) , but for me the international camaraderie is a huge part of what makes the game so appealing . 
  like i said , maybe it 's just because i 'm an expat -- it 's unlikely that any team i support will sign a player from nebraska in the near future -- but to me it 's not so much about feeling like my geographically defined loyalties are being represented as it is about feeling like i 'm a part of something larger along with people from all over . 
  i agree to an extent so far as national teams are concerned -- although in all honesty i 'm not nearly as invested in the international game as i am in club competitions -- but to me it 's silly to put strict regional restrictions on clubs like that . 
   it 's just about watching the players and thinking `` that 's our local boy '' . 
  i do n't know how that could be construed as anything other than regionalism . 
  i totally see how it might be appealing , but at the end of the day it relies on regional loyalties that i see as a little trite . 
  perhaps it 's just that i 'm an expat , but i do n't feel like geography should be the sole determining factor in the make up of a team . 
  that 's not to say that money should be either , and i absolutely support reasonable wage caps for footballers , it just seems like by imposing restrictions like that , we 're making the game about something that , at least to me , it should n't be about . 
  i disagree . 
  with europe becoming such a cosmopolitan place , and globalisation now such a huge part of daily life for so many people , in most cases it does n't make any sense for a football team to discriminate like that . 
  you could make a case for such a system with bilbao and similar sides , just because it represents such a unique region/community -- although even then it is a serious impediment to the teams competitiveness -- but generally speaking , it just seems foolish . 
  why should ethnicity or nationality matter at all ? 
  the circuit standards are largely a matter of safety , they are n't just arbitrary changes meant to test the will of the host . 
  scotland . 
  i 'm thinking maybe spain or italy at some point . 
  nobody ever seems happy in london . 
  it always strikes me as a very dour city unless you 're super drunk . 
  never been to northern ireland , but from what i hear , belfast is kinda shite , but the surrounding countryside is really beautiful . 
  i feel kind of proud of myself that i 'm enough of a global citizen to understand polish pop culture references . 
  not really . 
  hollywood really does n't like streaming services like this , so they really only give them the sort of shit that they ca n't make more from by releasing through other means . 
  they usually manage to negotiate a few half decent films , but on the whole they get hollywoods unwanted stepchildren . 
  delirium is stupidly good . 
  i like kwak better , but i 'm slightly afraid of the glass it comes in , so i usually just get the karmeliet -_- but yeah , nothing better than a belgian tripel . 
  there was supposed to be one in edinburgh a couple months ago . 
  a few hundred people turned out for the counter protest ; none of the pegida people even ended up showing up to the main event , evidently they never made it out of the pub . 
  hell , i 'd just take audi f1 at this point . 
  those freedoms have fuck all to do with wwii , really , but yeah you 're right . 
  it 's really pathetic to use an anniversary like this to promote your own campaign . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  if the us goes republican , we 'll get more antagonism and escalation , pretty much regardless of who the president is ; normalization is an outside chance even with the democrats -- it 's not as though obama 's made great strides in that regard for all his -- admittedly admirable -- talk of a reset when he was first elected . 
  i think it looks more like a warthog than a puma , personally . 
  it 's just frustrating because so much of the narrative here surrounding the independence debate focused on scotland 's place in the uk , and we were all assured that it did in fact , have a prominent place , but it 's now pretty clear that to many voters -- not least to the two major parties -- that place is out of sight out of mind . 
  when you 're fed six months of platitudes like `` do n't leave britain , lead britain '' only to be told that no , you 're in fact not allowed a role in leading britain , it can be pretty upsetting . 
  perhaps the snp 's narrative was off putting to some -- to me it seemed to make it pretty clear that they felt they could serve the whole of britain , but i suppose i could be biased -- but either way , i feel like it leaves scotland 's position in the uk pretty clear . 
  having my english correct by a spaniard . 
  i 've hit a new low . 
  thanks for the correction . 
   people are n't worried about scottish representation , they are worried about massive over representation that could have been possible if the snp controlled the lab majority . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  if people do n't think scotland should have any outsized influence on british politics relative to it 's population , that 's fine , i can respect that view . 
  there 's only 5 million of us up here , and 50 million of you down there ; i 'm all for proportional representation , and in such a system , anyone can see how scotland would n't typically be significant enough to matter . 
  but surely you can understand why people might not love the idea that they do n't matter .
