   what you 're advocating is essentially just emptying a word of its original meaning and loading it with new connotations that stand in opposition to its previous meaning . 
  this is how language tends to evolve . 
  i 'm not going to argue that modern popular notions of socialism have n't drifted somewhat from the historical marxist roots of the ideology -- they absolutely have ( what 's more , i 'm perfectly familiar with those historical roots , thank you very much ) . 
  but to deny that these newer conceptions of socialism-sans-marx constitute `` socialism par excellence '' is a pretty blatant form of no true scotsman , regardless of how frequently redditors like to point that particular fallacy out . 
  indeed , you could just as easily rename the fallacy `` no true socialist '' and it would refer quite literally to this exact situation . 
  also , i reject the idea that socialism relies entirely on marxist materialism to hold any meaning . 
  one can still strive for socially controlled means or production without holding the means of production and its various products as the foundation of our every thought . 
  there 's a lot i find irritating and tedious about postmodern identity politics , but i think it has to be said that it has clearly brought about new understandings of the individual as part of a society that undermine orthodox marxist notions of socialism . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was labour who ruled out a coalition with the snp , was it not ? 
  i am in no way disagreeing with you , as i think a brexit would be incredibly foolish , but i think politically there 's a lot less animosity towards the eu in france than in the uk . 
  the situation you seem to be setting up has france seeing that the uk got a deal with all the benefits of the eu and none of the drawbacks ( in this case regulations ) and wanting a similar deal themselves , but i 'm not so sure the french populous would see those same regulations as drawbacks . 
  can i ask which regulations set forth by the eu you object to specifically ? 
  because i 'm not the biggest fan of the eu at the moment , but your criticisms seem to come from the right , whereas mine would come from the left . 
  to see that you want the uk to move to the right of the solidly neoliberal eu is both intriguing and somewhat terrifying to me , as it seems to be an increasingly popular movement . 
  yeah , but you can bet the people in charge in such a situation would have game theorists advising them . 
  i 'm sorry but there 's no way you can defend that without resorting to a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  definitions are matters of popular understanding , and in this day and age many socialists consider socialism and capitalism to be compatible to at least some degree -- perhaps not the unfettered capitalism espoused by neo-liberals , but at least to the extent that they look at systems of capital exchange as being a means to a more democratically controlled , equally distributed means of production . 
  to say that these self identified socialists are n't really socialists because they do n't agree with your particular brand of socialism is simply petty . 
  it might not seem like a big tent when you 're just looking at one corner of it , but turn around and you 'll see that it 's actually quite sprawling . 
  not in the social sense perhaps , but in terms of the classical liberalism vs. socialism economic conflict that tends to define most european politics to some degree , they do tend towards the liberal side . 
  as an american expat , spanish politics have always intrigued me , because the strength of traditional catholicism and the legacy of franco have led to a very american style of political dialogue , that emphasizes social issues and fundamental questions about the nature of the spanish state . 
  while to some degree it can still be characterised in terms of the aforementioned liberalism vs. socialism conflict , it always seems that the conservative vs. progressive conflict it at least as prominent in terms of defining the political narrative . 
  as with the us progressives tend to be more socialist and conservatives more liberal ( in the classical sense for any americans reading ) , but that 's not necessarily hard and fast , as the american `` new left '' ( and to a lesser degree the new right as well ) takes elements of both liberalism and socialism . 
  to me the reason podemos and ciudadanos are so interesting is that they represent a more european approach to political dialogue , the former being pretty hard and fast socialists , and the former pretty much being liberals straight down the line . 
  so much interesting shit is happening right now in europe politically , as a quasi-outside observer it really is fascinating to me . 
   these leftists are n't actual socialists - despite them claiming to be so - because any actual socialist necessarily must accept the marxist primacy of materialism . 
  i disagree with this , even though in general i agree with what you 're saying . 
  what we 're seeing here , at least as it concerns social issues , is pretty much the same conflict between liberty and equality that lies at the heart of most of the political conflicts of modernity , applied to identity politics thanks to the postmodern emphasis individuality that pervades so many aspects of modern life . 
  this does n't necessarily conflict with traditional modernist notions of socialism that are more concerned with broader views of society , history , the economy , etc. 
  it just so happens that these new , or at least newly pressing social issues have supplanted those that concerned earlier understandings of socialism , as the liberalism vs. socialism conflict that defined most of modernity seems to have finally been decided in liberalisms favor with the rise of the eu , globalization , and the collapse of the soviet union . 
  also , socialism is a big tent , you do n't necessarily have to reject materialism , you just have to advocate some form of social/collective control of the means of production . 
  and even that is up for debate . 
  we 've come a long way since marx . 
  none of those groups have faced exclusion to the extent of blacks in america . 
  i have no idea how that 's related , but i dig the song . 
  crises of confidence are such a stupid idea to me , because the very concept can create a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  in a situation like this running a deficit is n't really that bad , theres no reason to lose confidence apart from the fear that other people will . 
  if you did n't have people constantly suggesting that running a deficit would damage investor confidence , it probably would n't have much of an effect on investor confidence . 
  it 's such circular thinking that it just annoys me . 
  weird that belgium is such a target for all this . 
  it 's a pretty small country , not really involved in middle eastern politics at all , and does n't really clash with conservative notions of islam more than any other western european country . 
  that 's the media for you . 
  love how people commenting on the internet know better than experienced professionals . 
  most of the top comments are flared users though , which implies they 're regulars . 
  why would you do that with a bomb ? 
  politically speaking , conservatism ( and in extreme cases , reactionary-ism ) is seen as antithetical to progressivism , though it 's true that progressivism can take many forms , and has throughout history . 
  in post-war europe , progressivism in terms of social policy has * generally * meant liberalisation , and i do n't think it 's wrong to call the results of progressive policies progress , even if it 's progress towards a goal not everyone agrees with . 
  like i said , that progress can cause externalities , but i do n't think the solution to low birth rates is promoting traditional gender roles that society at large has decided it opposes . 
  i do n't think population fluctuations one way or the other can really be said to preclude ` progress , ' though as you originally suggested . 
  german society has come along way since the war in a lot of respects , and the original poster 's contention was that afd wants to undo that progress , at least to some degree . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that there has n't really been any progress , based solely on the fact that birth rates of declined . 
  under the third reich , women were essentially baby-making machines , naturally going from that to a society in which women are largely expected to support themselves and are allowed to pursue their own professional lives in the space of thirty years is going to see a decrease in population . 
  sure that 's going to cause it 's share of problems in the short term , but that does n't mean that it is n't progress . 
  i mean germany still has a very low birth rate ( 17th lowest in the world evidently ) , so i do n't know if that nullifies the argument that immigration could be a positive for germany . 
  it just means that you are n't actually the lowest . 
  in a lot of situations , the issue is n't even the disparity in quality of education so much as the very presence of it . 
  think about it . 
  the syrian civil war has been going on for five years . 
  a 15-year-old arriving in europe now will have spent the last five years of his life in a country tearing itself apart , probably moving frequently , he may have spent considerable time in refugee camps ; there 's a good chance he has n't attended school regularly since he was ten . 
  now he arrives in europe and enters a high school ; he 's thrown into a social situation he 's totally unfamiliar with , being held to an academic standard he 's not at all prepared to meet , all in a language he 's probably still learning . 
  not only is he not going to thrive in a situation like this , it 's going to put a lot of the strain on the system . 
  it 's not the immigrant 's fault , but it 's still a problem without an easy solution . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but france did n't have major issues with algerian immigrants or their descendants until the last 20 years or so , did it ? 
  the us -- and really all the nations of the new world -- were founded upon the same basic principle of the westphalian state that have dominated europe since 1648 , so it 's natural that immigrants from the cultures that forged those principles would have an easy time assimilating in a new culture that 's also based on them . 
  however the westphalian state was n't really a part of arab culture for most of it 's history . 
  it 's only really been a thing for the last 75 , maybe 100 years , and even then , most of the states in question were broadly autocratic for much of that time , meaning a civic tradition has n't really emerged in many communities . 
  to many of these migrants , ethnicity , religion and in some cases tribal identity are all at least as important as nationality in terms of forming their identity . 
  you 're not just asking them to change their identities , you 're asking them to change how they understand identity as a concept . 
  this is a pretty prevalent problem . 
  when institutions have been failing a community for generations , public faith in those institutions tends to be pretty low , and that can make it hard for them to improve . 
  even in communities where black americans no longer face discrimination in their school systems , police departments , chambers of commerce etc. 
  they are n't likely to have a lot of faith in those institutions given that they 've been heavily discriminatory in the past . 
  that discrimination shapes the local culture , and eventually it becomes stratified . 
  if the education system failed the parents , what reason do they have to instil in their children an appreciation for education , even if they now live in a community where education * can * make a difference . 
  i 'd expect that the majority of hispanic students were born in the us , or have lived there since a very young age ; most latin american immigrants do n't come to the us with their families , they come to start families . 
  those children might have issues with being less exposed to english than their peers , but i 'd assume poor education in their home countries only effects a relatively small portion . 
  i do n't think anyone is opposed to the idea of improving education for minorities , or reducing crime among immigrant communities . 
  it becomes a problem when people interpret this as evidence of inherent racial inferiority or whatever . 
  segregation in the us has n't been enforced by law in decades , but it continues on a largely economic basis despite that ; i 'd imagine the situation is fairly similar in france , or for that matter germany . 
  i doubt banlieues are on the same level as brazil 's favelas . 
  france 's banlieue ca n't touch brazil 's favela 's for inhumanity . 
  as bad as things might get , it 'll still be a first world country . 
   ... some scholars ( wallon ) consider the crypteia to be a kind of secret police and state security force organized by the ruling classes of sparta whose purpose was to terrorize the servile helot population well that sounds just lovely . 
  i have a catholic background myself ( albeit on the other side of the political spectrum ) , so it 's hardly a pejorative in my eyes , but the point remains . 
  why is population growth innately beneficial ? 
  to me it seems like you 're trying to apply normative values in an area where they simply are n't applicable . 
  changes in population -- whether growth or decline -- naturally carry with them certain externalities , but once populations stabilise at a given level , does it really matter what the level is , so long as everyone in that nation has their needs met ? 
  scotland for instance is pretty tiny population wise , and i do n't think too many people here really have a problem with that . 
  i think japan 's is pretty similar to germany 's , i 'd imagine the likes of singapore and hong kong would be pretty damn close to the bottom . 
  who ever said germany had the worlds lowest fertility rate ? 
  that depends on the state , but i agree . 
  i 'd imagine the cheap money is actually a relatively good thing for some of the struggling countries , but it definitely does n't help the average consumer . 
  well , with tpp , leninstan could argue that it 's nationalisation of the industry is in the best interests of its populace , and it would still stand , but the point remains ; it 's a necessary part of doing business . 
  did they get rid of the collective bargaining , or was the minimum age in addition to it . 
  it means they have to demonstrate that the domestic courts are n't adequately independent or reliable . 
  not really ... 
  both china and the us are trying to lower their carbon emissions ( albeit not hugely effectively ) . 
  both have thriving renewable energy sectors . 
  america has some of the highest corporate taxes in the developed world ( china 's situation is obviously hard to compare ) . 
  neither country has mandatory military service .
