  the previous three generations had very few problems integrating into french society , this is a fairly new phenomenon that everyone 's trying to figure out . 
  it probably has a lot to do with the spread of wahhabism sponsored by saudi arabia in the last few decades , and could also be because the current immigrant crisis has shifted public opinion against french muslims , and lead to their feeling marginalized . 
  people have speculated a lot about what the cause is , but clearly previous generations did not have issues on anything like this scale , so it is possible to assimilate these immigrants . 
  right now is just a tenuous time , politically speaking , and that , along with the sheer volume we 're seeing is making it difficult . 
  there 's much more at play there than their ethnicity though . 
  suggesting that their ethnicity is the reason they commit more crimes is , by definition , racist . 
  why should it matter to me what color anyone is ? 
  depends on how long it takes . 
  if they assimilate into european society in that time i have no problem keeping them , otherwise i agree . 
  my understanding was that we were talking about refugees , but yeah , i agree , we ca ' t just take any poor people . 
  but if someone has nothing to return to , i feel like we ca n't very well make them return . 
  i mean the effective range in the us is usually like 60-100 , with anything below sixty failing , so it 's pretty much the same . 
  not sure about the rest of the uk , but where i went 40-100 was passing , but people rarely get above 80 . 
  so it 's a 40 point range pretty much regardless . 
  that 's true your first year anyway , some schools/colleges increase the minimum passing grade as you go on , others do n't . 
  i think stem courses were different though , more like the american system . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm a little lost ... what do you mean ? 
  i mean if they lost their homes in the war and the options are some awful camp in a neighboring country or emigration , i do n't have an issue with their deciding to emigrate . 
  i 'd prefer they do it legally , but still . 
  oh , no worries . 
  great game though , portrayal of istanbul aside . 
  pretty much all the fastest cars in the world are hybrids anymore , tesla 's are among the most well regarded cars on the market , and even bmw 's own hybrid efforts have been pretty well received , particularly the i8 , which has even impressed enthusiasts who tend to prefer that their cars be propelled by thousands of tiny explosions per minute . 
  in the past , you 're right , those have been issues , but that 's becoming less the case . 
  technically , when the ice is running , the electric motor * is * the transmission . 
  it 's less efficient than if that same engine were just hooked up to a normal transmission though , as it has to convert chemical energy to kinetic energy to electric energy and then back into kinetic energy , instead of just chemical to kinetic . 
  plus you have the extra weight of the batteries , which are just dead weight once they run out . 
  i mean it 's not an either or thing , we can and should have wind and solar , but we can also have fusion . 
  but industrialization * would * be sustainable if we had fusion . 
  it 's so stupid , pretty much all the problems people have with nuclear fission ( and i 'll admit there are problems ) would be solved by fusion , but they 're opposing it because it has the word nuclear in it . 
  you might be okay with that , i 'm not . 
  the virtue of vice is that they pursue interesting stories that no one else does . 
  the , well , vice , is that they generally do n't do a very good job , for the reasons you mentioned . 
  ... he was referencing the movie airplane . 
  yeah , hanafi is pretty normal all things considered . 
  maliki and shafi'i tend to be more strict , but usually not genocidally so -- although i 've only ever actually * met * indonesian adherent to shafi'i , and never anyone who follows the maliki school . 
  it 's my impression that the hanabali school of thought is generally the problematic one , which is a shame because it was almost extinct until the house of saud adopted it in the 1700s . 
  if they can tolerate my drunken shenanigans they can stay as long as they want as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'm an american expatriate in scotland , i 'm living with people from five different countries on three different continents ; i do n't consider any people to be more `` my own '' than any other people . 
  having travelled all over the world , it 's been my experience that when you get past the politics , people are more or less the same regardless of where you go . 
  worrying about `` others '' and `` your own '' is exactly the mentality the islamists have regarding europeans , and it helps no one to return that sentiment in kind . 
  also , `` leftists '' are not a minority in scotland -- in the last election 75 % of people voted for either snp or labour . 
  i have a swedish roommate , they 're no different than the rest of us . 
  that 's funny , because to me it seems like you 're more concerned with the race of the perpetrator than the actual crime . 
  you seem to think i 'm defending the crime here , and that 's not what i 'm doing at all ; i 'm saying the focus should be on the crime here , not the race of the criminal . 
  i 'm sorry , but calling black people monkeys is racist , and there 's no way around that . 
  if you 're honestly defending that , then you are a racist . 
  and that has nothing to do with the crime that was committed ; everyone here agrees that was awful , and that the perpetrator deserves to rot for it . 
  but it 's got nothing to do with anyone else . 
  edit : also , to be clear , i do n't hold these opinions because i 'm afraid of being * called * a racist , as you seem to suggest , i hold them because i 'm not a racist . 
  i 'd argue that the emotional reaction is actually on the part of those who needlessly fear people they know nothing about ; history has taught us that fear and hate tend to have their roots in ignorance . 
  the vast majority of these people give us no reason for fear , and in my mind , allowing the few that do to rule our actions is foolish in the extreme . 
  i may not be able to speak for all of europe , but i 'm fairly confident in saying the majority of scotland feels that way , and even if they did n't , it would n't be the first time a populous ruled by fear did the wrong thing . 
  tyranny of the majority is not some myth . 
  `` we need to kick these monkeys out '' is not an appropriate response to any tragedy . 
  you asked why take the chance , that 's the justification for taking the chance . 
  i 'm not saying that 's necessarily the majority opinion , it 's just the opinion of people who are n't anti-immigrant . 
  you ca n't ask for people 's opinions and then chastise them for having an opinion that the majority does n't share . 
  there is a moderate , even secular middle in syria -- or at least there was , i 'm sure many have fled or been killed . 
  but those people do n't tend to be particularly into fighting wars , and on top of that -- indeed , perhaps as a result of it -- there 's not really a faction that represents those people , so you ca n't really blame them for not wanting to fight in a war that is n't really over anything they care about . 
  yeah , dunno where it comes from , would be interesting to see . 
  same with the not eating pig thing in the old testament . 
  in my experience it does n't really stop most people though . 
  the statistics themselves are n't racist , people using them to suggest that immigrants are more violent because of their ethnicity are racist . 
  that 's true , but usually it 's a result of their being poor , and often culturally marginalized . 
  it 's not like they 're just genetically predisposed to commit violent crimes . 
  because they are innocent people with the same rights as you and i , being denied those rights in their home countries , and governments , almost by definition , have a duty to protect people 's rights . 
  because the majority are still innocent people , and you ca n't very well send them back to face destitution or death . 
  generally when someone complains about being called racist , they tend to be racist , even if what they 're saying in that particular situation is n't racist . 
  usually they 're saying it because they 've been called racist before , and probably not without reason . 
  who do they even fight for ? 
  assad is a genocidal asshole , isis is full of genocidal assholes , al nusra is the same as isis only less ambitious , and the fsa has been largely coopted by genocidal assholes . 
  if i were a syrian , i would n't support any of those factions , let alone fight for one . 
  especially if i had a family in a refugee camp somewhere to support . 
  bad as the migrant crisis may seem , you can still safely live in germany and sweden . 
  pretty soon they 'll be trying to seek refuge in the middle east to get away from us . 
  some religions look at poor self control as a sin . 
  it depends on the school of law in question , but hanafi islam as practiced widely in syria does n't really look at it as that great a sin . 
  they just look at it as god wanting people to exercise self control when they drink , which is reasonable enough ... although it also says you ca n't drink wine which makes less sense . 
  well there are four major interpretations of sharia in sunni islam ( shia islam has two others , but i know next to nothing about them ) , that treat issues differently . 
  they 're defined by the source material they rely on , but that can lead to some drastically different readings with regards to issues like this . 
  syria uses the hanafi school for personal matters , and secular napoleonic law for public matters . 
  hanafi is generally much more liberal than the hanbali law used in saudi arabia , and propagated by isis , in a slightly more strident form . 
  with regard to alcohol , hanafi forbids wine ( and a few other rare/antiquated drinks that i 'm not familiar with ) but allows pretty much everything else , so long as it 's not to excess . 
  what exactly defines excess is open to interpretation , as is the punishment for violation . 
  i 've never been to syria , but i have friends from jordan and lebanon , which i believe use the same school of law , who seem to not take the restrictions on alcohol very seriously . 
  i even have a lebanese friend who insists buckfast does n't count as wine , and is therefore fine . 
  he 's probably right about that , but then i 've never seen anyone drink buckfast in moderation either , so it might not matter . 
  seriously , this is what we 're upvoting now ? 
  i mean , what this guy is alleged to have done is horrible and there 's no disputing all that , but calling african immigrants monkeys ? 
  really ? 
  no one thinks that 's just a little bit racist ? 
   oh please . 
  it takes two parties in order for bribery to work . 
  the briber and the one who takes the bribe . 
   excusing one while prosecuting the other is idiotic . 
  no one is saying one party should be excused , the user above you is simply pointing out that a lot of users here seem very quick to excuse siemens and co. rather than actually prosecuting them to an equal degree , as you advocate . 
  and he 's not wrong about that , either -- case in point :  the fact that those are german companies doesnt mean a goddamn thing . 
  im betting there are french or uk companies that bribed people in greece as well . 
  probably also on that scale . 
   thats the world we live in .
