  people voted for uncertainty not realising that 's what they were voting for . 
  the leave campaign dismissed any suggestion of as much as scaremongering , and now a lot of people are going to have to deal with consequences they did n't realise they 'd be faced with . 
  raising taxes and cutting spending are functionally identical from a fiscal perspective . 
  but that 's also not what you do when the economy 's having a hiccup . 
  lost trade with the eu will mean lower demand , and that will need to be compensated for by domestic demand . 
  no way to get that other than to spend money and devalue the pound . 
  and almost half the country voted against it for that reason . 
  many of those who voted to leave wrote those promises off as scaremongering , while plenty of others voted brexit out of protest never thinking it would happen . 
  perhaps some people saw tis coming and still thought it was worth it , but a lot of the country was not prepared for this . 
  if the uk does properly leave , the thing to do will be to devalue the pound and start spending money , not raising taxes and trying to stabilise prices . 
  please god tell me someone 's already written juncker-farage slash fic . 
  you 're goddamn right we do !, 
  ^ ( actually , most people north of the border do n't give a fuck about the monarchy one way or the other . ), 
  so she 's a hanoverian pretender . 
  well her name 's not elizabeth stuart ... 
  that ` nf ' logo on the banner means national front . 
  it 's a ` white 's only ' far right group . 
  they are literal neo-nazi 's . 
  this vote has these types crawling out of the woodwork , but they 're still not a majority . 
  even those who would be on the net receiver end may well oppose it . 
  scotland gets far more money from the uk than we pay in taxes due to the barnett formula , but the fact that there 's so little leeway with how we spend it ( compared to fully independent states ) means you get around half the country wanting out of the fiscal union . 
  fiscal union is a complete non-starter for me , and frankly so is monetary union . 
  i know this is n't a popular sentiment around here , but these are things individual nations ought to be able to control for themselves . 
  he definitely says something about scotland , but it does n't look like he said fuck off . 
  i 'd assume that was the general sentiment though . 
  i actually think the case for leaving the uk is much better now than in 2014 . 
  i 'm not a big fan of currency unions in general , but since scotland will be in one either way , the obvious choice is the euro . 
  as long as scotland is on the pound , scottish exports will be at a competitive disadvantage in both the us and the eu , and for that matter pretty much everywhere other than the rest of the uk . 
  this is really just a good idea in general . 
  nicola is n't perfect and i know a fair few people are a little disappointed that the scottish government over the last year has n't been true to the platform the snp campaigned on , but i will say she 's pretty much the only leader in the uk i have any faith in at all . 
  in fairness , it is largely different politicians doing those things . 
  they 're politicians , disagreeing with each other is kind of an important part of the job . 
  i mean one guy in here is talking about replacing every language with english , so i do n't know if it 's entirely unfair . 
  that 's an exaggeration , but the eu member nations certainly are more diverse than the us states . 
  sabre rattling and the destruction of most of the continents cultural heritage . 
  sounds great . 
  i mean i know which side i stand on , but no matter how dense the leavers may be , the disunity still is n't a good thing . 
  he 's not stalling negotiations , the referendum was non-binding , menaing there are no negotiations until article 50 is invoked . 
  that has n't happened yet , and likely wo n't until the next pm takes over . 
  in the meantime the markets will flip out because they have no idea what 's going to happen , but technically the political situation remains the same as before the referendum . 
  neither will the leavers if no one ends up following through with article 50 . 
  that 's the trouble with holding a referendum on a subject that 's both hugely important to the future of the country and yet incredibly contentious . 
  no matter the outcome , it drives a wedge through society that can last for years . 
  they 've been something of a voice for reform since renzi 's taken over , i think italy playing a larger role could be a good thing for the eu . 
  they won it over spain earlier today . 
  it 's pretty difficult to vote against a holding a referendum . 
  people deserve to have a vote , but i 'm sure most mps never dreamed the referendum would turn out this way . 
  cameron is the one responsible for promising the referendum in the first place . 
  unfortunately there 's no way to do one without the other . 
  the only way this will have consequences on westminster is if it has consequences on the ordinary people to whom they 're ultimately accountable . 
  he has to be one of the most cynical politicians i 've ever seen . 
  even blair seemed to at least genuinely believe in what he did . 
  like what psoe claims to be/used to be . 
  well , not recently anyway . 
  farage would say that , his party has one seat in parliament , they were n't the ones expected to come up with a plan . 
  it 's johnson and co who really dropped the ball here . 
  honestly , it 's appalling that we 're not even hearing about the lack of a plan until now . 
  the post-exit plan should have been a huge part of the debate the very fact that the plan -- or lack thereof -- has n't even been brought up until afterward just tells you how little this whole affair has been grounded in fact . 
  yeah , i probably should have clarified , sorry . 
  it 's purely a rhetorical precedent , not a legal one . 
  madrid can turn around and say to the catalans `` they left because their government left the eu , and they wanted to stay ; if we ever leave the eu , maybe we can talk about catalan independence , but not until then . '', 
    the uk will still have to pay into the eu pot , but will get none of the say in how it 's run . 
   to some extent . 
  it 's not clear how much though . 
  they wo n't benefit from any rebates or exemptions now , so it could well be more , depending on how they negotiate it . 
  also , farmers and fisherman may be happy with this , but people who buy that food -- which is to say , all people -- certainly wo n't be . 
  scotland and london will be super fucked , it is big here , and is ( or was ) seen as a major area for future growth . 
  i think it 's actually more like 30 % of the eu 's rulings , but it 's that 30 % that matter most because they deal with trade . 
  also , not only will the uk still have to pay into the pot , they 'll actually have to pay * more * because they no longer have that sweet , sweet rebate . 
  maybe , it will all depend on what the next government looks like . 
  parliament will still be dominated by anti-brexit voices , and given the governments hesitance to even invoke article 50 , i have a feeling the separation wo n't be as thorough as the leave campaign might have hoped for . 
  i certainly do n't think boris is as enthusiastic about it as farage for instance . 
  i 've seen some people suggest that in this scenario , scottish independence could actually work in madrid 's favour , as it establishes a precedent for seceding states entering the eu that requires their parent state to have left the eu , something spain has no interest in doing in the near future . 
  a lot could also depend on gibraltar . 
  if the uk stays in the eea , or reaches some similar arrangement , the pound wo n't sink far . 
  if they do n't , then they will face a pretty serious recession and it could drop considerably , but that will eventually spur exports and the economy will return to growth ( albeit not to the point they 'd be if they 'd never left in the first place ) and the pound will recover . 
  in that event , were scotland to stay , they 'd get ~ two years of the pound as a competitive currency before it was back to the status quo . 
  the pound has historically been the more valuable of the two currencies and as long as that remains the case , scotland 's exports outside of the eu will always have trouble competing . 
  i 'm not saying scotland could n't get by without england , i 'm just saying it wo n't be on the strength of the oil economy , which was a crucial part of the proposed plan in 2014 . 
  but then it also included keeping the pound which would be a much worse decision than adopting the euro . 
  fat load of difference that made . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've got a lot of sympathy for the english that voted to remain , especially the young people , but the brexit movement was pretty much english through and through . 
  they did n't want a major eu member state to be weaker , now that britain is leaving the eu , they 're probably willing to cut their losses . 
  maybe not , but it definitely is england 's fault that the uk voted to leave . 
  the economic plan also did n't account for oil dropping below 100 dollars a barrel , it 's at like 40 right now . 
  i mean it certainly does n't hurt to have it there , but it 's no basis for a future economy the way the snp claimed it was in 2014 . 
  then again , neither is living off the barnet formula forever . 
  if scotland 's economy is to modernise and be comparable to ireland 's , for instance , trade outside the uk must be expanded , and that 's never going to happen on the pound . 
  north sea oil is worth fuck all at the moment anyhow . 
  much as i hate to admit it , ukip had like 12 percent of the vote , and only had one seat . 
  much as i hate them , that 's not right either . 
  the fact that we have a separate political class at all is slightly problematic . 
  do you really not think he was joking ? 
  do you honestly , * seriously * think that john cleese wants to see jean-claude juncker dead ? 
  because i * promise * you he does not . 
  it was n't a very good joke , and it was probably in poor taste , but if you genuinely think that was meant to be taken literally , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  this is where stereotypes come from . 
  i mean , you do n't have to find it a funny thing to joke about , but i promise you it was a joke . 
  john cleese does not think jean-claude juncker should be executed . 
  i ca n't believe i even have to explain that .
