   i dont see this as particularily surprising . 
  you say that we should n't prosecute one and excuse the other , only to then turn around and excuse the other . 
  so it 's not just me . 
  i do n't know whether to be relieved or worried by that ... 
  i 'm leaning more towards worried . 
  i mean i 'm not saying having mods delete posts is necessarily a good idea , but do we really have to take * every * opportunity to prove godwin 's law ? 
  maybe we 'll get lucky and the immigrant crisis will tear the eu apart and the eurozone with it before that happens . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're comparing mods deleting extraneous posts to the regime responsible for both the largest war in history , and probably the worst genocide of all time . 
  get a grip man . 
  never heard the term brogressive before , but it really surmises reddit perfectly . 
  nah , the posh fuckers go to hong kong or dubai . 
  probably because the elites never actually interact with the migrants . 
  wow , never thought i 'd see a list of german teams without bayern at the top . 
  good one . 
  ^ ( did i really need to add the / s ? ), 
  they were gypsies tho . 
  i agree on the euro . 
  in fact i 'm not a huge fan of the eu in it 's current format either . 
  i just feel like countries need to be willing to put there money where their mouths are . 
  fine . 
  if they are n't willing to contribute , they should n't be part of the union ; that sounds like the best option for everyone . 
  france is unique in that regard , but it still should n't matter here ; it 's not like britain recognizes legal differences in a marriage presided over by an imam versus one presided over by a priest . 
  i mean i 'm not swedish , but they seem very nationalistic , and very paternalistic . 
  perhaps it 's extreme to call them neo-fascist , but the descriptor does n't seem too far off the mark . 
  well i mean if it 's the eu pushing these migrants on you , it 's not that ridiculous to request that the eu also assist in funding your countries efforts to resettle them . 
  well then i hope those countries are willing to leave the union . 
  where 's the anti-american circle jerk coming from ? 
  literally no one said anything about america until you brought it up . 
  you asked how greece would go about hunting traffickers , someone told you they actually have a pretty decent military , and your response was to assert , for literally no discernible reason , that the us could invade greece . 
  it 's comments like this that * lead * to people criclejerking about the us , and i say that as an american expat . 
  randomly bringing up the fact that america could invade the shit out of a european country does n't do a whole lot of good for the image of americans on this subreddit . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that western european countries tend to have higher employment rates , and offer better wages than turkey and many of the various eastern european countries one has to go through to get to germany or sweden . 
  it could just as easily be about finding gainful employment . 
  how is that in any way related to greece 's ability to hunt down traffickers ? 
  right , all i 'm saying is that france was n't some benefactor in this situtation . 
  the original comment in this thread was `` hungary borders austria , so this is n't comparable to the current situation . '', 
  what do you figure he means by current situation ? 
  i would n't say that the turkish government is complicit , but i 'm sure they are n't too bothered to see their burden lightened . 
  turkey may have a hard time resettling some of these immigrants , so they get disgruntled and head to europe where they have a chance of actually settling in , and turkey 's just as happy not to have to deal with them . 
  i mean , france , and to a lesser extent the uk , sort of created syria as a political entity . 
  that was a long time ago , though . 
  but it was a mandate they had asked for , and were given because britain wanted iraq and it 's oil , and felt they needed to give something in return . 
  the problem is radicalization is basically just a way of thinking , and that 's very difficult to police on both a practical grounds and on an ethical ones . 
  you 're right that chinese immigrants in america did n't tend to be particularly religious , but american society at the time was incredibly religious -- so much so that the period was referred to as the third great awakening . 
  so there 's an areligious population trying to merge with a larger , heavily religious population , whereas this is an example of a religious population trying to merge into a secular one . 
  also , there are issues with pakistani 's in the uk for sure , but for a hundred years , this was n't really a big problem . 
  the same is even true of north and sub-saharan africans in france . 
  for generations they got along fine , and assimilated quite well with the population ; now we 're having issues with their descendants generations later , as well as issues with more recent immigrants from similar cultures ; the issue then is something new . 
  in this instance , sure , it happens to be muslims , but the earlier point was that arming muslim militants in particular is never a good idea , when in reality , the problem is by no means exclusive to muslims . 
  my point is that there is an inherent risk to countries involving themselves in the affairs of others like this , regardless of the nature of the groups being armed . 
  what about the massive influx of immigrants from the indian subcontinent that came to britain during the period of the raj and afterward . 
  chinese immigrants in america in the late 1800s are an arguably even more extreme example , as china had really no history with the fledgling us up until that point . 
  i mean immigration always has it 's tensions , but after four generations , this should not be an issue . 
  please , explain to me how this problem is specific to muslims . 
  because it seems pretty clear to me that this sort of thing is it not new , and that similar problems have occurred in the past even when those being armed have no connection to islam . 
  i would n't be so quick to call it a falsity ; it 's been some sixty years since the algerian wars . 
  another four generations is plenty of time to change how we treat immigrants and ensure that the grandchildren of the refugees coming to europe now are accepted into french society properly . 
  although the way things are going now , i ca n't say i 'm holding out a huge amount of hope . 
  there 's no real evidence to suggest that . 
  i just provided you with three similar examples in non-muslim countries , the only reason you have to believe this is specifically the result of the religion of those being armed is your own prejudices . 
  except that there are many instances of immigrant populations successfully assimilating into their new cultures ; when it does n't happen it 's us all the result of some sort of obstacle set up , often inadvertently by that new culture . 
  has nothing to do with islam . 
  same thing happened in vietnam , and during the russian civil war . 
  when you get involved in a situation , you run the risk of becoming entangled with it . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  there are instances of it working and instances of it not working . 
  the western allies did their bet to rebuild west german military capability after the war in much the same way , and that turned out fine . 
  the issue here is the complete lack of discretion in who is receiving these arms and why . 
  it 's blatantly irresponsible . 
  i 'd think the young men fleeing the war in syria probably are n't too fond of is or al nusra , or they would have joined up . 
  if they were willing to commit violence in the name of wahhabi islam , they would n't have left syria to do it i do n't think . 
  well in a lot of cases they people being tracked have n't done anything wrong other than hold dangerous opinions , which is hardly something you can outlaw . 
  his wording was a little unclear , but to me he seemed to be emphasising the role of anti-muslim policies in creating an inhospitable environment for muslim , rather than directly kicking them out . 
  also , he just said far right , did n't necessarily refer to fn in particular . 
  could be that he 's basing it off his own experience with individuals from the far right , and the sentiments they 've expressed to him , rather than actual positions of the far right parties like fn . 
  i feel like you may not have an adequately complete understanding of this period to make the judgements you seem to want to make . 
  most historians now tend to agree that the `` dark ages '' were n't actually all that dark and that important social and scientific progress was made in that period despite it 's reputation , both in spite of and because of the influence of religion . 
  from the wikipedia article `` dark ages '' :  this definition is still found in popular use , but increased recognition of the accomplishments of the middle ages has led to the label being restricted in application . 
  since the 20th century , it is frequently applied to the earlier part of the era , the early middle ages ( c. 5th -- 10th century ) . 
  however , many modern scholars who study the era tend to avoid the term altogether for its negative connotations , finding it misleading and inaccurate for any part of the middle ages . 
  you realize there 's a bit of a war on there , right ? 
  honestly , i feel like france actually is less of america 's bitch than the uk . 
  i find it interesting that he set spain back so far despite being a supporter of napoleon , who a lot of people regard as having played a big part in bringing europe into modernity . 
  which `` cities '' are included ? 
  i have a feeling most european capitals would be quite a bit more expensive . 
  not that that 's a particularly high standard , i imagine . 
  you 're absolutely right , i think the main argument is that growth in the finance sector tends to favor the top of the income ladder , which i would say is an issue , but there 's nothing inherently wrong with an economy that relies heavily on banking . 
  not to mention the uk just voted in a conservative government that campaigned on a very familiar narrative of `` fiscal responsibility . '', 
  i swear to god if i hear one more person compare government debt to personal debt i 'm moving to ireland . 
  maybe not quite that bad , more centrist , centre left in a few cases . 
  the presidential candidate bernie sanders , the second name signed , evidently considers himself a social democrat , and much of the american left support that sort of centre-left ideology , although a lot of times they 're not big on the whole `` socialism '' label , or the anti-capitalism narrative , for whatever reason . 
  i mean that does n't stop them from making him a new one like they did qaddafi . 
  what if this whole grexit thing is just an elaborate conspiracy perpetrated by the paper industry ? 
  really ? 
  i always figured sch\u00e4uble was the `` adult in the room . '', 
  yeah , but i seem to recall you guys had another referendum recently that went okay . 
  plus i hear their leader has supernatural abilities . 
  the ice people always stick together . 
  we can form a treaty organization based on our position in the north atlantic .
