the hostels will fill up eventually !, 
  it is n't our fault we need a good riot every ... well quite often . 
  this is flagrant racism !, 
  you must be from cornwall !, 
  from armagh and most of my cousins who are still there are now south of the border . 
  at this point i just hate roaming charges since i went to school in buffalo , ny and i 'd get hit 5 miles before the us-canada border . 
  if my family is anywhere near the median , there are more of us than you 'd expect . 
  what da fugg you talking aboud ? 
  yeah , that 's how the new york city `` cabbie '' or working accent became des guys and dem bums . 
  while most of the muffins , bagels and whatnot just look vile , the green beer needs to be destroyed . 
  and i must stress , not by drinking . 
  got traumatized my first time in an american college . 
  ended up in a first year bar where the floors were a sloshy green by 11 . 
  i 'm a catholic atheist , so republican , but ok with it all and all sides . 
  my da got guns to his head so is * slightly * biased against the unionists and the british . 
  oh that gave me a good chuckle . 
  seriously sounds like something my family would ask . 
  shit people routinely confuse the swiss and the swedes . 
  i grew up near the border and my ma is from the republic and da is from the north . 
  i 've found i literally change it up depending on who i 'm talking to . 
  well ... not all of it . 
  but call a northern republican english and see what happens . 
  this also is cause of no amount of grief when explaining our weird history . 
  which is kind of why i 'm happy my primary education until hs was n't in america . 
  though i did get the shit kicked out of me on my first apus exam . 
  took a bit to pick it all up . 
  god help me , i was in america , it is n't a joke . 
  look up the prison yard rush . 
  that 's how you die . 
  if they have a gun and know how to use it you 're done , same with a knife . 
  but if they brandish it to scare you , a knife is a lot easier to talk down or get close to . 
  a knife requires locks and wrist breaking . 
  a gun requires roughly 5.5 lbs of jerk motion , and most people have no clue how to stop the hammer . 
  they are both scary and dangerous , nobody ever wants to deal with either . 
  remember the important punk rock rhyme . 
  if they have a gun you rush if they have a knife you run . 
  if you ca n't outrun a psychopath with a knife i got nothing . 
  i think you overestimate your ability to handle a knife brandishing person . 
  once that blade is out , somebody is going to probably die or be disfigured . 
  you said tackle , the response is to step back and stab you in the back to hit the organs or spinal cord . 
  you rush you get prison yard hit . 
  if they pulled a knife the ante is upped . 
  if they pull a gun you are n't a goddamn western , you move slow and offer to walk away . 
  in a shoot out few people can actually hit things . 
  cause dublin normally is n't that bad , if his gf is irish he should have her set it up and see what happens . 
  it might also depend on which english accent , but that seems extreme . 
  though does sound like shit my da would do , but he 's north born and bred . 
  he does n't even like that my gf is scottish , my ma is from the republic and she honestly gives no shits . 
  i always try to use my u 's , but my gf 's ipad autocorrects us on that matter . 
  last time we changed it to u.k. autocorrect it kind of stopped correcting at all . 
  i use grey , but occasionally gray if it involves location searches . 
  if it involves a name for a paper i have to go double check because it can be either . 
  was n't 2008 the height of the meltdown ? 
  but hell , i grew up catholic and still do n't have problems when i go home . 
  i do n't really advertise it , so there is that . 
  but i 'm calling bluff , until you share with us more details . 
  i 'm u.k. born and living in america , my spell check does n't like me . 
  stupid english us default settings . 
  grey vs gray is a fun one , since there are moments where americans have to stop and think about which one is which . 
  time will tell , but considering a bunch of the leave leaders basically ran for the hills after the vote , not a huge amount of confidence there . 
  last i heard they wanted it to be about the exact same , free travel , people living and working in other countries can stay without issue and u.k. just does n't have to let in immigrants it does n't want . 
  there are , linguistically , three different frisians . 
  so it gets mildly confusing depending on which one we are talking about . 
  that being said english is a silly language . 
  how many times did they elect him ? 
  wow ... i 'm normally a political junkie , but brexit and america kind of broke me . 
  my two countries hurt me . 
  i 'm not sure there is an italian way to commit political suicide . 
  which loved one did they take from you ? 
  but russia bonking around with our votes would n't shock me . 
  yup , crazy . 
  add on : though if the brexit somehow gets more insane and makes ni want to join the republic i will literally shit myself . 
  because my da will get arrested and my mum will be laughing at us . 
  she 's from cork , he 's from armagh ( as am i ) . 
  somehow whatever town in westchester they live in will have to lock him up ... until they find out he is an international corporate lawyer and destroys them . 
  they are italian , it is like the french , but less angry and more emotional . 
  that the one where the pm/president wants to downsize the government reps ? 
  he said he would step down if it failed as well ? 
  i still am not sure if it will go , the original vote was like 66 % . 
  but abortion is the one issue i can acknowledge as ... weird . 
  i know both my parents are against it , yet for gay marriage . 
  might take another generation, 
  unless it was around the world cup 2006 and the oder-neisse line then probably not . 
  since then my germany/poland drinking has remained in the cities . 
  why are you stalking me and my friends in the woods ? 
  that 's why they have to learn , you do n't get a solid wood hiking staff until your magic is strong . 
  now they must fill out a new form to requisition white flags . 
  how dare you ... yeah the heer ( army ) would run away . 
  while that works , that 's like albion for england , so no clue how many get it, 
  the vast majority of my family is downright proud of it . 
  we all have our vices , some of us drink , some of us fornicate , some of us shoot heroin into our eyeballs ... but line dancers ... they are the dredges of humanity . 
  hey , some of us are catholic and voted that way !, 
  no , the party is all sorts of messed up and completely violates agreements and is a blight on the north . 
  i 've accepted them as a bunch of tossers , but if they ally with may things can get messed up really fast . 
  they probably hate to see your stupid face . 
  when we are pissed we all get along well . 
  the hangover is when it goes to shit . 
  the scottish and irish have a mildly protective dislike of the welsh , and each other . 
  the english get more than mild dislike . 
  yup , just expanding that idea to iceland over nz .
