yes but is n't the point to have 28 pictures of those in different places ? 
  someone really needs to get started on recycling bins of the european union . 
  erm honestly we treat everyone the same in that regard , including other brits . 
  the important thing to remember is that we rarely take this sort of thing seriously . 
  how does a country even function when nearly half of the working population ca n't get a job ? 
  heheheh ... wait a minute !, 
  all in favour of combining the welsh and walloons into one nation and setting it adrift in the atlantic ? 
  i think the welsh are ultimately responsible . 
  yeah particularly which one france is counted under . 
   permanent repository for nuclear waste . 
  we like to call it scotland, 
  can we make them take n.ireland when they go ? 
  our murder rate would be nice and low . 
  drunk, 
  beer , wine , cider , spirits ... name an alcoholic beverage and the british consume it in large quantities . 
  i 'd say this is mostly due to cheap importation of alcohol from all over europe . 
  just the other night for example i had a couple of bottles of rekorderlig cider from sweden ( very nice ) my dad 's favourite beer is from the czech rep and so on . 
  i guess if i had to narrow it down brits are particularly fond of beer , whether it is lager , ale or even stout . 
  drinking culture is very strong in the uk and is often used as a way to socialize and let off steam at the end of the week . 
  and ? 
  the northern irish ( at least a large majority ) want to remain part of the uk , just like the people living in gibraltar . 
  what right do we have to determine their future for them ? 
  using your logic should n't spain cede ceuta and melilla to morocco ? 
  something a surprising number of british voters lack i 'm afraid . 
  it 's sad how easily i can believe it . 
  some people over here are atrociously ignorant when it comes to politics . 
  result : united kingdom ... kinda boring but accurate i guess . 
  edit : and the ideal area of russia for me to live in is smolensk oblast apparently . 
  well you actually get to share that honour with albania , moldova and lithuania . 
  could be worse though at least you get to be on the map this time ( poor malta ), 
  a cheesy garlic bread from a rather dingy takeaway in my neighbourhood . 
  usually when i wake up my hands are still covered in the grease from it . 
  pictures ? 
  i ignore the article entirely and go straight to the reddit comments . 
  right wing parties at the top of the list and it gets more left wing as it goes down . 
   i can confirm that queuing is a concept that has n't quite entered into the national psyche . 
  we initiate round 2 of the 100 years war . 
  * hon hon hon *, 
  i also have no idea . 
  i can get brie , camembert , emmental and some french blue cheese ( i think roquefort ) at my local booths . 
  blind hate ? 
  there are plenty of things i like about france i just dislike french cheese . 
  we could just stick to british cheese its better anyway . 
  uk weather is brilliant !, 
  well apart from the recent heatwave but that should n't last for long . 
  have you considered being more efficient ? 
  what moderator will / r/europe embark on a crusade against next ? 
  find out next week !, 
  the secret anglo plan to instil hatred against the french moderator while maintaining our mongrel language 's dominance is a resounding success !, 
  what is it about you that causes some people to object so strongly ? 
  well to be fair europe is having a hectic month of news . 
  well keep in mind the campaigning has n't started yet , when the referendums a couple of months off the news will be dominated by it . 
  i 'm expecting turnout to be somewhere between 60-70 % . 
  you underestimate how much attention people are paying to the referendum . 
  i would n't be surprised if there is a higher turnout than the recent general election . 
  you realise the majority of the country is currently in favour of staying in the eu ? 
  unless something major happens before the referendum we will not be leaving . 
  but immigrants are traditionally british . 
  they added it back in the 8.1 update and it will be in windows 10 from the start . 
  well gin  wine anyway . 
  i wish it was always like that we had far too much sunlight today . 
   we celebrate our defeats more than our victories . 
  does that include the time where we made off with your navy ? 
  jesus this subreddit has been having an asbsurd week . 
  huh looks like hes at it again . 
  i actually found the extra sausage bit quite amusing . 
  yeah russia leave clegg alone he 's already had an awful year . 
  sins fun you should give it a go sometime !, 
  we broke the treaty of amiens because napoleon was attempting to increase french control over switzerland , italy and the western hre . 
  yeaah london traffic means the car journey would be more like an hour . 
  and you have to pay the congestion charge ( # 11.50 daily ) if you want to drive through a large portion of central london . 
  there are multiple layers of conservatism . 
  ( is that a word ? ), 
  will the western-nazi-gay hordes have battle elephants ? 
  honestly i find thats true for all the north west recently ( preston represent ! ), 
  fair point ... admittedly unicorns are considerably more likely than the uk sending someone interesting . 
  half decent uk entry to eurovision ? 
  do you also believe in unicorns ? 
  hey you can have your independence and your oil but the cost is you have to give us 12 points each year . 
  hey we have ** 1 ** more submarine than them . 
  i really do n't know why but for some reason i want it to be bornholm . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  if anything the argentine military has actually declined since 1982 . 
  please tell me its not always lit like that . 
  you forgot cyprus ( admittedly who dose n't ), 
  just make sure to hold them off long enough for us to blow up the channel tunnel . 
  and we 've forgotten to be afraid of you , is n't that cause for celebration ? 
  just english , sadly i 'm that old british sterotype . 
  that a type of pizza or something ? 
  it 's the typical chinese response of `` you have no direct relevance to our interests so do n't expect us to give a shit '', 
  oh neat i 'm eligible . 
  trust me most people over here do n't like the lad culture . 
  irish + `` we trust uk historically '' something does n't seem right here . 
  implying the other parties have credibility ? 
  i mean i 've always thought he was an oppressive git and i do n't remember him being mentioned in school at all . 
  honestly though ireland in general seems to be ignored in history lessons which is a shame . 
  this is why bmi is n't a great measure of healthy weight . 
  `` secret '', 
  big if true . 
  great does not always mean good .
