you 're right , it 's not like france was constantly invaded for more than 2000 years or something ... 
  france was part of nato since the start . 
  de gaulle stops the participation in integrated military command , but not the belonging to the alliance . 
  and de gaulle 's france had a plan to participate in nato combats against warsaw pact forces in case of invasion of germany , which was well known by western leaders , just not publicly . 
  poland pretty much always buys american , maybe german , but never french systems . 
  the warning is thus senseless because poland would buy the american missile defense system anyway . 
  do you know of a single strike with a plane ? 
  never . 
  there were several . 
  i read your report , and it states clearly that uk never ran out of ammunition . 
  maybe pathetic , but second only to the us . 
  french strikes were the 19th of march 2011 , one day before the american cruise missiles strikes , so no . 
  usa help was great , but not an absolute necessity . 
  the weapons shortages concerned relatively small nations like denmark , not the uk or france . 
  the data from your link are 30 years old . 
  i wish there were more recent ones . 
  britain did n't run out of bombs during the libyan conflcit . 
  thearticle is poorly written , and you 'll note it does n't say directly so . 
  some small countries like danemark were having difficulties near the end . 
  but neither britan nor france were short on bombs . 
  i do n't think they are afraid of increased racism , but of increasingly bad science . 
  cr\u00e9dits are sparse and funding research in such fields is considered wastful . 
  in france , you ca n't hold education position if you profess races exist in humanity . 
  it is the overwhelming opinion of french scholars . 
  there are obvious distinctions , but not enough to constiture diff\u00e9rents races as there are different dog races . 
  and that 's a shame . 
  why the need to critisize or ridicule other 's feelings ? 
  i searched a little on the internet and it seems than in english , contrary to french , there is no rule per se , but practice does indeed consider number  1 as plural , contrary to french where numbers < 2 are singular . 
  sorry to have rebuked needlessly . 
  technically no . 
  if x < 2 , x is considered grammatically to be singular ( in france at least , i do n't know in english ) . 
  france is a founding country https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency, 
  france , uk , germany and italy could, 
  `` the french energy corporation areva for example manages to extract 40 % of france 's uranium consumption out of niger alone '' the total part of areva in edf supply of uranium is limited to 40 % to avoid too much depending on one source . 
  areva does n't get 100 % of its uranium from niger . 
  the actual % of sources of procurement is not published publicly for safety reason . 
  `` the majority of french military expenditure goes to troops stationed in cfa regions '' france defense budget is 32 billions of euros . 
  the cost of african presence is less than a billion per year . 
  so not the majority by far . 
  an interesting blog here ( in french sorry ) http://general-faivre.fr/spip.php?article26 http://www.connaissancedesenergies.org/fiche-pedagogique/reserves-d-uranium-naturel-dans-le-monde no senegal and mali have little uranium exploited . 
  australia have 31 % of uranium proven reserves . 
  the only countries with more than 5 % : kazakhstan ( 12 % ) canada ( 9 % ) russia ( 9 % ) niger ( 8 % ) south africa ( 5 % ) brazil ( 5 % ) namibia ( 5 % ) https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/franc_cfa its value is guaranteed by france which bring tremendous money stability for these countries . 
  mali has almost no uranium mines . 
  that 's not what motivated france to intervene there . 
  that is a myth . 
  neither the uk nor france ran out of bombs . 
  some small countries like danemark were having some trouble with their stocks . 
  that was mis translated as all the european countries running out . 
  yes . 
  m51 and asmp-a . 
  why ? 
  love is a very natural and beautiful thing . 
  that 's a myth . 
  the uk and france did n't run out of ammunition in libya . 
  just a small caveat , but the gripen uses an american engine . 
  people tend to forget that france is the only european country which master the solid fuel propeller technology that is used both for ariane rocket and the m51.x missiles ( including russia which uses liquid fuel ) . 
  that tech is highly classified by france and not shared with the other countries of the ariane conglomerate . 
  the uk , germany and probably italy would be able to research and make their own , but it would not be cheap nor quick . 
  at the time of the norman invasion of england , the normans were culturally french and spoke french . 
  and the were n't politically independent as the duke was to pledge allegiance to the king of france . 
  no uranium in mali, 
  france nor uk ever run out of lgbs . 
  i think a lot of countries are interested by the performances of aaw both korean and us . 
  dupuy de lome is one of the best to tracks those . 
  '' inferred resources recoverable at a cost range of below 260 usd/kg u '' that does n't say there is no uranium in france , it says it would be very pricey to extract it . 
  i lived in a city where there is an uranium mine . 
  they closed it because it was too expensive to mine versus just buying canadian one . 
  not only qi , there are interesting documentaries on youtube on the tunnel . 
  actually the terrain was harder to tunnel from the french side, 
  as i remember chamberlain was even more eager than daladier to appease hitler . 
  he is elected with more than 60 % of the votes . 
  yes i do, 
  analogy is not an argument . 
  if you ca n't understand what moral support is , i 'm very happy for you , it means you have n't suffer in life . 
  great for you . 
  you know very well it is not possible for gay pride to happen in those countries . 
  but news are not stopped by frontiers anymore . 
  these parades are very important to show lgbt people exist and are proud to exist , to tell those people who ca n't manifest , `` we manifest for you , to tell you you 're not alone '' . 
  it 's very important to show that they are not alone in the world . 
  they 'll stop when they 're not longer at risk doing it , worldwide . 
  because its main function is to track the french icbm ( or equivalent ) across the atlantic ocean , since the french dga fire them from the south west of france and they `` land '' somewhere east of florida . 
  france has no territory near that zone to have those captors on . 
  so the boat is the better solution . 
  and being a boat , she can participate on other scientific tests when she is no required by the army for the missiles . 
  some countries had difficulties , yes . 
  but you said europe and it was too large a catch , 
  in french , but google is your friend : http://www.lepoint.fr/editos-du-point/jean-guisnel/les-etranges-affirmations-du-washington-post-sur-la-guerre-en-libye-16-04-2011-1320078_53.php, 
  that 's a myth . 
  which is hard to kill because it helps people belittling europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure the constitutional council would strike it down thanks to the equality principle . 
  but they seem to work perfectly for the french marine . 
  what gives ? 
  there would n't be a re election , mike pence would be the next president . 
  `` france and the uk ran out of ammunition in libya in less than a month '' : that is a myth . 
  a very persistent myth but a myth nonetheless . 
  uk and france never ran out of ammunition . 
  what their armies realized is that they were using 100,000 $ worth of bombs to destroy 5,000 $ trucks . 
  so they switched to less intelligent am munitions which were as useful and more economic . 
  for the transport in mali , the usa help was a convenient one , not an absolute necessity , and it will be less and less used as more a400m are delivered . 
  uk were also helping as the famous ukrainian antonov planes .
