  oh i see , thanks . 
  this is amazing !, 
  you should definitely post this on the main subreddit !, 
  really sorry to hear that . 
  main subreddit are uneducated barbarians : t, 
  steven found him seemingly at random in the desert . 
  i mean it 's very well possible the rest of them are still lost in it . 
  oh ... heh , i did actually not see their colors the first time , but it 's a flashback after all . 
  a flashback in which garnet and pearl are dressed in colonial fashion and ride a velocipede . 
  yes , that is exactly what i meant by saying it 's a flashback , 
  true , but i 'm thinking maybe she could have tried to heal those shards somehow , regretting what she has done , making lions in the process . 
  oh , you 're right ... 
  i must have confused it with something man-made . 
  still looks kinda mane-y . 
  i love how much people like jojo on this sub . 
  we had an su styled `` walk like an egyptian '' ending scene animation with su here that didnt quite get popular on the main sub but i think people liked it here , 
  oh hey , it 's you !, 
  great video mate !, 
  come on ... 
  this is different, 
  i 'm urgently looking for an mmo i can play on intel hd 4000, 
  i just bought a refurbished toshiba r930 , since i am going to be working abroad in dresden . 
  it 's the i7 variant , which is definitely a pro for mmos , but the graphics are still hd 4000 , a huge downgrade from my gaming rig . 
  i would still however like to return to mmos sometimes , as mmos have helped me with languages more than anything . 
  so , without further ado , what good and still popular mmos can be played on it above 30 fps ? 
  out of the mmos i have played recently there are archeage , eso , gw2 , defiance , perpetuum , path of exile , the secret world and star trek online , but i 'm certainly not opposed to other suggestions  i would like to download one title , since the ssd is only 128gb in capacity and i be moving tomorrow morning . 
  unfortunately i can not download any there , due to prepaid sim internet , so this is a bit urgent . 
  ahh thank you . 
  i kinda avoided wow for a long time , but i guess it ca n't hurt to try :p, 
  could you please refer it to me then ? 
  if i can check right now it would be a lot easier . 
  i meant the thread from an hour ago, 
  the thing i want to find out where is the gpu performance/vram limit it 's not worth going over . 
  i am aware how severe the bottlenecking is , but [ this guy 's results in a similar build made me optimistic ] ( http://www.pcworld.com/article/2984716/laptop-computers/how-to-transform-your-laptop-into-a-gaming-powerhouse-with-an-external-graphics-card.html?page=3 ) . 
  i am aware how severe the bottlenecking is , [ this guy 's results in a similar build made me optimistic ] ( http://www.pcworld.com/article/2984716/laptop-computers/how-to-transform-your-laptop-into-a-gaming-powerhouse-with-an-external-graphics-card.html?page=3 ), 
  thank you for the detailed information ! . 
  still , [ this guy 's results ] ( http://www.pcworld.com/article/2984716/laptop-computers/how-to-transform-your-laptop-into-a-gaming-powerhouse-with-an-external-graphics-card.html?page=3 ) kind of make me want to go through with it , even as just an enthusiast 's project . 
  the thing i am trying to find out is which tier of graphics cards would be the point for me it would not be worth it to go above to any more powerful card . 
  i 'd probably like to fit within 100 euros or something , since this is really just a hobby thing . 
  thanks !, 
  unfortunately the one i got second hand is gtx560ti , so i am not sure if that support is there . 
  however , my laptop should support optimus , so hopefully i can get it working . 
  thank you very much for clearing the whole thing up !, 
  for the price you specified , i think your best bet would be looking for a high end refurbished laptop - for example lenovo t430 with intel hd graphics has a thunderbolt slot . 
  you can also get a laptop with an expresscard slot - i did the same and got the porteg\u00e9 r930-14x . 
  despite the bottlenecking expresscard still offers about 67 % performance the card reaches in a desktop . 
  expresscard solutions are also ten times cheaper . 
  also , i think you need intel integrated graphics card if you wan na use the internal display . 
  ( hd graphics etc. ), 
  well , none of them have thunderbolt nor expresscard slot , so you 'd have to use mpcie , which means opening the laptop everytime you wan na use the egpu and putting it instead of the wifi card . 
  unfortunately expresscards seem to be pretty much absent in newer laptops , and thunderbolt doesnt come in the cheaper ones - among the cheapest laptops with thunderbolt i found that have a full core gpu ( not core m ) is hp zbook 15u g3 , but it 's out of your price range , which is why i reccomended a refurbished laptop, 
  we do n't care wheter people use it or not , point is they can not complain the name is too long anymore . 
  well , it was slovaks who handed czechs the [ divorce papers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovak_national_council%27s_declaration_of_independence_of_the_slovak_nation ), 
  oh that 's important info . 
  thanks !, 
  i was thinking of throwing in an rgb led assembly . 
  that way i would have the colors changing to reflect how hot the gpu is . 
  raiderz is basically an mmo mh imitation with skimpier clothes . 
  it shut down but i think there should still be a private server around . 
  damn . 
  i wonder if you could build something like that off a regular station wagon, 
  i would probably prefer watercooling . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i 'll go take a look . 
  thanks !, 
  now this might just be the sexiest rv i have ever seen . 
  what a shame i do n't live in america . 
  you would n't believe how expensive american vans are in europe . 
  i swing back and forth between prague and dresden , two cities in germany and czechia  unfortunately if i bought a 2000 dollar van from the us , it would cost me another 2000 dollars or more to bring one here , so i do n't see much purpose in it . 
  those are pretty expensive here too , since they 're becoming a classic : t the only stuff that is moderately affordable is peugeot boxer , fiat ducato and ford transit from the turn of the millenium . 
  thanks so much !, 
  so if i get it correctly , the cooled water is led all the way from front to behind ? 
  does the radiator have a fan ? 
  that 's not actually an entiely bad idea , the thing is that any dripping system would get clogged . 
  well i mean , you 'd have to use pretty small holes to make the thing drip , is what i think . 
  emphasis on think , haha . 
  now that 's pretty . 
  how much weight do the wooden planks add , though ? 
  they look good and i would want them too , but weight is a thing i am worried about, 
  whoa . 
  well , i think 2.5 k is a great price for it . 
  pushing him any lower would be downright rude , haha . 
  thank you !, 
  this is so unfair . 
  why do these cost ten times as much in germany ? 
  that being said , it 's amazing . 
  she 's a beauty . 
  i actually do n't think having a weapon in your van is a bad idea , but i do n't think machete is that great , even though it is a good foraging tool , because wildly flailing a machete can get you hurt . 
  what i 'd reccomend is a bear mace ( the pepper spray , not the medieval weapon :p ) - which should stop any two or four legged intruder without risking their life . 
  an exception is someone who does n't really feel pain ( like a meth junkie ) or someone who wears glasses . 
  you could pack a knife as a backup plan , or if you want to be sure a revolver - it should still make enough noise to scare anyone away , but if it does n't , well ... you still have another option . 
  another problem with a handgun in metropolitan areas is that a gunshot noise coming from a van will get you in trouble with the police - while in rural towns they do n't care because plenty of people shoot outside for sport , a gunshot sound in the city always sounds the `` gang warfare siren for them '' . 
  i hope i did n't scare you . 
  do n't worry , break-ins a van do n't really happen often and if they do , most thieves tend to run away . 
  just do n't leave anything valuable on the front seats as a lure . 
  ah , jealous :p i 'd been wondering about getting one of these japanese/korean type vans . 
  are they spacious enough for one person and a workplace ? 
  fyi , i heard testosterone increases libido in women . 
  yeah , but of course you might get in trouble for sleeping in a van at some places . 
  i heard cali was pretty bad , but jesus .
