  i know right ? 
  i 'm a german resident czech national and would love to build something like that , but the bureaucracy makes it near impossible financially . 
  at least in czechia . 
  do n't break in cars lol . 
  i seriously doubt you would be charged with assault if you defended yourself , much less with a non lethal weapon . 
  you have a good alibi that you use it for bear defense in the woods , too . 
  did you miss a number ? 
  haha . 
  what year ? 
  older caravans were sold here rebadged as chrysler voyager and are plentiful here , newer were rebadged as vw routan , i think . 
  i 'd been thinking of getting one , but i do n't know how the bureaucrats would look at an mpv  rv conversion . 
  well having it in your car is not really carry , if that 's what you are concerned about . 
  especially if its a van often used for hiking trips . 
  and it 's still definitely not a deadly weapon , even though it should definitely be used carefully . 
  ah nevermind , i thought he wanted to talk him down to 500 , not by 500 ... 
  no problem , keep us posted on your build !, 
  +1 for your username alone, 
  or the worst one ever, 
  now i really wan na know how this one works . 
  is it built off like a regular sedan with the driver moved atop the engine ? 
  because that seems pretty epic . 
  i 'm building a van because i currently oscillate between prague and dresden , and it would be nice to save money for the room in dresden and it 's something that i have always wanted to do , though i need to figure out how to deal with the address . 
  after that i think it would be practical while i am in college , if there will be no issues with parking . 
  of course , when i actually want to settle down , i will have to look for a house , but the van might be helpful while it 's building or repairing it . 
  after all , if i ever had children , it would be a bad idea to raise a kid in a trailer park , and it would be downright idiotic to raise one in a van or an rv of any kind . 
  still , i think a van would be helpful to avoid commuting . 
  so i 'd say while it will be practical for a long time ( or as long as it does n't break down ) , i will only rely it as a primary means of dwelling for certain time periods in my life . 
  well , that 's my plan anyway . 
  the people here who actually are n't lurkers can tell you more , haha . 
  my god , that 's horrible . 
  did you sue ? 
  that really sucks . 
  sorry you had to go through that . 
  that really sucks . 
  sorry you had to go through that . 
  as long as you 're a faster runner than your significant other , you 're fine :p, 
  everytime americans post their vans i get so jealous . 
  2000 seems like an amazing price , and holy hell if it 's in the condition pictured do not even think twice . 
  do n't steal power . 
  there are already enough people giving vandwellers a bad name , and i 'm pretty sure it could be ruled as theft in most jurisdictions . 
  honestly i 'd advise you to get a low consumption laptop , ideally an ultrabook and hook it to a low tdp egpu , like the new 1050ti . 
  the performance should still be enough for modern games , if you can afford a top tier one , maybe even for vr , barely . 
  however , if you still demand to use a full gaming pc , then i guess a gas generator or shore power in camps would be your best bet . 
  however , gas generators are noisy , and to my knowledge have no catalytic converters , so they stink and are bad for the environment . 
  laptop processors are designed to take much less power , that is all . 
  what i mentioned was simply a setup that would take much less power than a typical gaming pc , which will be difficult to run off battery if that is what you want . 
  and about egpus , i guess i just like those since they allow you to remove them when you need to work on battery and save power , and you can take your laptop out if you do n't wan na leave it in your van unattended . 
  i do n't know how exactly longer it would allow you to play , but my setup with a 35 w powered laptop and a 1050ti ( which is a power saving card ) keeps it under 100w - however the tech i use ( expresscard ) bottlenecks the gpu to about half its performance in a desktop . 
  if you had enough cash for a setup that used thunderbolt 3 , there should be pretty much no bottlenecking . 
  it 's still enough for me . 
  i do n't have the exact figures but i believe my gaming pc takes about 3-5 times more power . 
  however , i guess a power saving mini-itx pc would also be a good alternative ... or maybe underclocking ? 
  but i 'm not well versed in that . 
  the thing is - do you prefer fancy detail , or game time on the go ? 
  also , you could consider streaming games off a pc at home , but i never tried that so i dunno about the lag . 
  tl ; dr - it 's just a setup that would take less power and that i personally find interesting . 
  i think it would be best to build a separate , power saving setup to use in your van . 
  while gaming pcs are cool , i think you should prefer power consumption if you want to get any good game time on the power system in your van off the power grid/generator i mean - you need light too , 
  sorry if i made little sense , it 's 5:30 am , i am waiting for a bus and i have not slept . 
  hard to say , really . 
  i got a laptop when i moved to dresden since my pc would n't fit here , so i worked off that when considering moving in a van, 
  soo , do you just glue the insulation on , or do you screw into the van itself ? 
  oh even the wood ? 
  just on bare metal ? 
  wow . 
  oh i remember when we discussed that . 
  how many people could use it at a time again ? 
  would look nicer if you could put some cloth over it , but like horatio said , not a hill to die on . 
  he 's handsome , even though i see some rust . 
  any idea how much they are asking ? 
  heh , you do n't have to , i would n't ba able to buy it anyway . 
  it just seemed interesting . 
  at first when i read it i thought rioters broke into your van . 
  nice shot !, 
  it 's cool , but not really practical . 
  i mean unless you love small cars and trailers at the same time . 
  for that price you could already get a minivan and convert it as a whole, 
  if you appear shorter it 's either your mom 's high heels or your posture . 
  i ca n't , but i have gone to school with a 2 metre tall guy who had no issue with it . 
  it 's more about a lack of stretching than anything else . 
  my reasons :, 
  1 : individualism . 
  ** rvs are designed for family camping trips , which is unsuitable for the needs of most vandwellers who are either singles or couples . 
  it 's useless to have five bedspaces if your space to work is tiny ** biggest reason for me , and many others . 
  since many people do these conversions themselves , they can let their creative juices flow and design the living space exactly how they want it . 
  2 : price . 
  you could maybe build a cheap very old rv for the price of a decent van , but you would need to remodel it anyway because it would smell ( plus remodel it for reasons mentioned above ), 
  3 : dynamics . 
  rvs are slower because they are rarely aerodynamic , which also gives them worse mileage - both are significant for people who commute in their vehicles or travel long distances , they are also not very sturdy due to lighter materials used , which is what some may dislike . 
  many vandwellers want to go smaller . 
  sometimes because it makes the van easier to service , sometimes before mileage , sometimes because smaller is cozier , some want to park in a garage , etcetera, 
  5 : stealth . 
  this is a big deal for some , as it means they wo n't be bothered for overnighting as much as rvers would . 
  100 bucks would probably be a huge lowball still . 
  it 's a beautiful oldtimer and does n't look like it would demand an extreme restoration like these rusted through vw buses people want thousands for . 
  i would honestly import it to europe if i had the time . 
  i guess fiberglass is something i underestimated i have experience with welding rust out with metal plates , but no idea how fiberglass would be repaired . 
  i do n't really know how much they sell in the us , in eu it would probably be a fortune . 
  it 's too much , at least to me . 
  people just think they are going to get back what they put into it , or even profit , and they are frankly always wrong .
