  maybe i only have a graphical issue ... 
  [  regrades an epic mooncaller and complains it did not work out ] ( http://youtu.be/t0wvjreujtk ), 
  anyways , go cry to trion support and they might be nice enough to give you that weapon back . 
  just don ` t regrade a fucking t4 weapon if it is celestial and above , especially if it is on epic , for fucks sake . 
  actually they have . 
  first link that i googled ( archeage regrade chances ) had them . 
  ohhhh . 
  my mistake for not catching that then . 
  sure , but even on celestial you only have a 20 % chance of success with red regrade charms . 
  one might want to gamble with a t1 if you can afford that kind of shit because you have nothing better to throw money at . 
  still , if he broke his epic because he wanted to quit and posted it here to piss people off , it does not make him any less of a cockface . 
  cast time reduction ? 
  does it really affect those skills ? 
  i meant channeled skills like crippling mire and such , and those have `` instant '' listed under cast time . 
  thanks !, 
  ah , yeah , i realised that `` channeled '' has a meaning in english that would encompass cast time skills too even though it is not used as such in game . 
  sorry , i ` m not a native english speaker :d, 
  oh , and naturally i stole it from here https://www.reddit.com/r/gifsound/comments/3hs3ag/when_i_play_smash/, 
  they removed the leech nerf from the other version . 
  trion what the fuck is this . 
  you do n't balance classes by leaving out the most dramatically overpowered ones so the people who play them for being op are n't butthurt . 
  @celestrata please explain this shit . 
  for fucks sake mildred , stop biting people, 
  oh , thank you very much . 
  i 'm the most interested in the passives . 
  ** archery is balanced . 
  if you ca n't use the mobility and evasion potential of archery , you 're a bad player , do n't blame the game . 
  nvm , evo servers releasing at 3:30 pm gmt, 
  fresh launch 4 pm . 
  suggestions ? 
  run while you can . 
  pvp is extremely gear-based , if you ` re into that part . 
  if you want an interesting pvp mmo , try darkfall : unholy wars, 
  not really . 
  find a clan , gain prowress , assign abilities . 
  meanwhile in archeage it 's grind grind grind buy grind grind grind regrade grind grind grind regrade etcetera . 
  well yeah , that is kind of the point of the game , considering they played runescape pvp which is pretty much the same , i thought they would like that ... 
  plus the population is so starved even new players can find a clan easily . 
  he stated in bold he was n't quitting , fucking learn to read . 
  well , that is true , unfortunately . 
  a big drawback of the game is no pk penalty, 
  sorry to necro , but does the set have a headpiece ? 
  i must have missed it somewhere ... 
  you know you can just stop being a pussy about an op class getting nerfed , spec shadowstep and attack from behind to completely avoid redoubt right ? 
  the gear race fueled by a ridiculous number of item grades ( namely 12 instead of the western mmo standard 5-6 ) is killing the potential this game truly has lying in various activities , especially the creativity with building your own class , which is what i came for . 
  that ` s the biggest beef i have with the game , and made most of my friends who tried the game leave , well , all of them actually ... 
  i believe the number of qualities should be halved , there is already enough rng involved during crafting to piss most people off . 
  damn right i would , if i could log into my fucking account . 
  hello !, 
  i ` d like to start the game with a friend who already plays an esper . 
  which class complements the esper best ? 
  shield is pretty much necessary for defense , as its core element is blocking , which is unavailable without a shield . 
  get any shield , it would do in the meantime . 
  hasla is a good choice for abolisher . 
  maybe there even is a lost garden shield . 
  oh god you 're a villain :d, 
  ephe stone you say ? 
  damn , that ` s pretty neat !, 
  is that so ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i said i didn \u00b4 t know if there was a lost garden shield , you twat . 
  besides , hasla is better than a lost garden shield of the same grade . 
  by the way , sorry for not flairing , but i can not seem to display the names of the flairs on my phone . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  so ark has some kind of a level system then ? 
  how does it affect the gameplay ? 
  i assume the servers are private as with minecraft , then ? 
  i usually prefer official servers , but i like the duality system between unofficial and official servers a lot . 
  so it is like a mmo then ? 
  if you want something like crowfall , try darkfall : unholy wars . 
  as far as i know , crowfall takes inspiration from the original darkfall and unholy wars is a sequel . 
  it 's not perfect , community is very aggressive , but it 's interesting . 
  no , and do n't tell me how to live my life . 
  good grief this again, 
  really ? 
  what a shame . 
  oh well , thanks for the reply !, 
  god 's whip is kinda overrated , it 's not as `` push button to win '' as people tend to think . 
  it 's still probably the best instant magic skill in game . 
  i did n't know that . 
  interesting, 
  left the game recently , i became pretty addicted to it . 
  unfortunately i have to agree with you ( save for the faction balance , west seems to be dominant on eu ) , however much i 'd prefer not to ... 
  i heard that . 
  from daum eu 's announcement , our version should be buy fo play with cosmetics only . 
  what do you mean besides grinding for gear ? 
  endgame is grinding for gear . 
  wait , which p2w mechanics got removed if apex still stands ? 
  what are you looking for ? 
  : an open world sandbox mmo preferably with a base building or developed housing system and a lot of character customisation . 
  to be more specific - i always wanted to lead a coven of necromancers in a mmo :p, 
  what games have you previously played ? 
  what is your playstyle ( casual,semi-casual , hardcore ) ? 
  : probably semi-casual nowadays . 
  i prefer social activities to gear grinding, 
  any preferred mechanics ? 
  : open ended class system , housing system , consensual pvp that takes longer than five seconds and focuses on action combat instead of a duel of stats , social focus, 
  anything specific you want to exclude ? 
  : cartoonish graphics .
