  that seems pretty tame tbh . 
  i do n't really understand how it was scary . 
  a lot of people say that , but doing research i have n't really found anything , except people generally saying they thought it was gross to eat birds that eat vomit and stuff . 
  honestly , i would be far more scared of pork because of pork tapeworm , if anything . 
  that kind of stuff eats your brain and leaves cysts in it . 
  terrifying . 
  one thing i know not to eat are armadillos because of leprosy , but even that i saw people eating , though i do n't reccomend it , naturally properly cooked ( and red in the middle in one case , and boom , two years later i heard the guy had leprosy ) . 
  which is probably what it 's about, 
  always cook properly to stay on the safe side . 
  same , was supposed to be over two meters and stuck at 185cm . 
  my 18 y/o brother on the other hand , who was supposed to be 170cm is now over half a head taller than me . 
  bones will always be the same size , big bones is a lie by fat people . 
  however , wheter you are male or female , your muscles usually develop the most in late adolescence ... a good way to get wider is to work out , but it 's best to stay early . 
  however , there is no real need for hating your slender figure . 
  many people , male or female , admire it . 
  can confirm . 
  growing up i stood out much more than i do now , and a lot of guys were constantly provoking a fight to prove themselves . 
  you are not even really that tall . 
  to me it seems that guys were simply trying to refuse you without saying you are an entitled , spoiled , upitty and annoying woman - but that 's something you definitely needed to hear . 
  mocking other women for something they can not affect ? 
  trying to shame men who date them ? 
  who the hell do you think you are ? 
  i 'm honestly the most disgusted i have been with a person this month . 
  fyi : more guys prefer taller women over shorter , as this reddit makes apparent . 
  you 're just a rotten apple . 
  what are you eating , i got ta take notes !, 
  do n't normalise it - this is not about mindset , this is about her being a spoiled spiteful womanchild, 
  jealous !, 
  yeah , it is expensive . 
  i was talking more about my trips to norway , where sea fishing is free if you obey the rules . 
  you definitely do . 
  the country is stunning . 
  you at the same time admit men face problems , and at the same time attempt to ridicule for even implying so, 
  hit your head ? 
  sorry if this is the kind of stuff you hear often , but are your joints stressed when jogging or anything ? 
  for 300 i 'd take it , if i was in america . 
  when you buy an rv this old you are gon na tear everything out , always . 
  now this is how you get beaters sold , haha . 
  t4s are cool but definitely not worth buying at this price , but that 's not the only thing that speaks against this van . 
  eurovans are way harder to service in the us . 
  the parts cost much more than american van parts , and since you might have to import them in europe and all eurovans have a good , but rare and for european van standards thirsty vr6 engine ... that alone would cost a fortune alongside the ridiculous price they are asking for it . 
  just get an ecoline , really . 
  if i could , i would import it over , any t4 . 
  according to what i have heard , unlike t4s and other unibody cars , they can be run to the ground , since you can weld the cab all you want without compromising much structural strength , just replace the frame if it goes bad . 
  thanks for bringing this to my attention !, 
  watch out for the white stuff . 
  anyways , not bad , especially since the windows dont look see through from the outside , though you will have to install some strong curtains though . 
  if you want to insulate it , you may want to learn how to rivet the windows shut in a way leaks wont develop . 
  you would n't believe how windy int gets in a tundra . 
  this is not such a bad idea as it might seem at the first glance . 
  i sure do . 
  is it custom made ? 
  i 'm not amercan , so i ca n't tell what 's common in the us , sorry :p but in europe we only have mobile homes that are on tall chassis , so it seems interesting to me . 
  i think this would be doable with a polonez . 
  ahh coool . 
  how tall are those ? 
  finally some use for that overpriced piece of garbage , hah . 
  seriously though , it 's only good for estimates , but still fun to design interiors since at least sims can navigate them decently unlike the previous games . 
  so is the `` queer '' part supposed to make the way they made their van somehow special ? 
  not to mention the work is pretty shabby , but i guess it was what they were aiming for since `` aesthetics '', 
  just why does my generation in particular have to be the most obnoxious one ... ? 
  i 'm twenty , i was just not raised as a spoiled american child who does n't feel special enough in adulthood . 
  who used `` spoiled and entitled '' in connection to the generation as a whole ? 
  no , i only mentioned the generation in the beginning , in the first post , unrelated to what i wrote later and you need to improve your reading comprehension . 
  yes , people who need to label themselves to feel important and demand 15 dollars hourly for menial labor while engineers work for five times less in eastern europe are certainly spoiled - hell , you are a living example of this , complaining about your pay which can not be matched by any foreigner in the same position in the world . 
  truly pathetic . 
  no , the rent really is n't that high in the us , in comparison . 
  your spending does n't even approach the spending/income ratio of eastern europeans . 
  you 're whining that in the age of globalising the market , americans are n't paid more and more , even thoug their minimum wages are incomparable . 
  do you think we 're born with a picket fence house falling into our laps ? 
  when people retire , they are happy if they can afford rent from their live savings and the meager support they get in exchange for paying very high taxes . 
  oh , and you can only retire on this support after 70 years of age . 
  you are painfully out of touch with reality , so much it hurts . 
  stop being a spoiled child and the world you live in might just seem brighter to you . 
  oh man , poor americans . 
  you can only get an apartment in the city for one fifth your wage . 
  how do i pity you . 
  you keep claiming about perspective and so , but you should really see how things are elsewhere and appreciate what you have now . 
  complaining only makes you more pathetic . 
  i do n't even need to insinuate you are a spoiled child now , as you keep proving me right with every sentence you post . 
  after all , you are complaining about living in a country with the highest standard of life on the planet . 
  best of this is you act with a superior tone and accuse me of a lack of perspective when you hardly ever were out of your city , let alone your country . 
  well pardon me if i do n't see a pay that eclipses v4 top surgeons as very little . 
  no , i refer to someone who is complaining they are not fed with a golden spoon with a silver one in their mouth as a spoiled child , and correctly so . 
  i 'm repeating the same things because no matter how much you would earn , you would still whine and act as opressed . 
  that is exactly what is wrong with modern young americans and what will hopefully destroy you soon enough . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you confirm every.single.thing . 
  that i said about you , but you are too blinded with your own envy and greed that you can not accept it , and prefer to think of yourself as poor and opressed . 
  like most modern americans you will probably find something to blame some `` higher ups '' as a reason you are not making much , rather than being a shitty sloth . 
  like that you 're not `` white '' , `` man '' or `` old '' , as if it is any justification for being useless , with homeless veterans filling america 's coldest streets . 
  yes . 
  that is exactly what i am talking about from the start , with lefty american millenials ( if you wan na bring politics in it ) like you being human trash . 
  my country went through communism and nazism , and we still complain less about the country we have to salvage , about the country where retirees almost starve . 
  i 'm looking for a co-op oriented mmo that if possible has a good farming and housing system without an endgame that is focused on constantly rnging for better gear , anybody has any ideas ? 
  preferrably western , fantasy , newer and with decent graphics , but that matters less . 
  crops , crops . 
  i like coming home to harvest/fertilise/plant stuff i 'll give life is feudal a shot , but was n't that game small scale ? 
  as for wurm online , i 'm already past that . 
  i 'll check it out but i 'd prefer something slightly fantasy . 
  life is feudal appears to be a medieval simulator of some breed .
