  skewer is nice but it has a bulky cast time and its damage comes out of magic damage , still , i should think about . 
  i should definitely think about mobility , liberation - though i do n't like status immunizing skills , i should think about too . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i see ... 
  i thought feral mark might help me work around low dmg i 'd have , but hopefully i can rely on falcon 's shortspear . 
  i do n't expect to do much in either respect , i mainly wan na amuse myself :p piercing shot seems like a general aggreement , so definitely gon na put it there . 
  i 'd like to put some int on my gear so i can deal with the mana . 
  if i remember correctly , int increases archery critical rate , i definitely should look into that . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  edit : is it just me or did you link me my build back ? 
  so , let 's sum the equipment we came up with, 
  meadow hood, 
  meadow shirt, 
  meadow gloves, 
  evanescent breeches, 
  auroria wildborn archery guards, 
  auroria wildborn archery belt, 
  auroria wildborn archery boots ( + movespeed enhancements ), 
  trinkets, 
  one of those honor necklaces, 
  meadow earring, 
  meadow earring, 
  ynys guardian ring ( only for solo and pvp ), 
  life ring, 
  weapons :, 
  falcon 's shortspear, 
  anticipation, 
  instrument :, 
  looks good or no ? 
  edit :, 
  i forgot the most important thing !, 
  what bow should i use ? 
  here 's the new build , too http://archeagedatabase.net/us/calc/388613, 
  that build does look way better than mine though . 
  thanks !, 
  guy just left his naked character in the austera hall . 
  why though, 
  well , occultism kinda grew on me since i saw it as one of the few viable defenses against gankers :d i don \u00b4 t really like cc train cheesing though ... 
  so tanks are usually battlerage + defense then ? 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  what did you mean by `` do n't to battlerage '' ? 
  ohhh, 
  there are 38 special handguns ? 
  or did you mean 38 super ? 
  english is n't my territory . 
  i do n't understand why i 'm being downvoted , did i miss some info or did i word something rudely ? 
  oh , well the main thing i was curious about is how university admission works . 
  what are students chosen by . 
  so there are no entrance exams or sorting by gpas then ? 
  that 's exactly what i wanted to know . 
  thank you !, 
  one last question though , if my gpas do n't pass the numerus clausus , can i fix that somehow or am i stuck ? 
  ah i see , thank you, 
  ohh , okay , that actually makes perfect sense , i ca n't believe i missed that ... 
  did n't think of cap but considering he did n't try to leave the room , i see how it could work ... 
  thanks, 
  well , better get vlr then ... 
  it 's a direct sequel right ? 
  thanks !, 
  everyone is saying `` get the sequel '' , guess i 'm gon na as soon as i 'm not so desperately low on cash :p . ace says something akin to `` what do you want from us '' , to which the voice in the speaker says `` i want you to participate in a game '' , that 's what i meant by ace 's question . 
  i kinda regret not getting an ending guide to play the endings in order now . 
  ahh i see ... 
  thanks . 
  i already have read it before , about the timeline huh ? 
  well , i kind of expect spoilers to pop up from time to time , it \u00b4 s the risk whenever a game someone has n't played is brought into the mix . 
  ~ ~ i still hate you samhiuy   ~ ~, 
  aww man ... 
  i might be going against the flow , but i like the new designs a lot more , especially the recent season 2 ones . 
  ah , if i was getting a new one , i suppose i would n't really be against a long barrel . 
  but being able to shoot outside ranges is new to me , that 's really nice . 
  aww man , that sucks , mine is a converted original with a bunch of history to it . 
  oh well , i guess i 'll give it to a friend . 
  it 's nice that semiautos are allowed though . 
  i come from europe though , so i suppose looser gun laws are nice . 
  if it 's just safety courses , that 's nice . 
  yeah , i do n't understand why importing a semiauto is not possible though . 
  thanks for the answers !, 
  how does it work in .223 remington ? 
  any jams , or does it run okay ? 
  that 's a lot , considering you can get a converted one here for about 400 bucks ... 
  still , hopefully i can make that someday :d, 
  no self defense , i see . 
  i have n't really heard of the security issues the scale we are having , so i suppose it does n't really matter . 
  thanks for the answers !, 
  i suppose the restricted categories are similiar to our b category , and we have to get licenses . 
  too bad about carry , but i suppose i wo n't need it if canada is as safe as they say . 
  thanks for the answers !, 
  great to hear , i have been itching to buy one in .223 but was n't sure if it would be reliable, 
  there are newly built semis available here as well , so trading in my current one and buying a newly built one should n't be an issue to import ? 
  should i watch out if they use unused replacement parts of military origins or would that not be an issue ? 
  five rounds ? 
  well , that really is n't much , but i guess it is n't much more than a slight annoyance at the range . 
  i do n't really understand why they would limit these pocket calibers of all firearms :d anyways , thanks for the post , it 's everything i needed to know, 
  oh yeah , one more question , does the magazine restriction apply to non-detachable magazine firearms , like the sks ? 
  thanks !, 
  so basically gun laws are always the same in the whole country ? 
  conversely , if i just get a new receiver and use the parts i can use , is it still a restricted firearm ? 
  ahh , i really wanted to know that , thanks !, 
  by the way , how is canada on migration , is it even harder or easier than us , by comparison ? 
  it 's not really an issue of restricted firearms , more like ones converted from fullautos ...
