  i dont need hyper details but i would like it to look `` realistic '' to a degree . 
  inflated gear system - there is nothing good about gear tiers being separated from gear grades like in archeage - throwing money at a sword does n't make it stronger , so preferably a gear system similiar to gw2 . 
  i do n't mind early access , but i 'd rather avoid alphas ( closed beta or more ), 
  thanks a lot in advance !, 
  sorry for the formatting , reddit mobile beta : t, 
  i agree completely . 
  i really hate theme parks that started with the success of wow . 
  it feels like somebody grabbing your hand and dragging you to a playground . 
  mmos should be virtual worlds where players write their own story . 
  there are few sandboxes being developed , though pretty much the only medieval fantasy sandboxes ( by medieval i basically mean not eve ) are in very early development . 
  i like a couple projects though , but i like a project called chronicles of elyria the most . 
  it 's very early to say , but up until now the developers have been developing it from their resources ( caspian sold his land to fund development ) . 
  it has a lot of innovative system and is made by an experienced team . 
  so check it out . 
  is that so ? 
  i always thought assassin was more reliant on debuffing and damaging over time than outright bursting . 
  i mean , nowhere in lore you have assassins who prefer strenght over agility . 
  i never played everquest , but i suppose it might be the influence . 
  i basically aggree with the definition here , http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/fantasycharacterclasses , and it makes me kinda disappointed assassins are the way they are today - not really a cripple - reliant mobility melee classes , but rather strenght based attackers . 
  that would be the assassin as most people seem to know it today . 
  unfortunately i see classes like this in mmos more and more , either decisively overpowered or underpowered , but never between . 
  yes , exactly . 
  that was how the assassins i remember worked and how they should be , imo, 
  actually no , i hate overpowered stealth attacks . 
  an assassin should only be able to deliver a strong blow after he cripples the opponent , throwing shuriken , a hex , whatever . 
  otherwise it will always end as you say . 
  `` the assassin : a more offensive-rogue , who sacrifices technical expertise for better stealth and killing abilities . 
  often have a variety of weakening and poisoning abilities and are able to cripple a foe to leave him open for allies or to let him die from damage over time . '', 
  that is one source , anyway , not sure what tvtropes base it off . 
  read more : http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/fantasycharacterclasses#ixzz3pd8n8dec, 
  i guess it 's all about terminology and translation in case of asian mmos then, 
  `` for years , ronald occupied a bench outside the home , providing a comforting welcome to children and their families who need to be close to the university of vermont medical center for vital care . '', 
  how the hell is ronald mcdonald comforting ? 
  i have a question !, 
  will there be wind implemented ? 
  as in boosting or slowing down your ship in a certain direction . 
  and will there be sails to use such mechanic if it is implemented ? 
  is there any sort of a private server for smti ? 
  i miss it so much i still cry into my pillow every night ... 
  mojyos are the best . 
  project gorgon also looks very nice if it ever gets released . 
  i 'd say i find both interesting . 
  by tangible i meant , like , with a clear goal , so software too ... 
  i do realise that , and i can overcome it , i think . 
  still , i have heard that for example software engineering is more focus and teamwork heavy than , let 's say , electrical engineering , is that true ? 
  what about interdisciplinary stuff , like mechatronics ? 
  is that a good degree ? 
  thanks !, 
  definitely looks like what i was looking for . 
  i do n't really mind computers , in fact i like them very much , but i often hear how software engineers hate their jobs, 
  anyways , are mechatronics and other interdisciplinary majots useful degrees , or are they hard to find a job with ? 
  ah , i have been wondering about it , but the recent influx of students to cs left me wondering if it 's not going to become hard to get a decent job with it when i finish studying, 
  i see ... what would be for me then ? 
  ah , really ? 
  i was worried about that . 
  i guess since i have interests all across the field , i might as well get into mechatronics or cybernetics then . 
  maybe even nano . 
  well i didnt say stressful is bad , every job will be stressful . 
  just a job where i could work alone and not succumb to imposter syndrome or something like that . 
  ahh i see . 
  so nanoengineering is n't as practical ? 
  i guess i 'd better start working on my communication skills then . 
  i see , but my point is that i would prefer if i could limit it to a minimum and instead focus on what i am good at . 
  i do n't accept it , but i would prefer a field where those characteristics would n't stick out as much . 
  is this real ? 
  if it is i guess i 'll go shoot myself in the head to keep up with school . 
  i wan na know what was their reason for nerfing insidious whisper . 
  i mean come on , nobody even uses it as is . 
  or pin down and wallop shaken combo making darkrunners more cheese . 
  come on , what is this for ? 
  i love that project !, 
  i 'm wondering if the steam release is ever coming though . 
  i still miss the game too : t, 
  do n't play sota . 
  the community is fucking awful 40 + nerds who go on about how gamergate is bad all day long . 
  and remember tabula rasa . 
  no , it \u00b4 s more of a themepark . 
  i \u00b4 m not sure what the person meant when saying it 's sandbox . 
  maybe it 's semi-open class system . 
  fucking brilliant, 
  i 'd say it 's true . 
  i 'm turning 19 in two weeks , been playing mmos of some form and shape since metin 2 launched , and i recall it was wildly popular at my school . 
  i kind of took refuge there , and took a liking to mmorpgs , since i was n't all that much of a social butterfly but finding people to play with online was fun to me . 
  however nowadays , i hardly ever see very young mmo gamers , usually the youngest i met were in aaa titles like gw2 and archeage , but they were still around at least 14 , so not much younger than i was . 
  i think it 's a genre younger audiences get bored quickly of , with the arrival of swift mobas and such in contrast to grindy/time consuming/slow paced mmos . 
  change the gear race to something that does n't shit on the game . 
  welp . 
  like that would ever happen . 
  what do you expect , it 's russians . 
  richard garrett should have been sued . 
  he 's more scammer than a developer nowadays . 
  i fucking love that game . 
  i hope it turns into a full blown mmo, 
  how is that game ? 
  thanks !, 
  finished playtesting worlds adrift , trying to get over my archeage addiction now . 
  partially , yes . 
  it does n't seem to have what a lot of other games do n't have yet , the pvp is notably similiar to that of gw2 to me with more classes , something that gw2 can catch up to with its traits system . 
  on the other hand , people are really hungry for every mmo that promises something different nowadays . 
  i know i am like that , at least .
