  you act like foreigners having intimate relationships with malay girls are some global crisis when it 's really young dumb people clubbing and having sex with whoever they find interesting . 
  are you really that insecure in your ability to get laid you have to blame it on white tourists ( of which you are one , by the way , even if you keep denying it ) . 
  both my parents are . 
  here , [ i 'll save you three seconds googling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_people_in_the_czech_republic ) . 
  you sound like a bitter incel , if i am to look for a reason for your behavior . 
  maybe work on that instead of blaming your problems on another race ( well , not really another race , your race that you pretend not to be a part of ) . 
  additionally it 's downright amusing how you draw the line between `` white female/asian male '' couples which you draw as good , and the reverse being bad . 
  it really points out how much of a bitter incel you are , projecting not being able to get down on being < one fucking fourth  asian , and saying you are n't interested in asian women ( in other words you really are just jealous of people who are `` all white '' because you see them as the `` chads '' or something . 
  amusing , seriously . 
  hello !, 
  i was trying to get a good offhand for my blitz daggerspell , though i can not afford the advanced obsidian daggers just yet . 
  my guildmaster has reccomended me a dagger called `` faust ` s destiny '' , which is supposed to be one of the few intelligence-boosting daggers . 
  he claims it was a random drop , though he can not pinpoint where he got it . 
  has anybody got any idea where or what to farm for this dagger ? 
  the other day i saw a person with full cloth armor buff wearing a shabby pirate jerkin . 
  i was told that this was done through applying its image to a costume . 
  is this possible to do this at all ? 
  is it possible to do with any image item ? 
  and can you apply multiple image items onto a single costume ( for example a shirt and a hood ) . 
  so i am planning to switch from daggerspell to spellsinger , mainly due to the fact that despite daggerspell is undeniably one of the stronger classes , i dont really like its playstyle . 
  i have been using a t2 obsidian katana thus far , having it regraded , hitting the max temper and putting some t2 matk lunagems and lunafrosts into it . 
  i really like that weapon and probably wouldn ` t like to let it go . 
  however , with loosing much of my cc , i have been wondering if it would not be worth it to forfeit the bonuses of dual wielding the katana and fausts destiny and instead wear a shield , as my guildmaster suggested , to let me take at least a hit more . 
  tl ; dr , im torn between faust ` s destiny and a shield for spellsinger offhand - can i have your opinions ? 
  edit : tl ; dr mana stars effect fetter does not work as intended - it does not stack . 
  read the post before getting mad , people . 
  i understand the skill was nerfed in cbt4 because having a kiteable distress-inducing skill is a bit too strong . 
  but to this day , aside from the completely weak damage , it has a completely useless effect . 
  the saddest part is that it would actually be at least semi-useful if the effect stacked as the apparently poorly translated description claims . 
  but eh , it does n't , and nobody even tried to fix that . 
  trion please . 
  there was a new auroria songcraft set mentioned in the 2.0 patchnotes , but no one mentioned what kind of stats it has . 
  patch notes for 2.0 said `` added a 2h club and cloth armor for healer in serpentis . 
  it 's real . '', 
  but i still have n't seen either ingame . 
  could anybody who perchance got those share the stats and effects ? 
  i have a history with sandbox games , i was introduced to an early gmod when my age was in a single digit , and loved the genre since . 
  i also have the affinity for mmos , the option to observe the living world , see hundreds of other players like me , cooperate and ocassionally compete against them . 
  i have been playing archeage since beta until very recently , but the gear system sucked the enjoyment out of me . 
  i wanted a game which would not make me bound to fighting through numbers , but where i could admire the sunset , watch other players in the valley , and that kind of romantic crap . 
  i came across ark , which , despite my distrust for early access games seems to be very popular and developing fast . 
  i am not yet familiar with its server system . 
  ( is the game singleplayer with online multiplayer , are there official servers , or is it like a network of private servers , like dayz ? ), 
  however it got me really interested , seeing as you can tame dinosaurs in the open world , seems to have nice looking visuals ( at least judging by the trailer , if that is actual gameplay footage ) . 
  i have been thinking of buying it , but considering the game is still early access , how is it , and does it bring the same kind of enjoyment as cooperation and fighting in mmos do ? 
  tl ; dr : is the game worth it at this stage of development , and do i get the same impression of a beautiful , creative world where i can build a house , farm , cooperate and fight with other players i get from mmos ? 
  is the population sufficient ? 
  is ark an mmo sandbox ? 
  i have a history with sandbox games , i was introduced to an early gmod when my age was in a single digit , and loved the genre since . 
  i also have the affinity for mmos , the option to observe the living world , see hundreds of other players like me , cooperate and ocassionally compete against them . 
  i have been playing archeage since beta until very recently , but the gear system sucked the enjoyment out of me . 
  i wanted a game which would not make me bound to fighting through numbers , but where i could admire the sunset , watch other players in the valley , and that kind of romantic crap . 
  i came across ark , which , despite my distrust for early access games seems to be very popular and developing fast . 
  i am not yet familiar with its server system . 
  ( is the game singleplayer with online multiplayer , are there official servers , or is it like a network of private servers , like dayz ? ), 
  however it got me really interested , seeing as you can tame dinosaurs in the open world , seems to have nice looking visuals ( at least judging by the trailer , if that is actual gameplay footage ) . 
  i have been thinking of buying it , but considering the game is still early access , how is it , and does it bring the same kind of enjoyment as cooperation and fighting in mmos do ? 
  tl ; dr : is the game worth it at this stage of development , and do i get the same impression of a beautiful , creative world where i can build a house , farm , cooperate and fight with other players i get from mmos ? 
  is the population sufficient ? 
  is ark an mmo sandbox ? 
  i know healing in general increase aggro , but do the lost garden buffs count ? 
  disclaimer : this is more of an opinion post than a raging casual post . 
  please treat it as such and put the pitchforks down ; - ; . 
  i just want to see if i am the only one who thinks this, 
  so for those who missed it , black desert launched a teaser site and announced full launch in early 2016 . 
  it seems they westernise the game thoroughly , as they reportedly changed the character progression system , payment system etcetera . 
  this makes me a little worried for archeage . 
  why ? 
  because black desert , despite having a different skill system and lacking a few major features archeage has ( open world housing , gliders ) is a good game . 
  thus far , archeage has been a very popular game , because there were simply no good alternatives . 
  it 's a great looking game with an open world and naval combat , the things that seem to draw the most players to aa . 
  and those shared features are where black desert will soon outrun archeage . 
  yes , there are unique features black desert does not have . 
  for example , the skill system . 
  this particular feature , though , is unfortunately completely overshadowed by the gear race the game forces you into - 12 gear grades ontop of gear stages simply gives too big of an advantage to people who deal with apex , as it pretty much impossible to even get near what one could call an endgame by yourself in a reasonable time ( i 'm speaking about less than several years of hardcore play ) , causing many people to call the game p2w - even if it does n't fit the term in a typical sense , it 's rather clear it was designed as such . . well geared players will simply always defeat you , and insult to injury is how the combat actually looks - a hotchpotch tab target zerg of cc and crits that will drain 60 % of your health in a single second . 
  a system i personally do n't enjoy even if i win as there is zero room for strategy , but rather a stupid duel of stats . 
  black desert has a very interesting action combat , at least . 
  especially for classes like kunoichi , you actually need to master the combos and react accordingly depending on the enemy you are figthing . 
  long story short , i think archeage must at the very least significantly revamp the gear and pvp systems and pay more attention to the skill system - that being the one major thing that makes it different from its upcoming competition , if it is to have a healthy run . 
  what do you think ? 
  so i have been noticing something . 
  assassin is becoming more and more popular class , but it somehow seems to be very different than what i remember . 
  assassin class , for me was a thief with damage over time , cc abilities . 
  in short , it was a class that was stealthing around the battlefield , weakened their enemies and then attacked to finish the enemy off , while being able to recover and get away from the scene quickly , and was a bit unpopular . 
  nowadays , however what i see referred to as `` assassin '' the most is basically a berserker with stealth abilities and backstab bonuses . 
  for example , in archeage where the system is freeform , i notice it the most - darkrunner , usually referred to as an assassin class by players is somewhat widely said to be overpowered and one of the easiest and overused classes , revolves around cheesing the enemy with a lightning quick combo . 
  i am not sure when the change occured . 
  maybe it was with skyrim , undoubtedly an influential game , where stealth tactics offered ridiculous damage bonuses ( 32x with a dagger and some special gloves i believe ? 
  ) , making it likely the easiest playstyle . 
  so what do you think ? 
  has the assassin degraded ? 
  am i wrong and has it always been this way ? 
  what does an assassin class mean to you ? 
  hello !, 
  so i 'm in my last year of high school , graduating in spring , and i will have to choose my specialisation right off the bat , unfortunately , due to the way our college system is . 
  i live in prague , czech republic , so the obvious choice seems cvut in prague or vul liberec . 
  i know i want to do engineering . 
  i have always liked solving practical problems , i would like a job that is high in demand , does not revolve around dealing with people , is highly practical in nature and would make me able to work on something tangible . 
  preferrably , i would also like it not to be - extremely - stressful or concentration heavy , and well paid ( in that order ) , since i have high functioning autism and add , which i unfortunately have to take into consideration ... 
  now what i do n't know which route to take , and like i said , i have to decide early .
