  i have ambitions to go abroad , i prefer colder climates , and i do n't have a preference towards any area of engineering and am considering all of them , from software to aerospace . 
  i live in czech republic , so i would probably wish to build my career in europe or asian countries . 
  thanks in advance for any answers !, 
  [ removed ], 
  i havent heard of any 3d virtual world of second life caliber for a long time since blue mars ( 2009 ) , and i am not sure if they ever left beta phase . 
  was the genre replaced completely by mmorpgs ? 
  i have to say , i really miss the creation options and physics these games supported . 
  am i the only one ? 
  hi , i 'm probably going to return to archeage , at least for a little while , and would like to start an oracle build , as an off healer/designated marksman archer :p . i stitched together a build that would hopefully fit my playstyle , probably going to spend most of the time in open world and dungeons , here it is : http://archeagedatabase.net/us/calc/388364/ and i 'm open to advice on it . 
  however what i am unsure about is the gear . 
  i understand that falcon 's shortspear line is the best weapon for this kind of build , but i do n't know wheter to keep my shield or trade it for an obsi dagger . 
  then there is the greatclub , if the little damage penetration it offers matters , but i 'm not much of a ganker , so i dunno . 
  would you guys be willing to help me on this one ? 
  i 'm a level 55 character with pretty much all skill trees at or close to 55 . 
  i just started playing after a long , long hiatus , and i have been trying to build a tank , an attacker and a healer . 
  however i realised i know precisely nothing about any of these roles . 
  i came up with ... something i will try to rationalise , but i will probably need your help with either approving or coming up with something better . 
  i like to play classes less known for strategy reasons , but anything is fine . 
  what i came up with :, 
  - i thought songcraft would be useful for a tank , as i could take the agrro and buff at the same time . 
  is that possible/good idea ? 
  occultism i added because it has bonuses activating through taking damage , and therefore would be useful for a role whose main purpose is to be a damage sponge . 
  also crows and other aoe which could help me draw aggro when i 'm not drawing it through ode to recovery and defense taunts . 
  edgewalker-healer - http://archeagedatabase.net/us/calc/389273, 
  i wanted to use a meadow set to mitigate the mana issues healers appear to suffer , and the evasion seemed neat for a healer , too . 
  so since i already have a boosted magic attack and can switch weapons via programmable mause , i thought i could put it to use , especially with edgewalker 's aoe impale combo . 
  is that viable ? 
  bloodreaver-dps - http://archeagedatabase.net/us/calc/389173, 
  auramancy and battlerage is self explanatory , occultism for cc and death \u00b4 s vengeance . 
  i hope i managed to write my thoughts down coherently . 
  thanks to anyone who bothers decoding it :p, 
  tl ; dr : the main thing i was curious about is how university admission works . 
  what are students chosen by ? 
  i 'm a high school student from czech republic who will be taking the maturita exam soon , which as far as i have been told is exactly the same as abitur . 
  i would like to study german at the goethe institute and then enroll at either tu chemnitz or universit\u00e4t leipzig in 2017 . 
  i have read the information in the `` studying in germany '' panel , but i have n't been able to find the information i have been seeking there ... 
  the first question i unfortunatelly can not find any answer for is about entrance exams . 
  it 's difficult for me to understand , but from what i have read , students with an abitur or equivalent do not need to take an entrance exam ? 
  how do universities pick from students then ? 
  are my gymnasium grades the criteria ? 
  do i need to choose related subjects on my abitur to be let into the university , say mathematics and physics to study mechatronics ? 
  second question , more of a post scriptum , i have been trying to make my mind wheter to follow my father 's footsteps and enroll on a medical school , or become an engineer . 
  which one does germany need more at the moment , and which one would seem as a better life choice ? 
  thank you for reading this . 
  [ caution : spoilers for just about everything follow ] ( #s `` i just finished true ending after finishing safe on my first playthrough , and i have questions i am dying to know the answers for ... 
  first is if june was zero , it does make sense to me that she gets those fevers and eventually disappears in the safe ending . 
  it was the opposite path to the true ending , or the ending she needed . 
  so as to why she even existed , i just assume she was never incinerated , and to keep it that way had to put the nonary game in motion . 
  but i still dont understand how the hell did she manage to tell junpei it was game over over the speaker , while lying in junpei 's arms ? 
  she also answered ace 's question over the speaker at the very beginning . 
  also how did she disappear from the incinerator in the true ending ? 
  unless i remember it wrong ( i finished playing it around 3 am ) , she went before everybody else - does this access have anything to do with her identity as zero ? 
  was akane the one transmitting the knowledge of the safe ending to junpei ? 
  well it looks like i actually answered most of my questions during typing them out , so just tell me if i 'm getting this right ... 
  but a couple last things that really interest me , was she just manipulating the guy she once loved dearly the whole game ? 
  and if she did , why the touching scene past the credits ? 
  i am also confused by the safe ending - at the same time , she seems to confess to him and regret not saving herself , speaking both in person and over the speaker ... that really puzzles me, 
  finally - are the rest of the endings worth playing now thst i finished both safe and true ? 
  and do some of my questions get answered in the sequel ? 
  sorry if my post makes no sense . 
  i finished the game an hour ago , so it 's close to morning ... 
  thanks for reading/answering this if you do , though, 
  i got ta go to bed and come back to this with a clear mind ... 
  wait , who put snake in the coffin and why did they give him that robe '' ), 
  i am a guy from czech republic , just before college . 
  i have been contemplating living in canada , as i found during my exchange time in norway that i quite like the northern climate and the solitude these regions allow , as opposed to the rather crowded , melancholic bohemia . 
  now while i plan to ask if immigration is even possible and which work fields are in demand , i 'm not really here to harass people here with it :d i 'd like to ask about gun laws . 
  rifle shooting has been a large part of my life , and i would probably not like to give it up , so i would like to inform myself early . 
  so to get to the point :, 
  do you see canadian gun laws as strict or leniant ? 
  is there any sort of a gun registration , license or something in place ? 
  3 . are the gun laws comparable to the us ? 
  what are the limitations on which firearms you can own , are there any on selfloading rifles in particular ? 
  namely i love my vz 58 , which has been converted by the seller to semiauto and is registered here as such - are you allowed to own self loading rifles of that type , and is it possible to import one you own in another country ? 
  what about the self defense and carry ? 
  sorry for the wall of text , i hope this is n't breaking any rules . 
  thanks for any answers !, 
  edit : i plan to go to college here before i emmigrate , sorry for not making that clear, 
  i 'm a guy from the czech republic currently just before college , and i have always wanted to move somewhere into north north america . 
  i have not completely decided which area of stem i would study + i come from a family of doctors but i 'm thinking engineering ( even though i am not completely decided on the field - is there a ranked list of preferred immigrant occupations ? ) . 
  i have no real preference for one over the other - as a sports shooter i like alaskan laws , but canadian healthcare seems more manageable , and if i 'm not wrong , canadians seem to tolerate immigrants better . 
  anyways , to get to the point , i have looked through the work based immigration , and it seems that if i would move after college i would be supposed to apply for eb-2 / 3 ( although i hear people start their journey to immigration via h-1b , how does that even work ? ), 
  and the skilled worker program in canada . 
  what are the differences between those ? 
  does canada require the employer to prove that no canadian would have taken the job , like us does ? 
  does canada have immigrant quotas like us ? 
  how long does the processing time usually take for each program ? 
  what are the differences in the naturalisation process ? 
  what are the requirements for citizenship via military service ( not the preferred method , but best to plan ahead , and i am not opposed to it ) ? 
  how are each country 's population 's opinions on eastern european immigrants ? 
  i keep hearing canada is a better country for secondary education workers , but it just seems same to the us legal wise to me - am i missing something ? 
  anything other i should know about each country and their immigration principles ? 
  sorry for the wall of text , but i will be grateful for any answers :d, 
  greetings ,, 
  i was browsing the www.immigration.ca website , and there 's the 347 jobs list for university graduates eligible for express entry ( http://www.immigration.ca/en/fast-track-high-demand-occupations.html ) , but also a much shorter list of `` priority immigration occupations '' which leads to a list of eleven occupation filed under something named `` canada priority residence program ( cprp ) '' . 
  can somebody help me understand what it is ? 
  how does it differ from the express entry program ? 
  thanks in advance for any answers, 
  how do the languages in the staff system work ? 
  are people unable to communicate within a team unless they speak english ?
