screw aramos , i want to know who the hell decided to name their character `` straponbunny '', 
  the fact that there are still people like you in the community makes me really happy . 
  i fucking love you . 
  i couldnt download this via vpn . 
  gon na seed as much as i can . 
  you need it to access the website and download the client from there . 
  is this what archeage boiled down to ? 
  what makes you so sure these guys are bots ? 
  seems to me you ` re just trying to get someone banned . 
  oh , thanks ... yeah , i would buy it off the auction house , but since i happen to play on nebe and server transfers are unavailable , i couldn ` t find any on our mostly empty auction cluster ... 
  thanks for the info !, 
  if you ` re patient , the only cash you are likely to pay is patron . 
  but there are cash items called `` regrade charms '' that you will likely pay money for if you want to have better chances on regrading your gear ( though the chances are still pretty bad ) . 
  regrading is probably the no . 
  1 cause of the steam reviews . 
  even if you go the p2w regrade course , the system is still likely to fuck you up royally . 
  yar har fiddle dee , do whatcha want cuz a pirate ` s free , yar har fiddle dee , now no-boody likes ya ~, 
  http://i.imgur.com/q1pagno.jpg note to self : human cannons are n't designed for firrans . 
  agreed , pretty well made !, 
  i suppose as a daggerspell i should be really angry for these nerfs , but i am actually kind of glad . 
  darkrunners unfortunately got buffed ... again able but i am glad about the changes to stalkers mark . 
  gods whip is unfortunate but the cast time reduction from that buff really appeals to me . 
  fiends knell may finally be able to take some aggro off me in dungeons ... courageous action is unfortunate , but not classbreaking ... now i am sort of worried about fighting abolishers too though . 
  they never seemed weak to me and they ` re getting a huge buff . 
  pretty much everyone did , especially plate wearers , though battlerage cc x cloth is n't much different . 
  it seems other defense oriented classes will be a lot less kiteable for archers . 
  all in all i think the whole point of those nerfs is to make the game less zerging oriented , though nobody can expect it to lead to ultimate balance . 
  you can not expect to be powerful against everyone . 
  plate has strong defense , but is weak against casters . 
  but no way is meelee itself weak against casters . 
  i mean , have you ever seen a darkrunner fight a mage ? 
  i think shadowplay got more synergy for mages and became less op for meelee . 
  that ` s what balancing a game is about . 
  the damage is bought out by immobility while casting , not like it was much higher than meelee on average to begin with . 
  unless you walk around naked no mage will kill you with a two skill combo . 
  and even then , you would have to be distinctively low-level . 
  not exactly . 
  it still has cast times , at least between hits , and considerable ones . 
  one of the reasons daggerspells use obsidian katanas now . 
  yes , that is the point of being a meelee wearing plate . 
  you are only weak against magic damage . 
  stop whining , you cant have everyones chocolates in this game . 
  yay . 
  darkrunners are even more op now that most of their counters are nerfed ... 
  yes , if you can kite . 
  being able to quickly attack from distance whilst moving is the archer ` s advantage , if you prefer ranged heavy hitting pick a mage . 
  i love watching naked pirates get rekt on porting on sungold . 
  it ` s one of my favorite archeage pasttimes . 
  they all do and it ` s pissing me off : t, 
  is your name moisture ? 
  cry . 
  cast speed reduction ? 
  man i would `` ve wanted that , but we `` re on different servers :d, 
  really ? 
  wow , that sucks . 
  well i do have skins on my armor , i know how that works . 
  my skins don ` t get lost when i switch , that sounds weird . 
  but i swear i heard somebody saying putting skins on costumes was possible . 
  i know that . 
  by the way , you can fuse any armor save for sash and sleeves i believe . 
  however , i was asking about fusing items onto costumes . 
  ahhh great . 
  thank you  . 
  and yes , i admit i ` m not a native engish speaker . 
  thanks , but what i actually meant was costumes for costume slots, 
  yes , that 's what i was asking about . 
  thanks !, 
  ah , thanks for the swift answers guys . 
  so it `` s not exactly clear then ? 
  i guess i `` ll just switch to impenetrable shield i got dropped instead of working on some obsidian stuff . 
  i am working with cloth gear at the moment to stay true to a dps role , though that might change soon . 
  thanks for the idea . 
  that 's the kinda opinion i wanted to hear . 
  thanks !, 
  did you try to restart ? 
  i recall having the same issue in harani campaign but i think it perished after i restarted the game ... 
  ah , glad to be of help then , 
  hello celestrata , are you the manager for na only , or can i bug you over eu 's stuff too ? 
  this new one is sassy . 
  i like her . 
  you can drop the act , we all know it 's devilian : t, 
  yes if they die on nuia or haranya , no if they die on auroria or ocean . 
  templar is definitely your best bet . 
  it 's a mixed tank/healer caster , leaning more towards the tank . 
  it 's only really lacking in the dps department versus the cookie cutter dps classes . 
  i think so ? 
  i mean it sounds ridiculous but i killed a wanted nuian in hasla once and he went to court . 
  oh how he loved me the next time we met . 
  i love this . 
  lol nebe, 
  if the connection between the name of a server and the topic 's title is too much of an intellectual feat for you to perform , i was indicating the server , that being nebe , does fit the op 's criteria , lowest population among the eu servers , comically well . 
  if it 's still too difficult for you to understand , tell me . 
  i will try to draw you a picture or something , bub . 
  guild name : < bratrstvo , 
  server & continent : nebe - haranya, 
  contact : whisper orio ingame, 
  description of guild : czechoslovak oriented guild focused on the growth of its members and influence of our mighty conjoined nations serverwide . 
  all hail orio !, 
  something me and my friends came up with . 
  since the disease that is `` yo momma '' and the like in private chats has came to spread from cod fanboys to our favorite worlds , time has come for us to raise awareness .
