  so rise !, 
  rise , my brothers and post your endeavors with preschool boys who have booted the wrong game . 
  rise for the sake of mmo gamers master race . 
  i was curious wheter other servers have to deal with this too . 
  you guys are way too pacific . 
  you should visit / r/pitchforkemporium . 
  i 'll give you a 20 % off coupon . 
  i might have forgot to mention he had been ranting in faction chat for exactly 43 minutes before his snack break ( yelling at me to die of cancer and such ) , then whispered some shit and logged off before he could be reported for spam . 
  hey , i could mute him , but i just want to make the world a better place !, 
  edit : oh , he also offered 50g to who tells him the location of my farm . 
  and when i told him i live in vilanelle , he ignored me . 
  what a ripoff : t, 
  lol , i like the cold shower joke though :d, 
  it does n't seem like that much of an issue to me if i use a comic with certain manga inspired aspects to describe an aspect of the game . 
  i think it fits archeage too ... http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/132/thatsthejoke.jpg, 
  i like it a lot . 
  it has its flaws , in particular the tropes most korean mmos have ( grind grind grind , gear race ) , but it has a unique skillset combination system i fell in love with . 
  i do n't know either , i 'm afraid . 
  friend linked it to me via photobucket but i have no idea where it originated . 
  edit : everything points out to it being cut from some kind of a fan doujin , but i 'd ... really rather not search in those ... 
  the artist calls it a sketch , geez . 
  you can throw a dictionary at their face if it is such a big deal . 
  leet username fail, 
  this could be out of manhwa for all i know . 
  touhou fanbase is a large one . 
  considering what i 've seen over reddit , `` punctured shower curtain '' makes me proud of my / r/archeage homeboys . 
  edit : welp , we just crossed the 3 and 3a lines . 
  yeah , occultism is somewhat underwhelming . 
  especially among the current metagame . 
  but i find it fun to play . 
  and i play games to have fun . 
  cory in the house, 
  whoa . 
  peru 's feisty . 
  too bad . 
  those tend to be really annoying ... 
  not good komrade !, 
  beautiful . 
  lol , when did this turn into a circlejerk ? 
  i 'm uncomfortable ... 
  ] ( http://orig07.deviantart.net/cb94/f/2011/246/3/6/profile_picture_by_dinkleberg_plz-d48rku6.jpg ), 
  it 's evolving !, 
  i am genuinely pissed that the new glider is only acessible via rng boxes or shitload of loyalty . 
  fuck it trion , have you learned nothing ? 
  even a flat overpriced cash shop item would be more welcome . 
  [ this thread on the official forums is precisely what i am talking about ... 
  ignored for months ] ( http://forums.archeagegame.com/showthread.php?38751-occultism-s-mana-stars-not-stacking ), 
  you 're missing the point . 
  i do n't care about the damage being weak , i 'm talking about a skill that , according to the description , does not work as it should and has been ignored for almost a year . 
  occultism is an offensive skilltree , and its only reliable method of 1v1 dmg is broken . 
  at least read the whole post before you get butthurt . 
  i never said it was trion incompetence , but the least they could do would be to shove it into xlgames 's face . 
  i 'd be completely okay if they gave us something similiar to health leeching antithesis instead of mana stars , at least antithesis is usable . 
  i know how antithesis works . 
  and it 's a better dmg skill than mana stars . 
  you have better means to do damage as a templar than as a skullknight . 
  which is rather ridiculous . 
  triple slash is a meelee skill doing 250 % the damage of mana stars , how can you even compare ? 
  also , resurgence works as intended, 
  when a main dd skill of a damage tree is broken , that 's bit of an issue . 
  because shadowplay is oh so underpowered . 
  i have shadowplay on 55 , i know what i am talking about . 
  it works as intended now , and it will be buffed . 
  stop sobbing in other threads . 
  i 'll just copy this everywhere since people do n't seem to bother reading my post : all i care about is fetter not stacking as it should . 
  i 'll just copy this everywhere since people do n't seem to bother reading my post : all i care about is fetter not stacking as it should . 
  rather ironic considering you managed to write an essay about why occultism is okay even if you didnt read what i wrote . 
  occultism is a dmgxcontrol hybrid tree , and its main attack does is bugged and does not do the control part as it should according to the description, 
  then i propose the description to be changed `` effect does not stack , it really is just plain useless '' . 
  there . 
  are you seriously complaining about the single most overused skill tree ingame being underpowered ? 
  how is this relevant to the point that the effect of a completely different skill not working as intended ? 
  i did n't notice any sort of a damage increase when i tested it , though i may have been wrong . 
  what i know for sure is that the debuff does not visually stack under the health buff unlike all other skills . 
  about the calculation of pvp damage , yes , that is a real problem as it makes occultism useless in pvp save for the passives . 
  attack speed does . 
  be aware , however , that attack speed has dimnishing returns . 
  so i need rank 20 in arena to report a bug ? 
  you sound utterly ridiculous . 
  i put up a tl ; dr for people whose attention spans do n't last for more than two sentences . 
  please go read that . 
  seems that way , but if they just removed the stacking and did nothing else , it 's a pretty damn lazy `` fix '' . 
  if you could read , you would know the thread was ignored for almost a year over there . 
  so basically `` bump it , but do n't bump it '' ? 
  not only you can not read , but putting a meaningful sentence together is a problem as well . 
  you intended to sound stupid ? 
  was i the one who started to whine on a bug reporting thread , without bothering to read it ? 
  i 'm not offended , i 'm annoyed by how arrogant you are . 
  oh great , another ignorant . 
  how many times must i tell you ? 
  all i care about is fetter not working as intended - by definition a bug . 
  shit i even wrote people like you a tl ; dr , come on !, 
  ah , thanks a lot for the post ... 
  but if it actually does internally stack the debuff , which i have been unable to prove , why does n't the debuff stack in the info bar as well ... ? 
  fetter disables similiar debuffs , even if it may not fully work , so that is n't a threat . 
  yes , but that is exactly my point . 
  it was n't stacking . 
  not sure if it only broke again recently , but that x < number  that indicates stacking does not appear . 
  edit : oooh !, 
  i see what you mean ... how recent is that image ?
