  ahh , i see , thanks i meant more like work visas after i finish college , or at least a bachelor 's degree here . 
  really ? 
  huh , strange ... 
  so if i declared my semiauto as factory made , sice it has new semiauto parts , you think that would be okay ? 
  ps : they rarely make new ones for sale here , as people buy converted surplus instead . 
  i see , thanks, 
  ah , yeah , i heard skallagrim talk about that , indeed strange . 
  yeah , i realise that :( still , we have a lot of countries on our back for our tolerant gun laws , despite not being the source of weapons or anything . 
  it has to do with our history when people lived through two totalitarian regimes that disarmed them and made them unable to defend themselves . 
  a lot of people ( 108 i believe ) died in 1968 when they were n't able to defend themselves against soldiers , and i 'm not even talking about the german occupation period . 
  really ? 
  well , since a lot of people are armed i suppose people carefully consider attacking others . 
  i 'd say it 's loosely peace through deterrence . 
  yeah , that is indeed very strange . 
  then again when i found myself in a life threatening situation i was lucky enough for pepper spray to be effective enough . 
  what about people who live in the wilderness ? 
  are they not allowed to carry weapons against bears and such ? 
  oh , i 'm fine with that , i 'm sure a vz 58 with jsp ammo could disable a bear . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  wait , so open carry you do n't even need a permit for ? 
  ah , and do you need some special permit for it ? 
  ahh , i see . 
  thank you, 
  ahh . 
  i thought wilderness carry permit applied to rifles too . 
  that 's nice then . 
  oh , i see ... not many differences i can see then ... 
  thanks !, 
  this is the answer i was looking for . 
  thanks a lot for making things clear  and yeah , i was planning to study here , sorry for not making that clear . 
  so just so i 'm sure , for being eligible for a to immigrate in the us , you first need to work there for years , whereas canada accepts immigrants educated in certain fields without working there prior ? 
  thanks !, 
  oh , well , canada it is then !, 
  i 'd better stick to the cic site then . 
  troublemakers keep each other in check ? 
  i do n't think that works for me ... 
  anyways , thanks for the info , glad i do n't have to bother with the languages . 
  i fultoned pretty much everyone before i developed the analyzer , so now i have a lot of e level soldiers and i generally fulton from c and up . 
  maybe gon na restrict it to b. . . 
  glad i do n't have to worry with the languages . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  funniest thing to me is how she just casually mentions she tied up and blindfolded her boyfriend . 
  soo , were they improved or are they even worse ? 
  this and a billion times this . 
  someone forward this thread to celestrata, 
  the way i see it , due to the gear race , people keep to their own grind , rather than cooperating , because no one wants to walk in a world where everyone can gank you efortlessly . 
  to make matters worse , people hardly play dungeons , and when they do its for gear , not jolly cooperation . 
  it \u00b4 s a shame so many roleplaying ( being able to use objects in the well made taverns in the game etc. ), 
  and multi-class tailoring mechanics went to waste . 
  this game has so much roleplay potential . 
  well , thats nice !, 
  thanks !, 
  we have our martyr now . 
  this man sacrificed his tastebuds to save us all . 
  trion , how many more victims must you devour before you understand ? 
  i kinda want it to happen , but i 'm afraid i think it 's gon na end up by sticking him with kiki instead . 
  makes me feel bad for ronaldo 's ohime-sama . 
  i hate how the crew abuses greg to no end . 
  he just got some money , maybe he would be capable of finally moving out of the van , but no , they just would n't let it happen : t, 
  they just are n't going to let greg be happy , are they ? 
  he just came across some money , maybe he could get a house with a white picket fence to retire in , finally move out of the van after the decades he spent in there . 
  but nah , the crew would n't let that happen . 
  damn , i did n't think of that . 
  good point . 
  a greg episode can not be a bad episode . 
  even if i feel like shit after each and every one because greg is literally the definition of the butt-monkey trope . 
  i do n't see what you changed, 
  amazing, 
  foraminiferans really are interesting though ... 
  holy shit i ca n't breathe, 
  still ? 
  i 'm wondering if fusing with corrupted gems would be an equivalent of bestiality . 
  and what would that make jasper as a fusion addict willing to go for corrupted gems . 
  nasty . 
  jasper = team rocket at this point, 
  especially , but one of the shortcomings of the game is that the pvp is gank based one way or another . 
  try stopping me, 
  this is not sonic '06 is it, 
  i got ta be the only one who does n't really like amethyst . 
  he truly is a great man . 
  great reference, 
  [ yes and nobody can convince me i 'm insane ] ( http://graspertrash.tumblr.com/post/142688072795 ), 
  it 's my favorite color too . 
  i can sympathize with her troubles , but i do n't like how she keeps being a gluttonous slob with little regards for others . 
  for example how she acts in the donut shop in the latest episode . 
  the whole `` trying to prove equal when she is seen as defective '' thing sets a great background for her character and like i said something i sympathize with , but since she does literally nothing to better herself it really does n't do much . 
  anyway it 's just my opinion ^ do n'thurtmeplease, 
  oh , that was n't the point of my joke , but i always though if it was a gem , she was bubbled for a reason . 
  and besides that , it would n't be too surprising to me if many new characters entered the cast . 
  i mean , the crystal gems used to be an army after all , and are facing a homeworld threat the what , four , five or six of them probably could n't handle . 
  oh did you ? 
  i 'm sorry , have n't noticed . 
  great , we now have a fat sardonyx , since sardonyx herself was n't annoying enough . 
  is lapis ... smiling ... or is that another sarcastic grin ? 
  i think smokey is starting to grow on me . 
  it 's a bit of a shame her personality is basically 100 % amethyst , though . 
  seriously though , is this a bug ? 
  i feel like i am cheating ... 
  i feel like there should at least be a cap to fuel capacity per ship tier . 
  how do you get an avian ship as a novakid ?
