  you started defending them when i pointed out their crackdown on whistleblowers . 
  i simply hate when people resort to lies to promote an agenda . 
  i have few stakes in american politics otherwise . 
  * duel, 
  please get out of my pms . 
  if you are trying to insult me based on my height from my r/tall flair , you have already lost . 
  people are trying to argue that gop is supressing free speech by banning comments , but now that it is revealed that unlike the democrats they dont , ot is suddenly supposed to be a good thing ? 
  no , he did not . 
  what he leaked was how nsa spies on people , mainly americans and american allies . 
  he never revealed any strategical info to enemies . 
  please , i 'd be glad to read a source that proves me wrong . 
  here 's a rundown article from a quick google http://mashable.com/2014/06/05/edward-snowden-revelations/#xyknlls43pqc, 
  you 're so out of touch with reality i do n't really know where to begin . 
  i kinda hoped i would get called out on forgetting the nazi treatment of jews , and would have called the fact that americans have a simplified view of race , literally `` black & white '' . 
  also , the last of the controversial jim crow laws were overruled in 1965 . 
  that was 52 years ago . 
  and i guess racism is n't dead after all . 
  otherwise , how would this happen ? 
  i 'm just scratching the surface here . 
  we 're talking about the threat of kkk , an organisation which has long been defunct , while we glorify blm , an organisation that killed as many people in a year as kkk did the entire previous century . 
  sorry , i 'm just not buying the `` evil whites '' vs `` good poc '' shit anymore . 
  in that case , what you are talking about is two nations . 
  this is not about race at all . 
  also , you did not mention the uk at all . 
  you did mention the southern states . 
  nice to have an actual talk , however . 
  good on this guy for pointing out the hypocrisy . 
  i hate people who do n't have a set of morals but instead hate on short men because everyone does , yet act as weight is some taboo that should not be mentioned , when any fat person , regardless of their health , can lose it . 
  like i said , this is just pulling the race card . 
  voter ids were drafted to prevent illegal immigrants from voting , something that happens way [ too often ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/feb/15/nearly-2-million-non-citizen-hispanics-illegally-r/ ) , saying anything other is deliberately trying to become a victim . 
  secondly , no one denies voluntary black ghettos education , other than themselves . 
  in fact , doing so would cause an extreme uproar , plus the `` positive '' discrimination at many schools is still alive and well . 
  likewise , those loans were denied on other grounds than race , and again , it 's trying to abuse the race card to one 's benefit . 
  you 're trying to see racism where race does n't play a role . 
  i was thinking more about being able to look into their eyes without having your head on your chest, 
  because dating women equal size does n't make them feel `` masculine '' . 
  it 's exactly like when short women say that only tall men make them feel `` feminine '' . 
  that being said , not all tall ( er ) men want short women , even if they are on the dominant side . 
  i ca n't speak for women though . 
  you get slammed for almost everything , because due to much more men being on tinder than women and the fact that men mostly swipe on everyone , many , if not most women on tinder appear to have a ridiculously inflated ego . 
  just wait until she realises she is n't able to get into a decent long term relationship . 
  aw come on . 
  just because we 're dashing does n't mean all tall people are automatically homosexual . 
  it 's a meme from deprived lanklets on 4chan . 
  if you wan na join them be my guest , i 'd assume you look like [ a bunch of sticks ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=faggot ) yourself . 
  you 're not the arbiter in that , lanklet, 
  it 's both . 
  also , i never saw a single guy who would n't be immediatelly called out as a lanky awkard faggot use it on / fit / , and i doubt you 're any different , down to having a dick . 
  only the lanky ones who have nothing else to show for themselves . 
  nah , i try to get along with everyone unless they are an agressive annyoing piece of shit . 
   l-look at me meme , i wish somebody loved me . 
  you are the / r9k /, 
  what are you brethren gon na say about your adventures on le reddit ? 
  not really if she finds a taller guy who expresses interest . 
  shallow relationships are shallow because they are easy to uproot , thus never last . 
  i 'm not exactly a midget , i 'm at least average , check flair . 
  but you 're basically asking people to resort to gold diggers, 
  you mention social status and `` fun '' directly . 
  the fact social status and money go hand in hand is without question , and her having `` fun '' in the context used means your wallet is the one taking the bullet . 
  that 's not it . 
  on lesbian sites you have just one gender . 
  men message more girls on regular dating sites because as there is higher competition , they more often get ignored . 
  i 'm fairly sure women respond less on straight sites because of the message flood specifically , though i dont assume they respond all the time on lesbian ones . 
  got data ? 
  what, 
  i get `` what are you doing on this sub '' about three times a month . 
  are you this angry because someone told you you `` were n't that tall '' ? 
  nice flair, 
  well you are n't exactly short . 
  there are tinderellas that might refuse someone for being under 6 ' or under 6 ' 3 '' in other cases , but you are n't short . 
  you 're average , and probably statistically above than in the us . 
  she 's not gon na have sex with you bro . 
  well i mean not to be rude but what are you doing here anyway ? 
  i see you in every thread and you are very short . 
  people who are nice to all other people are not trying to fuck them . 
  people who are only nice to women are always trying to get in the panties . 
  ah nevermind , you 're the one i mistook for her . 
  this is the kind of attitude of `` short men are such assholes that 's why i hang around on r/tall '' i despise you for . 
  actually , i 'm sorry , i think i mistook you for u/suckitupboi , but cut out the victim schtick . 
  i 'm just surprised you come here and then complain you get called short and bombard the guy with downvotes . 
  that 's kind of natural and you should be prepared for that . 
  ah is that so ? 
  this sub mocks short guys 24/7 and i do n't see you whiteknighting . 
  who are you trying to fool ? 
  are you doing the `` annoyed high school brat '' schtick now ? 
  i could deal with seeing you less . 
  antifa sympathisers are idiots who brand people as nazis for literally nothing than having different opinions , and initiating violence against said people , including attacking the elderly with pepper sprays followed by kicking them on the ground , with main motivation being said violence . 
  they are no better than the khmer rouge . 
  pay these imbeciles no mind . 
  that might prove a daunting task . 
  let 's upovote so everyone can see your mistake, 
  and wonderfully so . 
  ah , yeah , that is what i wanted to say but could n't quite put politely . 
  oh man , here come the flashbacks, 
  dammit , just when my country was found to hold the biggest lithium reserves in europe . 
  yes , this does happen , even if i never doubted it is more rare than with people who are under 5 ' 5 '' . 
  i 'm just honest about my height or sometimes even downplay it to avoid these kind of people . 
  ironically i find girls that are genuinely tall to be much less shallow in this respect . 
  yes , nowadays girls are more and more picky . 
  it 's the tinder generation , which was where these two probably met .
