  it 's a bit outside my scope , but i 'll give it a look . 
  thanks !, 
  haha , i do n't see how a restored vw bus saved you money , but best of luck :p, 
  they specifically say they moved into a van to save money though . 
  pay for your own shit , like everyone else . 
  are you vandwelling to help kids in troubled areas ? 
  you sure as hell are not . 
  you are asking us to pay your fucking vacation for '' '' `` exposure '' '' '' in the form of a tiny tag on your van . 
  i can not believe how entitled and spoiled some people are . 
  asking 75 dollars for a 10x15 photo . 
  year and counting from now . 
  no , this is definitely not just `` buying '' prints , nor you are marketing it as such . 
  barring that , you are still advertising here , which is what we are annoyed about . 
  they wont localise the samurai one because every westerner in it is racist , like every westerner in japanese media . 
  the hypocrisy is so tense it could be cut . 
  op : `` this comedian is bad '', 
  / u/thinkandbefree : `` omg you hate all women '', 
  grow up . 
  you 're really going out of your way to ignore all the successful women to cry victim when a horrid comedian gets negative feedback . 
  not buying it . 
  i suppose i could n't have expected anything more mature of you :-), 
  you can not own any property as a free user . 
  you can farm , but only outside farms ( where your crops might get stolen ) or on public farms ( which i think have a time limit or something ) . 
  the `` manlet '' thing came from bodybuilding forums , describing muscular guys with short stature being mocked by jealous newbies . 
  since it has been has appeared on 4chan it lost that meaning to people whose only quality is their height , which they pull out at every opportunity and greatly exaggerate , turning it into a pissing match of chart makers who seriously dont have better things to do . 
  meanwhile my legs still hurt on the plane . 
  so you 're asking us to pay for your shit because you share a physical characteristic with people here ? 
  i 've got blue eyes , give me shit . 
  raise your membership fees and stop begging . 
  no , it 's crazy . 
  it 's seriously not worth it to do any surgery , especially if it 's only for shallow people to find you more attractive . 
  you should really go out of your comfort zone . 
  i prefer taller girls because they are rarely the `` i am a fragile being who needs to be protected which is why i only date 6 ' 2 '' men , but will turn hysterical the instant things are n't how i want them '' kinds of short girls that seem to flood tinder , but more often than not they can and are willing in more cases than not to stand up for themselves and are actually viable partners for life ( as long as they wo n't make your height an issue , and it does n't sound like she will ), 
  it 's much better to find a partner in relationship than raise a womanchild . 
  i 've seen people here shitting on / r/short but only very rarely the other way around . 
  edit : if you try to make this into a heigh pun , i will strangle you in your sleep, 
  whenever i see that term , it 's usually a nasty short fat girl trying to mock a shorter dude to make herself feel better . 
  just saying . 
  thanks for reminding me to unsub, 
  guys , there is a subreddit for everything, 
  what have you done, 
  while i do agree people should n't be defeatist for not having much success on dating sites ( honestly , the reason is that those , especially with tinder , have significantly more men than women on them , so it 's a bit of a buffet for shallow women ) , i find you have a pretty ridiculous double standard - you mention you wear heels despite being taller than your boyfriend , then saying you are bothered by guys who wear heels to appear taller than they actually are . 
  that 's pretty illogical to me . 
  i do n't care what your reason is . 
  the thing here is that you are hypocritical when you say you are bothered when guys wear shoes that make them look taller than they are . 
  doubly so if you wear makeup , which you probably do . 
  would explain why you 're such a clown . 
  so you justify your hypocrisy by `` it 's normal for y but not for x ? '', 
  by the same logic it would be okay to hate on gays and pretty much everyone who is n't the `` norm '' . 
  ca n't say i follow your way of thinking . 
  i much prefer to treat people equally , regardless of what 's between their legs . 
  your spam aside , it 's obviously a joke that came out of one of the `` anyone shorter than me is tiny '' joke threads . 
  most people understand as much . 
  to answer your attack , though , if i was n't empathetic , i would n't be trying to point out this the error in this lady slamming things that make short men feel better that short women had been doing for centuries . 
  ah , my apologies then . 
  i thought it was sarcasm rather than criticism of that subreddit . 
  i do n't really have much against it , but it can get pretty obnoxious sometimes . 
  not because of the 4chan meme charts and other shitty jokes , but mainly because some of them are so convinced this subreddit hates them for being tall , while it rarely seems to be paying them much attention . 
  also , the app seems to be a lot better , if you want to try that . 
  honestly this is n't really the kind of a woman anyone should want , anyway . 
  i do n't want to seem like a dick here , but stop caring about what these girls think . 
  if a girl demands a guy that is like a foot taller than her , she is shallow , and that relationship ca n't work long term . 
  is this a dick size thing ? 
  what is `` normal '' is n't necessarilly right or even feasible . 
  an example being a barely five foot girl limiting her dating pool to 6 '' + guys ( saw one who was 5 `` 1 ' and only wanted to date people 6 `` 3 ' + , which is outright bizzare . 
  the guy would have to squat to kiss her , and an argument would feel like scolding a child . 
  ah , sorry , i missunderstood what you wrote . 
  i mean it 's normal for girls to be a bit shorter than guys , so it 's more common for girls to date taller guys , but even there i do n't really see how it is more feasible . 
  in fact the taller the guy , the harder the childbirth might be , and vica versa . 
  and honestly , that 's a very important thing to factor in that many people underestimate . 
  after all , even minor hypoxia can have consequences that may make the child 's life significantly harder , like add or aspergers . 
  that 's why i do n't think i would personally opt for a serious relationship with a short girl . 
  i know you 're trying hard to pity yourself , but all i said was that girls who demand to date much taller guys are self centered and do n't think forwards . 
  i specifically said `` shallow '' in the first post . 
  not sure how you missed that, 
  why would you ever feel guilty about your height ? 
  i got ta say , i never saw a tall guy compensate for something this hard . 
  pfft, 
  idk , ask rodger waters , rihanna , taylor swift , seal . 
  seriously it takes five seconds to google tall singers . 
  it would be a lot easier to rv . 
  on the other hand i could n't eat as much food . 
  hard choice . 
  actually , someone about my height . 
  a bit taller , a bit shorter , i do n't care . 
  but short girls just did n't work out for me . 
  to be more specific , short girls looking for a 5 inch + taller guys keep expecting me to spoil them and or act as their trophy ( probably to be replaced by a 6 `` 4 ' guy sooner or later ) and seem to be pretty egocentrical altogether . 
  the taller girls i have met seemed to have been acting more like adults and less like womanchildren . 
  not a bad comeback . 
  i had a decent chuckle . 
  no need for you to throw dirt on psychologically disadvantaged people either . 
  it 's tall for both actually . 
  i think i see 6 ' + women almost as often as 6 ' 3 '' guys . 
  tall girls not existing is a myth perpetuated by shortstacks who fear competition x ), 
  oh , it 's greer . 
  now this is just plain cruel, 
  oh of course . 
  you bring up nazis but are incapable to make a comparison to what exactly the poster did to deserve comparison with a regime that murdered my people en masse , devaluating the history of their suffering to insult someone who called you out on having a dick . 
  how typical . 
  you disgust me .
