  you 're making that up , or were stupid enough to take someone 's word when they claimed their proof was `` destroyed '' , while it was n't even described by the dsm before 1980s - it angers me further you are making up persecution for your bizzare opression olympics , as if it is supposed to allow you branding people you disagree with as nazis . 
  furthermore , not a single trans person died in the gas chambers in ww2 , they would have been considered mentally ill and at worst be among the ones killed during aktion t4 . 
  but at that time , people had greater worries than coming out . 
  i 'm also hardly speculating about anything , and i 'd honestly prefer to refrain from it as i really do n't want that mental image . 
  i know better than to google that , really . 
  if you could stop mentioning your dick for two seconds that would be great , too, 
  to be honest , short women dating exclusively tall men are almost exclusively shallow jerks who bully shorter ( but still taller than them ) men . 
  most of them deserve all the hate they get . 
  feminism does n't get taken seriously because it perceives society 's issues as a whole as an attack on women , and racism died decades if not centuries ago in europe and america , so now it 's just playing the race card whenever you can . 
  what is truck driving like , as a profession ? 
  is it really so attention intensive and stressful as people say ? 
  cool jacket, 
  edit : actually i totally want a link . 
  is it unisex ? 
  the subreddit is circa 90 % people banging their head on stuff . 
  surely people can come up with something better, 
  fortunately i was spared the `` i 'm cold '' routine after she realised my stuff was way too big  i 'm guessing your bf was n't so lucky . 
  thanks for looking !, 
  now if i can only find it in brown . 
  reached my height when i was about 14 . 
  up until recently i have looked like a tall child more than someone in early twneties . 
  wheezing, 
  ohhhh , that would explain why i ca n't find it . 
  looks pretty great in that color too . 
  having someone around your height is great . 
  i mean i 'm not so tall but when i had to bend my knees after dating someone just around two inches shorter than me it was a bit of a disappointment somehow . 
  even at my height it ai n't possible, 
  yeah i hate it when people trip over me here in brobdingnag . 
  lanklets must kneel, 
  ouch . 
  have you ever considered finding a stilt walker ? 
  poor dude looks like he did n't know what was happening , i hope he did n't feel humiliated . 
  you aint short , liar, 
  its possible , happened to me . 
  youll probably still grow , but slowly . 
  while it depends on the country , this is actually very accurate here in czechia . 
  nice on you for not posting a meme . 
  are n't blacks the same height or taller ? 
  i should probably mention i live where i only see a black person few times a year , so i just want to know . 
  depends on the country . 
  it seems to work for me . 
  from my pov there does n't seem to be an upper limit for most girls it seems , at least an anatomically possible one . 
  i 've seen tinderellas who made it a point to date only guys above 6 ' 3 '' while being barely over 5 ' themselves, 
  like how is that relationship supposed to work out ? 
  i mean i get where you are coming from , but how are short girls any different ? 
  if anything it makes you look more like a pedo , but some ( tall ) guys almost fetishize them . 
  somebody actually downvoted me telling you you aint short . 
  but no , even in czechia where our average is afaik higher than in the us , you are still average . 
  am i allowed to be proud of that ? 
  well i 'm not exactly a lady but i secretly like sewing . 
  you could do something like this i think , it would be like those double sleeve tshirts . 
  looks good in my opinion . 
  being rude to short guys is a really asshole thing to do . 
  but why does it always boil down to the dick ? 
  hook , line and sinker :-), 
  but hey , i wo n't have americans telling me i got ta be ashamed of my ancestors just because a small group of people who happened to have a similar skin colour were assholes in the past . 
  unless i 'm supposed to be blaming african immigrants to europe for rwandan genocide , and muslim immigrants for [ this stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade#/media/file:captain_walter_croker_horror_stricken_at_algiers_1815.jpg ), 
  just fyi , i live in czechia and i 'm probably the first person in my lineage who has seen a black person before adulthood . 
  i wo n't bother you with the politico-historical reasons for this as it does n't seem like you 're much of a fact-person . 
  are you ? 
  do we have a shadow-downvoter in our midst then ? 
  [ all the way up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctwww610xec ), 
  this . 
  if you start a conflict you 're gon na have to solve it yourself , i 'm not your dad . 
  you aint that short, 
  what the hell were you doing dating someone almost two feet shorter ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  nuh do n't wan na . 
  plus height does n't affect strength . 
  not nearly as much as people think . 
  source : i got wrecked by short guy from my gym i called gimli after seeing him use axe body washes three months in a row . 
  meh , as long as you aint breaking the law . 
  i still do n't understand this meme but i 'm pretty sure it 's good . 
  it 's slightly above average in my country , but america i was apparently considered tall . 
  you 're kinda lucky you can still sit with your knees together, 
  depends on how shallow and selfish she is ;-), 
  if you 're using tinder it 's usually 6 inches to one foot taller . 
  ` cept you did n't , you told me to google an explicit term and then changed your strategy to `` i am so scared somebody a foot shorter said `` dick '' pls halp '' . 
  like for me ( and i think most guys ) putting my legs together actually takes effort and is really uncomfortable . 
  after all there 's stuff inbetween . 
  but even if i wanted i couldnt put my legs together in a plane ... and i 'm not too tall . 
  ohhhhh . 
  i did n't know the `` ca n't touch this '' song before i googled `` stop hammertime '' . 
  must be why i did n't get it . 
  in retrospective it 's pretty funny . 
  thanks . 
  only seeking people looking much younger than they are who look like children next to you ? 
  nobody says there are . 
  but only going for women who compared to him look like children sounds pedo to me , do n't tell me that 's surprising . 
  most of them dont seek them exclusively . 
  those who do would either not feel `` masculine enough '' in a relationship with a woman closer to their height , or are repressed pedos . 
  yeah , because gop is well known for putting down free speech , unlike dnc / s, 
  i dont have to remind you how much effort and cash was used to hunt down snowden , do i ? 
  gop doesnt have comments disabled . 
  the democrats , on the other hand ... 
  well , if you bothered to fact check/cease lying , we wouldnt be having this conversation . 
  its funny how you dont mention the democrats do actually disable comments . 
  yep . 
  unlike the gop that you accuse , the democrats do . 
  please come up with more complicated lies,
