  move to a new parking lot , call the police on the drophead , easy enough . 
  reminds me of this mad cool project of a gentleman with an unique sense of humor  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-3266457/the-dusty-hearse-resurrected-holiday-home-reaper-fully-functioning-campervan-features-kitchen-coffin.html, 
  why do people keep downvoting these posts ? 
  it 's just a guy looking for honest advice . 
  sure , most women limit themselves to taller men , but that does n't mean we should slam shorter men too - we do n't slam shorter girls for looking for taller guys now , do we ? 
  anyways , i 'll try to throw my two cents in , even though my dating game is pretty weak - just do n't be scared and dishearted by rejection . 
  unfortunately most women naturally go for tall guys , and to top it a lot of really tall women seem to be self conscious about being very tall , so while it is true that they pick taller guys so they dont stick out as much , perhaps some would be charmed that you approach them . 
  just try not to appear intimidated . 
  be confident !, 
  now that 's just cruel : t, 
  do you really have that issue at six feet ? 
  i still wear l in european measurements , just my underwear is xl ( i have a big butt , it 's not a perverted joke ) . 
  i legit got catcalled last month while i was changing and forgot to close the curtains . 
  that was pretty embarassing for both parties . 
  on a related note , i need to get a haircut . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  are those health issues that come naturally being so tall ? 
  funny to say that . 
  many of my dates told me they 'd never date someone under 6 ft. 
  especially funny with the one that was hardly 5 ft herself . 
  honestly it 's super shallow and selfish and a huge letdown for me , even if i meet that criteria . 
  i think my sides are somewhere along the ceiling , could one of you reach for them for me ? 
  i would n't blame insecurity when vast majority of women just flat out refuse shorter men . 
  not everyone is a dating donquijotist . 
  well , except me anyway . 
  i can say for myself i will go for taller women ( even if that situation is rare ) however many times i get refused , but the reason i am saying it is that i can say i speak from experience when i claim the first sentence of this post is true . 
  then there 's the fact , if your ego is so high you call people `` insecure '' for not wanting to date you , that 's kind of a turnoff too . 
  huh . 
  that 's the first time i heard about a woman being rejected for being too tall . 
  thank you , i 'll read through it . 
  honestly , r/short people tend to be far more often antagonistic . 
  makes sense though , since they are a bit closer to hell . 
  many women ( to avoid throwing them in one bag he used feminazis ) in workplace will accuse you of harassment whenever they are a bit uncomfortable or vengeful towards you , as it usually means firing you without question . 
  i have heard of many such cases , especially in the us and uk . 
  yeah , it 's pretty easy to always blame the man , is n't it ? 
  it 's easy to close your eyes before many of these cases proven false , if you want to push a narrative . 
  the narrative you were pushing is `` creepy fucks always make women uncomfortable and should be fired for it , for the accuser is always correct if they do n't have a schlong between their legs '' . 
  the issue is the same thing is believed in workplaces , which is why i respect the other dude for making that choice . 
  if you do n't , that 's your issue . 
  i am a long time lurker . 
  it started with several trips where my father rented out an unfurnished van and we camped in the back , and i loved it . 
  now that i am working and about to go to college , about to fall into the black hole of working to live , i have n't really been in a better position to make the dream come true . 
  i just quit my work - it was n't much of a career . 
  i worked for minimal wage out of which half went to a shared apartment where i lived in a single small room , so i have n't had much to lose, 
  another reason why i hurry it is i am still single . 
  i want to do it before i start a family , because by then i sure as hell will need a `` proper '' house . 
  i plan to register back at my parent 's house , and despite my parent 's protests start the work on the van , and enjoy it before i want to settle down with someone . 
  what i expect from it is to give me a place to lay my head after spending days in the library , as well as having the option to go on road trips i loved so much . 
  the whole campervan thing seems better than renting around rooms in dorms and hopefully could give me slightly more peace than staying with my nice , but unfortunately rather loudly dysfunctional family . 
  i 'm hoping that a van would be more city safe tthan an rv . 
  aside from the stealth factor , breaking through layers of fiberglass , sheet metal does n't sound that easy , and can hopefully make me feel safe enough . 
  i spend most of my time here gathering inspiration for the interior layout , as i 'm trying to go small , so i have been trying to perfect my little layout . 
  my goal is something that drives close to a regular car and is efficient enough to be able to use to commute back to prague , or when it 's too cold to use a bicycle , while also having some workspace inside to work and have fun , 
  so anyway , that 's my two cents , hope it made at least a little sense . 
  best of luck on your journey !, 
  you do realise you have n't been doing much other than scoffing and spitting obscenities , have you ? 
  i 'm just saying there is no reason to mock the other guy 's point and baselessly accuse him/us of sexist . 
  word for word , you are calling people `` creepy shitheads '' for talking about things that do not fit your narrative . 
  hardly . 
  i mean he does n't want to look shorter than you when he is n't . 
  that 's fairly natural , the way i see it . 
  i 'm already getting downvoted for this , but i 'm saying things the way they are . 
  does n't mean i like them that way . 
  however , society just works that way that it wants the man to always be taller than the woman - as long as most women demand that men are taller than them , it 's gon na stay that way , even if i personally dislike it . 
  it 's up to you really . 
  he will probably get used to the fact you are not much shorter , but before he does you should n't wear heels if he feels tormented and you want to make him comfortable around you . 
  the way i read your post , it seems to me like you are asking if it is a dealbreaker , rather than complaining your boyfriend is annoyed when you make yourself taller than him with heels , which is why i advised to accomodate it , because in my opinion it 's a minor thing that will smoothen itself out over time . 
  of course , if you 'd prefer to wear heels , the only option left is to ditch him , but it 's a stupid reason imo . 
  40 % she wants you to keep telling her how she is not and compliment her , 60 % she is trying to turn you down without hurting you . 
  i havent got the exact data , but i stopped growing around 14 years of age , so six years ago . 
  meanwhile my brother used to be shorter than me for the longest time , but within the past two years grew like a head taller than he was . 
  ( he 's 18 something now ), 
  in his case it was probably late blooming , in my case stubbed through medication , but what i am trying to say is that it is individual and you might still very well grow . 
  creeps, 
  how do you even get on the yellow one ? 
  i would make a switcheroo post but i have no idea how they are supposed to be made, 
  it 's asked often , and the answer is always the same : height is attractive . 
  the issue is most women ( or so we think ) prefer taller men , so shorter men do n't really ask out of fear of rejection . 
  therefore , be confident and do n't be afraid to make the first move . 
  you might get surprising results . 
  there are studies that claim that do and ones that do n't , but the fact that my growth was stubbed within the three years of my treatment had my physician claim it could have been the cause of me stopping 6 inches under my projected growth, 
  not like i am complaining . 
  would be slightly less insane if they just added a third wheel ... or perhaps make it a four wheeler so you do n't bump into people with the back wheels . 
  she was n't really ordered , her partner said it made him uncomfortable . 
  i think tolerance is important in a relationship , but like i said , it 's important wheter she wants to accomodate it or not herself . 
  however , i think people who want everything their way risk ending up alone . 
  tolerance and listening to each other is the basis that relationships stand on . 
  and therefore i said i personaly thought it was not enough of a reason to abandon a seemingly otherwise happy relationship - in my opinion . 
  ** considering most women refuse to date anyone who `` does n't make them feel feminine '' ( ergo is shorter than them ) , i fail to see the crime this guy commits by saying he 'd prefer if his partner did not wear heels . 
  not everything . 
  there is one thing he wants , and that is to feel masculine when walking along her side . 
  while i do not feel the same and do n't really mind dating taller people , this is not the case with him , and it is similar to women claiming they will not date a guy who doesnt make them feel feminine , therefore a taller dude . 
  i 'm assuming if she is dating him , there is something she likes about him , and i 'm just advising her not to make harsh decisions because of something that is n't really all that severe . 
  creepy comments about height ? 
  like what ? 
  canned food , ocassionally fresh fish i catch on the way and put in a cooler . 
  had a friend who hunted pigeons with a blowgun - not sure if it 's legal . 
  man i ca n't count the times i overheard girls talking about my butt while jogging . 
  i fail to see how this is any different . 
  heck my teacher slapped it in high school .
