  just avoid them . 
  i have n't seriously dated until i was twenty , because i just did n't see how they were worth all that hassle . 
  it 's better to be single than to have a girl who 's only looking for a trophy-mate rather than someone compatible . 
  6 ' 4 '' , ended up four inches shorter . 
  at least i do n't look lanky . 
  holy shit they 're lanky as fuck, 
  chop his legs off, 
  that forum is retarded and most of the posts have been shitting on short guys and tall girls since ages . 
  most of them are jealous men and women respectively . 
  you really should n't pay them any mind . 
  height is n't really something for you to be insecure about , most guys do n't care about height as much as women do , and those who do you do not want to date . 
  seriously , why the hell are you insecure while shorter women wear high heels ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  my father is i believe 5 ' 8 '' , though he did n't have a diet as good as i had when i was a kid . 
  my younger brother is about two inches taller than me , but my grandfather from my mother 's side was taller . 
  so take a look at the height of your maternal grandpa too . 
  it 's definitely possible , but how well you eat and how tall your mother 's father was might give you a hint . 
  i grew really tall until i was about 14 . 
  since then i havent grown much but back then i always stood out while i was really introverted , which may have been part of the reason i got bullied , as a tall woobie was too much fun not to fuck with . 
  so i 'm kinda glad i did n't grow much taller , because i dislike to tower over people . 
  if i was even shorter i 'd have an easier time camping and vandwelling , and would have a longer lifespan . 
  perhaps i could be a bit more relaxed with less expectations about being manly all the time , perhaps i would get into less fights , perhaps dating an amazon would be hot . 
  there are some other boons and drawbacks i bet , but i am more or less satisfied with my height . 
  i got measured at 185 cm after always being told i was taller . 
  i just took it as that everyone was lying about their height and rolled with it . 
  flair it . 
  please . 
  there are 20 + of these posts a day and even if it is funny at first it 's not what i browse all day . 
  it 's not like that and you know it . 
  i agree with you with the `` you do n't want to be with her if she 's that shallow '' point , but this is the tinder generation . 
  it is shallow . 
  they are not hopelessly undateable of course . 
  but with modern dating they are at a disadvantage . 
  even 6 footers get turned down , albeit nowhere near as often as they do . 
  here 's what i 'm talking about . 
  you 're lucky your son has n't suffered from hypoxia during birth , such a difference usually leads to significant complications . 
  i probably would n't reccomend it . 
  that 's not how you spell `` daughter '', 
  5 ' 11 '' is n't any height at all . 
  your entire post screams `` fucking scared ungrateful men ca n't they see they are supposed to find me attractive '' , which is why you 're undateable . 
  do n't blame your height . 
  nah , i mean not really , at least in my case . 
  i like to go camping a lot and i do n't like standing out too much . 
  not to mention longer lifespans that short people have and that they tend to save space . 
  oh and i wish i could be the little spoon sometimes . 
  yeah sure some ( well this is the tinder generations , so most ) girls go after height but i can do without the 6 ' or bust shallow hoes . 
  stilts . 
  it is stupid , especially since you more often than not see a woman with clown makeup and tight tacky clothes talking about how `` short guys are creepy '' . 
  i 've also read an article about how women like men to be 8 '' taller while men prefer a 3 '' difference , so it does n't really surprise me as much as it should , especially since tinder is oversaturated with horny men to choose from . 
  but honestly if anyone is that shallow , it would probably not work out in the long run . 
  it 's frustrating in spring but that 's that . 
  interestingly it seems taller women seem to be less hypocritical than short women when it comes to height difference , but they still tend to prefer taller dudes i 'd say . 
  they are horrible at it , maybe also because guys on tinder lie . 
  but i 'm not gon na be lying just because others lie . 
  not my loss really, 
  in summary , it 's a big fat ** no ** , definitely not unless you suffer from irregular limbs . 
  while i understand there is a lot of pressure in society to be tall , understand that being extremely tall also comes with things such as lifespan risks and the like . 
  i have reached about 12cm less than my predicted height ( around 4.7 '' less , to be precise ) , perhaps due to the meds i had been taking which had a documented height reduction growth reduction effect and indeed i have n't grown an inch since 14 years of age , but i think `` what if 's '' as an argument for ll are genuinely stupid . 
  now leg lengthening surgery in itself may be a decent idea if you have genuine skeletal deformations , but no way it is worthy to fracture your own femurs for a few extra inches . 
  i had fractured my metacarpus and had to have two wires put in it for fixation , and even if the pain was n't unbearable later on in the treatment , i can tell you that having wires penetrating through your legs is not something comfortable . 
  whenever you move you feel them . 
  and in the beginning , right after the surgery , it can be really bad . 
  but the aparatus you need for the ll is on a different league entirely . 
  to give you an idea what kind of apparatus you need during the many months period of the legs healing , [ they need to be externally fixated with a device just looking at which might make a weaker person panic ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:tsf_4.jpg ), 
  also , i have heard that the leg is under more stress when stressed due to the blood vessels and nerves having to be stretched as well . 
  actually , it would be informative to read [ this thread ] ( https://www.quora.com/should-i-go-for-a-limb-lengthening-operation-to-increase-my-height-how-risky-is-it-and-what-are-the-chances-that-such-a-surgery-would-succeed-fail-what-could-the-complications-be ) for you, 
  additionally , i reccomend you read this as well https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2403498, 
  better forget about it , bud . 
  you 'd have a metal aparatus penetrating your limbs for many months . 
  and during that time period you 'd also probably be bed bound , or definitely not very well mobile . 
  and the surgery itself is probably very long , complicated and probably expensive . 
  not to mention having to be anaesthetised for surgery in the first place is n't something a person should undergo often . 
  jokes aside i have n't measured any of those but i have a head that really has a hard time fitting into stuff . 
  the one thing i envy the really tall people is that they can grip a phablet with mdoerate comfort . 
  never really had issues with that sub , though some of them tend to take it to heart when this subreddit mocks them , even in  sort of good nature < . 
  which is unfortunately pretty often . 
  eh , yeah and no i guess . 
  they get swooned over girls because they are hot and rich . 
  additionally they all have well trained physiques and are n't lanky while being tall at the same time . 
  i never said it was extremely high risk . 
  although that case certainly sounds extreme . 
  i 'm just saying you 're sacrificing a lot for a reward that is ultimately not worth it , especially seeing as you already grew to be very tall . 
  who leaked my world domination plan ? 
  lmao do you even have to ask ? 
  i first look at them with spite and envy and then initiate the virgin walk , defeated and stripped of my masculinity . 
  you know i agree , but at the same time people are allowed to have preferences . 
  i wo n't dictate to you who to date and nor you should dictate to anyone else . 
  it 's a pain the most appropriate response is hidden deep under the thread . 
  hey , nice posture . 
  if that thing counts when faceplanting anyways . 
  oh look , tourists . 
  i 'm glad they contribute to the economy of the country i love and hope they have a nice trip . 
  you do realise you are 75 % white right, 
  i do n't care what you look like , nor how racist you are . 
  you do seem like you are projecting above all though . 
  i seriously do n't care , because i do n't filter people by race . 
  if some women are dumb enough to seek sex with a horde of foreign tourists , to each their own . 
  they 're adults , they do n't need me protecting them . 
   i 'm 25 % asian which means i am not white i hate whites they are taking women that are rightfully mine, 
  how about go fuck yourself ?
