  i 'm looking for an mmo to sate my chuunibyou . 
  sure , that might seem pretentious , but please , hear me out . 
  note that i am looking for any kind of an mmo , not just an mmorpg . 
  so , i went through most of my childhood playing in either virtual worlds and mmos , new and popular at the time , from second life over swg to metin 2 . 
  i really liked the pve content and spent a lot of my free time there . 
  point is , i really identified with my characters , wheter it was a predefined class , but perhaps enjoyed roleplaying even more . 
  eventually i started making backstories and stuff . 
  because that 's what kids do . 
  but yeah . 
  i have been feeling a sense of nostalgia to break free and go my own way in mmos , realising my delusions of grandeur in a virtual world . 
  i 'm not saying i have to feel powerful . 
  if it was about that , i would just go play a singleplayer rpg . 
  just have the possibility to have a character that would be unique to a point , preferrably something sandboxy . 
  something with similiarly minded people with room for roleplay , without being limited by p2w zergers , as in archeage . 
  i rather like post apoc settings , too . 
  i wo n't even mention archeage , which is subscription and p2w ... so uhhh ... uncharted waters , maybe , there is star trek online but that isnt very party ... worlds adrift might be interesting for you , but i playtested it and it has ways to go before it can consider itself complete . 
  darkfall unholy wars also reportedly has ships , but its basically a deathmatch mmo . 
  and you need a sub for that one too . 
  sorry i can not help you more pal . 
  i agree . 
  yeah , i know about shards , but it still doesnt give you nearly as much freedom as mmows . 
  a great shame . 
  i loved scripting there so much . 
  identity looks nice , but not all that different from gta online to be hoenst . 
  i was looking for something that would let you create . 
  yeah , i was thinking, 
  of playing this post apoc, 
  tell me if it 's good . 
  i knew i shouldnt have backed it ... 
  please do n't quit just yet ... 
  the problem is the distinction between hooked on and enjoyed . 
  some mmos have extensive gear system that attract people to get better and better , therefore staying with the game longer , however , it also means that until you get really good gear , you dont stand shit in pvp . 
  archeage is probably the most infamous example of such a game , having cleverly hidden p2w elements . 
  it just died mate ... or perhaps `` entered a coma '' would be a better analogy . 
  it was promising and had good development run , but they chose the wrong engine . 
  sota is frankly a horrible game . 
  it is little more than a cash grab , and i have lost hope that it would be anything else . 
  but i was kind of pessimistically expecting it after what happened with tabula rasa . 
  besides this the moderators actively support the so-called anti-gamergate and are very ban happy towards everyone who displays an opposing opinion in this matter and others . 
  well it 's a two man indie game . 
  it 's not like this is an aaa title . 
  shame . 
  they drop the bass . 
  agreed though , filler music could be better . 
  just how would you import assets from whatever in house engine swe used to unreal 4 ? 
  yeah , agree . 
  kudos to their engine choice , too . 
  ah , is it ? 
  i thought it was unreal . 
  ah , thanks . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  but technically unless daybreak makes another swg , hopefully they wont waste their funds on a lawsuit . 
  i was interested in it , but i can not find the original copies and i never really used torrents , nor would i be too happy to do so ... 
  to sum it up , it 's questionable to call it a sandbox anymore , as most sandbox features were removed , as faitu said . 
  in fact , i believe it is a good example of a themepark mmo now . 
  probably not dead , but they will have to try harder to avoid another merge . 
  that is not so different from aa right now to be honest . 
  but bns is n't my cup of tea . 
  that might be for the american ones , but not in europe . 
  oh come on now . 
  open world housing was removed , open world bosses were removed , not sure if they readded them . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` before '' . 
  what you 're looking for are games that are generally considered niche games . 
  those are always gon na have expensive subs , in my opinion . 
  why not try project gorgon , though ? 
  it 's still alpha , but reportedly it 's good . 
  after all the crappy russian mmofps we had in recent times , this looks really effing neat for early access . 
  hope they improve the ai though . 
  stomac, 
  well it 's a russian mmofps , so ... everything ? 
  geez . 
  it 's being developed by neuronhaze , a russian studio . 
  if you at least watched the video , you would notice the player character speaks in russian . 
  russia is considered west , in mmo terminology at least . 
  then no , it is n't worth it i 'm afraid . 
  is that a man or a woman in the rose garb ? 
  i honestly can not tell . 
  well sorry mate , i live in czechia , i do n't see people like that often . 
  i 'm so sorry , i must have been blinded by her beauty and independence . 
  geez pearl , not all humans are feminists . 
  so are you telling me all of these interrelated forces are biased against women for * no apparent reason * . 
  helps your argument , really . 
  i probably should n't be getting into this debate here , but this only goes on in countries who feel like women need to be protected and helped with everything . 
  countries that have mandatory draft for both genders often have female leaders . 
  take merkel , the most powerful person of europe . 
  do you even know the meaning of the term `` systemic opression '' ? 
  i kinda feel you 're throwing it around here . 
  look at the history of czechoslovakia - b\u00f6hmen un m\u00e4hren , then being forced to obey the ussr as a satellite state . 
  that is systemic opression . 
  not people refusing to treat people with gloves their parents raised them with . 
  strange , i thought it was a more gentle way of saying transvestite . 
  it 's getting hard to keep track of what offends people and what does n't anymore , but yes , i said that . 
  your pipe looks like a dick , man . 
  yeah i know , but i rarely really play a dps role , my previous build used occultism as a damage source . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  yeah , i should think about piercing shot . 
  thanks !, 
  i dunno , as long as i need to deal damage sometime at least , it would be nice to get enemy def down , in dungeons if nothing else . 
  well , mana barrier was one reason , but i thought i could help our main healers who are caretakers , suck with mana and always forget potting , though you have a point . 
  i was thinking of putting some intelligence on my gear so i would have more mana , by the way , does int increase ranged critical more , less or the same as agility ?
