then i guess you are a multibillionaire since you can predict ten years of world economic, 
  we did n't switch : we lost and were occupied, 
  it 's really delicious . 
  they were of french origin, 
  spoken words are different than written treaty, 
   that 's not a good reason , that 's a nutjob 's conspiracy theory . 
  in fact that is a very good * casus belli *, 
  no , they are making fun of how the media report about it, 
  nice idea !, 
  none, 
  no , you can sue the company and enjoy an early retirement, 
   google will change their terms and conditions to say they can change what they want but if the law says otherwise their `` terms & conditions '' will go directly into the crapper . 
  plus , for example , here in italy that is forbidden by our constitution ( and i guess also germany , one of the benefit of antifascism ), 
  france , germany and italy are more pro-eu , britain is n't, 
  i actually do . 
  and it 's almost time to take britain out of that list, 
  there 's a difference between spying on a foreign government and spying every citizen of a country, 
  i think that a confederation is more likely, 
  http://imgur.com/blotjhh yep that 's the moon little town near treviso , italy ( not far from venice ), 
  you can see only italy there, 
  well the only positive things i can think of is that if they decide to marry between them so in a 2-3 generation we can have only one heir for all europe, 
  he got married without permission and against their family rules ; even the old king said that to him . 
  hitler and stalin by bullock ; martin gilbert 's first world war ; raymond cartier 's second world war ;, 
  i 'm still upset that when i went to london and visited the parliament they told to not to seat . 
  but now i realize that there is probably some cue regulation since neither yours mp can seat / s, 
  no , i stand correct , i was considering 20 years , why would you think of 2003 ? 
  never said 2003 . 
  said 20 years . 
  i hope you still get some basic math for free or you have to pay also for the simple 1 +1 ? 
  sorry if we do n't like to fuck things up like you did in the last 20 years, 
  we do n't like monotony, 
  their mess , their job, 
  we ruled europe and the mediterranean sea, 
  yes, 
  the downsides is that you have a foreign military base that - potentially - could be used to spy on your citizens . 
  but that is n't really gon na happen ... 
  and what about all the planes in their desert ? 
  well you wrote `` aereal bombardment '', 
  we - italians - did it in libya in 1911  on november 1 , the first ever aerial bomb was dropped by sottotenente giulio gavotti , on turkish troops in libya , from an early model of etrich taube aircraft . 
  you forgot the venice republic, 
  as in people from turku , fi ? 
  it 's kind of difficult to be worst then the last one, 
  they decided almost everything when they supported junker, 
  they are oligarchs because putin allow them in the first place . 
  so no . 
  they can not rebel against him : putin would just put to jail for corruption/whatever the rebels . 
  like the football worldcup it 's time to start doing rotation : last time were europe , the mediterranean sea and asia so why not in north america and africa this time ? 
  edit : i 'm saving south america because they have just buil stadiums , it would be a shame to destroy them right now, 
  not `` un - '' but `` less '' for sure . 
  well hollywood ... 
  also , they are used to the ** wrong ** side of the road . 
  american way, 
  one of the best thing that i ever did, 
  is n't is asylum kind of expiring any time soon ? 
  i think it will be next . 
  no , actually the american view of this thing is : you should spend more on defense , and you should buy our stuff , but not same same , almost-same stuff because we really do n't like if you can beat us on the strategic industrial sector such aerospace ( we had to ask for bilding our gps and still we had to put other `` safety '' measures ) , it ... 
  yes of course , because what us really wants is a ue heavly armed and at least at same level of them . 
  plus : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_leggenda_del_piave, 
  you should wait till hillary , then you will know, 
  eu has put some regulation , at least for the speculation part . 
  but yes , this is what us supremacy gives : a war and a economic crisis every 7-10 years, 
  no sanctions if you do n't vote . 
  and for the latter question ... 
  i really do n't know . 
  we ( italy ) do n't . 
  last time was saturday and sunday, 
  you forgot the mandolino thing, 
  social engineering . 
  new law : for having kids you should have a real house , a real address and a job ( or someone like parents have to garantee for you ) . 
  then the social service take their kids ( the youngster ) and put them up for adoption in all europe . 
  they will change or the will face extinction, 
  because the bigger nations in eu will never seek war since they clearly remember last time and the smallest are just to small to be alone . 
  so nato now means only us, 
   at this point i think there 's a better chance of nato falling apart than there is of it going to war nato is already dead . 
  nobody in eu is going to put money in military ( except for the normal defense porposes ) . 
  te best ways to avoid war right now is to tight with russia with trade so they will have more to loose tha to gain with a war . 
  what happend and what is going to happen is clear since day 1 . 
  ukraine will split : ukranian part and russian part . 
  now , they can became a federation but most likely the russian part will join russia ; then the real ukraine will join eu but not nato ( putin will not permit that ) , after they have clean themself from all the nazi-like leader ( recently one of them was killed ) . 
  this will clear the nationalist problem - for putin - and the presence in the eu parliament of russian rapresentative ( if ukraine join the eu now half of their mp would be russian ) and so eu will not be influenced by putin from the inside . 
  the future is that ukraine will became the link between eu and russia ( and by that asia ) for trade . 
  we are not going to war , eu will never permit that and neither putin wants . 
  war means destruction and death in the european union . 
  only us has something to obtain from a war : a new post war , and a new us world supremacy ( that now they do n't have any more ) . 
  just think about this : how many people from eu will vote for the next american president and congress ? 
  how many for the next eu parlament ? 
  in italy in some part the limit is 150 . http://www.sosviaggiatore.com/autostrade_150kmh.htm, 
  with dclauzel at least you can learn french . 
  the eu should male a new reformed islam and allow only this new islam to be practiced . 
  because he is not in a long time mission . 
  i went to finland - for my erasmus program - as an italian , came back less italian . 
  after a month there i found that except for the language there was n't so much difference between me and the german girl or the sicilian girl ( i 'm from north italy, 
  lets just conveniently forget about libya ... 
   military training for fitness so this time we sould do it in the us, 
   35c this is the reason i like r/europe, 
  if it 's a girl speaking french , for male german . 
  i like napoleon , he is my favourite italian . 
  who 's penis o'brien ? 
  you can survive , but no , not living, 
  oh yes ...
