it 's very true for every human being . 
  indeed . 
  it 's way easier to look for external foe instead of analyzing your own wrongdoings , right ? 
  no , i think your stated question wrong . 
  this makes those people simple observers not participants of their own history . 
  but anyway , thank you for your input . 
  no , poll made by putin 's propaganda would state half of ukraine are willing to join russia . 
  so people you 're talking to ... what do they want actually ? 
  they want to go back or stay with russia ? 
  is it worse , is it better ? 
  i heard that politicians there are still the same people . 
  no trolling , do you have any credible sources stating otherwise ? 
  i do n't support the take over but from all i know crimean majority are ok with being part of russia . 
  he also spelled it wrong . 
  second this . 
  it 's the same in russia with us being the boogeyman and eu it 's lackey . 
  politicians are the same everywhere , all they want is power and money . 
  it disturbs me , too . 
  i really hate how weak europe turned during last decades that we ca n't even stand up and say freely that we ca n't tolerate muslim culture as much as muslims ca n't tolerate ours . 
  you ca n't live peacefully with people who oppress women , homosexuals , atheists , christians etc , hate you guts and generally think they 're superior because some medieval source told them so . 
  well , you can , but people with such mentality see your patience as a weakness and everything going on in eu with terrorism and assaults are tell-tale . 
  christianity took a few hundred years , wars and people like giordano bruno burned to become tolerable . 
  you ca n't fight hatred with acceptance either . 
  muslims would win from the changes , they just do n't understand it yet . 
  like russians were opposed to peter the great who turned medieval tsardom of russia into european empire , like emperor meji was opposed by traditionalists when he did the same for his country . 
  and yet eu does everything to ban post-soviet migrants who want to work , learn language and share the culture and values from working legally and freely withing it 's borders . 
  these women are basically slaves so there 's nothing can be done to worsen their situation . 
  europe has to integrate migrants in it 's society or they 'll take over some day . 
  not yet . 
  but security issues aside it 's disturbing for women to be oppressed that way . 
  i agree with you . 
  something is changing in russia during last two years and it 's scaring . 
  you do n't understand . 
  you ca n't be all peaceful and forgining to muslims because they basically want to spread their religion and their culture to europe . 
  what they do n't understand is their religion is the reason for current situation in their homelands . 
  they will colonize us in a few decades if we do n't put it to end right now . 
  of course , banning burqa is little step and it wo n't help really until eu wo n't stop flirting with islam but it 's better to do something than pretending there 's no fire at your home . 
  so you have put burqa on your women and turn muslim ? 
  because they ca n't tolerate your culture itself ? 
  ok . edit : misspelling . 
  but it 's too late for people who already dead because of fake refugees . 
  i did n't invented your rudeness , you were rude and full of shit from your first comment but i tried to be polite . 
  in no vain , of course . 
  you 're rude , dear . 
  rude and aggressive just like many russians on the internet . 
  i do n't share values you listed above , too . 
  does it unmake my russian heritage ? 
  it wo n't happen anytime soon , erdogan would be a distant past when western civilization finally would wake up . 
  jet is how it started , yes , but soon it evolved into something more toxic . 
  not watching \u0437\u043e\u043c\u0431\u043e\u044f\u0449\u0438\u043a does n't mean i do n't follow russian press . 
  this is a greatest mystery to me . 
  i really ca n't watch russian tv because it 's too painful and cringeworthy but many people are watching it everything and swallowing everything without questioning . 
  i understand how ukraine was transformed into literal mordor with hitler as patron during last years but how it 's possible to people suddenly start to hate turkey and as suddenly claim it 's russian ally ? 
  within a few months ? 
  wtf . 
  i have no problem with turkey itself but this current turkey with erdogan throwing innocent teachers and scholars in jail ? 
  is this our future ? 
  because it 's really important for ukraine to step away for big bullying brother we are now . 
  what is more important is how immigrants from ukraine and russia stick together , forming united community . 
  it 's because we have the same culture and values . 
  if russia was n't so bitter about losing it 's status as empire we would live really happy together as neighbors . 
  nope , i do n't know it because i was living in czech republic during last few years and most part of my friends are ukrainians . 
  they do n't hate me guts , they do n't assume if i 'm russian i support everything my government does . 
  like , um , you do . 
  putin does n't think about making friends . 
  you 're no friends to russia , you 're rebel part of empire our government not so secretly wants to rebuild . 
  that 's why even our closest allies like belarus now are wary of us . 
  lingua latina is the dead language , there 's no first-hand knowledge of how it actually sounded so everything we have now is reconstruction : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latin_spelling_and_pronunciation, 
  we do n't know it . 
  russian army is in the middle of ukraine so it 's easier to try and take over ukraine step by step with help of reinforcement from rostov and crimea . 
  we 're much stronger than poor ukrainian army but i agree with you , none if it would be reasonable . 
  i do n't think putin really wants another poor region with good chance of civil unrest within rf , what he really wants is to destabilize ukraine and prevent it from getting part of the eu . 
  also little revenge is not above our oh-so mighty leader . 
  i know but still there 's a difference in teaching latin pronunciation as more italian-sounding and less-italian . 
  personally i think we should stick with italian as it 's closest descendant . 
  i think oxford courses are the best for latin studies . 
  i did so myself because we did the same in our classes . 
  i disagree , ukraine can be taken over and it would integrate flawlessly because despite current situation we are pretty much the same culture . 
  so it 's possible . 
  but no one would be happy with this situation , nor ukrainian people nor struggling russian economy . 
  indeed . 
  putin can take over ukraine but he wo n't do it until there 's something to lose in relationship with eu/us . 
  cheater . 
  we do n't even know how to pronounce latin properly because there 's no living native speakers . 
  so is russian . 
  also most part of my neighborhood in prague ( excluding other expats obviously ) spoke broken english . 
  even more broken than mine is . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  you mean historical center ? 
  aside from that you wo n't find many tourists walking around . 
  for example , in vrsovice we have no tourists at all . 
  it 's the same in some parts of russia , southern parts are scalding hot . 
  oh , fellow `` deluded '' citizen . 
  not only the red square but anywhere in rf . 
  there 's law passed specially to prevent opposition from protest . 
  because that 's what typical liberals think about opposition . 
  if you 're not with them you 're just deluded , paid for or russian spy ( it 's a funny thing that i 'm actually russian ) . 
  ss uniform is also looks cool and during some time it represented the power , the right side , the pride for any person who wore . 
  does it ok to proudly wear it ? 
  nope .
