  it has been also clear for some time that lybia and isis are sending the refugees at us purposefully , objectifying them and using as an economical weapon . 
  they know that these people will not assimilate and will instead become hostlite to our societies , whilst living around them . 
  they know this , because this is what has been happening for the last 20 or 30 years . 
  many of the people who emigrate are just economical emigrants , seeking better living standards . 
  and if not those , but the actual refugees ; do you really think that after establishing here ( the ideal situation ) and living to their fullest , they will be willing to return to their countries to fight economical problems ? 
  meanwhile , who will be fighting the dictators ? 
  european soldiers ? 
  who will be defending and educating the poor that will remain on site ? 
  you want to evacuate them ? 
  those who reach europe are a fraction of those who live under the reign of terror , i say this again . 
  and they were better off , while also living away from the danger , at least far enough to not be trapped . 
  think world war 2 . 
  people were fleeing central europe only to return there with allied armies . 
  they were fleeing to be able to fight for their freedom . 
  and allies were up for that . 
  is this what is happening now ? 
  these people will stay and become either fat and well off , or hostile to europeans . 
  they leave for better lives , not for the better future of their homelands - because they have no homelands , countries that they are fleeing were forced upon them by us !, 
  and while we do have responsibility for them , we can not resolve the situation by pretty and heart warming means , but with cold calculation . 
  so while you accuse me of being mean , telling people in dire need to go back and fight for their land , with our support , i call myself sensible , while you are naive . 
  because your solution is to take them in and then wait for the problems in the region to magically disappear , while still thousands will die . 
  and then to throw this people back there , drastically lowering their living standards . 
  or maybe you also know some magic way to build economies , without participation of the elites ? 
  do you volunteer to live in the middle east and drive economy of syria or iraq , after the mass murders are over ? 
  but then , what do you do ? 
  pharmacy ? 
  high tech ? 
  social liberties ? 
  who will replace you ? 
  a refugee ? 
  this is a cruel world , and what works is not always pretty . 
  which is hard for me to take as well , because i too was once an idealist . 
  these people are worse off , that 's for sure . 
  but while they are , the solution is not to take them all in . 
  cause in the world there are more people that are in bad situation that there is those who are doing well . 
  the only way to tackle world 's problems is to tackle them locally . 
  bringing all people in need to a single location , will only cause people who already live there to become povert . 
  money does not grow on trees . 
  and that 's also an excellent point / u/vangundysbaldhead is making : wealthy middle eastern states are doing jack shit to help resolve this situation . 
  while they also can be connected to the mess that has been created in the region . 
  which is being brought up more and more by the refugees themselves . 
  people do not need refuge . 
  especially not the well educated and relatively healthy who are elite of their societies . 
  they need to be helped to solve their local problems and secure their countries . 
  we can not suddenly allow to depopulate seventh part of the world , because some very bad men live in the countries the people are running from . 
  and we definitely can not accept more economical immigrants than our economies require , out of the kindness of our hearts . 
  it is the shortest way to make our countries povert , and then unable to provide any help , to the poor that can not afford a boat ticket and will have to remain under assad 's or any other local fuck head 's rule . 
  europe has to get elbow dirty with middle east , and fix the problems locally , remove the cause for mass emigration , not trying to accomodate millions of people , and leave `` bad men '' inside isis 's borders . 
  the thing is that we can not take the wealthy that can reach europe , and do bugger all to help the ones who are left behind - that would be economical discrimination . 
  do you want to bring them all here ? 
  and please , do n't forget about palestinians . 
  it 's high time that the northern hemisphere actually does something , to solve problems that it created during the colonial era , which for some countries , like france or us is not even actually over yet . 
  and this will be a feat , cause for 60 fucking years - pardon me - we were not able to even fix israelian neighbourhood . 
  what . 
  is n't italian meat expensive ? 
  you can earn more on fake internal product than on genuine imported one ? 
  no , no . 
  that was forced upon us by the germans . 
  they brought it along , during the times of the er ... cultural exchage tours . 
  it 's stone mimicry . 
  the north remembers !, 
  wait ... was n't ireland about 6m around 2012 ? 
  oh my god , that burns . 
  seriously though , any country could repatriate 20k people from another  5m country . 
  ^ on ^ a ^ second ^ thought : hum ... maybe not any from any , but lots from lots :p, 
  was n't ussr suppressing the liberty it `` returned '' to you some 10 years after ? 
  anyway , obviously i wo n't be telling you what to do with yours , but when it comes to ussr monuments and `` gifts '' in poland , i 'm happy to leave them where they are , if only they hold a bolded text `` they tried , they failed . 
  better luck next time !, 
  it 's a vicious circle , you know . 
  the fences are bare , so they seem higher than necessary , so they become in need of heightening :p, 
  huh . 
  i must 've been confusing something else with the russian embassy . 
  will investigate on site :p, 
  i always wanted to trigger the american intelligence service with something suspicious and then go back to regular life . 
  have them hear me pee several times in a day for nothing . 
  but i was afraid it operates like the kgb - now there is a case , so there must be some guilt , even if fabricated . 
  thanks :d, 
  yup , also in polish , they are called `` indyk '' , since `` india '' is `` indie '' . 
  does n't work in english though , 
  and turkeys from turkey ... owait , they did come through turkey :(, 
  it 's ironic that everytime i 'm trying to make a joke using the fact that we are stereotypically alcoholics , it turns out that we just really are alcoholics xd, 
  sorry i 've gotten confused by my own rant :p do you mean that people ca n't - tell poland from holland - holland from the netherlands - tell that the netherlands are not a vice den ? 
  stories and plots do n't come out of void . 
  you 'd be surprised how many criminal stories were based - not inspired - on true crimes . 
  people are pretty despicable , it 's what we excel at it would seem . 
  the netherlands , i beg of you . 
  it 's like whenever a pole goes abroad , to the southern hemisphere , and the locals ask them `` where are you from '' , the response is apparently always `` poland '' and the locals go `` ah !, 
  holland !, 
  marijuana !, 
  brothels ! '' . 
  let us let it on the side that it 's incorrect , do you really want to mess with the brains of a whole hemisphere by putting `` poland '' and `` holland '' together ? 
  - edit : i 've read the source afterwards only to find out that it 's polish . 
  now i will burn in ethernal shame :(, 
  well , not entirely daily , but since we require alcohol to get through the working day it 's essenstial to stock up when the prices are lowest . 
  that 's basically how we got through the economical crisis with enough money to still consume like before . 
  i 'd imagine that it 's offensive to imply that a french ( wo ) man does n't know how much a croissant cost . 
  it 's like implying i would have to google current per liter vodka pricing . 
  but before or after the union was made ? 
  after , the dukes were sort of governors ( if i am not mistaken ) , while the lithuanian kings were rulling from poland ( a nifty trick that was :p ) , but before i guess dukes would be the same as kings , just not recognized by the west . 
  either way it seems to me , you had multiple kings :p happy celebration ,
