   is it the same in poland ? 
  how popular are the trotskyists ? 
  this is a more interesting discussion  sadly i do n't know much about it . 
  i majored in philosophy whence my knowledge of marxism , but i have no political interest in it . 
  and since communism is banned as ideology in poland there is no communist party , or associacion even . 
  how this functions as academic divagations i would n't be able to tell . 
  most people i ever talked about communism seriously , however , were non knowingly agreeing with each other , when mistaking leninism-stalinism for straight out marxism , and were putting moral blame on marx . 
  which is hilarious , given how marx was against working class privately :d  and private property became a dominant feature of human societies the past few hundred years , so its pretty bold to call it a `` basic human condition '' . 
  that why i wrote `` possession '' , because to possess things or in other words the concept of belongings , as far as we know , is basic human conditions . 
  not arguing against what you said earlier though . 
  maybe i need to revisit _ capital _ ...  marxism is analysis . 
  an analytical system is hardly utopian . 
  even if you only focus on the the prescriptive part of it , it is still quite rational and scientific - to the extend that sociology and economics can be scientific . 
  that i will happily agree with . 
  as long as you do n't draw practical conclusions , marxism can not be utopian - as would n't any system that describes reality . 
  and i do appreciate this description , because even , or maybe most significantly marx admits there are no free meals . 
   you ca n't be a historical materialist and an idealist . 
  it just do n't make sense . 
  not in terms of metaphysics or onthology , no . 
  but i meant idealist in the casual meaning of someone does not stay in touch with reality with their practical solutions . 
  as mentioned before i do not think that marxist description of capitalism is wrong , i just think that the practical consequence of the poli-economical system are not pragmatic . 
  it 's funny how they are full of russophobia , but at the same time do everything they can to strenghten putin 's geopolitical position . 
  it 's why i would never vote for them ; not the views , but the incompetence . 
  in that regard law and justice is much more left i believe with bloated social spending they are now promising . 
  in few years they may seriously push public spending off balance . 
   it is the exact opposite of what you suggest . 
  he wrote : `` the philosophers have only interpreted the world , in various ways . 
  the point , however , is to change it . '', 
  this is generally understood as marx 's statement of intent to move away from abstract philosophy to a rational , historical examination of society . 
  thanks for that i could n't find it anywhere in my books . 
  and yes , but the world was supposed to be changed by philosophers . 
  maybe i was n't clear on that . 
  marx wanted to change the role of philosophy to proceed with exactly what you wrote was his aims . 
  it 's similar social engineering to what plato wanted to do in his republic . 
   this is why marx claims that his word was , essentially , scientific . 
  but empirical science emerged from philosophical method , and the view that there is no knowledge that does n't come from empiria is philosophical . 
  dialectic materialism was also not empirical at all , since its method was hegel 's dialectic , which is purely rational not empirical . 
  unless you mean something else than positivism by `` scientific '' . 
   without the `` naive '' part , which is low , i mean come on man , he was the first dude to tackle these problems . 
  no worries , there is no detriment in that . 
  in philosophy `` naive '' just means extreme . 
  like epistomological realism is claim that what we perceive actually exist , and as perceived . 
  naive realism is claim that only what we perceive exist . 
  so its just a technical term that later on i believe got the casual meaning of not being likely . 
  and this i guess comes from the fact that most `` naive '' philosophical views are not very likely . 
  but also , marx was very much an idealist , which brings us to :  where do you get this from ? 
  there is nothing utopian . 
  this sounds like libertardian nonsense . 
  first of all , attaching tags is ad personam , because my views does n't matter . 
  i do have socialist-ish core , admittedly covered with libero-conservatism duvet . 
  that does n't affect the fact of whether or not was marxism an utopia . 
  and it totally was , just like plato 's republic , or the morus ' one . 
  even more so than plato , because he wanted total social control , not being clear if it would achieve perfect social alignment with his metaphisical idealism , which was only aim . 
  while marx really wanted to achieve results , which were perfect social harmony and justice due to denying the right to possession in favor of perfectly working redistribution of goods . 
  it has some face value , because people mostly quarrel over possession , but its because we are constructed to possess . 
  so marxism goes against basic human condition , which is unrealistic and makes his theory an utopia . 
  do n't get me wrong i respect marx , and i do n't mix marxism with leninism as most people do . 
  marxism was much purer , but because it was not actually being implemented . 
  i think that trockism is the best possible implementation that marxism could get , and it was not really being implemented . 
  it will always collapse , because you would need hume 's perfect observers to implement it , otherwise people will destroy it . 
  because , to trivialize it , `` who watches the watchers ? '' . 
  to those who say `` communism never got a fair chance '' i say `` yes '' . 
  but it 's because people falsified it with their actions , and they always will , so let 's just move on . 
  well he lived before communism was established as a political movement or government type ( not sure if before the paris naive communists though ) . 
  but then [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rujas/no_trade_deals_with_uk_until_brexit_is_complete/d55p6t9 ) . 
  but only when it comes to metaphysics . 
  for both of them the reality is heractlitean-like struggle of opposing forces that both end up in some sort of unification . 
  for marx it was unifying all people under singular , utopian reign , which comes out from the fact that he was naive materialist and realist . 
  there is only matter and what we perceive , so the reign is social , which is the higher level of abstraction he would perceive . 
  this is well seen in a quote from him , where he states that philosohpers are people who aim at changing the world . 
  hegel , on the other hand , was spiritualist . 
  der geist is what is reality , and we and all that we perceive is an aspect of that geist . 
  and the aspects struggle to ultimately come as one , when the geist becomes self-aware . 
  hegels method of describing of the world ( dialectic ) as ever changing struggle of extremes or maybe better called antipodes ( perfect antipodes , where three things can be antipodal to themselves perfectly , like three lines crossing all at right angle ) that ultimately come together as one is used almost verbatim by marx , to describe the same process applied to social classes and matter in general . 
  it 's even called `` dialectical materialism '' , where you could argue , hegel 's model could be called `` dialectical spiritualism '' . 
  so , marxism is basically heglism meets naive socialism and materialism . 
  but you are kind of reinforcing my point . 
  it is so complicated that people should be grateful , and i am , that there are people who will boil it down and put into an hour lecture . 
  just watch 5 those lectures , it 's 5 hours of one 's time . 
  and then think about it instead of day dreaming . 
  it was no doubt the most important decision made by public since ... 
  i do n't even know , so let 's settle for since the beginning of 20th century . 
  and people were taking it , while not being sure what eu is ? 
  based on appalling set of easy to digest information pulp that was complete fiction ( pun intented ) . 
  sorry , i get heated because it is so sad to hear `` people are tired of experts '' or `` the remain campaign should dumb down information more '' . 
  it is offensive to sensibility and , however foolish it is , i expect more of people . 
  i think the question ultimately is whether to support uk in leaving eu , making it easy on them and help them financially with the transition . 
  and obviously the answer will be `` no '' . 
  we have not had a general outcry about fucking greece over , and they actually did cooperate , ruining the economy after stretching it beyond limit . 
  so why help uk , which is in much better economical situation , and has freely chosen to leave ? 
  it should get a fair deal , not charitable . 
  that would be the worst outcome for the uk . 
  eu will start alienating the country , politically and economically , while tightening the bonds between remaining countries . 
  and no one on the northern hemisphere will want to deal with them due to the unclear status . 
  so i think never ever is a no-no . 
  i do n't think legal , more likely economical ( or at least on top of those ) . 
  small country like norway has significantly worse negotiating position than something as big as eu . 
  norway do n't want to get worse settlement than the eu , and the easiest thing is to wait for uk / eu deal for a point of reference . 
  and i think , when saying there will be no billateral talks now , the norwegian pm actually means `` we hope uk will just enter eea '' . 
  this imo would be the best outcome for the `` singular '' european countries when dealing with the uk .
