  year after year i hear this and it is n't pleasurable and it does n't leave room for contemplation , the senses are too preoccupied . 
  but i do n't complain . 
  i think the aim is to let you feel like those people then . 
  and it could n't have been pleasurable feeling to them . 
  sorry , i 'll elaborate : `` ridiculus '' to me means `` having no support in facts '' . 
  i 'll agree to `` most improbable '' , but hypothesis with no actual support in reality just should n't be investigated . 
   even most ridiculous theory should be treated as propable until proven otherwise instead of dismising it alltogether . 
  just no . 
   blackmailing journalists ? 
  i think you got things mixed up . 
  it was the businessman that he allegedly intended to blackmail . 
  `` you should throw away the concept of nationalism , and embrace the concept of copying french '' . 
  yeah , the positive statics do n't matter much i think ( only greece : best at everything and blaming germany for everything xd ) . 
  only the negative ones are interesting . 
  yup . 
  i remember , when i was at high school , a scandal that was spurred by one german girl from students exchange ( i do n't know how to name it , a whole class from our german partner school came by visiting ) saying she 's proud to be german . 
  again , coalition forces are violating geneva conventions in afghanistan on a daily basis , in spirit . 
  but they are not liable , because there is no war going on officially . 
  no one never declared war on anyone else . 
  now , what is war ? 
  * is it situation when two sides accept it diplomatically * when one side declares it , despite the other not accepting it * when two sides admit there 's war going on , or only one side * or maybe simply when armed operations are taking place against some side , not necessarily a country too i think that you are confusing morality with law . 
  i 'm not saying that these soldiers did the right thing ; most likely their actions came from hate alone . 
  but these two were not a country ( and they are dead right now ) , and secondly there 's no war going on that the g.c. 
  would recognize as a war . 
  we say `` gang wars '' , there are horrible things happening during these , yet no one is invoking g.c. 
  on trials of gang members . 
  or look at the ongoing conflict in gaza . 
  israel is causing * major * civilian deaths by performing actions it officially calls military operations , but no country ( short of arabic ) has accused it of committing war crimes , because there is no war . 
  there is also the problem of scale . 
  if whole divisions would use this to fool other major field units then it would be a war crime . 
  but actions made by two soldiers does not make ukraine commit war crimes , even though their actions were despicable . 
  yes , of course . 
  but i abstract from the specific case ; i just mean the actual rule , and how it is formulated ( maybe this is just a mistake in the wiki ) . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  geneva conventions are legal act not moral directive . 
  they apply in situation of war , a legally declared war . 
  how else do you think coalition forces would be able to use banned munitions in afghanistan ? 
  xd seriously :  one side promises to act in good faith ( e.g. , by raising a flag of surrender ) with the intention of breaking that promise once the enemy has exposed themselves ( e.g. , by coming out of cover to capture or kill the enemy ) . 
  so you ca n't use perfidy to outsmart enemy who in turn intends to kill surrendering enemy ? 
  this is just golden . 
   then a good handful 700 + are t-90 's , a much later tank then americas m1 abrams or germany 's leopard 2 the two latter are in constant development and the older versions are being updated though . 
  you suggest that eu but non nato country is a go go then ? 
  they would n't i was recently assured , because they live in eu , so putin 's economical/geopolitical bullshit is ineffective , 
  there 's was this saying in russia '' \u041a\u0443\u0440\u0438\u0446\u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u0442\u0438\u0446\u0430 , \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0430 '' - a hen is not a bird , and poland is not abroad . 
  nah , china is busy colonizing russian borderland . 
   voluntarily they have no political nor economical alternative . 
  and they can always be even closer to russia ; they can be inside it . 
  and there 's oil involved . 
  everyone 's strategy was awful unfortunately . 
  germans reinvented warfare that 's why they won at the time , on paper their forces were nothing compared to french army alone . 
  and given that france and uk would move into germany fast enough , they could 've occupy whole country in matter of days . 
  german army was really thin at the time , and most of the forces were in poland , ensuring fast conquest . 
  what was left in the vaterland consisted in great majority of militia , reserves and home defence . 
  yup . 
  they would n't be able to commit nor to * deploy * all those forces . 
  these were different times . 
  the doctrine of both uk and france at the time was attrition war and a total one . 
  harming germany had equal meaning to helping poland , as far as military doctrines went . 
  and here comes the infamous saar offensive , during which french army got deep into germany and without meeting any resistance they pulled out after two weeks . 
  so yea . . 
  but it 's not the time to quarrel over dead history . 
  the only thing that 's important right now , is to stop with the appeasement policy towards russia - that scenario can not repeat itself . 
  that does n't necessarily means involving eu in military operations , but we got to have stronger stance against russia 's wrongdoings . 
  we need a bypass of nato and creation of joint baltic-polish ( maybe broader ) response force . 
  nato treaties does n't secure us . 
  in case we request help , allies are obliged to help but they choose the measures . 
  it can be anything from blankets to leaflets to actual help . 
  we need closer ties than that . 
  i for one will never accept what 's happening to you right now . 
  i suppose we are just scared - the people - because our leaders fail to provide any help to you , as so the obvious question is , are they fit to even save us . 
  the wrong part is particularism . 
  i want firm and unison quick reactions on behalf of whole europe . 
  i do n't even mean aggressive nor escalating . 
  but i want lines that can not be crossed lightly and i want one voice . 
  i may sound aggressive , but that 's because i 'm angry with our presidents , chancellors and prime ministers . 
  i 'm tired of this triumvirate : those who are concerned , those who do business and those who do n't give a damn . 
  about the war : i do n't want it - i respect and care for russian people , they are slavs just like ukrainians and poles , and many other nations in the eastern/southern europe - and i fear it . 
  but also i want to know that when all boundaries are broken we are ready to face the threat . 
  i apologise , i did n't intend to attack you personally ; i meant the general mindset of the western leaders . 
  i 'm just annoyed and terrified with the inaptitude displayed in this matter , hence i do not formulate my thoughts carefully enough . 
  which is my fault nonetheless . 
  they gave them up for uk and us guarantees of their territorial integrity . 
  but since no one is * officially * invading ( exactly as in the case of crimea ) there is zero need for help . 
  we will just continue to not annoy mr. putin and it will be all alright . 
  oh and good luck trying to convince iran to can their nuclear program in exchange for protection against all the sunnis around . 
  i 'm not calling for immediate war , i think that violent solution should be the very last resort . 
  but i do n't feel that any of european leaders - that have leverage in eu - is ready to take responsibility for it , even if baltic states or poland got invaded . 
  and what makes matters worse , while eu has no one clear leader , the leaders of european states are going in different directions instead of presenting one and firm reply to putin . 
  there are some countries in europe that does n't even concern what russia is doing an issue yet for crying out loud . 
  thanks for giving a though to an argument . 
  that 's even rarer skill than giving the argument , 
  following your logic : if you 'd be buying something from me , partially letting me support myself , but one day you 'd find better deal and stop coming to my shop i should go and beat you up so you 'd still buy from me . 
  you want to play chess on a downhill bike ride . 
  sometimes there 's not enough time to think , or it 's already too late . 
  this is the problem of european leaders right now , they all lack guts and want to move out of the situation unscathed , saving both ukraine and their business with russia , and also win the following elections . 
  they rationalize instead of acting . 
  / u/rebbrown has named some problems of eu , which are nothing compared to problems russia has right now . 
  putin is bold because we let him be bold ; we made him bold . 
  he 's like a spoiled brat , who needs to be tempered . 
  but how can he be tempered if we speak to him with the voice of our kanzlerin , who becomes the new chamberlain .
