  comparison of course not to scale , but still i think on point . 
  edit : typos, 
  i have the opposite problem . 
  i hate when people say and blame russia and russians , for things that putin did . 
  apples -  cider -  ethanol apples -  cows -  methanol : , 
  that 's the * spirit * :d, 
  i would rather translate it as `` salad of dread '' . 
  and there is really an abundance of '' ... of dread '' objects here . 
  `` cheese of dread '' , `` kettle of dread '' , `` drunk train driver of dread '' , `` perch-pike of dread '' . 
  here is the [ `` salad of dread '' ] ( http://pieniadze.fakt.pl/zepsute-salatki-splesniale-i-smierdzace-salatki-zepsuta-grecka-salatka,artykuly,155492,1.html ) : it was supposed to be a healthy meal with a tasty salad . 
  krzysztof mamos ( 38 yo ) did n't however even taste the greek snack he had bought . 
  - it was enough for me to open the packaging . 
  i was struck by disgusting odor , i saw mold on the vegetables and immediately i run back to shop , to return these `` vitamins '' - the buyer spoke . 
  mister mamos did not expect , whilst shopping at grocer in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , such an unpleasant surprise . 
  - i have been living in sweden for couple of years , and i came to visit poland with my swedish friends . 
  i wanted to eat something polish and healthy . 
  that salad was looking really good . 
  lady who passed it to me took it out of fridge . 
  best before date has not yet expired as well - client spoke . 
  unfortunately , the healthy meal was undone . 
  - after opening the plastic i saw stale , yellowish cabbage , moldy paprika with something hairlike growing on it ans spoiled cucumber . 
  i 'm not even going to describe the smell of it . 
  mister mamos paid 6.80 z\u0142 * for the ill-fated salad . 
  - i did n't even want my money back . 
  i did n't want to return the salad , because i feared it might find it 's way back onto shelf . 
  and this would be simply unacceptable . 
  would it be bought by some elderly person it could give them digestive problems once eaten . 
  so instead i notified sanepid * - the man spoke . 
  * a liter of gas is ~ 5.40 z\u0142 , a beer in a pub is ~ 10z\u0142 * national health inspection the translation is obviously not as good as / u/lared930 's would have been but it has to suffice :p my all time favorite title is : `` my husband used me to till the field with '' . 
  edit : some formatting . 
  cause there 's no preview below , right ? 
   100 years general brusilov destroyed all austrian divisions , 70 years ago soviet army occupied austria , we stationed there to 1955 , we should not have left austria this gave me cancer . 
  but it was perfectly predictable that conchita will win . 
  eurovision is like idol or x-factor : if you 'll bring a child you will have a place in finals . 
  and conchita is an emotional equivalent of thousand disabled children . 
  wow , this reminds me of a trick germans used during wwii to obtain information about weather conditions over london , of which i learned recently . 
  they 're listening to live transmissions of big ben 's bell to obtain the data from how the bell sounded . 
  all of these are quite mind blowing . 
  metar weather report used in civilian aviation for comparison : metar vhhh 041830z 34011kt 3200 - dz br few007 sct014 17/16 q1018 nosig, 
  that would be indeed ironic :d and sad :( imagine those billions of $ going to waste all around the globe for operations costs of this system and attempts to decode/put it into any context . 
  they can serve as back up system in place for something going wrong . 
  plus , if something lands on your inbox/sms , you 're likely intended recipient , with one-way radio there is n't such certainty . 
  so it 's a more covert way of delivering messages . 
   can someone give me a scenario where `` stealth '' tank armor is useful ? 
  troops relocation , basically information war . 
  and of course radar/ir guided weaponry . 
  it is true that this vehicle will be still susceptible to ground based at troops . 
  but if i were given a choice of a tank that 's stealth or not , i would be taking stealth :p, 
  maybe not the ugliest , but the least readable . 
  did you mean paleontologist instead , by any stretch ? 
  hahahaha . 
  us nationals should relly stop patronizing eu states , and instead try to convince their own government to come and have some of the cake that us helped baking . 
  well , no but they should n't leave women and children there alone , just because they believe women are not worth anything , as human beings , and so they can be left out to suffer . 
  and the part about medical staff leaving ? 
  it 's just cowardice . 
  sorry , but it is . 
  i believe in ordo caritatis . 
  as europeans we should care , about what 's going on there , and i believe that irc and dwb are doing great job there ( being of course not only europeans ) . 
  but should we care more than syrian people ? 
  no , no , no . 
  it 's a part of our skyline . 
  there are three like that in poland alone , and yet this one is the only known in the country and world . 
  besides , why do we so much freak out about ussr monuments and buildings ? 
  did we not watch them crumble , after they tried to submit us ? 
  we are the victors , both morally and de facto , why the hell not show off our spoils ? 
  these monuments are all like a scalp . 
  all we need to do is to paint a sentence , like `` you tried , you died , better luck next time '' all over them . 
  why not ? 
  we could make a trade with them . 
  all of their monuments , for the freaking plane . 
  question is , does germany really want to reintroduce toll laws , over middle eastern crisis . 
  i 'm not sure if being left with 10m refugees and tolls all around is such a good deal . 
  ^ edit : ^ i ^ say ^ `` germany '' , ^ but ^ i ^ mean ^ `` merkel '' . 
  do n't make their mistake , and do n't confuse politicians with the people . 
  or some here even . 
  problem is post-modern mentality , which exludes systemic thinking . 
  so instead of systemic solution they look for `` let 's do what we can '' , offering assylum to the percentage of those in need that happen to turn up here , but leaving the rest overboard . 
  i see this everyday in work , and i work in software qa . 
  hum . 
  i share the sentiment , but it 's unfortunately what i observe . 
  apparently it 's also wikipedia 's [ opinion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols ) . 
  sigh . 
  can you comprehend that one can report on a view , while not sharing it ? 
  i submit ... edit : i know that and you know that , let 's say for the sake of argument , all who frequent this sub know that . 
  but majority of people in poland do not follow social media , but rather still are in the traditional media scheme . 
  and one thing traditional media do not is they do not follow up on stories . 
  there is not way in which polish people think , as `` polish people '' is an abstract . 
  i 'm basing my words on the attitude of my friends , co-workers and other acquaintances . 
  there was not any poll that would cover this , as far as i am aware . 
  and i get that other countries invest in poland for their own benefit . 
  and also i do n't see this `` help '' as due ; at least no more so than russia is due money to us for forcing marshall 's plan opt out , or hungary is due money to italy for attila 's conquest of rome . 
  it would be perhaps just , but if ww2 tought me anything is that revisionism , being tinkering in history , is the shortest path to violence . 
  and more to the point , in the current political climate it would not be purposeful , since europe was until recently not going to shit , and maybe we can still save it from this fate . 
  all i am saying is that there were nationalistic sentiments rising all over europe anyway , due to the economical crisis . 
  and that merkel is not prudent in adding fuel to the fire . 
  and for clarity might i add that i am mild federationalist myself ? 
   still here in belgium our companies have to compete with wages that are considerably lower in countries in east european countries like poland . 
  if only i could raise my wage to make you suffer less . 
  seriously , i do n't see this as a valid complaint . 
  it 's not like the wages here are being kept low on purpose .
