  it 's a trap we have gotten ourselves into : we wo n't sacrifice the business by standing up to putin , so he gets both business and conquest , because it 's the only logical outcome . 
  you want me/us to answer what should we do ? 
  first rule of combat is : does n't matter if you 're doing something wrong or right , until you all do it at the same time . 
  right now our governments are doing anything but that , while putin 's new napoleon : dividing and conquering . 
  yup . 
  we would turn them into white whales reservation . 
  yeah , but not being at war does n't mean you ca n't be occupied . 
  anyway , i stand corrected . 
  thanks , 
  was n't sweden occupied durin ww2 ? 
  i think it was . 
  it did n't worked out well for anyone who tried it but swiss . 
  and that 's not an accusation . 
  it just shows that money talks even to most fanatical lunatics xd, 
  when nationalists were last time at power here , [ this ] ( http://img.sadistic.pl/pics/a1ff83d4d368.jpg ) idea came about to mock their vision of poland 's international influence ( vs. their government 's real effectiveness ) . 
  there was even [ wiki ] ( http://wielkapedia.wikia.com/wiki/strona_g%c5%82%c3%b3wna ) made for this alternate reality and a [ news page ] ( http://www.wielkarzeczpospolita.net/ ) interpreting news according to this geopolitical mock up . 
  therefore i 'm very sorry , but i do n't think you can top that magnitude of megalomania , even if it 's only sarcastic :p, 
  that 's not an issue . 
  if russia wants to invade scotland , it will just parachute `` citizens of russian ancestry '' over the desired region . 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.newrepublic.com/article/119182/jihadists-buy-islam-dummies-amazon ) here . 
  on a serious note though , i think you should notify the police , only after making sure he went there to support terrorist groups . 
  one more meat shield is not that dangerous to risk ruining his life ( and yours on the way ) . 
  quick !, 
  we should organize humanitarian aid convoy carrying maps to russia . 
  theirs are clearly outdated . 
   yes , they 'll look to diversify their export destinations . 
  it 's not like they have a choice now . 
  though i wonder why they did n't think of diversifying their export destinations when they realised russia could very well be dictating the prices of their apples ? 
  i 'm not saying it was able to do that . 
  i 'm only saying that if this trend would continue it could end with russia dictating prices . 
  it is a forced decision now , to diversify , but it 's a positive necessity . 
  and as our saying goes , poles work best with a knife next to their throat . 
   what i 'm mocking here is that despite knowing that poland is dependant on russia for some of its exports , they went ahead and supported the eu-us sanctions against russia , acting like russia is powerless because poland 's allied with the eu and us and nothing can hurt them . 
  it 's not like that . 
  i told you we are accustomed to russian embargoes , so do you think we did n't know that some will follow our position in eu on the matter ? 
  i ca n't speak on behalf of whole poland , but poles i know are pretty idealistic , comparatively to the rest of the world . 
  you can call it impractical - and you will be right - you can call it insensible - and you will be right - you can call it hopelessly romantic - and you will be right - but that 's what the majority of us is . 
  and we love to show how things that are aimed at hurting poles or poland are not a thing to us . 
  besides , we have fresh memories of empire-wannabies annexing countries next to us . 
  so it 's better to sacrifice some profit than to wake up in another country one day . 
  again . 
   the same thing applies to the eu . 
  the us does n't have much to lose when sanctioning russia , but the eu does . 
  sometimes money is not the greatest of concerns . 
  there is another polish saying : better to die with head raised up than to live your life on knees . 
  the anti-german part is pretty important in all this . 
  first of all it was really localized piece . 
  it was written by maria konopnicka as a protest to the germanization in prussian partition of poland . 
  so it was meaningful only to those people who lived there ( the others were russian and austro-hungary partition , of which the third was actually pretty civilized when it comes to the treatment of poles , as they were not treated with disrespect and differently than any other national minorities inside the empire ) . 
  as the movements to free and reunify polish partitions were born , there was a need for an anthem that would be universally understandable and possible to relate for all these groups of poles , who were very different after 123 years of partition . 
  mazurek d\u0105browskiego just makes more sense , since it 's about returning to the homeland , preparing to fight for independence , militarily and politically . 
  while rota is about preserving the polish culture and identity against state that actively wanted to destroy it . 
  nevertheless rota was assumed as an anthem by some polish political parties , including existing ones ( polish people 's faction f.i. 
  ) , and by some polish diasporas ( f.i. 
  in lithuania , but very shortly ) . 
  during the last years of communism in poland it was even rewritten as anti-soviet song . 
  personally i love it . 
  it is somewhere deep inside me , and i always hear it , when learning about horrible things that were happening to some of my compatriots . 
  but i would n't want it to be our anthem . 
  first of all it 'd be awkward to host anyone from germany :d but secondly , i do n't think it should be brought up casually . 
  i like to hear it from time to time , being sung as an artistic performance , but i hate when people do it on the streets or inside churches . 
  for me it 's our nation 's last resort weapon , or rather preservative ; of our culture and national spirit . 
  we are not by far ( knock , knock , knock ) in a situation that would require such a measure today . 
  incidentally enough , we in poland have adopted the same joke when game of thrones came out , to picture the seasonal `` unfortunate delivery problems '' . 
  the truth is , the farmers were too dependant on the most volatile food market for poland . 
  this is n't the first time this happens . 
  especially popular when it 's time to renegotiate gas/oil prices or our government reiterates that we want to hold nato maneuvres/american bases here . 
  i am sympathetic with producers , but i try to see the good side of it . 
  it should push them to look for other markets , invest in storage capabilities , learn to advertise . 
  a great example of the latter has been given by the action you so shortsightedly mock here . 
  it has been positive on multiple levels , from making people to rethink their dietary habits to reintroducing apples to kids to turning public opinion towards the problem of economic patriotism . 
  it 's obvious that it wo n't make up for export , but it can broaden internal market , which is a value for the producers . 
  so all in all , although the situation will lead to one or two thinner years it can also lead to ultimately bigger growth than it would be possible it the exporters would still overinvest trade with russia . 
  embargo or not , do n't forget that if you import 90 or so percent of someone 's goods you can pretty much dictate prices . 
  if all this leads to diversification of export destinations the better fo the producers . 
  i could have said that palestinians are being occupied by israel . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the point is : do the circumstances change the nature of an act ? 
  and so did home army , greek and french resistance . 
  so why we call them `` freedom fighters '' and not `` terrorists '' ? 
  you 're sadly on point . 
  we all use the term `` terrorist '' since the beginning of xx century to mark someone as the enemy , righteously fought . 
  whether or not these enemies are righteously fought , the term is used to make us sure that we are the `` good guys '' . 
  west does it to the separatists in ukraine , russia does it to the separatists in chechnya , israel does it to hamas and nazis were doing it to resistance movements across europe . 
  so i think it 's worth reiterating that these people are separatists , and are being fought by ukraine , which we verbally support , because their actions are illegal and most likely are supported by russia , which wants to secure influence in the region . 
  parading these soldiers does not make the separatists terrorists . 
  it just makes them [ assholes ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/65254197/%23emotes/you%27readouche.gif ) . 
  it always surprises me , how turning of countries that tasted soviet love towards fascists ( using your definition ) is surprising to russian mainstream ( i 'm not saying you represent it ) . 
  it 's like saying `` hey , we got there , started looting and fiddling with their economy , made people poor and were casually killing enemies of the revolution , and at the first sight of german tanks they turned fascists . 
  what gives ? '', 
  look !, 
  i 'm a separatist republic of poland !, 
  i sprung overnight , after seeing these two conspiring against humanity . 
  why would they need european office ? 
  wait ... d :, 
  but comcast is pure evil , man . 
  at least that 's what i 'm getting from those posts there :p i 'd also like to see those subreddits though . 
  yea ... same here . 
  the counter-demonstrating is only a premise to go and punch someone . 
  from what i 'm getting the separatists are hiding under civilians ' skirts , which is very difficult situation for any military ( but israeli ) , because you want to minimize collateral civilian deaths .
