  and i am aware of what you said , as i wrote , my domain is quid pro quod politics . 
  i only said that this attitude is not widespread here . 
  do you also oppose vaccination shots ? 
  edit : what do you think `` evolved '' means ? 
  the measurement of evolutionary succsess is not iq , but reproductory success . 
  do you deny them that ? 
  iq is something humans regard as positive , not something universally positive . 
  evolution , long term , causes the species to adapt to the environmental circumstances , which in this case is oppression . 
  and we can basically treat europeans , and say africans , as separate species , because they were barely mating . 
  please , read some darwin first . 
  and do n't mix evolution with civilization . 
  but this distribution also has its origin ... average iq is not something fixed , it can move up and down in time . 
  well , maybe because their countries were build by europeans , with sheer aim to exploit them and their land , while keeping under control with inspired clan wars . 
  and then , upon sudden realisation of how immoral that is , caused partially by the holocaust , they were left to rot . 
  while i do not support the idea of letting them in to europe i think you need better perspective on why africa and the middle east is where it is now . 
  they are behind us in terms of civilization growth , because they were kept there for centuries by europeans . 
  all they know , hundreds of years back , is tyranny an opression - the idea imprinted in them by european rule . 
  so europe does have responsibility towards them . 
  i remember a campaign , in one of the opec countries , aimed at western tourists , so that they remember they are not in the west , while staying there , and so they abide sharia law , out of respect . 
  if only it would be mutual ... 
  the most widespread fear here is that the muslims will try to force their customs here . 
  it 's of course impossible for 12 thousand people to overthrow our political , customary and civic system , but as they will most likely form a tight group , the people fear this in their local environment . 
  so it 's not about being a muslim or of arabic or persian descent per se . 
  we have a very well blended in diaspora of tatars in the eastern part of the country , who are muslims ... whose representatives have spoken against letting migrants in , in fact . 
  people fear that the migrans will spur out of control and will try to pull off similar thing to those german muslim citizens , who tried to enforce sharia law . 
  do mind that i am not stating that these fears are rational ( fear rarely is ) . 
  i am just trying to give you a more objective perspective , on why people here are afraid of the migration waves from the middle east . 
  apart from these , there are of course also radicals ... 
   besides , you did n't hear poles complaining when they took hundreds of thousands of ukrainians . 
  which more or less shows that the main opposition they have is with `` islamization '' . 
  i think that the problem lies with sharia law . 
  people here are fed with images of western muslim ghettoes that have their own laws , muslims that defy laws and force their customs upon locals . 
  we hate that . 
  in polls it shows that a mind boggling percentage of poles are catholics , but the reality is that they are customary catholics , not catholics by faith . 
  even if they go to church , they will choose their church ( in the cities ) based on their views , and how the priests in the church are inline with those . 
  hell , there are even catholic sects here , with people celebrating pre-trent council mass , because the do n't like the post one . 
  so above all , when it comes to religion , the people here will oppose any kind of force used to spread views or behavior . 
  also when it comes to ukrainians , some of us still feel guilty towards them . 
  of course , the volhynia cleanses are a known event , but people more and more understand that it was a fruit of our alienating politics , rooting back to xvi century . 
  and we do n't have such feelings towards the people of middle east . 
  it was not us , who were doing these people harm - and much more recently . 
  so some people really does n't protest the migrants as much , as eu ( german ) policy of proportional quotas , because it was the western europe that fucked up middle east , drawing lines in the sand during the colonial era and could n't solve it after ww2 , while also fucking up poland pre and during ww2 . 
  so merkel really sets off wrong tones , patronizing central europe and talking it down , suggesting that we leech money from eu funds , being a chancellor of a country that caused our countries to need them , in the past . 
  as naive as this is , people here often see eu funds as historical justice , which sets up the mood . 
  while i myself do not support the idea of bringing the refugees to eu at all , but rather solving their problems where they live , i am more about quid pro quod , realpolitik , approach - in face of the fact that this has been pretty much decided already . 
  but not much people i know here shares this approach . 
  some definitely are , which is only made stronger by the fact , that unfortunately our political standards are far lower . 
  i would be willing to bet , that here such statement would pass . 
  and it 's not because of the fact that people would be pleased , but because politicians here have one of the lowest trust rates , among public trust workers . 
  and so people have really low expectations of them . 
  unless you really meant me , in which case : no i did not believe he actually said that . 
  but i 'm in a habit of checking my facts , as i am not a very religious man , 
  thank you , 
  so he 's basically saying that they will not compromise the number of accepted refugees in a debate , but will push for the `` all are welcome policy '' . 
  got it . 
  as i say , it was sketchy too me as soon as i have seen the adwords density  the link was sent to me in a discussion , and so i only wanted to confirm what i suspected . 
  thanks for the translation !, 
  well , he expressed his opinion , just like are expressing yours - completely opposite at that - but you both do n't have any substantial evidence to back them up . 
  and the truth likely is that some migrants came here to work , some are happy in turkey for being safe , and some are welfare leaches . 
  and if it is a crime to say something that makes a group of people look unjustly bad , and i agree it should , should n't it also be a crime when someone makes certain group of people look unjustly good ? 
  i am feeling empathy , but it 's a matter of efficiency and pragmatism . 
  the migrants want a stable and wealthy economy , so that their dreams can be sustained . 
  and i 'm not talking about welfare , but about jobs for them . 
  we ca n't deliver those , if we are poor ; not when accepting 80 millions refugees . 
  so taking them in , from this perspective , is a lose - lose situation . 
  we are worse off , and they are not living up to their dreams . 
  for me , a better solution is to reach to the middle east and help them establish a healthy economy there . 
  and to answer the national smear campaign  when poles were leaving poland for uk en masse , i was thinking the same - that they are leaving our economy behind , to work in low-tech environment , instead of securing polish wealth ; that they want instant gratification , instead of slowly grinding towards the top here . 
  we ca n't all live in the uk , and as such , the refugees ca n't all live in europe . 
  edit : and what i 'm most scared of is the lack of control . 
  instead of checking these people for connections with isis , or were some of them not a part of assad 's army , maybe commiting war crimes , we just open our borders . 
  no numbers , no theory , no projected impact , only `` welcome '' signs . 
  hahaha , and yet there is none . 
  act is an act , circumstances matter little . 
  that does not mean that sometimes you ca n't do something evil , if you have to ; as long as your act is right . 
  but then consider the fact that talking shit will only alienate and not convince . 
  and who are you ? 
  empathy police ? 
  if you play the political correctness game then play it fair . 
  the fact that you are empathetic and feel better than others , does not let you talk shit yourself . 
  that kind of rhetoric is not allowed on the pc board . 
  because it 's the law of hospitality , even in the middle east . 
  if you get into someone 's house , and he asks you to take off your shoes , you either take of the shoes or get out . 
  now , go and try entering a mosque with your shoes on . 
  i 'm not saying , it 's ok , how it is , but they should suffer it in patience , protesting and pleading of course , but not breaking the law . 
  i 'm gon na set aside that i believe we should not take them in at all , but rather go and help them secure a place to live in , in the middle east . 
  our economy is not strong enough to deal with splicing up another germany , in the next 10 years , as merkel has announced in her madness . 
  i think they confuse santa with welfare . 
  so as long , as it 's somewhere else , santa is safe . 
  that 's some strange way to approach war reparations . 
   i really hope that you one day will have to flee from civil war . 
  it would be really funny if it turned out that you are both from the same country . 
  it would be like calling your own father a ` motherfucker ' . 
  be careful with wishes . 
  also , it looks kinda like you have some weird kind of munchausen 's - you wish civil war on someone , so then you can feel pity for them ? 
  and remember that civil wars are rarely isolated to one person , so you wish a war on an entire nation , only to prove your point . 
  that 's self-righteous , if anything is . 
  and ultimately you might be at wrong . 
  he still may talk shit then . 
  and then what ?
