  but that 's just my personal preference . 
  my all time favorite is [ baginski 's `` history of poland '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2drxgj1nwn8 ) . 
  but it 's too long to be a proper promo . 
  and i guess you would n't like it either , because of the pathos load :p, 
  when it comes to beer there are many locally brewed ones that are easily accessible . 
  my favorite brands are ciechan , raciborskie , ksi\u0105\u017c\u0119ce , kasztelan and per\u0142a . 
  we have also a lot of beers brewed with addition of honey . 
  and these are great , especially the ones with `` gryczany '' honey , idk how to translate this . 
  this honey is very dark , and bees are fed [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fagopyrum ) to make it . 
  also when in poland try mead , but be sure to get `` p\u00f3\u0142torak '' - that basically means that the ratio of water to mead is 1.5:1 . 
  there are also 2:1 and 3:1 . 
  meads are also made of different honeys and this changes the taste of final product . 
  that 's funny , i thought [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g92yffujd_c ) was it :p but by all means , it 's going to be only more interesting if made into a contest , 
  yup , accent is strange but at least he does n't sound as if he had bricks in his mouth . 
  we are learning , step by step . 
  one of these days , we will finally decide whether we should call scientists who were born poles but worked abroad polish , or vice versa ; and we will hire attenborough to read the text . 
  btw . 
  nice touch with the checkboxes . 
  how do you do it ? 
  poland was never an empire . 
  one could argue that lithuanian-polish commonwealth was an empire , technically . 
  although it 's size was dubbed as `` stretched from sea to sea '' ( baltic to black sea ) and not `` whole known world '' or `` empire of rising sun '' . 
  [ this tiny bit ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/65254197/mapa_europy.gif ) is russia . 
  you know what was there before wwii ? 
  germany . 
  you want to bet russia will demand extraterritorial passageway there soon enough ? 
  nah , we just separate the two . 
  but yeah , pathos is something in our blood . 
  i suppose our blood cells are just white and red ... oh wait . 
  i suppose he just is american . 
  yeah , the accent is unfortunate , i admit that . 
  this is great idea . 
  we do n't have anything real like this in poland . 
  the only reminiscence i can think of are bars/pubs stylized as people 's republic of poland restaurants , but these do carry next to none educational value . 
  this ultimately convinces me that silesian i a language and not dialect . 
  we are so close yet so far : sadness :, 
  there are always those who hate people who do n't side with them . 
  even if the latter do n't side with anybody . 
  and if it 's true that they are riding under rc flags , and this affair goes hot it would be the end of rc . 
  no one would ever trust - and rightfully - in the neutrality of people under that insignia . 
  this to me would be like the burning of alexandria 's library . 
  over 150 years of dangerous and hard humanitarian work undone by one man 's ambition . 
  props for the pun xd, 
  counter argument to this are f.i. 
  death camps that are being maintained as memorials and mementos . 
  we do n't have soviet death camps in europe , but we have lenin 's statues ... 
  you 're right - as long as there 's some account of the history behind the man on the statue . 
  ~ ~ but i think the point is why would western countries erect statues of lenin in the first place . ~ ~ nevermind , explanation is down below by the op . 
  congratulations sweden , let it be 500 years + , 
  we in poland have the same joke about germany ... well we had about frg , during the socialist period . 
  no one thought germans were . 
  and they were n't on paper . 
  but they reinvented blitzkrieg ... ok , this analogy ends here :p though still , calling it `` butthurt '' , when civilians are dying ... seems not right . 
  in september 1939 french headlines reported that french soldiers will not die for some distant `` gda\u0144sk '' . 
  half a year later they were dying for paris . 
  and as one military historian wrote : `` overnight , dewoitine d. 520 , which was the best fighter france had at the time , became the best trainer germany had '' . 
  and so it helped german war effort , training pilots . 
  the reparations , also for stolen military equipment were of course paid only after the war . 
  so france has clearly learned from the history . 
  it now takes the money for weapons before they will be used against it . 
  well he also moved all crimean tatars to siberia . 
  that 's why during crimean crisis tatars sided with ukraine . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lon40k4wcbm ), 
  the article reports a broader statement from belarus and kazachstan , and says that they wo n't join no recent embargoes issued by russia in response to western sanctions . 
  it also analyzes that such position comes probably from the fact that russia wants badly to form euroasiatic trade organization , with belarus and kazachstan , and belarus plays this card to evade following russian politics . 
  you can into space though . 
  that 's definitely better than grenades . 
  or maybe they do n't know what people are capable of when equipped with the internet . 
  i do n't know what to think about it , but i 'd say that putin 's understanding of modern world is somewhat limited . 
  fair enough , i will check my facts . 
  but :  this makes no sense , byzantine the city existed a thousand years before rome even existed . 
    that byzantium was a city , established by greeks , which was taken as the capital of rome in the east , during the division of roman empire i never said anything to contradict the greek origin of the city . 
  that byzantium was a city , established by greeks , which was taken as the capital of rome in the east , during the division of roman empire and was later renamed to constantinopolis , in honor of constantine the great , who was a son of roman emperor constantius i , and first emperor of eastern rome . 
  even the word `` byzantium '' is latin , as in greek it was `` byzantion '' . 
  like i said . 
  culturally , byzantine empire took much from greece , but politically it was rome . 
  byzantium was greek in origin as a city , but not as an empire . 
  constantine i was roman , and the people of byzantine empire regarded themselves as romans . 
  though of course , rome in the east took much from greek culture ( language for one ) , it was n't political prolongation of greek states . 
  well greek downfall began already in roman times and one can argue it was total . 
  since then greece never rebuilt its former economical , cultural nor military power , always staying in shadow of greater bodies - byzantium and then ottoman empire . 
  so to some extent we should blame romans . 
  before independent and able to withstand attacks from other empires it became a province of a city , to which all roads ( taxes ) led . 
  the legend of archimedes being stroke down by roman soldier , while the former was possibly making mathematical discovery is a symbol of the fall of greek science and philosophy to me . 
  the following years brought decadence - fin des sciecle attitude - driven ideas and religious zaelotry , which one can explain with roman conquest . 
  greece is yet to be reborn . 
  but now it has best time to do so , since the roman times , as i feel . 
  which of course i can be misguided about . 
  i am of course aware of current economical situation , but as the roman saying goes : through toil to stars . 
  this is hilarious . 
  i mean it 's sad and scary , but also hilarious . 
  especially the nazi part . 
  it 's such a good excuse ... what they seem to forget about though is holodomor . 
  because maybe , just maybe , if stalin would n't starve to death 5 million people in ukraine , it would n't turn nazi later . 
  but that 's putin 's history logic . 
  whatever you did wrong will be remembered until the end of aeons . 
  whatever we did wrong did n't happen . 
  russia politically acts like an absolute monarchy , and these often intervened when other monarchies ' power was endangered . 
  just to ensure their own society does n't get any ideas . 
  to some extent that 's true .
