  civil war for nothing , man . 
  yeah , but that 's our perspective . 
  from their perspective it 's a law they should abide , and yet they do n't . 
  when you are cought by the rain and someone offers you a shelter of his car , do you go about changing the radio stations to your liking ? 
  ( and i 'm aware that one does n't get in the car in the first place , but examples have their limitations ) . 
  the average refugee has a smartphone . 
   ah yes , the old `` they want to get all this without doing anything for it . '', 
  and yes , totally , some of them probably want that , and we should give them the same kind of welfare that we give everyone else who is unemployed . 
  i 'm not saying that !, 
  i 'm saying that in order for them to have work our economy has to be strong , because once they have settled here , they are no longer `` them '' they are `` us '' . 
  and we need a strong economy to delived job opportunities . 
  i 'm not suggesting that they are n't here for work , i 'm suggesting that they are n't here to clean up toilets . 
  they expect higher living standard than the lowest paid worker . 
  so they to , even if not giving it a though , do n't want european economy to shrink , in order to fulfill their ambitions . 
   you do n't get to decide what is done with your taxes . 
  than i am a slave . 
   no , your solution does n't help anyone because you 're literally not doing anything . 
  you 're telling me that before we can do anything , we should ask the us for compensation . 
  not before doing anything . 
  before accepting the refugees . 
  i am all for going to the middle east and doing cleaning there . 
  and i have been like that for years . 
  what i really am is frustrated , that we were not able to solve any of the problems there before it all lead to humanitarian crisis . 
  i was sending multiple letters , signing petitions and otherwise trying to make politicians in poland to look in the direction of the middle east for years now . 
  and frankly , now i feel like g.r.r martin 's fan after hbo thrown its show . 
  everyone now suddenly is interested in the middle east and wants the quickest solution and knows what 's best for the region . 
  now , i do n't know your history with this topic and wo n't imply that i do , but honestly , do n't you feel like suddenly everyone is a friend to muslims , while they were not giving two shits about them , before the tv stations started doing 24h coverages on the refugees ? 
  ok , lets divide this into economical and run for the hills , cause it starts to get over my head - technically these are not the same situations , despite your wishes for them to be . 
   but again , it is n't about the economy , it 's about humanitarian responsibility . 
  we should n't grant refugees asylum based on whether they 're useful for us . 
  at the same time , your logic here seems to be `` if we do n't do anything for those people they 'll be a burden '' . 
  well no shit sherlock , you ca n't just take those people in and then do nothing for them . 
  you wish for the people to be well and so do i. 
  but money does not grow on trees . 
  to be able to do something for the people you need money , or gdp . 
  the economical migrants come here because here lies an opportunity for a better life . 
  but if you will start accepting people indiscriminately the economy will shrink and then the dream is gone . 
  it 's not about the well being of our economy , and i was never talking about it in this respect - i do n't have to . 
  your own actions are contradicting your goal , when you are taking too much economical migrants . 
  eventually , they will stop coming because europe wo n't have anything to offer them anymore . 
  as in to help them , we need to have a strong economy ourselves . 
  you maybe thinking that we will share with them , we will be worse off , they will be better off and it will be ok . 
  but they do n't come here for that . 
  they does n't want to share , they want to live on the same level we do now . 
  they are n't stupid . 
  look at which destinations they choose inside eu . 
  why they risk their lives to get into uk , while already being in france , safe and with some prospects ? 
  cause in uk they will have better social circumstances . 
  these people do not want optimal , but the best for themselves . 
   as long as we do n't finally take the stream of refugees as a signal that we need to do something to help them , yeah , totally , more will come . 
  this part belongs to the economical debate . 
  what i 'm saying is , if you will give people fish instead of a rod , as in boost their economies instead letting them here , the result will be that more and more people will come . 
  but fish do n't grow on trees , you will eventually run out of them , and then the people who come will become angry , cause you have thought them that they do n't have to work for their fish . 
  and now for the wars part . 
   so hopefully forcing european governments to take in those refugees will finally show them that they ca n't have their cake and eat it too . 
  something has to be done , i agree . 
  i am for years constantly repeating a view , that we have to stop israel from impoverishing palestinians , i am aware that the people in the middle east suffer - and they did not start last month , it has been for decades and it started right after ww 2 . 
  but it has to be done there . 
  we should secure an area for them to live there . 
  that is all what i am saying . 
  i am not even against arabs , persians , syrians or lybians living here . 
  i am against mass depopulation and uncontrolled people flow , which will lead to economic destabilisation and security concerns . 
  also , from my national perspective i am not due anything to people that were being continuously fucked over by france and great britain . 
  and it is united state 's interests that are causing the wars in the region to a great degree . 
  do n't get me wrong , i sympathize , cause my parents and grandparents learned how does it feel to be played by a greater power , namely germany and russia , but i 'm not gon na cover from my own pocket for the responsibility of others . 
  so before i will even think about coming to terms with the idea that we are having some of these refugees , lets first talk about the compensation plan that will be paid by those who were or are playing in the middle east , drawing lines in the sand . 
   it 's also the zero sum game again . 
  we ca n't help the people who stayed behind and the ones who arrive at our door , no no . 
  do you finally understand that my solution helps them all , while yours only helps some ? 
  we can not afford to take the refugees that flow to europe and at the same time go and do their fighting for them in the middle east nor is that just . 
   then they do n't get to fucking complain about the refugees coming here !, 
  but i am not my government , and your solution forces a possible economical backlash on me . 
  me and the whole middle class of europe . 
  do you understand that you are not allowed to decide for others , where their money is going to go ? 
  i am up for foreign aid , i am not for destabilisation of our internal work markets . 
   second , are you fucking kidding me , the german federal employment agency is actively recruiting unemployed people from spain and other countries with high unemployment . 
  i did not know that , and so i stand corrected . 
   to be entirely honest , i do n't even do that . 
  i actually think that even economic refugees deserve a place here . 
  but i nonetheless find it ridiculous how we overblow `` economic migrants '' as `` anyone who does n't stay out of europe '' . 
  problem with that is that how migration work is stronger economy takes people that it needs to grow , so that more space is created in the bubble . 
  if we will take all the people that want it at a time it will be counter productive long term , cause our economy will shrink due to overspending to cover for social spending for people that will go about without a job . 
  and then nobody will be better off anymore , we all - europeans and middle easterners will become poorer . 
  and do n't forget that europe was screaming `` they will take our jobs '' long before world crisis has struck . 
  it 's not like we have more jobs now than we had before 2008 . 
  and if you want to help someone jobless , why the hell would you not prefer spaniards over lybians ? 
  the fact that there is ~ 25 % unemployment rate in spain is less unjust than the situation in the middle east ? 
  and yet , i have never heard about anyone , who would shout to let all the spanish people enter , or pay their fare to come and settle in germany . 
   no , my solution would be taking in the people who need to be taken in they all need to be taken in . 
  there is war all over middle east , according to your definition , all people who live there should be evacuated . 
  otherwise you are just making moral excuses for yourself . 
  the idea to take only those who happen and manage to show at our door is incoherent and economical discrimination . 
  it 's not taking those that need to be taken , but those who are being made seen and apparent , unsettling for the conscience . 
   yes , `` the world sucks we should n't bother '' is truly a bitter pill to swallow . 
  my view is rather that there are no easy solutions nor there are pretty ones . 
  and that all good you will do by giving the fish will eventually parish , because only more people will come . 
  there is so much information noise , that we do not even know , how many of this people flee war , and how many are political refugees ( of which how many should be tried for war crimes ) , how many are isis agents and how many are economical emigrants . 
  left is so fixed on the idea that everyone who reaches europe is fleeing war that they accuse every votum separatum of being driven by xenophobia or racism . 
  we need to at least detain these people and check their background . 
  what we do right now is nuts !,
