  poland has violated wilson 's right of nations ' self-determination , which we have used to get our statehood back , acting against those efforts . 
   we could play this better though . 
  by not cooperating with mr. hitler ? 
  i agree we could . 
  and then there was intervention in czechoslovakia , suppressing anti-communist sentiments . 
   you mean after war ? 
   in 60 's , right ? 
  i did write ` pre - and post-war ' . 
  systemically ? 
  neither they do in the uk . 
  changing attitude does n't take wage , it only takes finding someone around where you live , who speak other language than you . 
  or making e-friends from other countries and talking about their perspective and experiences . 
  not being snarky at all : it is not healthy to see only one perspective . 
  and changing attitude helps in getting better job . 
  i am not trying to be patronizing , i 'm just telling you my story . 
  i agree poland is in a bad place when it comes to how well people live , but we only have us to blame for it . 
  it 's natural in capitalism that people will take advantage of opportunities . 
  the problem with the recent 27 years is that our own people were creating these opportunities for others . 
  i am economical patriot and i believe in polish ability to rebuild our economy from the ruins it is in now . 
  but hating on others around us wo n't help us in that effort , i do n't think . 
  a bold and clear example of germanic oppression . 
  no one is beating up on us at the moment . 
  _ ci vis pacem para bellum _ is one thing , jingoism is something quite different . 
  which would make poles lawful neutral or good ? 
  lol imagine d&d campaign set during the uprising . 
  you really need to get out from under your rock . 
  i work in a company that employs ~ 500 people , of which more or less quarter is foreign , because among other things we deal with translations . 
  the company is based in the uk , and we have offices and divisions around the world . 
  we have brazilians , french , germans , brits , italians , dutch , algerians , spaniards , russians , ukrainians , belarussians , irish , portuguese , venezuelian ... and some of them are functioning in the city perfectly well without ever using polish , with the help of friends or random people . 
  i have a friend at work , who is french and she is always shy to approach people in english in warsaw , so i sometimes interpret for her when we go out . 
  you know what ? 
  80 % of people switches to english or french . 
  so no , there is n't any linguistic appartheid going on in warsaw . 
  yes . 
  or we hold italians accountable for what romans did to dacians . 
  the atrocities were not made by contemporary germans and trying children for the actions of their fathers , when the former had rejected them , is so 2005 b.c. 
  also , when you reciprocate injustice with injustice , you lose the right to call yourself a victim or indeed just . 
  defending poland during world war 2 was just . 
  but going on some misplaced vendetta after several generations worth of time is moral vandalism that leads to those recent events in which the fighters of warsaw uprising are pushed aside and disrespected by the `` armchair rebels '' , who masturbate in the darknes of their rooms over the courage they feel in the context of _ patria defendere _ . 
  courage that is never put into good use , or any use to begin with , other then beating innocent people . 
  ironically , also a specialist in the topic of polish-german relations who experiences now what jews , poles and gypsies were , among others , experiencing in germany , like you said , not that recently . 
  the reversal of history and revisionism is exactly what led to the world war 2 in the first place . 
  so by not learning from that madness , which followed even greater madness , you are in sense spitting on the graves of millions that have died in these wars ; meant as an end to all wars . 
  so instead , just fuckin ' end them . 
  nothing is black and white , which was basically the point behind what i wrote  borderline is : history was shit , so let 's improve , not reverse the situation . 
   `` the germans fucked us for 5 years , the russians fucked us for 50 years '' there 's something in there . 
  i have a neighbor , who was escaping warsaw after the uprising . 
  she always says about russians with fear , and with strange sense of fondness about germans . 
  she says that it was not rare to see german officer helping local populace escape before the soviet army that was feared as violent and barbarian by both sides at this stage of war . 
  better still : putin rushes to protect the east-german-speaking populace in poland . 
  the biggest problem with stupid people is that they ca n't comprehend how stupid they are due to intellectual incapacity . 
  this is sadly mostly overlooked . 
  i mean , poland did have its share in pre - and post-war `` bad behavior '' . 
  establishing puppet government in lithuania , meddling with eastern border , suppressing silesians , acting against czechs and slovaks , expelling germans without measure , expelling jews . 
  we have a lot to do in terms of educating our society about our own mistakes . 
  when that happens though i think it will help our relations even more , by the virtue of feeling healthily ashamed for our own deeds . 
  the problem is that the centuries of oppression has reinforced a vivid and violent opposition against anything that is even slightly putting poland on the spot , into our culture . 
  something that ironically , can be observed also with some ukrainians , who cherish such `` heroes '' as bandera ( and i 'm not gon na say we do n't have similar examples here ) , in my opinion , in reaction to centuries of oppression , kindly delivered by poles ... 
  the history should not divide us , but let us see how incredibly stupid our forefathers were , or how driven into madness by geopolitical circumstances . 
  there is an annual study on how polish-german relations develop , made by polish institute for public affairs , bertelsmann foundation and konrad adenauer foundation . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.isp.org.pl/barometr2016/de/ ) is the presentation of 2016 results ( in german ) . 
  in most basic terms it shows increase in polish appreciation of germans as neighbours and a reverse trend in the opposite direction , which started this year . 
  i believe they mostly quote polish stance on immigration crisis as main factor in the trend reversal . 
  _ personally _ _ i could easily say that the majority of population would not flip out because of hearing german on the street , although some might frown upon it . 
  i am myself a contrarian and ultra-rationalist , so i never understood what the fuss was about . 
  i mean , yeah , most of `` your '' ` cultural exchange programms ' were leaving `` us '' with bruises and `` we '' were not really paying back , but that 's only because `` we '' chose to expand the other way `` we '' were n't . 
  `` our '' sins include suppressing the national aspirations of ukrainians for several centuries , or marginalizing lithuanians within the commonwealth , or striking at czechs to suppress anti-communist sentiments . 
  and now ironically , we polish our medals for bringing down communism ( pun intended ) . _ _ as for my friends , there are various stances , and the most extreme opinion i have heard is that we are destined for struggle , then because of geopolitics and now history . 
  but i have heard the exact same statement from a french friend of mine once . 
  and both of them have german friends some of whom we share . 
  i have also never in my life heard something that would sound like `` i do n't like him/her / i do n't want to make friends , because they are german '' . _ _ there are some sentiments of not being compensated enough for ww 2 , and some fears of being economically dominated ( which is how economy works anyway , so there is probably a component of war `` memories '' in that fear ) . 
  but from my observation , people in general either appreciate germans as neighbors in general and want tight european cooperation or feel the same , but want some kind of cooperation outside of eu , which they see as detrimentory . 
  so most people i met think that we are the best choice for cooperation for each other . _, 
  true , although the basis for this fight is noteworthy . 
  the person is noteworthy . 
  also , one might think about the recent events after brexit , and how that seem to have released suppressed jingoistic sentiments of some in the uk , and make some parallels . 
  i understand people who do n't like the sound of it , because while i adore the sound of german , i do n't like the phonetics of some other languages myself . 
  but i do not understand aversion , and i fight over it constantly with some of my friends . 
  yeah , it is the language of hitler ( although he spoke it rather funnily ) but it 's also the language of schiller , beethoven , kant , habermas , goethe , mozart , wagner , mann , and so on . 
  so to me such aversion ~ ~ if ~ ~ is a symptom of narrow-mindness . 
  i would probably understand it in 1950 's , 60 's , 70 's . 
  but not today . 
  by now , after gross democratization of education , i would expect of people to understand that there are no good and bad nations , but rather good and bad people . 
  now , i do not entirely agree with the article 's title . 
  i would rather say that the assault was not due to him speaking german , but rather a conflict that escalated . 
  nonetheless , sadly , speaking german was what spurred the conflict . 
  additional information along with some commentary can be found [ here ] ( http://www.polityka.pl/tygodnikpolityka/kraj/1675200,1,prof-jerzy-kochanowski-pobity-w-warszawskim-tramwaju-powod-mowil-po-niemiecku.read ) , [ auto-translation ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wqwuqmsxwnwd68_q1xeywhjtud1go0puioccleoyfqo/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  `` uw '' stands for `` university of warsaw '' translation : professor jerzy kochanowski of the institute of history at university of warsaw was physically assaulted at a tram in warsaw , because he was talking with his collegue from university of jena in german . 
  professor had to visit hospital as his head required stitching . 
  the case surfaced after a student of professor wrote about it on facebook . 
  `` yesterday at line 22 tram , which i take every day to reach my work , my thesis supervisor , professor jerzy kochanowski , was physically assaulted . 
  he was assaulted because he was talking in german with his collegue from university of jena . 
  it was not appreciated by one of his co-passengers who , in reaction to being asked `` why should i not speak german ? '', 
  stood up from his seat and struck the professor '' , she reported on the event . 
  the event was confirmed by prof. kochanowski . 
  - unfortunately it is true . 
  police will be notified about the event , i am soon going to the police station , yesterday evening i spent at the hospital - he said talking to newsweek . 
  - it was n't anyone from onr [ national-radical party , one of the most right wing oriented legalized polish groups ] but rather a `` healthy reaction '' of slightly drunken proletariat . 
  you know , he heard german , he struck me , it all ended with stitches on my head - he describes the event . 
  professor believes the attack was not based on ideology , although , he admits , it 's even worse .
