  whereas the thought that it is indefinite and some time would be spent on being completely helpless physically , could be depressing and inhibitory . 
  so maybe not all people who now plan it will actually do it , but it gives them the ability to live their life fuller , as oppossed to being weigh down . 
  i think this is something that those who would like to see it banned should consider . 
  i do n't think it 's that . 
  to me this is really distasteful to entertain this publicly . 
  i mean , i know it is something new and people are getting used to it , but it 's on the same level of intimacy as sex life , if not deeper . 
  but i am anti-euthanasia ( for me , others can do whatever they want ) , and i would feel really violated if someone was debating the possibility of me taking my life publicly ( to the point of taking them to court ) , so maybe i 'm biased . 
  one thing though , if euthanasia is not suicide , what is it then ? 
  because the difference escapes me . 
  euthanasia means `` good death '' , suicide is literally self-killing . 
  i mean , you could say adjectively , that euthanasia is a state not action . 
  but i would still argue that the only possible way to achieve it is to commit suicide . 
  so if it 's not just a matter of semantical escape from the negative connotation ` suicide ' bears , i would be really interested in some qualitative explanation , if you care . 
  so it 's like hunger games for bulls . 
  lovely, 
  i sometimes `` cook '' with my french friend as a past time . 
  it always takes whole day and we are hungry afterwards . 
  whereas kebab ... 
  because you technically still have colonies , and it would like bad in the eyes of public opinion if you would treat the citizens there differently . 
  france is bad example on the effects of recent immigration from islamic countries , because as far as i am aware , their demographic did n't change much over the last 50 years . 
  well it 's not like france did n't fire the first shot . 
  and i am not referring to the burkinis debacle . 
   has a chance to achieve what ? 
  my perspective is that i opposse mindless violence . 
  i am eating meat , and have no problem with that , other than its quality ( and the happier the stock the better the meat ) . 
  but i do n't agree with hurting / killing the animals just for the kicks of it . 
  not only because they hurt needlessly but also because the people who do it are presenting morally inferior attitude . 
  the shock comes from the rarity of such occurrences . 
  so in a way , it 's a healthy symptom . 
   how can polish people be criminals in poland me and my family are using this as argument at dinner discussions with my grandma . 
  she says it 's a matter of scale . 
  also do n't forget , the immigrants are coming to take our jobs and live off welfare . 
  so being in this logically ambiguous space , there is no choice but crime really . 
  the article does n't say `` beaten '' , so you are manipulating by implicating it does . 
  he was struck , and he uses this very word deliberately . 
  i guess it 's not worthy a reaction if there are no entrails on the street , for you good samaritan ? 
  [ `` this country made me like that '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxkyftvzfb8&amp;t=2m40s ) sersiously though , he needs to touch himself more often . 
  it was a prime example of what we call `` ass-ache '' . 
  how do you expect to get sympathy if you are downplaying the misery of others ? 
  in the essence : if you do n't care , why should i ? 
   i mean that anecdote is useless . 
  great . 
  i will pass that on to the neighbor to let her know that future generation is disappointed with what events took place in her life and what she took from them . 
  after wwi germany was not in much better situation than poland , being systematically impoverished by the terms of versailles , which were extremely harsh . 
  france was basically keeping whole income from the german rural areas , which causes insane amount of poverty in germany . 
  one could argue that the policy towards germany , after wwi , was what enabled nsdap to being successful . 
   so poland could not break wilson 's right of nations ' self-determination because there were no such nation . 
  if a region is predominantly inhabited by some nation it was suppossed to go where the local populace wanted . 
  is n't it why we got back chunks of land taken by the partitioners ? 
   i like to read about mistakes made by poland , unfortunately pretty often it simply mirroring a `` poland did nothing wrong '' by presenting everything told as wrong as told , without checking . 
  i think we are talking sideways . 
  you seem to treat mistakes from pragmatic point of view , while i just want to point out what you already know is true : that poland was acting based on its interest as oppossed to high moral standards . 
  as it is expected , because politics are domain of pragmatism . 
  i do n't want to scrutinize poland 's foreign affairs work during the interwar period or to show it as an object of disgust , but to take it out from the moral context . 
  true , but it 's not as relevant what it was . 
  polish patriots used it as springboard to reestablish poland as a country regardless , so they should be expected to follow it afterwards . 
  i know politics are not based on morals , but too many people in poland still thinks that our country was somehow different and was acting based on moral code as opposed to self-interest . 
  encapsulating the word ` patriot ' with double quotes mean that it was not referring to patriots , but to the abstract of a person who thinks they are a patriot but op thinks they are not . 
  just like by writing  ` patriot ' i do not refer to any patriot but to the word ` patriot ' . 
  get it ? 
  there is language and meta-language , you seem not to see the difference . 
  meta-language does not refer to the reality outside language but to the language itself . 
  i write `` the word ` patriot ' '' so it is easier to understand , but i could just write `` encapsulating ` patriot ' with double quotes '' and expect people would understand i do not want to encapsulate any patriot . 
  this is the assumption the op had in this case . 
  well , they are idiots , so what do you expect ? 
  the uplifting part is that this attack is really a thing in the social media now , so it is something disgusting and worrying for the majority of us , it seems . 
  because of the stance on the nation . 
  communists still wanted to remove the nationalistic component and bathe the world in bloodshed of working class revolution then . 
  nsdap wanted germany to be a social state , but only for the germans , fueling the success of germany with the misery of others . 
  but from my experience the westernese do n't think that . 
  the people i work with cherish poland , and say we are very smart for living slower , less stressful life than in the west . 
  one guy said that first 5 years of working in poland was like vacation , after working in other parts of the world , for him . 
  at the same time we deliver quality that competes with western products in the same business . 
  and the western part of the management ca n't get over how good idea it was to base the office in poland , because of people 's integrity . 
  those that are company veterans compare here with the previous location in london , and say that the people there could n't be asked for making anything on time . 
  i know it 's only my experience , but just because of it alone , i think you should n't generalize . 
  only bad memories i have was the time when i worked for a western cable operator in poland . 
  the experience there was horrible , because of the arrogance they approached the customers with . 
  i 'm only saying , if i was stupid i would n't know it :p, 
  i 've seen people who were very intelligent yet stupid , so idno, 
  i 've seen someone commenting that it 'll be interesting to see , if the ministry will now rush to the police station , to get to the bottom of this case too . 
  yet you contribute by posting a comment . 
  i do n't get why some people need to externalize their internal thought process for decisions that do n't impact anyone . 
  it 's not that i hate , i just do n't understand . 
  maybe it is an overstatement , but i doubt poland would annex zaolzie , should hitler not grab sudetenland . 
  it was politically and diplomatically independent , but poland had used an opportunity that created by munich , and in doing so helped destabilizing the region . 
  i am using strong word for this to contrast that with the general opinion that poland was the only country that had the balls to oppose hitler , not allowing for the exteritorial channel going through our coastline . 
  while it took some balls , the implication is that is was because of virtue , while zaolzie shows that is was rather inspired by interest . 
  i am not balancing out the atrocities here . 
  i am just expressing surprise that after all the atrocities and levelling the city , german soldiers were finding in themselves the ability to help the people they oppressed . 
  based on zimbardo 's i would not expect that . 
  to me these anecdotes show that there was no hate in these particular people . 
  this does n't erase anything , it 's just interesting . 
  you mean in poland ? 
  or did it happen across europe ? 
   it was understandable way to help local population again anti-polish nationalistic lithuanian goverment . 
  i am pretty sure i heard that line of reasoning quite recently . 
  among other countries , also in the context of lithuania . 
   suppressing silesians ,   could you explain what do you mean ? 
  on several occassions silesians wanted to join germany or become autonomous .
