  thanks to training and great horses bred in poland they could charge after charge after charge ( the record being 7 charges in two hours iirc ) , which would kill a regular military horse . 
  and they were pulling off the most incredible battle plans , in the most disadvantageous numbers . 
  like klushin , where 5600 hussars ( among 6800 polish troops ) defeated russian army of 35000 men . 
  remember thermopilae ? 
  well , at chocim 600 hussars fought 10000 turkish infantry and cavalry ; and won . 
  for nearly 200 years that formation was unbeaten : no battle it took part in was considered lost . 
  so really , i do n't think we should ever complain if someone is appreciating hussars . 
  they were not heroes , they were soldiers - granted - although in some battles their performance was on a simply heroic level . 
  accursed soldiers and home army are more recent , and `` more '' heroic . 
  as these were people who most often were not trained as soldiers when the country called them ; situation defined them . 
  but they are more of an internal matter , and you should expect internal recognition , not external . 
  to reverse the situation : do you know and recognize better each individual vc winner 's exploits or those of raf pilots , as a formation ? 
  fool yourself not , it will be never thought in any other school than polish , who janek wi\u015bniewski or ryszard siwiec was . 
  and for a good reason : there are two kinds of history : universal and national . 
  the two latter are part of national , hussars are part of universal . 
  having said that . 
  i would really fancy a good , high budget movie about hussars . 
  their history is full of great script material . 
  and great one liners : when one of our kings wanted to retreat from battlefield , because the enemy had bigger numbers , the commander of a hussar wing said `` do not worry my king , as you are under our protection . 
  even if the skies were to fall on us , we would support them on our pikes '' . 
  there was `` france '' in 387 bc ? 
  o_o this is what makes this whole militaristic jokes affair insensible . 
  you can not judge people by 1000 years of history . 
  and on the other hand countries do n't have traits ( collective entities exist only by convention ) . 
  the surrender thing comes from the fact that france did n't do to well in wwii . 
  though militarily not because of cowardice but due to terrible command chain and tactics ( comparatively ) . 
  so to be fair , i do n't really know where it comes from . 
  i 've once heard an opinion that `` since the 100 years war france has been either surrendering or switching sides '' . 
  so this maybe related to ... you know what . 
  but i 'm really not sure . 
  edit : typo . 
  we in poland say `` w razie niemca '' ( `` in case a german will come '' , lit . 
  `` in case of a german '' ) , which means `` just in case '' . 
  i guess this needs to be updated as well :d, 
  it 's just some abandoned roller coaster . 
  i think euthanasia coaster never got built . 
  we do n't need a formal federation . 
  the only things we need formally is common army and foreign policy . 
  army is easy from my point of view . 
  foreign policy much harder , because different countries need different things , which the eu even as a whole can not provide them . 
  so it 's a giant leap of faith , to give out the task of providing for themselves into the hands of central european government . 
  and lately there was a lot of `` it 's not problem '' in the air , which does not help . 
  the main thing , aside those two , is the people who need to feel europeans first . 
  once this happens eu is already federalized , and like in case of marriage the formalities come second . 
  and like in case of marriage , if you formalize it first then the outcome could be opposite to what you 're hoping for . 
  but i think we will do it , maybe my grandchildren will see it . 
  because other than different market needs what is there that stands in the way ? 
  sure , we annoy each other a lot , and we did some nasty things to ourselves in the past , but that 's normal in any family . 
  there is rivalry and mockery , still very normal . 
  and i think that we like that . 
  being able to feel at home anywhere on the continent . 
  meeting people very unlikely to us , that share this identity with us - still vulnerable though . 
  being amazed how similarly we think , using similar logic , even when it stands behind different conclusions . 
  that we share this care for other human being , which made us to believe in eu in the first place - to stop all wars , at least here . 
  maybe i idealize , but there 's also the fact that if we want europe to matter in the international arena , we need to be able to react much quicker than now and send one firm signal at a time . 
  and this one can be counted in $ . 
  but are n't you tired of blue , red and green everywhere ? 
  it does but it 's on that company alone and not on france . 
  i only wonder who will be going to this amusement park . 
  pro-russian crimeans think they are going to get rich . 
  but i would n't be so sure . 
  especially that their tourism is going bankrupt now . 
  no tourists and no spare money . 
  hum ... maybe they build [ this ] ( http://blog.mugnai.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/nara1.jpg ) one as well . 
  norman davies explains special relationship poland has with horses with the fact that we are living on a big field , with no natural obstacles . 
  to secure such area with limited army you have to have armed forces that are extremely mobile . 
  and before the mechanization the obvious choice was the horse . 
  so the horses just grew into our culture ; horses bred here were a significant part of national pride . 
  for some time there was even an embargo on selling our horses abroad ( established by jan iii sobieski , iirc ) . 
  today we just observe the reminiscence of this i guess . 
  i am confused . 
  why cross ? 
  ( i know greek flag has a cross ), 
  i was counting on someone doing it better , out of pity ;p, 
  and there you go . 
  purple goes great with the romans . 
  that inspired me to `` create '' these : [ variant 1 ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/65254197/euroflag%231.png ) [ variant 2 ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/65254197/euroflag%232.png ) the flag 's dimensions are multiplications of 3 and 4 , which makes both ( or all three ) triangles pythagorean . 
  the blue is the blue of current eu flag , with golden horizontal line ( or triangle ) representing the physical continent . 
  deep orange circle is the sun setting over it , which is a reference to one of possible etymologies of the name `` europe '' . 
  the purple part has laurel leaves in gold which match the land 's gold , and with the number of member states expressed in roman numerals , which is the reference to both the rome itself and to latin - our first universal language . 
  the number of the states could be reinforced by stars on the sky on the right , which would also could work as a reference to the enlightenment period , specifically to quote from kant : `` the starry skies above me and the moral law inside me '' , which refers to the division of sciences into rational and experimental . 
  do n't judge it on the aesthetics of execution please . 
  artistically i am an equivalent of 5 yo with broken arms and a concussion . 
   joke 's on me then . 
  i knew i should listen to [ that ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/65254197/%23emotes/a%20trap.jpg ) guy . 
  that 's true , but i do n't mean contemporary state of greece , but greece as one of foundations of european culture and identity . 
  no no no . 
  why the stripes ? 
  it seems so obviously referring to the american flag . 
  imo europe should have a flag that refers to greece and rome , or to the name of the continent . 
  crossing someone 's border with armed forces , while repeatedly being told not to , makes you the one who shot first . 
  it 's not child 's play , this is active war zone , ukrainian soldiers do n't have time to check identity of every military object/personnel in the area . 
  fof , if foe to hell with him . 
  the kasztelan brewery belongs to carlsberg poland group , but their beers are brewed locally in sierpc . 
  as for it being budget beer , i do n't disagree , but of them all this one tastes the best and like an actual beer . 
  i only mean the non pasteurized one though . 
  have you ever heard polish accent though ? 
  [ xd ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myc4fnmowiw ), 
  i do n't like this one , cause it 's too fast paced . 
  it 's like a roller-coaster ride .
