  a year ) . 
  and if this is true than ... why , finland ? 
  why ? 
  first of all sorry , but i did n't get the analyst 's name ( i tuned in the middle ) . 
  but he said today on the radio that putin 's aim maybe to undermine nato credibility , and then to create new security alliance , without the us in europe , in an effort to keep russia relevant in the atlantic hemisphere . 
  this is based on minister lawrov , saying again today that a new security paradigm is needed from lisbon to wladivostok . 
  this maybe or maybe not so , but i thought that until we have our own significant and formidable force we will be just a prize to both us and russia , while we have to become a player , for our own safety . 
  today , while on a sroll i 've noticed [ these ] ( http://imgur.com/a/hp4w9 ) on the fences of finnish and norwegian embassies in warsaw . 
  pictures of norwegian landscape and history of mannerheim - a finnish president apparently fond of poland . 
  great idea in my opinion , makes you feel closer to the country represented ; it does not feel as foreign as before . 
  much better than anonymous , high , obscure , paranoia inducing walls around russian embassy ... 
  [ removed ], 
  someone , please give me asylum . 
  can be germany , can be ukraine . 
  i 'm scared of idiots in my government ;(, 
  heard or read in the sun ? 
  does every famous man in britain has sex-dwarf counterpart ? 
  i do n't think `` so bad it 's good '' applies to journalism . 
   i suck off dogs for quavers what ? 
  it 's a comment about the french diplomatic repercussions . 
  which are fair and square , but this dude-bro apparently was raised in a barn and does n't understand that there would have to be some quiet days over the deal 's fiasco . 
  fair enough . 
  sorry if i got too hot headed . 
  but it 's bullshit . 
  how could receiving money convince you to give birth to a child that will not last for 5 minutes after or during the labor ? 
  he wants to wipe his conscience clean by corrupting others ? 
  the social benefits make no sense at all in the case of malformed children . 
  it 's as if i was reading huxley , or some other dystopian story ... 
  i am terrified by the ideas this guy have , and most of all the idea that he is entitled to force it on the others . 
  he kind of admits in plain words that we are the prisoners inside his conscience . 
  and the whole idea is so bizzare , absurd and grotesque i ca n't have any rational reaction to it , only repulsion : / and also i am ashamed . 
  i meant it locally , not as a global conspiracy . 
  what i meant was that i believe pis chose to process this draft opportunistically as opposed to just putting it in the fridge . 
  i do n't mean that they conceived it , but that the timing was convenient and they took advantage of it . 
  because i seriously do not believe that they believed they had a shot at banning abortion altogether in poland . 
  the public is becoming concerned about the deals now , because there was basically no discussion prior to this point . 
  even the ngo 's admit they have overslept on this one . 
  i am fairly convinced that the whole debacle is a smoke screen for ceta/ttip . 
  abortion is the obvious flaming point in the public debate here , as our law - however you will look at it - it to no satisfaction of either side . 
  two citizen drafts of a new law was sent to parliment , one basically denying any abortion at all , and even penalizing `` accidental abortion '' ( questions were raised about the legal status of women who miscarried and would they be investigated ) . 
  the other was free for all . 
  so they clashed , and covered up something . 
  it 's rather obvious , because while pis flirts with the church , i do n't think they would dare to ban abortion outright . 
  it would mean retreating to their 26 % base or possibly less , which could not be enough to carry them into second term . 
  and i write `` pis '' even though the draft was not theirs , because they had the choice to not taking it into committee to process . 
  instead they took it in , sent the other away ; then the obvious response in the form of mass protest happened ( after all , they antagonized half the populace ) , and now they backtrack as if they were surprised by the outcry . 
  although , it needs to be kept in mind that this government 's ministers are the most inobedient when it comes to sharing their personal thoughts with the public . 
  so the minister 's words might be a dud and they may still proceed with the bill too . 
  well , you clearly want or expect of people here to care . 
  and people care , because of sympathy . 
  the first thing i thought !, 
  i 'm going to progressive hell ... 
  i was about to ask , is that one still the poorest ... :(, 
  linguists does n't follow sense or logic but average use , so by the same virtue i can reply that i am a philosopher not a linguist and i could n't care less about what linguists think concepts are constituted with . 
  he is then agnostic . 
  atheism is constituted by positive conviction that there is no god . 
  lack of faith in god does not rule out its existence , since faith is subjective . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czsmc5rwvos ), 
  well , i agree , because it is the most specific one . 
  just like ` bus ' is the best word for bus . 
  no , it was a comment to the dv sprees that happen here from time to time , when it seems people are dv-ing ideas other their theirs rather than combating them with arguments . 
  i guess you have to have time for arguments , and we live is such busy times ... 
  there is nothing that combats fluid traffic so effectively as traffic lights . 
  yes , of course , i meant it in that specific case . 
  i wanted to stress out that even then the decision must be yours . 
  and the consequences are affecting you . 
  which for me makes it a self-act . 
  thanks , i really appreciate it . 
  i still think though that euthanasia is a special kind of suicide . 
  the big difference , from other kinds , is that in euthanasia there is a proxy of a special kind , i.e. 
  a doctor , and that it is legally defined and acceptable . 
  as opposed to a situation where you ask random someone to stab you , and they do it . 
  but even though this is significant , i think calling euthanasia not-suicide , is like calling something not-car because it does n't have license plates . 
  i mean , all the critical parts are there , with only some bureaocratic coating missing . 
  i can get that , hence me asking . 
  so the difference is semantic not real . 
   atheist and heathen those mean two different things though . 
  atheist is someone who believes in lack of god . 
  heathen is non-catholic and non-atheist . 
  but i get what you meant . 
  edit for a edit : but the decision is yours that 's why doctor is not charged with manslaughter . 
  i would argue that the act is therefore yours but proxied . 
  because these are the only ones i have . 
  and i am talking in abstact , i am talking about the social norm in belgium in which i am interested , not about her personal feelings , which are inconsequential to me . 
  can i get my definition , please  edit : hum , i read your reply again , and for the record i am not interested in discussing the moral value of euthanasia . 
   because it 's not killing and you 're not doing it yourself . 
  give me a positive definition then . 
  i mean what is it , rather than what it is not . 
   what 's distasteful to talk about the inevitable nothing in abstract , as there is nothing distasteful in talking about sex . 
  in abstract . 
  but would n't you be disgust if i started speculating whether or not you like anal probing here ? 
  that 's the difference for me , i would be disgusted if someone started doing that - to me , or to you , by the power of sympathy . 
  edit : to the first part . 
  i mean , i think we can universally agree that process of stopping life that is not `` natural '' ( though we should probably try to define that first , but i believe in your good will ! ), 
  is called `` killing '' . 
  and that in its root the term is fairly neutral , as in rock can kill you though it has no will of its own , so it can not do you wrong or good . 
   i \u00b4 m entitled to one opinion and i \u00b4 m free to communicate that opinion to the world . 
  yes , and if it 's wrong opinion , reddit is entitled to dv you like crazy . 
  / s john stuart mill wrote in _ de liberte _ that the biggest threat to the freedom of speech is posed neither by those whose ideas are wrong or those whose ideas are right , but by those who own ideas but not the reasonings that lead to them . 
  lacking the perspective i imagine that maybe when living means fighting with one 's own body , the ability to control how long will one need to put up with is comforting .
