  but also , the more freedom you get , the better you can shape the world around you . 
  i can see this in poland , the people are less and less dependent on the government , with positive effects . 
  and the people are turning harder and harder towards liberalism though every government since 1989 was ending up being social , despite liberal promises . 
  the government is doing useful things and really silly things , but if you add people 's effort , per saldo we 're growing and prospering . 
  would not be possible if we were still in warsaw pact ( i shudder to the name ) and made completely reliable on central government . 
  i 'd argue when it comes to whether russians are our least favorite neighboring people . 
  the countries politics for sure , but not the folk . 
  i 'd say ukrainians are less regarded than russians in general . 
  sadly . 
  i had many ukrainian friends during my studies , and there are always some ukrainian acquaintance since - at work or in neighborhood . 
  but i have always felt they are getting hard times from poles . 
  i remember once , i was shopping and i had obolon beer ( great beer ) in my basket . 
  and this ukrainian started to talk to me in ukrainian , cause he assumed i 'm also ukrainian . 
  it was surprising to him that a pole could like anything that 's ukrainian . 
  sad . 
  ( btw . 
  thank you for obolon bily ukraine  my life would be worse without it . 
  also for kvass and podpiwek  ) though this may change thanks to the current events . 
  not saying that ukrainians should push russians to farther position . 
  we should n't really dislike anyone based on nationality . 
  yeah , the ignorance here works both ways . 
  people does n't get how much we were influenced by germans as well . 
  the easiest example are some words of german origin , like lufcik - a small window in bigger one - or wichajster - which is transposition to wie-heisst-er - a tool that 's purpose or origin is unknown . 
  and i would choose germans too . 
  most the people i know from abroad , which are our neighbors are germans . 
  i love german romanticism - which imo also influenced ours . 
  and also i love order :d, 
  if you ask about currently existing states than belarus . 
  yet . 
  but that 's probably because european russians come from there . 
  and if you ask about the surrounding territories than ... china and mongolia . 
  though the second one i 'm not entirely sure about . 
   look , lithuania was enslaved for literally centuries . 
  would that include the `` commonwealth '' era to you ? 
  - he asked honestly . 
   '' they '' is a wrong term . 
  the masses do n't exactly know what they want , and they ca n't properly organize without leadership . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  if `` they do n't know what they want '' then every political system is forced on `` them '' . 
  therefore your initial sarcasm is n't understandable , since in totalitarianism you have no choice , in democratic states however you can choose what are you being forced to . 
  ohhh , they 're japanese ? 
  i could never tell . 
  to reward the honesty i will admit something as well . 
  the polish fancy `` torpedo '' is sadly not very representative . 
  great majority of intercity sets look like [ this ] ( http://www.finnmoller.dk/rail-pl/pkp-ic-ep09-030.jpg ) ( the engine varies from [ this ] ( http://www.kurierkolejowy.eu/images/news/ep07-382_luz_fot_mikolaj_manowski.jpg ) to [ this ] ( http://goo.gl/xemmqz ) ) . 
  i thought you 're going to boast about [ class 395 ] ( http://4rail.eu/uk/uk_southeastern_class395nr018_stpancras_2009_l.jpg ) . 
  to this i could even submit . 
  but 125 ? 
  pfff ... :p, 
  that 's not fair ... even fires in sweden look appealing ... : c, 
  yeah ... russia is importing like 2/3 of their food . 
  what are they gon na eat , oil ? 
  or n.korean rice ... oh wait . 
  i have to concur . 
  at least the picture from germany is the best . 
  absolutely stunning and bringing german romanticism to mind : der erlk\u00f6nig . 
  well , you ca n't cancel orders that were made beforehand . 
  it would make you look bad . 
  do n't give them ideas . 
  once is enough . 
  right . . 
  i forgot about the curvature of the earth . 
  thanks for being mercyfull :p, 
   the roman empire was hardly more destructive than any other empire in any other era ( save the mongols , they were brutal ) . 
  also , i think you 're confusing the renaissance with the enlightenment . 
  i 'll stand by the statement that renaissance was much more scientifically involved than roman times . 
  rome gave us little when it comes to humane sciences and nothing when it comes to natural sciences ( as far as i know ) . 
  and in renaissance the empirical method gave birth to separate branch of sciences . 
  but it 's only my narrow view - the focus on the sciences . 
  and i agree with the other thing you said - roman empire was not more destructive than any other empire in the history . 
  which reinforces my argument for renaissance i feel , as in this day and age , i do n't think there 's is room for admiration of sheer conquest . 
   this is an oft debated subject . 
  did rome fall in 476 with the fall of the western empire ? 
  did it fall in 1453 with the conquest of constantinople ? 
  in 1918 with the dissolving of the ottoman empire ( they had declared themselves a new rome ) ? 
  hum . . true , i overlooked the division of rome . 
  but then , after narrowing it down , would you agree , that he western rome becase catholic church , while the italic peoples had nothing in common culturally and ethnically with bizantium ? 
  or do you think that the political ties are enough to speak about continuity between . . but between what ? 
  we ca n't speak about nations nor states in that time frame . 
  it beats it because of uncertainty principle . 
  in theory one leader is better , because his actions are not blocked and thus he can act more swiftly , which also means more effectively . 
  but that leading to success is only guaranteed by a leader that is infallible , or infallible within limits of practicality . 
  and you ca n't guarantee that , which in turn makes the first guarantee void . 
  while on the other hand , when the leader is perfectly fallible , more power in one hand means much faster fall . 
  but that also means a global raise in prices of eur-asia flights . 
  the european carriers ' prices will have to raise to cover for greater fuel costs . 
  and because the asian airlines wo n't be able to provide greater supply , they will only be able to arbitrage the european prices with a raise on their side . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  well , i spot pretty good looking corridor over georgia-azerbaijan-turkmenistan-uzbekistan-tajikistan to china , but next to no planes there - compared to russia . 
  could someone explain why is it the case , and what are the possibilities there for eu planes ? 
  that 's a bit of an understatement . 
  romans knew from history that india existed yet they 've never crossed persia :p also i 'd vote renaissance , because the roman empire was really more a destructive force than constructive , to what i value the most - science . 
  besides is n't it a bit far fetched to state that there is continuity between rome and united italy ? 
  cause in between there was like a thousand years of italian republics ( which were great , but not rome ) and also politically rome became the catholic church . 
  yes , but the job is motivated by the need to make them sexier , better looking , more appealing ; not by their maternal qualities . 
  and this i 'd argue is symptomatic to the culture of treating female body parts as toys . 
  and another symptom of this is the fact , that the particular body parts in question are used as a marketing tool in nearly every business . 
  moreover , male body parts are also used for this , while also targeting males . 
  so the marketing landscape - speaking at least about poland - is predominantly occupied with tender boobs and abs of steel . 
  and so this boob job ad is to me something like a meta-advertisement .
