  i hope you will maintain the unified front , at least until the corruption is rooted out . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  we did n't protest much though , so serbia still has a chance of getting on top of their oligarchy . 
   also , one of the opposing parties literally was missing a single vote to get over 5 % which they needed to get into the parliament , even though every pool had them over 5 % . 
  so they have shown that in each voting area the party was over 5 % , and then claimed that it 's below that overall ? 
  yeah it 's an interesting situation . 
  if they pledge ` vote for us , if you want to remain ' and they then win absolute majority , does it invalidate the referendum ? 
  both referendum and parliament elections are direct choices in the uk , right ? 
  well the old people where the crybabies sometime ago themselves . 
  and it 's a valid point , at some point in life your views are no longer better for being built on experiences , because it makes them unchangeable and inflexible . 
  of course this is not universal , some people learn untile they die . 
  his particular views do n't matter . 
  he created the sketch , but now it 's a part of popular culture , something bigger than him . 
  oh god , that picture you draw . . it looks like uk is now being led by two dorks trying to push each other out . 
  probably both had plans for after the people would vote ` remain ' . 
  just google it . 
  it 's tredy now . 
  i stand corrected , an inaccuracy on my part . 
  i wanted to reply asking `` was majority never wrong then '' , but i fell asleep . 
  and now i 'm thinking that the problem is badly constructed . 
  let 's say that ue crumbled because of brexit . 
  to me those who voted ` yes ' will be then wrong , but to those who want ue to crumble , they would be right . 
  so it completely depends on what was the aim of particular vote , and thus to discuss it , we would know what each and every member of the abstract group was aiming for when casting the vote . 
  it is then impossible to discuss it accurately , and majority as an abstract being can not be right or wrong , ever , because it does not have consistent and uniform aim . 
  what majority does can turn for the better or worse , but there 's no merit or fault . 
  ^ this is depressing , can someone please prove this wrong ? 
  if they do , will they say `` there 's no rush , we have time '' afterwards ? 
  the article is sarcastic so it actually means the opposite of what 's written there . 
  and / u/redlightdynamite is just building on your comment to sarcastically show how people who throw such `` reasonings '' are full of shit . 
  chillax . 
  they might , but countering the arguments by pointing to sheer masses does not invalidate them by any stretch . 
  remember that nsdap became real because majority voted for it . 
  politics are not about selling facts , but propaganda . 
  i fail to recognize how are those two facts connected . 
  they might be forced . 
  i do n't expect eu to stand aside and wait until uk will decide to formally inform and does trigger the leave mechanism . 
  i would rather expect it to oficially inquire if the uk does in fact intend to leave . 
  the response given with any timeframe as a context would trigger the leave article , as far as i understand it . 
  but why would eu be concerned with uk 's economy , now that it is alien body within eu structures ? 
  ( politically speaking ) . 
  or maybe ... we should revisit esperanto ? 
  to me it 's a monument of our resilience . 
  stalin came , planted it , openly to dominate the urban space , then he died , then the ussr crumbled . 
  and we are still here . 
  it really goes well with words of our anthem too . 
  and it 's nice , it really is a nice looking building . 
  lucky you , it fits your region . 
  i will have to buy the bloody thing : c, 
  it would make sense : as long as the betting companies are unaware of the fact ante factum , it is still effectively random for them . 
  they could potentially only raise claims against people who bet while knowing the rigged results . 
  edit : they could even advertise that way : `` bet how the uefa officials rigged the groups this time around '' lol, 
  is it really that important though ? 
  once they leave the barrel the bullets have no nationality . 
  the point of preserving it , i think , is not anti-german propaganda , but anti-war propaganda . 
  war sucks monkey balls . 
  and while the ones resisting have the moral high ground coming from the self-defence mandate , in practicality their missing bullets do as much collateral damage as those of the oppressors . 
  since we put the politics aside , i must say that the soviet architecture was pretty cool . 
  syncretic as hell , but at the same time it at least tried at megascapes and awe inspiring shapes . 
  nowadays , all you can get is either a box , a cyllinder , or a mangled abomination ; flat with no decorum at all . 
  the wrong is unseen and happens on that stand during the anniversary of ghetto uprising . 
  like all in life . 
  you would probably need to use french keyboard layout for that . 
  actually , we cut germany slack on that one after the war ( excluding the compensation of personal cost like forced laborers ' wages ) . 
  that 's true , some will always complain . 
  if there were championships in complaining though , we would push to make them olympic sport , because it would be guaranteed gold every 4 years . 
  we even meta-complain , like i do now . 
  i meant it metaphorically . 
  we prevailed and shook off the strings . 
  it depends on the point of view . 
  there are some monuments awkward to remove , like memorials to fallen soldiers or red army cemetaries . 
  there are also some that are called monuments , but really are tanks or artillery pieces put on a city square 50-60 years ago with no plaque , or the plaque now removed ( there is a heated debate going on right now about removing [ such a tank ] ( https://d-pt.ppstatic.pl/kadry/k/r/1/32/bc/576d298ca9942_o,size,969x565,q,71,h,1b1155.jpg ) from the city of drawsko in pomerania ) . 
  there are also some that are really hurting , like the grave of bierut ( a tyrannic president to the people 's republic of poland ) still being in the pow\u0105zki cemetary in warsaw , in part reserved for poles distinguished in the service of the country . 
  so yeah ... it 's a mess . 
  this one is a trophy . 
  stalin put it there to crash the city with opression architecture in the middle of the sea of rubble . 
  and now he 's dead , and poland is not , and the palace is being slowly swallowed by the modern city 's skyline . 
  for me this building is a middle finger to the whole soviet regime and post-war occupation . 
  it was once aimed at us , but we managed to turn it around towards the east , and above belarus . 
  also , it 's pretty , especially compared to the post-modernist monstrosities around it . 
  they are the real crime . 
  they had bad intel too and many of the drops landed in germany controlled areas of the city . 
  it 's not even that . 
  the polish state was cut some huge slack when it comes to the repayment of foreign loans the last communist leaders took . 
  including from west germany . 
  even earlier we have , under communist regime true , forfeited reparations for destruction of industry and infrastructure in turn for the east germany not disputing the polish-german border . 
  so what he does is basically revisioning history . 
  the same way putin does , the same way hitler did . 
  it 's abhorring . 
  i am polish and i am not enraged ; and it is a game of benefits called realpolitik , and it 's what kept european countries ' sabres in the scabbards for 80 years . 
  there is no arrogance nor injustice there are only rules that need to be followed . 
  incidentally , these are the same rules that the poles fought and gave life for during the nazi and then soviet occupation . 
  i am fed up with poles who think that eu is a charity or a way to recompensate the evils that poland experienced in the past . 
  it is not , it is an elite club at which you do n't show up wearing sportswear . 
  we were respected because we were a good , solid ally . 
  and now we are turning into entitled hobo . 
  true , but then why would he run away ? 
  it is a sign of weakness and he has nothing to fear , really . 
  i thought `` to deliberate '' also meant to think something through , sorry if it 's confusing . 
  has he gone on vacation ? 
  i thought officially he has gone there to deliberate .
