  i would say `` do n't try it in anglican england '' , but then i already lost my bet against it being pragmatical ... 
  people are tired of having to think , and then they will choose the theories that best fit their idea of how perfect world should work , and then the `` leaders '' of those lemmings will roughly quote hegel , saying `` if the theory does n't match reality , it 's too bad for reality '' . 
  so really , nigel farage & co. are secretly communists . 
  touche . 
  thanks , that 's interesting to know . 
  i would easily assume that it 's just dirt gathering for years , `` painting '' the walls over . 
  is this a bad dream or bad trip ? 
  who 's next ? 
  the queen ? 
  how hilarious is that , showing that those guys had absolutely no plan for `` after '' . 
  cameron , johnson , farage ... caine will stop doing movies ? 
  clease will stop doing ads ? 
  the british people have my sincere sympathies now , for they have been swindled in an absolutely despicable display of amateur politicians fiddling with forces they have no comprehension of . 
  on the flip side though , there were already meetings in which the uk ~ ~ is ~ ~ was not participating . 
  and i guess that the number of those will grow as uk will become sort of an odd ball , with even more unclear status . 
  like f.i. 
  i 'm not sure if it would be given eu presidency at this point , at least without extenssive digging around to find a loophole that would deny that . 
  and i do n't think it is in the best interest of the uk to remain a tumor inside eu 's body . 
  at the same time attached and alien . 
  i do n't want it either , in fact i hope that the new goverment will receive public pressure and put the matter to re-vote after all . 
  and to be honest , cameron seems to be a fool to me , for not striking now , when the crisis is at the strongest and people loose their shit - unless he really really really wants to be the one who turns off the lights , and gain all those nice titles that already buzz around . 
  for this reasoning to be valid you would to convince us that everyone that died in turkey had booed during paris minute of silence . 
  otherwise it is collective punishment of a nation . 
  aside from that having booed during minute of silence is very small thing to hold grudge against in the wake of something as ultimate as death . 
  it 's not like they would learn their lessons and punishment has to have positive outcome or at least aim . 
  otherwise it is vengeance , and vengeance is petty and we should be better people than that . 
  if it 's human nature , why should we care anyway ? 
  minute of silence does n't help anyone - they are dead . 
  we do it to comfort the living . 
  you drove your ad absurdum argument a bit too far . 
  and also , no one is resposible for another person 's ethics . 
  someone doing you wrong does n't entitle you to wronging others , or that very person for that matter . 
  in ethics this sort of thinking is categorized as logical fallacy . 
  unless you want to treat people like cattle not individuals . 
  and your example is also imprecise at least . 
  you are directing your rage towards your neighbour , because the policeman did you wrong . 
  ( let 's leave it on the side that if you have this sort of treatment by the police you have much bigger problems to solve , country-wise , than your missing car ) . 
  subject a is refusing to help you out , but he will help subject b , so you decide to not help subject b. 
  this is not universal : has subject b some role in subject a deciding to not help ? 
  if not , why are you making them responsible ? 
  with this reasoning , if you trip on the street and you are surrounded by dicks ( `` cunts '' , for brits ) and no one helps you up , you are ** ethically entitled ** to not help an old lady that you see tripping . 
  aside from it being illogical , this sort of quid pro quo thinking is why the societies are becoming shitty places to exist in . 
  if you are ever mistreated in some way you do n't have a solid moral standpoint if you are doing the same . 
  and we are talking morality here , since as i said in the beginning - they are all dead , and there 's not much you can practically do . 
  and to be clear , i 'm not arguing with uefa being wrong , or turkish people deserving to be commemorated , or how much turkish fans booed/chanted/pooed or pissed . 
  i am only countering your logically and ethically invalid argumentation . 
  you can not expect someone who lives off victimizing himself to suddenly accept victory . 
  i 'm not even being cheeky here . 
  i hope so too , which is a strange hope for someone to feel bad  i remember once i was strolling down a street in my hometown , along with my uncle . 
  an ambulance went by , screaming , and for some reason - for what i do n't recall - i remember saying `` i hope they do n't go get drunk '' , to which my uncle smiled and said `` i do . '', 
  so maybe you being cynical are actually more compassionate than i am , 
  it is , because brexit hardly foretells increase in public spending . 
  i am sure they did it only because ` xenophobically ' sounds rather awkward :p, 
  i am using this piece so often lately that it might be worthwhile to make myself a macro . 
  idk , if it was staged it sure fooled me . 
  my rule of thumb is , media do n't lie about the facts but rather manipulate the selection of them , to lie about the world . 
  i am sober enough , and i am aware that it is not by any stretch a thorough analysis of british society and it should not be extrapolated . 
  at the same time i count for the fact that she is reporting and also upset , so maybe no one said that using exact these words . 
  but she being that upset means that something must have happened that made her feel that way , and on purely humane level this situation feels terrible . 
  even if it is an extremely odd case , she is still a person . 
   poles ( and czechs apparently ) piss in public ( ... ) so the poles are an economic threat to the middle and lower classes in britain . 
  i am dying to hear your explanation of logical connection here :d, 
  `` friends of mine say they ca n't be friends with me anymore '' - who does something like that ?!, 
  wtf ?!, 
  is it the washed down meaning of the word `` friend '' confusing me , or is there actually something seriously fucked up going on to this lady ? 
  edit : i know it can be called an isolated case , and i 'm not on how if at all this projects on british society , but i 'm just so fucking sad because of how this poor woman has to feel after hearing something like that . 
  yes , but it was n't meant in benevolent ~ ~ manned ~ ~ manner , i do n't think . 
  sounded more reminiscent of colonial mindset to me than `` hey , look , we have those countries we fucked over in the empire times that now need us to boost their growth '' . 
  and honestly , maybe i 'm too ignorant , but i 'm not sure what the uk can offer to the commonwealth countries in this day and age , apart from access to eu market . 
  be it direct or proxied . 
  `` v4 + balt + c3 [ 2 ] '' what in hell is this math madness ? 
  yeah ... this whole debacle is a great opportunity to revisit french ... mon dieu . 
  yup . 
  but to be infinitely less sarcastic than the article at hand : it might just happen that the eu will indeed come out of it stronger and more united than ever . 
  and then it might be worth it to join it again . 
  or maybe the process will be fast enough to hold uk in its footsteps . 
  who knows , but i am optimistic . 
  i hate watching football myself , but i am happy it exists just for the kicks that this [ guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg4a_gw1khm ) gets out of it . 
  i appreciate your input , because one would have to build miles upon miles of bridges in order to enable me to jump to that conclusion . 
  `` senselessly '' hahaha, 
  `` shits and giggles club '' sounds like a fitting name . 
  the point is i think that the market reactions tend to pile up . 
  so if after these first reactions people will go `` omg !, 
  omg ! '', 
  the situation will worsen . 
  if we will act as if nothing had happened the situation will improve . 
  british people are adorably polite . 
  even in the acts of extreme xenophobia they still are considerate and provide the note in two languages . 
  what 's not too love , truly ... 
  not the other way around ? 
  i think the prices would go down , because of shrinking market ( uk is sending 400k people away every year , so without balancing this out with immigration ... ) in reaction to which the salaries would go down = deflation . 
  is n't deflation a natural result of shrinking market ? 
  which is strange , because latin used to be all about declension . 
  the difference is he _ wanted _ to be in power . 
  i have the impression that the `` leave '' camp wanted to mostly have the right to whine about how the neighbour is a moron , because they voted stay , and now the migrants are commin ' , to somehow take our jobs and welfare both at the same time . 
  hidding posts with negative score is not in the best interest of the thread , because it also covers brilliant rebuttals like yours . 
  man ... monthy python has foreseen it all . 
  they are on fire right now . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foi342lxqe&amp;t=56s ), 
  wow , this is remarkable .
