  no , sorry took a shortcut . 
  there 's a slight incline there . 
  though i think we slightly overuse brakes at lights here . 
  people tend to leave their foot on the brake after stopping ... which is painful at night . 
  near my mother 's flat , there is a street where they did n't removed this shitty asphalt . 
  there are dips in the road left by cars waiting at traffic lights . 
  on cooler days it 's pretty convinient - you do n't have to use handbrake as they lock you in position . 
  well , in some places in warsaw the pavements are made of asphlat - poor quality asphalt . 
  when it is this hot the asphalt melts and when you wait for the light to get green you slowly sink into the ground . 
  rubber shoes are ok , but plastic ones sill literally melt :p, 
   not be that guy but the word is `` archived '' , not `` archivated '' . 
  not to be that guy but ... yea :d, 
  but do you mean uk or eu as a whole ? 
  i second that . 
  in theory , but in reality the circumstances change . 
  your taxes might have been lighter on you than they are on those who are sustaining you now . 
  ( i write this directly but that 's only fa\u00e7on de parle . 
  not suggesting you are a pensioner :d ) . 
  it 's all hypothetical , although it is true that currently it is much harder for the younger eu citizens to give their money away than it was 20-30 years ago . 
  and these people might fancy if the money they are paying were being kept in the internal circulation and not buying spanish petrol . 
  i know that underlying suggestion here is that most eu emmigrants to uk are beggars , but then which jobs are they taking away ? 
  it was a joke  an obvious one . 
  sorry , could n't resist . 
   so what the fuck are the 600,000 + brits doing in spain ? 
  taking our jobs away ... 
  well , not entirely . 
  because your pension is not your money , your money was the pension of generation -2 . 
  yours is being paid by generation +2 . 
  is the cutlery eatable ? 
  i 'm affraid this does n't qualify . 
  the flags , painted and worn all over their bodies , make it pretty obvious :(, 
  if that makes you feel better , i love the nasal sound of portuguese and would take it over spanish any day  sorry , spaniards :(, 
  the vaccines only work on population level when 90 % or so specimen are vaccinated . 
  that 's why they should be mandatory . 
  i understand that there is a possible risk to health . 
  but this risk should be identified and vaccines monitored by appropriate services , not by parents who read share of share of share of share of share of facebook post . 
  as for the other concern i share it . 
  but i think it should be dealt with on a case by case basis , not with a nuke , 
  yes . 
  this regulation is the equivalent of one that says that one ca n't fiddle with traffic lights . 
  vaccines will have no effect - on a population level - if some portion of parents will have the ability to decide and decline them . 
  edit : just wanted to clear something out . 
  that 's often hard problem to take on : parents having belief that they know better what 's better for their child based solely on the fact of them being parents . 
  i remember a guy whom i work with , telling me he 's going on vacation to some remote part of amazonia and `` off the radar '' . 
  for the nezt two weeks i wondered whether or not he will get devoured by some tribesmen . 
  that 's too radically sensible to become a solution for humans . 
  first thought : `` oh , the irony '' . 
  but honestly , it 's only logical . 
  after all it 's russia who gives them money . 
   i 've got nothing for norway , at best they 'd wipe their tears with their oil money . 
  i see what you did there . 
  yeah . 
  but if we are the only empire , as in rule whole humanity , does n't the word blend ? 
  because there would be no other empires . 
  unless we will encounter dwarfs somewhere sometime soon . 
  wow . 
  and i thought that splashing girls with buckets of water is bad enough ... 
  this is repulsive : / shooting descending parachuted pilots : /, 
  as would i. 
  maybe sauds then . 
  because in the show the slovakian refute is mocked , but not the fact that saudi arabia offerred to build mosques in germany as a means of helping to relieve the immigration issue . 
  i do n't know why wealthy islamic countries do not want to take in the refugees . 
  maybe it 's the shia / sunni thing . 
  but the why we mock slovakia and then , again ? 
  is it somehow more justified to exclude shia / sunni muslims from entering your country if you are the other , while it 's unacceptable when you are predominantly christian ? 
   something something pogroms . 
  [ something something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/february_strike ), 
  i meant humane education , education in classical meaning . 
  philosophy , not applied science  which is an ability rather than knowledge . 
  by classical definition , knowledge does not serve practical purpose . 
  and `` serve '' is not used by coincidence . 
  knowledge is domain of the free . 
  edit : please do n't get me wrong , i am engineer at heart - practical , striving for optimal solution , and ultimately i work as software testing engineer . 
  but applied sciences can not shape you , contrary to common misconception of positivism and neopositivism , which are both philosophical positions , not derivates of any practical or empirical science . 
   john makes a point early in the video about using manipulative videos to alter reality and then later uses a disabled girl who dreams of being an astronaut in order to further his own viewpoint . 
  maybe the video 's structure is the point itself . 
  as in i realize it 's manipulation , so i back off and think if i have n't go too far myself sometimes . 
  john seems to be an intelligent guy , so i can only hope this was his idea . 
  nonetheless , i will have to watch him with greater vigilance in the future . 
  that 's the only solution i can think of , in a secular country . 
  such as the us , or the uk . 
  let 's just ask john , how would he like an idea of us government building a church , or zbor . 
  you almost made it , but stopped mid-way . 
  the fact that christians are no longer shitting on the streets and running around murdering each other , and jews , and muslims , comes from the very fact of high education . 
  in the dark ages , we were the uneducated , and they were the enlightened . 
  greek culture and science came to europe through islam , and they made the effort to pass it on - via the emirates of iberia . 
  and before them it was the hindu people . 
  do you know how many concepts we have received via the berber culture ? 
  two over the top of my head are `` zero '' , and running water . 
  we should do the same now , educate them and let them emerge from their dark ages . 
  history is not a straight line you know , civilizations rise and fall . 
  and due to limited space on our rock , it happens in the same continents . 
  so to a point , it 's a cycle . 
  we need to pass on our knowledge and wisdom , because who knows , how much more our civilization will last . 
  and then we need someone to pick europe up from the bottom , as the people here will be once again shitting on the streets . 
  it 's really a two edged sword , cause maintaining that not welcoming islamic values to stay here is islamophobia , at the same time make christianophobes out of ateists . 
  and it is the latter who most often make the former argument . 
  so i just learned that and want to confirm . 
  it was said that it is the most that average europeans eat ( f.i. 
  poles - with our extremely hot summers - only eat 2.7 l p.c.
