  no one wants to be the first to become decent ( = poor ) , and no one really trusts others that they will become decent later on ( and rightfully so ) , which would otherwise make the decent ones vulnerable . 
  * sigh *, 
  well , when you put it like that then of course . 
  it all depends on person 's situation . 
  i put it in non-relativistic perspective , to stress that it is more beneficial to learn the language - give that one has necessary time resources - than to rely on any kind of translation . 
  well yea , of course , they are the necessary compromise . 
  i am not deluded to think that anyone would be able to learn all the languages in the world . 
  i 'm learning six of them , so i know how much time it requires . 
  i only meant that they are not adequate . 
  and when it comes to passing the meaning there is no best one , all are equally bad . 
  love is blind , she may be infertile . 
  and i do n't like the place this definition leaves women in , now i figured out :p, 
   human beings are some diverse motherfuckers this defines humans as motherfuckers , which in turn makes me not a human : c my whole world just collapsed . 
  what am i then ?!, 
   i mean , if you do n't know any english , it might be nice to have a boring dude say all the words even if i would n't know any english i would prefer subtitles . 
  but i read a lot , so i can read fast , while some of my friends complain about subtitles in movies passing too fast . 
  people in poland either read a lot or do n't read at all , and i think this may contribute as well . 
  all are useless . 
  dubbing is breaking the original atmosphere . 
  voice overs are just creepy , with the ice cold monotonous voices saying that the house is on fire and they love someone very much . 
  and subtitles leave much of the meaning out , because they have to be concise . 
  got ta learn languages instead :p, 
  but from uk they have nowhere to go , so they stay . 
  however , it 's on all the countries that let them pass just shrugging the problem away with `` they are just passing to x '' . 
  with that attitude europe will never solve the immigration problem . 
  edit : [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4apllzay4y4&amp;t=1m35s ), 
   you ca n't detain people without a trial . 
  that goes against basic humans ' right . 
  but you can deport them for no apparent reason across europe , noted . 
  you have to just become very angry about it ( the society ) and then some politician will do it , hoping for reelection . 
  later you can just trial the guy . 
  and i still do n't get it . 
  is n't trespassing eu territory illegal in eu ? 
  do n't you need to have european id card to be able to freely move around schengen zone ? 
  these are things you can get arrested for , at least here . 
  not this obviously . 
  what is uk doing with them on the other side btw . ? 
  i would make them swim back across the channel . 
  after three runs the problem would be solved . 
  not like letting them leak abroad is going to fix anything  .  does france at least monitor it and send information over ? 
  i 'm slowly starting to get why uk wants to leave . 
  this is just international douchebaggery . 
  they 've painted their tanks orange . 
  probably will try to pass them as dutch . 
  this seems to be a wise move . 
  probably soon enough the us government will give itself the legal right to access contents of all computers with windows installed . 
  it 's called doublethinking and it 's symptomatic for russia , studied by many russian , ukrainian , belorusian , polish authors - of which i know , there are most probably also authors from other countries , of whom i 'm ignorant . 
  i ca n't remember for sure , but i think the trope is also present in year 1984 . 
  basically , you are told from everywhere around you that your country is the greatest , wealthiest , most innocent , most benevolent and so on . 
  so you start to believe in this . 
  but also , because you live in the country and experience how it 's like , you do n't stop to believe in the opposite . 
  afterwards , something like this , when you know that your country sent troops somewhere , but you also know that this are n't your countries troops is easy . 
  cause you know that your country is militarily intervening , but also you know for a fact that it 's not waging any wars . 
  yea . . 
  this is tragic , because in my opinion , the best what russian culture gave to the world is this feel of absurdity of your environment and the world you live in , the experience of events that contradict themselves ; but this cultural trope embodied in people also makes the country of russia what it shows off now . 
  so they did exluded cannon fire ? 
  sorry , i am a fool then , but i could n't find it in the report . 
  `` the damage is not consistent with bullets '' is not self-explanatory . 
  sorry , i thought this is self-explanatory . 
  but you 've provided me with the explanation i wanted . 
  thank you . 
  do not take me for provocateur . 
  i am merely a sceptic . 
  someone has to be devil 's advocate , or else we will all become demons . 
  as nietzsche might respond . 
  kind regards . 
  `` sadzi\u0107 '' in polish  i really should learn ocs . . 
  can you elaborate then ? 
  no one will get real advantage , in the end . 
  as i see it , only the end user will suffer . 
  eu carriers will have too rise prices , to cover for fuel ; but asian airliners will not be able to immediately cover for demand , so intead they will raise prices to meet those of eu carriers . 
  as this situation would not be created by something permanent , asian airlines will not be prompted by this to enlarge their fleets . 
  best answer from eu would be to ban planes with russian registrations . 
  if putin wants to go somewhere , he can go by train , or charter chinese plane . 
   the damage is not consistent with cannon damage . 
  the pre-report says `` high energy projectiles '' , bullets fullfil this definition . 
  or do you mean something else ? 
  yes . 
  we can make things up , speculate , rationalize , argue , trust and believe . 
  we do n't ** know ** . 
  oh , so now i 'm wearing tin foil hat ? 
  :p i would need to believe in aliens , i do n't need to believe in ukrainian planes , i know they exist . 
  that 's the difference . 
  like i wrote , to me the buk hypothesis does make infinitely more sense . 
  i 'm just wondering why are hard proofs withheld from the public . 
  the intelligence agencies surely have satellite images where there is buk , it fires , the missile trail can be seen and the missile can tracked to the impact . 
  i do n't want these images , i want clear statement . 
  but how do we know that ? 
  i do n't believe russian/separatists version of the story , but that does n't mean i have hard facts to dismiss it . 
  we were told that western intelligence has proof that it was air defense system , but we were not given this . 
  i do n't know , it just feels uneasy . 
  i 'll repeat what i wrote above , since it was edited in : is n't frag missile damage significantly different from cannon bullets . 
  i meant air based not land based cannon . 
  but there is infinitely less evidence to support that one . 
  edit : but mostly i wonder if this suspense is necessary , i.e. 
  is n't frag missile damage significantly different from cannon bullets . 
  saying only that it was `` pierced by fast moving objects '' leaves us with two hypothesis : missile impact and air cannon burst . 
  poland may not have had any colonies ( short of madagascar for a year i think ) , but we sure did have colonial mindset towards colonized parts of the world , as proven by some of our literature . 
   `` to build a house '' , `` to build a family '' , `` to inject '' o_o damn , it has broad meaning . 
  is there something about planting a tree there as well ?
