  you have to present proof of his fallacy * not counter-reasoning * . 
  and only then if someone is still saying `` but he is the best historian in the world '' you can fell this argument as appeal to authority . 
  by presenting counter-reasoning you are still on par with snyder 's reasoning , but that 's still not what you 're doing , because in the essence you are trying here to flip us to appeal to your authority rather than his . 
  the article you have linked is not on topic , as it 's much more general that the discussion you have started . 
  its thesis is that snyder does n't give a conclusive cause for his thesis , which - in the opinion of the author - is that stalin was the fuse of all atrocities that happened during wwii . 
  while this may be debatable , none of us here has really touched it . 
  and you ca n't argue `` he has made an error here , so he is wrong everywhere '' . 
  the matter is simple - snyder pictures a mindset that stalin had towards holodomor . 
  if you want to tear that narrative down , you have to present sources or writings of someone who supports his thesis , and not presents an interpretation of snyder 's interpretation ... btw . 
  - sis -  - ses in plural form  happy to help . 
  to be precise , argument from authority os only * the weakest one * . 
  it does n't mean it 's a fault in reasoning per se . 
  only so if there are contradictory stronger arguments at hand , like - in case of history - written sources or witness statements ( although these are still low , if not on the same level ) , pictures , maps etc. 
  i guess i just projected polish pronounciation . 
  like a proper fascist does xd i knew it is a russian word though . 
  sorry , i misunderstood you . 
  i though you meant the bolsheviks sarcastically , so i meant them in my turn . 
  omg , poland is grossly overrepresented :d, 
  abolished serfdom only to indroduce collectivisation . 
  i think i prefer enlighted monarchy the tsarate was reforming into over putinate . 
  but it 's not my choice to make . 
  yeah , i read it in timothy snyders ' * bloodlands . 
  europe between hitler and stalin . 
  * it was a result of stalin 's delusional denial of the humanitarian disaster that the collectivisation of the ukrainian agriculture really was . 
  i 'll try to translate some : `` in his interpretation of the catastrophy the collectivisation was in the last weeks of 1932 , stalin has achieved absolute heights of ideological courage . 
  the ukrainian famine , which he believed to be a fact , when it was much less drastic , became a `` fairy tale '' , a damaging gossip that was being told by the enemies . 
  he has drawn an interesting theory : the opposition against socialism intensifies the greater are the latter 's achievements , because the enemies become more and more desperate , as they can see their final defeat . 
  that way every issue inside ussr could have been pictured as enemy 's activity , which in turn could have been pointed as a proof of progress being made . 
  stalin argued that the resistance in ukraine is of particular character , which can be easily overlooked . 
  there was no open opposition , the enemies of the socialism were `` quiet '' and even `` saintly '' . 
  `` contemporary kulaks * - he argued - are mostly calm , polite , almost saint '' . 
  people that appeared as innocent should have been regarded as guilty . 
  a peasant , slowly dying of hunger was in fact a saboteur , a cogwheel in capitalist campaign aimed at discrediting ussr . 
  famine was in fact a resistance , and the resistance was a sign that the victory over capitalism is near . 
  these were not only stalin 's deliberations . 
  the same ideological line was being forced by molotov and kaganovitch , who were touring the areas of mass deaths in 1932 . 
  stalin never actually have seen deaths caused by hunger , these were however witnessed by his comrades in soviet ukraine , who had to remove somehow the discrepancy between the political line and the reality of their senses . 
  the were forced to explain inflated bellies with political resistance , and so they have come to a conclusion that the saboteurs had to hate socialism so much that they purposefully allowed their families to die off famine . 
  by this logic the bodies of sons , daughters , fathers and mothers became merely a facade behind which their adversaries were ploting to destroy socialism . 
  even the parishing themselves were sometimes pictured as enemy propagandists bringing into life purposeful plan of undermining socialism . 
  the communist ukrainian youth from cities was being thought that the hungry are enemies of the people `` risking lives to undermine our optimism '' . '', 
  the translation is not very good , but it should only convince you to pick up the book yourself . 
  it 's very well written ( depending on the translation :p ) and it 's a smooth read , which contrasts with the topic and shocks the more . 
  i also like it because the author never uses figures to describe the size of killings , but instead he shows the most accurate number of individuals that lost their lives as a result of oppression , which makes it much more personal . 
  he also states this verbatum as his mission , so we never forget that these were unimaginably many individuals that were killed by both nazis and communists , and not magnitude scales or numbers . 
  edit : sorry , i forgot about the annotation * kulak was a name with which the communists refered to private peasants that were refusing to become members of agricultural collective . 
  when stalin heard about how many people are dying because of holodomor , his first thought was reportedly that these people are provocateurs , a part of an intertational plot against ussr and that they are dying to discredit the union . 
  so bear with this , the narrative might be set not far apart from your sarcasm :d, 
  knowing your allies better , just the same as your enemies , is always beneficial . 
  numbers matter little without proper coordination and communication . 
  technology and know-how is not created in a vaccum . 
  it 's far easier to create some new tech in cooperation and while using experiences of more than just one - let 's be honest - pretty much non-combatant army . 
  in the end i feel that this is just right thing to do too . 
  but it 's definitely not non-beneficial to poland as well . 
  i think the psychology of being marginalized plays some role in this , as some people may just feel disrespected . 
  i think that madrid risks much more by not letting the people to spoke than by the opposite . 
  when a national debate is held , people can be heard out , issues can be adressed , problems can be solved , and people just might want to continue living together . 
  on the other hand , stubborn resistance is something that people hardly react positively to . 
  this is true . 
  the result was important for scotts , but not for the democracies . 
  congratulations are in order to both parties in scotland and to the uk 's government as well . 
  both separatists and loyalists have set an example and are a shining star on the dark sky of political turmoils around the world . 
  partly so . 
  we need to triangulate : shipping car from uk to poland and refitting is as economically feasible as shipping it from f.i. 
  the netherlands . 
  this shows both how cheap uk cars are and how expensive are polish . 
  sounds like a traumatic experience . 
  was he drunk as well ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  if he would throw everything at us than yea . 
  but that would require prepatations that would be visible from europa - the jupiter 's europa . 
  so nato would - i assume - prepare their own positions ( not crossing the oder , to not piss putin off more ) and so it still would n't take him just two days :d, 
  we will just use anti-missile shield . 
  oh wait ... thanks , obama !, 
  you lose ~ 6 hours when they refit train carriages between russian and european track sizes . 
  this must be it . 
  you can sell it to poland . 
  after refitting to right hand traffic it 's still cheaper than our own secondary market . . 
  [ maestro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcyppas6zdi ), 
  of course . 
  but traditionally , you die with dignity , when you are not afraid to sacrifice your life in defence of some person or idea . 
  while nowadays , people tend to care more about the circumstances of death . 
  it would not be surprising to hear from someone that palestinians die without dignity , because they are being slaughtered like cattle , while this murderer can die with dignity - i.e. 
  non-violently and in a clean room . 
  for me personally the reason to sacrifice one 's life is definitive . 
  and you ca n't gain dignity as a personal characteristic , when the death was not meant to achieve anything . 
  i understand what this other `` dignity '' means , and i concur - it is much better to die softly , instead after years of agonizing pain - but i think that the use of word `` dignity '' is misleading , and it unjustifiably nobilitates such act . 
  but , for me at least , this creates a real problem only in case of stories like the one in op . 
  how can a murdered die with dignity , when on top of being a murderer , his decision comes from unacceptance on his circumstances ? 
  he has no prospects of release , but still , he can educate himself , write a novel , make poetry , or maybe he has some talents in mathematics , he could make an ablution , which could be kathartic to some of his victims families . 
  so he could still be usefull to society and could repay his debts by creating . 
  but instead he chose to escape . 
  this is not dignifying in my mind . 
  if they are so miserable there , why not evacuate them . 
  russia will need plentiful of farmers pretty soon . 
  yes , and in xvii century poland was actively supressing ukrainian independence , so how come we are so hyped over it , right ? 
  and in iii century b.c. 
  rome was acting to supress hellenic culture , so it makes sense that italy side with russia on that . 
  you can always find [ excuses ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr-a4qfhzba&amp;t=1m06s ) to not improve the world yourself , showing others around you who do the same . 
  in ethics that 's called * dirty hands argument * `` it 's true that i do x , but so is everyone else '' , and it 's high on my bullshit arguments list  this is exactly why world is going to shit .
