anything that does n't ignore economic rationality for far right politics is wrong . 
  you realise / r/fullcommunism is a circlejerk sub ? 
  and even if it was n't , what in any way , shape or form does that have to do with anything ? 
  are people only allowed to be far right to have opinions or post to / r/europe ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  so you 're claiming 400 people did not apply for jobs at mcdonald 's ? 
  right , now tell me what precisely has the irish negotiating tactic won again ? 
  funny how even when syriza bows to almost every single demand the troika makes , where every economist is on their side ( including the imf economists , just not their politicians ) , you fucking people like to fantasize about the evil lefties . 
  fucking deluded the lot of you . 
   yeah the imf are assholes but that does n't excuse how syriza has acted and how have syriza acted ? 
  in the best interests of greece ? 
  how terrible that they would try negotiate a better deal on the mandate the greek people elected them on . 
  you do n't need to be a socialist to realise troikanomics is horseshit and that the imf has consistently behaved irresponsibility over the past 6 years . 
   ignoring that your statement is facile nonsense and a total separation from what is actually happening in greece and in europe , i 'd much rather that to this absolutely farcical political organisation we claim is democratic . 
  me , literally an inch above your comment . 
  this is n't what 's happening , it 's never been what 's happening , and i do n't know where you people are getting this ignorant idea that this is what 's happening . 
  italy , greece , ireland and greece again show that i am deadly serious . 
  yeah , democracy works through extortion of states through an unaccountable , unelected bank acting entirely outside of its mandate by withdrawing your access to you fucking currency . 
  democracy works through an unaccountable bureaucracy making your economic decisions . 
  democracy works through you literally not being allowed to change policies with government . 
  democracy , as our good friend jean-claude juncker likes to remind us , `` does not exist outside the european treaties '' . 
  as our unwavering ally wolfgang sch\u00e4uble likes to tell us children , that `` there are elections , and then there are rules '' . 
  what a fantastic democracy we all live in !, 
  ignoring that your statement is facile nonsense and a total separation from what is actually happening in greece and in europe , i 'd much rather that to this absolutely farcical political organisation we claim is democratic . 
  i know i 'm personally in full support of syriza and what it 's doing . 
  the troika has overstepped its boundaries and is attempting to , for the fourth time , silently coup of a democratically elected government through economic coercion and domineering . 
  let this time be their failure . 
  it creates this `` other '' that is n't actually there . 
  what 's the difference between myself , a white irish man , and an arab half way across the world ? 
  we go through the same daily struggles , getting a job , holding that down , dealing with our bosses , maintaining our relationships and possibly having a family , which will then both proceed to worry about the safety of . 
  a border between us does n't change that , but this idea of one nation , one people , makes it sound as if there is . 
  i have more in common with the average joe in venezuela than i do with wealthiest people in my own country . 
  yet the ideas involved in nationalism would make it seem like there was . 
  that myself and the likes of denis o'brien - or bill gates or whichever archetypal rich person - have more in common with me than the average joe in some other country does , i think is just demonstrably wrong . 
  my own community has dealt with the effects of nationalism . 
  protestant death squads burning catholics out of their homes and the ira bombing people into jelly , and for what ? 
  what do we have to show for it but `` peace walls '' splitting communities in half based on religion and a political culture based on fear of other people , people who are fundamentally no different to me . 
  that 's why i think nationalism is toxic . 
  it does n't bring people together , it forces them apart . 
  do n't worry yourself , they wo n't . 
  notice how a deconstruction of every myth in the anti-foreigner playbook yields no response other than a downvote . 
  it 's no different to what 's being advocated normally . 
  what 's the difference between consigning people to die on hundreds of little boats , or die before they even get to these boats in the first place , and packing them all onto one big boat before sinking it yourself ? 
  functionally , none . 
  that 's not an alternative , that 's the status quo which is *** obviously *** not good enough . 
  if it was good enough this would n't be happening in the first place . 
  that 's a great feel-good cover story you 've got there but these smugglers are their only way into europe and that 's because of our governments ' policies . 
  if `` we '' gave two shits about `` organised crime '' we 'd actually offer a legal alternative . 
  ignoring that we bombed some of these countries , and ignoring the fact that we 've sold weapons to the rest of them , and ignoring the fact that all of them have a history of colonialism by us , during which we stole all their resources , drew arbitrary lines and called them nations , and systemically denied them any education , and then blame it all on them when it went belly up . 
  ignoring all of that , legally immigrating into europe is really , really fucking hard . 
  our policies are strict as fuck . 
  the only way you get into europe is if you 're either rich or educated . 
  these people do n't have either of those luxuries . 
  refer to the first paragraph . 
  we take a pathetic number of refugees in accordance to our world economy . 
  absolutely and utterly pathetic . 
  there are as many refugees out in the world today as there was at the end of world war ii . 
  our policy is to pretend they 're not real . 
  and when they somehow get here , we treat them like subhuman filth . 
  we have taken less than 10,000 refugees from the syrian civil war , turkey has taken 1 million , lebanon 1.5 million - a third of their population - and jordan another million , just under a fifth of their population . 
  and people have the audacity to claim that we do n't have the capacity to take refugees . 
  let me give you some examples of how refugees die getting here . 
  first of all , if they come from central africa , where most of them do , they have to cross the sahara . 
  plenty of them die doing that which we do n't care about . 
  far from our borders , so it 's understandable to a degree . 
  then they have to cross through the warzone that is libya , a country who 's only population is trying to flee . 
  then they have to cross the ocean on shitty boats . 
  if they decide to go through morocco , getting into europe is a bit easier , you can get into the spanish enclaves or cross the narrow strait . 
  that is if you do n't get picked up by the moroccan police , dropped in the desert to die , or shot . 
  does that sound like staying where they are is an option to these people ? 
  no it does n't . 
  yet we would pretend that they do n't exist and that they should stay where they are . 
  1 billion fucking people are not trying to get into europe . 
  that 's a farcical statement with no basis in reality used to drum up fear of relaxing border controls . 
  mare nostrum cost the italian government 9 million euros a month and saved 45,000 people from drowning . 
  due to the rest of europe being greedy fucks , they did n't contribute so the program was closed down , and trident , with a third of the funding , was opened up . 
  trident only extends out to 50 km from the italian coast , so might as well not exist as far as drowning refugees are concerned . 
  to legally claim asylum , you have to go through a lengthy process through which you will likely be denied . 
  in ireland for example , people are put in detention centers for years on end , refused the right to work , and then can get deported at any given time . 
  so do n't talk about the `` legal process '' when the legal process is extremely restrictive , varies from country to country , and will in no way , shape , or form take as many people as are needed . 
  the reality is that the `` democratic '' and `` free '' governments of europe are happy to take these people in for cheap labour when it suits them , then throw them out when they might have to start treating them like human beings . 
  the average person under influence of the right wing media gets scared of immigrants because they might jeopardize their jobs and strain their state , but instead of blaming their governments for failing to have a progressive economy where the wealthy actually pay their dues , they buy into the scaremongering and blame refugees for everything . 
  this entire situation is a farce . 
  it 's a total , unmitigated farce . 
  pretty much the most powerful woman in europe , i 'm not surprised . 
  nationalism is always toxic , but as someone quite a long way away i 'm more worried about it at home , not somewhere in the balkans . 
  destroy libya , then destroy people 's only way of escaping . 
  european freedom ^ tm at least when gadaffi was around we could pay him to do this and pretend we were still the good guys . 
   state owned companies in poland are inefficient , domniated by nepotism and corruption \\  implying private companies do n't have these working in mines is an unhealthy , dangerous job . 
  why should they not be compensated ? 
  if the reforms are targeting workers , good . 
  `` there will be no cuts !, 
  we 'll just cut the ` privileges ' of miners , sell off the industry to private interests who only care about the polish people , and then stop subsidizing cheaper coal !, 
  no cuts , see ? '', 
  damn trade unions , securing jobs , better conditions and pay rises !, 
  why ca n't everyone just see if we just let the free market do everything it would all work out ? 
  i do n't know what it is but the majority of polish people on here seem to be very far right neoliberals and just love shock doctrine economics . 
  like people talk about all the problems in the uk now with unemployment , huge inequality , pretty much everywhere outside of london sucking - how do they think it got that way ? 
  magic ? 
  they 're doing the right thing by fighting against privatisation which inevitably leads to mass unemployment and poor standards for those who do n't get fired .
