  i am willing to give up of the `` goods ? '', 
  and some heating . 
  we have freedom of speech over here . 
  only germans are crazy enough to do it . 
  many eastern europeans lost respect to germany since refuge crisis . 
  its not all about $ $ $ merkol, 
  which german city has most expensive housing ? 
  leberk\u00e4se is the bomb, 
  aww we gon na get rekt :|, 
  i recieved similar fine last year in germany . 
  i downloaded season finale of homeland and foo fighers album . 
  total fine was 1350 $, 
  showed this to my classmate from mezzina . 
  made his day . 
  `` this is me '', 
  what is slovio ? 
  slovio is na international language which is understood by 400 million people all over the world , ... 
  omg i 'm slovenian i can understand everything, 
  we have no industry so it rather easy, 
  i got repelled really fast have n't it ? 
  well , you gon na lose them . 
  money will flee the country when you throw heavy taxation on richer folks . 
  remember france 's 75 % rate ? 
  they certainly can . 
  wiping cookies , history , searches and using incognito should be enough . 
  i put it on alcohol, 
  balkans get into fight between each other, 
  recently became friends with 5 finns . 
  can confirm, 
   `` well there is a number of 311 or so but none who have come back have been arrested . 
  i think our terrorism law is not functioning well enough , '' he says . 
  when you have laws which enables you to do that you should expect the worst things to happen . 
  ca n't be more true . 
  source : exchange student in manchester, 
  everything below me is balkan . 
  i hate everything but \u010devapi :d, 
  because 3 are too mainstream, 
  we are losing citiy after city, 
  god that cancer of music was brought to slovenia and slovenes seems to like it . 
  i really can not wrap my head around how on earth could you listen to this music . 
  \u010dajke a.k.a \u010defurska music is greatest red flag for me when assesing people . 
  every club and bar who wants to attract people seems to play this music . 
  you mean constantinople ? 
  west part, 
  i was really surprised at first , but then i thought to my self , hey this guy is right :d, 
  do you differentiate between eastern european and balkan languages ? 
  haha thats sad , i would see it as external motivation . 
  why would n't you allow healthy and fit body to be displayed ? 
  that one step closer to being fat nation . 
  i had vietnamese friend who had studied in germany but could not travel to other eu countries , legally . 
  at least he said so . 
  but you are not atheists i see, 
  slovene can confirm . 
  always dry . 
  cola sugar is more than enough, 
  damn that 's tough . 
  i can not see my self living in such conditions :d you are special people !, 
  ukraine : crimea always belonged to russia, 
  stigma about albanians is really bad with whoever i speak to . 
  connotation with bad things only such as mafia . 
  really sad because i know that you are mostly just fine but get the stick because of a few . 
  something like with gypsys and romanians . 
  it 's netherlands, 
  which are going to be rerouted through armenia . 
  this is just pr, 
  was thinking of flat share ( a room with girlfriend ) . 
  she is native german speaker , me an a2 so far . 
  what kind of jobs beside support one is able to get with master 's degree in accounting . 
  is the business climate inclined to employing students with interships ? 
  we are not looking for long term employment ( max 6 months ), 
  how hard is to find internship as a eu citizen ( english c2 ) in bussines sector ? 
  i prefer it to duolingo . 
  it put more emphasis on learning vocabulary . 
  duolingo was tiresome because it punishes you for grammar . 
  i have a austrian girlfriend :d, 
  memrise , course `` german 4 '', 
  proud to be in the most of the isle of skye 's pubs, 
  poland . 
  i realise it 's totally personal view . 
  as i 've mentioned in the original post it most probably boils down to personal experience mostly . 
  that not necessary correlated , though . 
  it does n't says how productive are people who smoke . 
  both are bad in excessive quantities . 
  alcholol even exceeds in `` real damage '' in my view . 
  although i would have completely different opinion of someone if that person smoked one joint or would drink one beer on saturday evening . 
  unpopular opinion : i think less of the people who smoke . 
  maybe is just from experience . 
  most of them tend to be unreliable , unproductive and far away from reaching their potential . 
  this is meant for regular users . 
  downvote me, 
  i should have . 
  i want uber to succeed only because of scums like this . 
  damn , that triggers . 
  taxi driver wearing something like this charged me 200 $ for taxi drive from warsaw to modlin while verbally reassuring me that his fare is 1.5 $ / km before starting the journey ( it 's like 40km ride ) . 
  in the end he just pulled out some paper and show the `` official '' 5 $ / km fare . 
  fuck that guy . 
  i was furious for days, 
  why would you continue to live in a country like this . 
  at least in a short term i would consider seeking opportunities elsewhere until conditions come back to normal ( if they ever will ) . 
  ever considered vpn ?
