you can do it with 5 + years of economic setback compared to staying part of spain, 
  correlation is obvious but is causality ? 
  i would say, 
  god that 's depressing scenery, 
  what a boring city to live in , but great post . 
  i live in a village so who am i to speak , village 15min from adriatic coast :d i have been studying in frankfurt for 6months and i can just say those little cities around it are rather boring . 
  monotonous architecture , lack of contrast , color and ... life . 
  from comment section : points out something which is in my eyes ignored from brexiters hereisathought the status quo is that we are in the eu . 
  in the end what counts for people is their economic well being . 
  if the brexiters want to change the status quo they must explain how we are going to be better off and better able to pay for all the things we want and need ( health , education etc ) by leaving . 
  this is not just about contributions etc because the economy is much more complicated than that . 
  what nobody has explained is how britain is going to be able to go to economies such as us , china , india , europe ( ex uk ) which are much larger than ours and get a good deal . 
  especially when they know we are desperate and alone . 
  what are going to be our bargaining chips - in other words what do we have that the others want ? 
  do not assume they are going to be only economic - one eu price may be our seat on the un security council for example, 
  just lol . 
  there has to be a line when we say stop with that bullshit all right, 
  so misleading title my eyes hurt . 
  independent is russian owned newspaper which obvious agenda, 
  i 'm in, 
  this is so naive method . 
  it 's just linear line with some incline . 
  neglects of possible geopolitical shifts that could occur in the mean time . 
  really useless projection . 
  for 5 million nation perhaps, 
  same in slovene, 
  it is but it does n't mean there is less risk . 
  this graph does n't really show the security measures which mitigated terrorists attacks in recent years . 
  this is nicely shown with occurrence vs. scale of attack . 
  in recent there is less attacks due to higher security but those who happen are bigger , mostly due to drive and motivation of terrorists . 
  to say that there is less liability today compared to 80-90is is in my opinion completely naive . 
  it 's crazy to think that western europe became so dangerous to travel . 
  i know that is fairly uncommon but just the feel of safety you had is gone . 
  it depends which organization measures it . 
  i took it from world factbook if i remember correctly . 
  but point stands even its `` only '' 5500km, 
  nah , just lookup dubrovnik , kor\u010dula , old zadar city . 
  you can easily relate to your example . 
  what really stands out for me is [ this ] ( http://eoimages.gsfc.nasa.gov/images/imagerecords/50000/50025/croatia_etm_2002275_lrg.jpg ) . 
  so much diversity , beaches , bays that you can find your own peace anywhere . 
  just compare coastline lengt and population . 
  italy has over 60mil people while croatia has little over 4 mil , but coast lenght is really close ( 7,600 vs 6,268 ) . 
  you can draw similarities with greece, 
  italian coast is nothing like croatian . 
  thanks, 
  interesting fact : ship triglav was part of a deal of paying off russian debt to slovenia ( from yu and ussr times ) between russia and slovenia, 
  thanks great read, 
  is it allowed to copy full text here ? 
  i dont have subscription, 
  i do n't know , but we do n't have those `` discount stores '' like you do and it probably just boils down to operation costs . 
  our discount stores ( hofer , lidl ) sale only standarized `` fake '' jagr , whiskey , vodka , ... 
  we live 15km apart edit : i go to ita few times a year for cheap alcohol :d, 
  you call us `` kranjski janezi '' which irritates us, 
  for a long time after the ww2 , europe converged to the us in terms of gdp per capita and in terms of labour productivity . 
  this catching up pattern experienced two major breaks in the last 30 years . 
  * gdp per capita convergence ended after 1975 * labour productivity started diverging from us levels after 1995 why has convergence stopped ? 
  two explanations . 
  the level of output per capita depends on : quantity of labor input ( hours worked ) and efficiency of labor input ( output per hour worked ) the last one depends on labour quality , capital intensity and total factor productivity : tfp indicated the impact of technological progress , knowledge and organizational changes . 
  two possible reasons why we lag behind * europeans work less than americans . 
  hours worked per capita are between 12 and 24 higher in the us compared to eu countries . 
  * eu lags behind us in terms of new technologies , innovations , knowledge and management practices . 
  in the 90s us experienced a surge of technological innovation linked to inforamtion and communication technologies . 
  a shift in management practices was underway , which strongly emphasized shareholder 's interests . 
  it was also perios of deregulation . 
  hence , one of the main reasons for reversal of productivity convergence of eu towards us since the mid 90s has probably been the slower diffusion of ict and management practices . 
  hehe . 
  both have pluses and minuses . 
  i am on lg g3 , so . 
  android is so more flexible with those things especially with root . 
  for ipad i use strickly ifunbox because with itunes i can not do jack shit . 
  i am used to freedom regarding file browser i want to see and modify every single file  ) ), 
   but i ca n't fucking use that storage because itunes quit fucking working fuck !!, 
   whispers `` jailbreak and ifunbox '', 
  slovenia reporting in . 
  24th is eclipse, 
  slovenia : english from age 11-18 italian from age 12-18 so you have two mandatory languages . 
  english and either german/italian/spanish / french/latin, 
  bangladesh really likes everyone . 
  germany has weak support on merkel, 
  what about this http://images0.zurnal24.si/slika-_original-1308042391-73694.jpg, 
  guys guys . 
  this is like fountain in dota2 . 
  you know that you shouldnt enter the fountain but you hope you will somehow trick it . 
  you die instatly when you enter . 
  a way to raise gdp \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  slovenia as well , how many times are we left behind :| edit : alrigh it seems bacuse we are too lazy to post to euro comission, 
  i figure they will make hefty investment into security . 
  maybe a way of turning them into hyper productive mode, 
  they were truly untouchable, 
  they are afraid of some imaginary state and devalueing the matters that are actually happening . 
  yes lebanon is really interesting case . 
  but i think it turning for worse , christians are getting squeezed out . 
  damn , how are our flags similar . 
  isnt lebanon the one who had christianity in majority in 20th century . 
  but is it really possible ? 
  i mean is there any prosperous islam county with democratical ruling system which tolerate minorities of any kind ? 
  this would be an experiment like no other . 
  they have their way of life which contains some for us totally unacceptable rules . 
  and if you bear in mind that this area is heavily influenced by the likes of saudis and n qataris i really ca n't see it succeeding unless we deal with those actors first . 
  ban saudi arabia and qatar from international trade .
