  then i guess he decided it was not worth the 100 mineral loss to replace it . 
  that he did not notice himself like the casters where saying a few times seems out of this world to me . 
  yeah that sounds plausible, 
  this shit is getting better and better !, 
  much love man . 
  i am entertained !, 
  good to see things are back to normal, 
  thank you for posting this !, 
  and thank you pig !, 
  they are just as free as sentry forcefields , only costs energy . 
  if you are mining out the map or floating really high in minerals it can totally be worth it . 
  yes yes yes the unit had a massive re-design and you can not use it exactly like you did before and thusly you do n't like it . 
  we get it . 
  how about playing a while longer and trying to use it in other roles , with other compositions before making these statements ? 
  after the first wave of troubles comes to job , he stoically accepts what happens as god 's will . 
  it is god who gives and , therefore , god can take away . 
  you 're ready for the ladder mate . 
  yes but op is suggesting that it gets added . 
  imagine having both the white dots indicating number of units queued up and the circular progress showing how long until the unit that is currently being produced is completed . 
  i think its a nice idea . 
  whirlwind is gon na be guud i hope , feels like we did n't have a properly big map for quite some time . . 
  heres a few suggestions to help you sleep at night :, 
  * evolution ( men also have nipples , but whyyyy ? ), 
  * they are tattoos ( he 's a dark templar you know , rockin that alternative style ), 
  * they are not nipples but something else that just looks similar ( its an alien species , it could literary be anything . 
  perhaps its his second set of nostrils ), 
  pick n choose mate, 
  hey i can imagine !, 
  i would never ever find the patience to achieve that . 
  the similarity in the way they talk is kinda hilarious . 
  hey i had no idea about this . 
  kinda rough on him . 
  i remember not being the biggest fan , it felt like he tried too hard sometimes instead of just being himself . 
  but i still very much appreciated his content and work . 
  you need [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv13gl0a-fa ), 
  who is this plebian ??? 
  who the fuck does n't know soo ???!?!, 
  i hope his on fresh mmr and facing some bronze guy, 
  as a protoss player with a slow ass army defending terran drops i wish i had sensor towers :(, 
  are you refering to the new patch or protoss in general lotv ?? 
  in lotv a lot better for sure . 
  hots was a lot of fun as well but the gameplay feels more diverse now . 
  even if its still about defending and staying back in pvz and pvt you can at later stages split and move your army more freely . 
  in new patch . . ive never been a fan of playing turtlemode skytoss , but guess it is a alternative cool for if it becomes properly viable . 
  time will tell . 
  someone took a defensive posture . 
  it 's just a bit of a laugh mate , we can see you 're a strong and independent zerg . 
  isnt there the option of html5 webm with sound ?? 
  or does that not run on phones ? 
  that must have made you real mad :(, 
  let me fuck you real hard to help you feel better again ; ; , 
  lol really ? 
  it looks so much like liquid green . 
  and i mean the sound . . 
  dude carriers got a massive buff just a few days ago . 
  give it some time and lets see what happens, 
  perhaps he decided to build 230 drones and fucking go for it ?? 
  sos sickest strats , has sickest builds . 
  someone is working hard to claim patience 's throne i see, 
  also half life is not a guy ... 
  are you saying zerg is the easiest race ? 
  i 'm just #triggering relax everyone . 
  my reason is not balance whine , but more about how protoss goes through such big changes , forcing us to really work over things . 
  felt like we had to do that more than any of the other races when lotv was released as well ( which was fine cause that was actually a new expansion ) . 
  too busy nowdays to have the time and will to put all that effort in . 
  i 've seen this piece more than once and i really recommend it . 
  one should perhaps question the validity of many things being said here , but it is still extremely interesting to see their condemnatory perspective . 
  obviously north korea is an awful country . 
  but that does not mean they what they say about yours is useless . 
  come and live with me stats !!, 
  we theres plenty of space in the livingroom . 
  we can take turns playing on my macbook , it will be dope !, 
  i will cook for you and you will show me the way of the toss < 3, 
  looking forward to turtling it out on honorgrounds, 
  this . 
  echo plays awfully in lotv . 
  is this for real ? 
  why would people do that . . ? 
  just open safe and scout early . . yeah it might be quite a disadvantageous opening for you now and then . 
  so what ? 
  i think people are used to their one or two openings and are not willing to adjust . 
  you 're the one having to learn three races for gods sake . 
  by the logic of `` i will be behind because of the opener '' people should also leave all games where they get slightly crippled early game or make smaller build order misstakes / gets their third cancelled by speedlings / etc. 
  how many games out of all one play on ladder is vs a random player on a 4 player map that you unluckily scout late ?? 
  not that many . . do n't see an issue here . 
  do n't know how it is for other races . 
  but i 'm a protoss and i usually do fine . 
  if i pylonscout i might know before my gate is finished . 
  from there i can continue with standard openings vs all matchups . 
  worst case scenario if i scout last on 4player maps i end up with the choice of a delayed 2nd gateway ( for pvp or some 3rax shizzle ) or a nexus . 
  making a second gateway before nexus will leave you behind in pvz and pvt yes , but that 's really not a big deal at all on my level ( low masters ) and definitely not any level below . 
  and yes , if theres a cheese/1base incoming you can totally defend that with 3 or 4 gates & robo / stargate vs any race . 
  its going to have to be a bit of a longer answer to adress your questions . 
  but just so you know , the main point i was trying to make is that a slight lead wo n't mean the end of the game . 
  if my expansion is later i can put pressure to catch up in workers , i can tech or upgrade faster , i can take a third base faster , if i defend drops well maybe i can catch up . 
  i feel like the impact of crispness in openers is permeated with statements casters makes on pro matches . 
  for us normies it is always more opportunities to catch back up . 
  but on the openers :, 
  my go to pvt opener is standard 1gate , 1 gas , nexi , core , 2nd gas , 2nd pylon . 
  you know the shit everyone does .
