  the opening you faced is what all protoss opens 95 % of times in pvt ( unless one basing ) because it is safe against reapers . 
  some skip msc in order to get more probes and faster tech . 
  some gets adepts , some gets stalker . 
  you can not draw any particular conclusions from that yet . 
  a pylon overcharge rush is sniffed out by identifying a probe or the msc moving out on the map . . 
  ( 3 ) you can not draw any conclusions on what the next tech structure is going to be either really . 
  unless you see something unusual , like less than 6 probes mining gas . 
  spending gas on a sentry or continuous stalker production is just as likely as a stargate , robo or twilight . 
  the whole reason to why terrans does go reaper expand opener in tvp is because they can not draw enough conclusions from what your scv scout first saw and use the reaper to try and gain that intel . 
  and indeed protoss makes their msc and gateway unit to deny the scout . 
  sorry for being so harsh . 
  i know you 're acting to do nice things and it 's thoughtful . 
  but it needs to be more accurate . 
  hot6 + soju + hongdae = good times, 
  why so fucking cool in every single way chris ??? 
  the only thing that is not ice is the flower, 
  well good point . 
  but i ment in the sculpture , referring to the title of the post . 
  your stream is absolutely great mcanning !, 
  this . 
  if keep track of what your opponent invests in , if you see a lot of corruptors , producing voids is often a good idea . . if it 's more lirker/ultra heavy ... immortals/archons . 
  turning 27 soon as well , but never too old for sc2 it seems , this game just gets funnier for each year, 
  you forgot the part where they cry and whine about balance, 
  agree , music and audio in general in sc2 is n't that great . 
  i really like artosis casting . 
  tasteless is a nice guy but i really wish he got into the game a bit more and stop only making jokes and comparing it to bw . 
  this is fucking great . 
  thanks to everyone involved in making this, 
  while eating well and feeling well before a game is important , i think it comes down more to eating well several hours before the game , as well as getting good sleep . 
  when i was a ( more or less ) professional volleyball player , we always ate tons of food 4-5 hrs before a game , carbs as well as fat and protein . 
  we also made sure to drink plenty of water . 
  1-2 hrs before we would just eat a banana or a piece of chocolate if we were hungry . 
  point of this being to have digested the food properly before playing but not getting too hungry until the game was over . 
  sc2 is not as physical , but i believe the same goes for staying alert and focused a long time like the game requires . 
  whats ideal is totally up to you , as long as you eat a proper meal , its more about when you eat . 
  protoss here so i 'll try to advice you on scouting vs my race !, 
  reaper is great , if you can pull off a scout on what tech structure is planted after cyber core with it i 'd say that it has done it 's job . 
  remember that not only the structure is what 's important , but also gases , pylons and probes . 
  a twilight can be for both defensive purposes ( typically blink and combined with a robo ) , for an all in , like 6-8 gate glaves adept or dt harass . 
  dunno if it 's different in gold , but in general you should expect a third base not long after these tech structures if you play standard . 
  try to get into the habit of sending a marine or an scv around the map to check the third base location , or your reaper if it 's still alive . 
  next stage of scouting is more about finding out what composition the protoss is going for . 
  which you will if you play standard mmm ( or/and mine/liberator ) drop play . 
  it 's perfectly fine to scan at this point as well . 
  colossi is making a comeback , so you wan na know if you face that , disruptor or storm . 
  if you showed a lot of liberators and the game is at or past a 4th base stage , be on the lookout for a tempest transition . 
  think about scouting as a tool to use when you are uncertain of what choice your going to make and learn to implement it in your build where these choices needs to be made . 
  can you get a third base or not ?? 
  well in a standard game you should be able to if toss has made one . 
  make sure you have that information ready when it 's time to make your decision, 
  sorry if this is messy wrote on my phone , can review later if anything is unclear, 
  wow ca n't believe i did n't know this either !, 
  thanks !, 
  they will not be able to target the hatch if on hold in this situation . 
  im afraid not because as soon as a unit switches from attacking to hold it will just autotarget that with most priority ( which would be the lings ) . 
  and if you click attack on the hatch the holdposition is revoked . 
  they would only target the hatch if theres no enemy unit within range to target, 
  why is n't myungsik playing ??!!, 
  stalker , immortal , warp prism, 
  this makes me feel so warm inside, 
  what are you talking about man ... avilo is an idiot who deserves no attention . 
  only a fool would take his accusations seriously and there is no problem to be dealt with here . 
  what the accusations to go away ? 
  stop listening to what he has to say . 
  perhaps it 's you who need to realise that you just love to hate him . 
  this thing right here !, 
  then korea is gon na be rough : /, 
  could you try a little bit harder for your karma op ? 
  so yea this was a troll post from my friend . 
  thanks for the for the replies guys . 
  no need for a movie mate , just come to sweden any time during winter . 
  its always like that here, 
  my roommate is 28 today , good enough ? 
  omg thats so fucking sweet . 
  loved his acting in the series already , he 's a really great character . 
  but now he raised the fucking roof, 
  this is kinda the standard decent thing to do in sweden . 
  it 's that rare in america ? 
  your stream is the best man . 
  keep it up !, 
  more gg more skill, 
  the game was kinda over anyways, 
  the voidray is strong in some situations . 
  queens are not armored , which is why it does n't do too much dmg . 
  upgrades where likely a factor in this specific engagement as well . . 
  dude he shooped this . . 
  [ whaat ] ( https://youtu.be/kw_ikw-z2he?t=266 ), 
  someones been watching julian i see, 
  what about salaries ? 
  what 's the difference between the monthly salary of a top team in korea like skt1 or kt rolster in comparison to team liquid , millenium or other non korean teams ? 
  and do n't they have additional benefits like housing and food included as well ? 
  i 'm not making an argument , simply saying that more factors can be included to make the discussion more fruitful . 
  as i said i was n't trying to formulate an argument . 
  and indeed , maybe i am . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that it 's misleading to discuss the highest earnings of different players without actually discussing all of their earnings . 
  indeed . 
  i hate terrans as well . 
  liquipedia is your friend for dates and times of all tournaments . 
  looks like someone was given an unfair amount of up-votes in a post nine months ago . 
  well u sure showed us buddy .
