  versions i used to carry back in my quake days . 
  protoss is already suffering . 
  this would have massive inpact . 
  it would fuck up earlygame pvp . 
  do you want queens to spawn with 0 energy as well ?? 
  i think they should . 
  i kill the queens and zerg just remake them , like wtf ... 
  i 've got 15 '' version and it works fine for me . 
  i play on lowest settings cause it 's easier on my eyes , but it would probably be no problem to raise them to at least medium . 
  make zealots/adepts / more viable and scalable towards lategame . 
  could be solved with a second , late-tier research like crackling , or change how the upgrades function . 
  protoss would be way more fun if we were allowed a style with more map presence in early/mid game were we could have multiple armies . 
  this would indeed change so much . 
  or at least increase its cost . . 
  but . . but . . but . . reeeeeee, 
  archon is harder to play if you 're used to 1v1 . 
  i end up with indecisive unit movement and bad responses to what we scout . 
  prefer 2v2, 
  did n't huk qualify as well ? 
  alright !, 
  it 's quite likely that she knows a few basics about the game if she managed to figure out what a pylon is and that she could buy a lamp that looks like one . 
  sure she might not know a lot about starcraft but this post and many like it often shows some transparency . 
  as do all kinds of posts though . 
  and i do n't necessarily see a problem with that, 
  you make me happy !, 
  will we ever be able to listen to you casting starcraft again ?? 
  hey i 100 % agree on that . 
  they spread their happiness and that 's just nice . 
  its just when there are too many of one kind of posts i get a bit pessimistic . 
  maybe the haters just wish they had a gf . . :-), 
  happy new years !, 
  thats a word i have not heard in a long time, 
  thanks for replying . 
  and i 'm really sorry to hear that :(, 
  hope that the future holds great things for you , truly you deserve it . 
  you , brendan and moonglade casting spl was always my favourite thing about sc2 . 
  try hiding your proxy so that protoss cant do that to you all the time, 
  or just download any app that does it automatically ... https://showmore.com/screenshot-snapchat-without-notification.html, 
  i was joking mate but if it happens very often it 's quite strange tbh . 
  they should n't find it that early all the time . 
  [ good ol' kuleshov effect ] ( http://www.elementsofcinema.com/images/kuleshov.png ), 
  dude you are one of the least whiny people out there . 
  it 's okay to be frustrated and to complain sometimes . 
  there 's a big difference in doing it constantly and preemptively and your way . 
  stay strong mate . 
  i like you, 
  fucking tvp tanksop liberatorsop minesop mappoolop battlecruisersop reeeeeeee, 
  nate does it . 
  in combo with mech its actually hard to face . 
  players like mcanning have highlighted this as well . 
  my post was n't too serious though , but it seems as it was not very appreciated . 
  countered by queens , spores , mutas , corruptors , vipers , hydras , corrosive bile . 
  also if the zerg just puts 10 or so zerglings to follow the prism dropping the immortal wont really work out . 
  i find drop micro to be a nice asset to the game . 
  great players like buyn proves that they can get more done with less because of it . 
  removing it sounds very dull . 
  i see this guy all over reddit . 
  i get it that hes sort of a youtube celebrity/character , but does he actually `` do something '' other than talk in his videos , or , why is he famous ? 
  my general problem with aoe is that compared to starcraft i feel like i really lack control over my units . 
  i do realise that the game has a lot of difficulties that starcraft may not have . 
  it seems like keeping up with macro is complex in aoe , with such massive bases and many resources available . 
  but when it comes to micro and general unit interaction , starcraft is a whole different thing . 
  facing off vs a totally new player , who still started the game with exactly the same build as me , i could most likely immediately go and kill him with just a few basic units . 
  nice video . 
  agree on most parts . 
  i quite enjoyed playing protoss before the patch though . 
  was far from perfect but to me in its best stage this far . 
  3.8 messed up everything . 
  hope that we could see some changes soon . 
  i literary can not win a single pvt nowadays , no matter what i try , it is very frustrating . 
  i see !, 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  thank you !, 
  well games can be great in many ways . 
  i never fancied aoe but i know a lot of people do . 
  it 's been around for ages and is still quite popular . 
  in that sense , it seems like a great game to me . 
  very nice video !, 
  thanks for making this, 
  i play it now and then still . 
  it 's quite often people queuing up in the custom games section . 
  at least on eu . 
  yea toss was slightly overpowered then , but it was n't at all as big as it is now . 
  terran having to turtle was honestly just turning the tide . 
  protoss has been in that position for years and is perhaps today more than ever . 
  moving out of your base vs terran as well as zerg has always spelled death for protoss . 
  quite long , 5-10 minutes !, 
  i 'm usually not the one hosting a game , but when i see one available in `` open games '' i join in . 
  i 'm going to have to get back to you later tonight with the map names . 
  probably byun, 
  you 're terran ... arent you ? 
  why does it look that way though ? 
  thanks for posting this !, 
  was a pleasure to watch, 
  mong kept pounding into flash . 
  time after time, 
  the geyser is closer and quicker to press than minerals in another base . 
  usually players first move the workers to the geyser then if there is splash incoming they move them again . 
  a lot of pros are so good at focus-fire ` ing that this could be enough vs banes or hellions as well , then the workers can be sent back to mining quicker as well . 
  dunno that well about other races , but with protoss its quite common to create pathways between the nexus and geyser that the probes can move through or around to escape , especially in pvt ( widow mines ) .
