thats not true at all . 
  first of all a researcher is to work through and analyse the material after collecting it , meaning that it wont be presented in a paper from its survey format . 
  secondly and most importantly theres big differences in the outcome of different research methodology . 
  surveys are ( generally ) seen as quantitative research , aiming to collect statistical data from a bigger group of participants . 
  there are many ways to collect data , and its up to whom conducts the study to argue for why the chosen one suits best . 
  this person seems to in his case work in a more qualitative format , meaning that he will look individually at all the answers in the interviews he conduct , trying to analyse them . 
  i may agree that the study is not presented very seriously to us and indeed that may have negative consequences for it . 
  but what you are suggesting is unfortunately quite misleading . 
  i mainly play 1v1 ranked ladder, 
  indeed there are several identities within starcraft . 
  if communities are thought of as public spheres ( pierre bourdieu ) , im positive i could locate myself in within several . 
  thats really hard to say . 
  but i guess it seems like the ultimate game for us who are restless and enjoy giving something our full concentration . 
  protoss, 
  a whole lot , yet nothing specific . 
  i guess i like a lot that they differ a lot from each other . 
  the same i guess . 
  i identify with them , theres a too close of a relationship to think something * of * them . 
  for me thats impossible to say , but according to what i read , no its not . 
  definitely , first of all its another form of communication . 
  outside of starcraft i never really talk about starcraft since friends and colleagues know nothing about it . 
  absolutely , if one looks at a few commentated matches im sure she could identify around a hundred terms unique for starcraft . 
  this also merges with other community terminology and behaviour such as that on reddit , twitch chat amongst others . 
  instead of asking if starcraft has a shared culture , one might ask if it 's the shared culture of starcraft that brought us together to form and develop a community ( it probably is ) . 
  i ca n't tell really about the skill or behaviour really . 
  and the language one should seem quite obvious in some scenarios . 
  only played on eu appart from one semester on kor . 
  currently diamond, 
  thats hard to say , since i often do n't get to know . 
  but i guess i would have more respect if my rank was higher . 
  thank you . 
  well simply because if you ask questions in the format of a survey you wo n't be able to receive developed answers . 
  and the fact that he wont present the actual interview study , but the result of it . 
  for all the teacher knows it could be written on napkins . 
  as long as source can be provided its all good . 
  god damn patchzergs, 
  thanks a bunch everyone for your replies . 
  i will look at replays and your suggested strategies !, 
  it was magnificent !, 
  so many cool moves from hero . 
  he really showed intelligence and understanding . 
  already he thought of so many things that never crossed my mind . 
  hat off to ty as well , great 2nd game , and waiting for the cyclone to take out the pylon in game 3 was a great move . 
  ca n't wait for more games, 
  how do you open ? 
  i normally go nexus first and this happens to me sometimes . 
  usually it works great to make stalkers and shoo the mothership core away . 
  just pull the probes and wait for the overcharge to finish . 
  this is taken that you 've scouted that he 's expanding as well , otherwise you need to invest all that you have if you want choose to defend your expo, 
  when i was younger i could play a whole weekend easily . 
  now i need to have slept well , not be hungover or tired to be able to play games like starcraft . 
  when you cant focus no more , do n't play . 
  no need to overthink it . 
  carriers are really good in lotv thanks to the new release interceptors ability . 
  there 's still the concern that it takes forever to make them and you are vulnerable while doing so . 
  but an ultimate skytoss army is only carriers afaik , they destroy both voidrays and tempest . 
  can you give a link to the build ? 
  knowing when to hit a timing attack is of course individual for each build , but just as you say , altering your build from what information you find scouting can make it way more effective . 
  also think about your and your opponents composition . 
  if your army is more mobile theres nothing stopping you from feeling out an engagement and retreating if it looks bad . 
  alright !, 
  yeah it 's a safe and good build . 
  so i guess planting your own pylons is a good answer . 
  i think whats most important is to stay calm . 
  even if he overcharges 3-4 pylons they wont kill your nexus . 
  let him waste some energy and try to bounce shoo away the msc or rallying units with what you have . 
  honestly i would recommend you to try nexus first as well . 
  it 's not that unsafe if you follow with double gateway . 
  perhaps not on ulrena , but maps maps with pocket naturals for sure . 
  heres the build --  http://lotv.spawningtool.com/build/7782/, 
  double stalker works just as well as double adept with this build if you fear aggressive pylons or proxy stargate . 
  nice illustration, 
  the ability releases all interceptors in a carrier , allowing them to fight , without the carrier closeby for 43 seconds before they die . 
  so what you can do is to release them in an offensive position , then back up or recall . 
  it 's great to release in enemy bases . 
  obviously you will have to pay and wait for new interceptors , so do n't release in useless spots . 
  it 's useful if you fight other slow armies . 
  mate i hear you but what you 're doing is just as useless . 
  indeed we need to wait and see further before we know more about balance . 
  to be fair , most people here will never truly understand if the game is balanced , but simply quote those who know better . 
  but protoss has suffered quite a hard bashing for being a dirty shitty race in this community the last year . 
  what you need to understand is that this behaviour does not derive from the game , but from people within the community . 
  if you want to be the better person quiet your rant and precede as the better example . 
  so do i mate , i just happen to be a dirty protoss trying my hardest to defend my race . 
  could we also adjust the cursor size to be 0.1 x times smaller ? 
  i literary can not see anything . . 
  he played a bit during the beta , often mentioned he did not like it as much as hots . 
  then he went to visit his gf in us , dunno if he 's still there . 
  probably taking a break from playing . 
  great analysis , this type of content is what i value the most . 
  +1 for sperm army, 
  nice man !, 
  sounds like fun , keep us updated !, 
  mandatory `` after new expansion release white '' seems to have started . 
  you 've all played the game for enough time to think it 's fair to start complaining now i guess . 
  yea , maybe terran is n't as refreshed as zerg and protoss are . 
  whats your point though ? 
  it 's an expansion . 
  if you did n't enjoy playing before , what makes you think you would now ? 
  not all races can get equally refreshed every expansion .
