  the point is that you dont use the knife to cut downwards into your hand in a stabbing way . 
  a spoon is great for carving out the entire avocado half from the shell . 
  til you can only eat mashed avocado . 
  is the spell `` inactivated '' once the unit reaches 1hp ? 
  so if those vessels were to be repaired , would they keep on losing hp or not ? 
  thank you, 
  in scandinavia all wiering is underground except in the countryside . 
  it 's definitely doable for all modern countries . 
  this is really fun to see , thanks for posting this . 
  nate complains so much these days , even though he plays the most op race . 
  and thats why i 'll always consider you a great man !, 
  yup that seems like an extremely annoying stream, 
  thats some gosu shit right there, 
  afaik roaches got a lot of hate back in the days when stephanos fast roach max was popular . 
  ah sorry did n't catch that, 
  standard pvz defense involves at least three spellcasters, 
  fair enough , i agree that snutes style probably is more complex than standard pvz . 
  what i 'm saying that other races have complex setups to . 
  terran for example have really complex armies to control when need to siege/burrow mines , tanks , liberators constantly . 
  zerg is today probably the most straight forward race when it comes to spells and army management, 
  those are still custom skins , stalkers , adepts and zealots are much easier to separate with normal skins . 
  i definitely agree !, 
  they 're eating korean bbq in an ad for something , usually ads does n't have to have anything to do with the actual show . 
  meanwhile in other countries people cycle or walk from their homes to the store , not just a couple of hundred meters from the parking lot . . 
  any matches ? 
  music sure fits his shenanigans, 
  if you intend to play online only , you can pause the download when it reaches `` playable '' and save about half of the space . 
  my folder is currently 13.9 gb and i can ladder normally . 
  hey i watched the opening of your replay and i have quite a few things to point out . 
  dealing with carriers is certainly hard for zergs , but the real deal here is that you have a very poor opener and fall way behind way earlier in the game . 
  your third is somewhat late . 
  you make six innitial lings but do n't even send them across the map . 
  you make a super early banelings nest but do n't morph any banelings and do n't go for any bust . 
  you do n't scout him with your overlords and are not prepared for the first incoming oracle ( which is very standard in zvp ) . 
  you are n't starting +1 melee which is a very common and useful upgrade to go for if you intend to play hydra ling bane . 
  you then make a ton of lings that just sits around your base , no scouting , no poking . 
  you have no idea if he has taken a third or going for an allin . 
  or about his number of expansions and what type of composition he plays . 
  i realise that you cant play perfect and everyone makes misstakes , i 'm not trying to be rude but simply point out what i see . 
  the things that i think you would benefit from most is :, 
  follow a proper build that lets you get your third base and your +1 started sooner . 
  first around 3 minute mark with your first overlord , ( i know its hard on mech depot but at least try to poke , protoss usually do n't open stalkers these days ) . 
  then again scout for the timing of his third . 
  if you keep lings around his ramp rather than your own , you will have time to react and build more , instead of building 20 + just for safety that does n't do anything . 
  those could 've been drones . 
  losing this game has nothing to do with carriers per say , he could 've done many types of builds that would have ended in a loss for you . 
  what if he opened 4dt/double archon ? 
  or went for a two base gladept / immortal chargelot allin ? 
  i can see that you have a nice and high apm , use it to scout and move around on the map way more !, 
  hope you find this helpful . 
  seems like you did not understand ops post at all . 
  try proxy double robo vs terran and pump immortals non stop . 
  [ here 's a vod of classic doing the build vs maru ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seutnwq7rz8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=194 ), 
  does n't drop or unload command cause the prism to slow down ? 
  i 'm probably wrong about this if thats how you do it . 
  i always manually press click the unit i want to unload when i have the prism selected, 
  huh , had no idea i could press the prism after pressing d. thanks !, 
  whats your best/worst matchup ? 
  it does , thanks !, 
  got one more question , do you only play on na ? 
  how do you do on servers like kr if you play there ? 
  yeah i can imagine that ping is crucial . 
  and there is nothing wrong with playing on na , just curious about how different servers handles cannons . 
  thanks for your answer, 
  what happens if a unit that is over * non-walkable * ground gets entangled ? 
  seems there is no event with tastosis unfortunately . 
  but you could go to the ssl event on the 18th and see some epic games !, 
  i think it will be casted by wolf , brendan and/or rapid but i 'm not sure . 
  i see , thanks !, 
  yeah the first week or so it freaked me out as well , but im familiar with it now . 
  feels like a lot of maps has similar things, 
  research and upgrades are different things, 
  not really , this guy specifically asked about upgrades . 
  see liquipedia : http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/upgrades, 
  naturally we can see that stimpack and zerglingspeed has been researched and that banelingspeed has not . 
  statistically speaking zerg seems to be a bit favoured in zvp currently . 
  but you loosing a lot is more likely because the matchup changed quite a lot since early lotv and you will need to adapt your playstyle to it . 
  the absolute standard is that zerg plays a ling hydra bane comp and protoss a chargelot immortal , storm , archon comp . 
  there are numerous variations of how to build these comps through various openers and play styles on both ends . 
  i suggest that you find a solid and safe opener and practice that every pvz that you play . 
  the matchup orients a lot around continuous scouting in early/midgame on the protoss end to see if zerg is going for aggression or droning . 
  for protoss a lot of focus needs to be on a well executed sim city and army control in order to defend waves of ling hydra bane , usually hitting timings on your third or forth base . 
  keeping your hts spread and safe is crucial . 
  the matchup plays similarly to how pvt does in the sense that you can absolutely not move out too early or your risk loosing your entire army . 
  instead rely on oracles and/or prisms to harass the your opponent . 
  you need to keep scouting for tech changes , some zergs stay on that comp for a long time , but its also quite common to go into muta , lurker or towards broodlords . 
  here is a solid and straightforward build that i think should work : http://lotv.spawningtool.com/build/52925/, 
  it 's quite popular to skip glaves and go straight into charge nowadays as well , both are solid options . 
  feel free to ask any specific questions and i 'll try to answer, 
  muricans prefer to buy things and consume in the most wasteful manner whenever possible, 
  not meme , joke . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  a decent sollution is to pause the download at * playable * which will save you about half of the disc space . 
  mine is currently at 14gb and works fluently for multiplayer . 
  i think pvp is a great match up , very technical and constantly changes in meta and compositions . 
  to me it 's the most complex one strategically speaking . 
  tvt is intresting early game then it goes back to being the same as it has been since the release of sc2 . 
  you should n't view the big upcoming patch as a balancer , but something implemented to improve the gameplay and experience . 
  that mech is somewhat viable today has nothing to do with blizzards ambition of what it should become . 
  the whole point of the continuous and public testing is to keep the game balanced .
