  those of you who have used tiger balm knows the sensation , for those of you who have not ; it 's like liniment , gives s fresh yet warm sensation , as if someone is massaging you with mint and chili . 
  my ballsack is as red as ever and have disappeared up into my body as i franticly try to scrub it using soap in the shower . 
  but it was too late !, 
  the balm felt as if it had entered into through my skin and into my testicles . 
  things did n't feel better when the friend who had provided me with the balm showed me that this was in fact something called * bull balm * - some stronger variant of the product that he has cause he is a physiotherapeut the fucker . 
  my team was sort off odd for being a group of guys doing sports , volleyball is n't exactly the coolest sport out there and i would n't consider any of us as * your typical bro * , which is why i enjoyed it so much in the first place . 
  but this . . jeez , no matter what gender you have , do n't bloody do it !, 
  i was literally walking on my toes with my hand in my pants the entire way home , trying to provide warmth and comfort . 
  i fucking love starcraft, 
  its viva la dirt league . 
  they have quite a bunch of sc2 musicvideos, 
  and you are a good guy, 
  reporting in . 
  also : mac support !, 
  oh my god game 2 stats mindgames and strategy execution was absolutely gorgeous !, 
  it 's not only canada , most western countries carry this system . 
  countries much poorer than the us as well . 
  this as well as free education is something most nations are capable of providing . 
  [ finally all these years of practice will be useful ] ( https://youtu.be/__bv4d7ii_0?t=2 ), 
  cool stuff , thanks for posting, 
  thats not being overly picky . 
  thats being * too much for 4chan to handle . 
  the game will be the same . 
  some things will look slightly different . 
  get with it . 
  i play protoss , and i enjoy lotv a lot more than hots and wol overall . 
  it feels more dynamic and i feel like i 'm allowed a more versatile style of playing . 
  hots was great , but protoss was such a perfective style of play , it kinda bummed me out sometimes . 
  everything oriented around being precise and exact in your positioning , army splits and defence . 
  i feel like lotv allows me to play a bigger variety of styles and unit compositions , and i do like most of the new units added to the game . 
  she 's a bitch in the first place, 
  just a macrohatch , whats the big fuss ? 
  he could probably have killed those before the novas went off , but in reality it looks more like a gg blink to me . . 
  well prove to me that they are not, 
  also science . 
  and that not bound to capitalism . 
  hi i come from the world , and i agree with this statement . 
  ya that was smooth . 
  i love everything regarding protoss here . 
  pvp is quite dull atm and i do think pvz earlygame has become quite repetitive , both adept shade and warp prism nerf seems viable to me . 
  / r/ing day9 impersonation of sc1 overlord announcer . 
  neeb does it quite often , its kinda risky cause they are * slippery * and you need to time it well . 
  you could see that one of tails shades got through . 
  but indeed this was tails misstake . 
  solid awareness and preparation by neeb nonetheless . 
  i like you, 
  maybe she is watching a strim ? 
  so how 'd you go about it ? 
  are their drains in the floor so you could hose down all that blood or something ? 
  / r/allthingsprotoss hates it !, 
  if you are a good player you dont take that critical damage from widowmines , oracles or disruptors that often . 
  to me it can be frustrating but also whats fun about the game . 
  people who are not on a very high level should perhaps recognise their abilities and invest in a canon/spore/turret in each base and things like this thread would n't happen . 
  select did this in early wol , 
  ! a!a!a!a !, 
  black mirror e01s01, 
  thats not true , its very relevant to position your bio in close to turrets , liberators , widowmines , build defensive bunkers , pfs etc. 
  if you want to play the exact same composition vs every toss comp however , then maybe it will be less relevant , yes . 
  whats he saying ? 
  thank you !, 
  its raaaaaaw !, 
  same, 
  unless you 're a boltzmann brain, 
  i thought it was really common on high level to time your initial adepts pathing and shades in order to circumvent this ? 
  at least it used to be . 
  you can do it in a lot of ways , i know neeb used to delay his initial shade on the first adept and then wait for his opponents shades when they arrive . 
  you could also simply move your shades less forward . 
  this was a few months back though , before adept nerf . 
  guess a lot of people open stalker these days or play more cautiously . 
  this . 
  it 's definetly not as common as it used to be , but i would say still quite common . 
  that one probe and a scout is more than stalkers usually give you . 
  it was really common a few weeks ago to se adepts ( up to 6 ) paired with oracle openers to burn overcharges or drag stalkers out . 
  these things have been discussed for years . 
  your `` simple solution '' would change everything about the game . 
  players have developed strategy , micro and compositions based off of the way the game plays . 
  splashdamage , unit splitting and all that stuff would change in impact drastically and tons of units would need to be tweaked . 
  i do agree that some engagements are rather short . 
  but thats the game . 
  i watch and play starcraft because i 'm amazed by the strategy and positional play it involves . 
  if you are mainly after beautiful engagements , perhaps this is not the ideal game . 
  [ k\u00e4nsligt ^ l\u00e4ge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iliiqdqupc ), 
  sounds like lags ye . 
  holy shit its like you 've created your own reality with your own sets and rules for the game . 
  i 'm gon na try to reply to everything wrong here but the list is going to be substantial . 
  that you claim to be masters and still has such a poor understanding of the game makes me sad that i 'm no better than you , or i guess it makes you a liar . 
  - serreal and showtime played an incredibly even bo5 last night . 
  - these three protoss openers takes their 3d at different times , 5 min is a rather late nexus for some of them . 
  - a zerg playing should have slightly more drones . 
  they surpass protoss in the early to midgame around the time they have 30-40 workers . 
  - you say that stargate opener is easy to scout . 
  what makes it easier than scouting dt drop ? 
  - tons of the absolute best zergs always go for a spore in each base when they scout stargate . 
  it 's not `` wasting money '' since both phoenix and oracles do better vs two queens than a spore + a queen . 
  even if you are well positioned with your queens . 
  - a good indicator to differentiate between dt and gladept drop is looking at the twilight council for upgrades . 
  if you are uncertain you can get an overseer or one spoor in each base without suffering any type of substantial losses . 
  you can use the same set of units to fend of both types of pushes anyways . 
  - you say that after this push comes zerg gets put on a timer to do something with ravager bane comp . 
  there are several options for zerg here , commonly seen in pro matches as well .
