  hots did n't really change toss away from stalker + colossus balls did it ? 
  what you 're doing is just stating the obvious that this game could be even better and more fun , after it has already been released . 
  too bad for you that you feel that way . 
  looking forward to some 1a ` ing catgroove action, 
  this is great, 
  hear about this sort of ladder anxiety so often in this community and i think it 's a really unfortunate and unnecessary phenomenon . 
  when i was a teenager , i played a dm shooter on high level ( tho the game was so small i was a nobody ) . 
  all official duels where of such high stakes to me and it led to me not participating in tourneys , or coming up with pathetic lilbow-esc excuses when i did and lost . 
  today , maybe 6-7 years after i quit that game i still ca n't play it using my id without feeling like i need to defend my reputation . 
  but with sc2 it 's totally different for me , maybe because i started to play it when i was more mature . 
  but i think mainly it 's because i realised immediately that i will never be amongst the best players in this game . 
  as long as i do n't practice full time theres not even a chance for me . 
  and thats kinda great , because now i can easily appreciate the fact that when my opponent beats me , its because he or she is better . 
  on the ladder i 'm just an anonymous player . 
  losing wont effect who i am within this community , and to be fair thats true for everyone posting on reddit starcraft except for a handful . 
  you really need to realise that unless you aim to become a professional player , you wo n't be able to invest that much time in practice and because of that other players will be better . 
  a good way to get in a good mood for me is to strike up a conversation at the beginning of games , it 's harder to lose your temper if you get to know your opponent slightly . 
  + this is mutual , i hardly ever have someone rage at me even tho im a nasty filthy protoss . 
  last advice is to watch neuro 's stream some time . 
  his martial-arts-approach not really my cup of tea , he 's got a great mindset on not only losing , but winning as well and tends to speak of this often in a well formulated manner . 
  jakataktv made [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkhjkdyhqky ) video that explains different inject methods . 
  i can try to help if you elaborate . 
  what are you confused with ? 
  what method are you trying to use ? 
  if it 's just that you struggle to execute , do n't worry . 
  everyone does with new setups , but you learn it faster than you think . 
  practice the routine a bit in a unit test map if you wan na get more familiar before playing with it . 
  i work as a process operator in a chemical factory . 
  we always wear safety gloves in the process halls , but often run many processes simultaneously , resulting in me taking on an off my gloves about 50 times a day when touching handles and switching between various equipment in order to keep things safe for all employees . 
  this winter my brain struggles a bit with the gloves when i 'm going to the store , gym or school and i most likely look really stupid when opening doors in public . 
  this video is superb !, 
  best sc2 content i 've seen in a long time . 
  also fuck avilo . 
  true , but dont forget that they where playing on mcs setup . 
  not super easy to change mouse and keyboard just like that, 
  probably everything would be exciting to watch in this format , especially when its brand new . 
  why starcraft would or would not be suited for it seems like a discussion thats way too early to have now . 
  it generally doesnt work well when theres many liberators due to their splash dmg . 
  weither or not zerg is going for spire tech is arguably the single most important thing to keep track of in pvz , because it really requires you to respond in the right way whereas the difference between a hydra-roach-lurker or ling-ultra based composition does n't require you to change your composition or build as much . 
  what you first must understand is that there 's never only one right answer . 
  depending on the stage of the game theres various alternatives that could be the best . 
  if your plan was to do a big attack like an all in or a timing i would most likely stick to it . 
  sometimes zergs are really greedy and can be punished before the spire tech properly kicks in if you scout it and sniff weakness . 
  but if you intend to play out a longer game , phoenix is really the only true answer . 
  while blinkstalkers , archons or storm all deal with mutas sufficiently , you will be trapped in you are likely to find yourself trapped in your own base , fighting against a timer thats really hard to beat . 
  going for double or triple stargate is probably really worth the investment depending on how late into the game you are/your economy . 
  sometimes the opponant only makes a flock of mutas . 
  then a handfull of phoenix should be fine . 
  but if you notice that they keep adding more mutas to it , or going full air with corruptors as well you need to keep producing phoenix get a fleet beacon and research phoenix range . 
  the range + the stacking of phoenix makes them alright but not good against corruptors . 
  its also one of the most micro-intense compositions you can play in starcraft . 
  not necessarily a hard one , but it really requires you to keep the correct distance not to eat shots from several corruptors/mutas simultaneously . 
  also : spam dem pylons around your mineralline and let use your msc !, 
  yes exactly !, 
  this is outstanding !, 
  i really hope it gets the attention it 's worth . 
  thanks a bunch to both lyncan and and the guest host neuro . 
  sometimes bacteria arrives in dry ice at work ( work = chemical factory ) . 
  one day when i was new i saw a dude casually pouring something down the drain , creating this kind of massive smoke release while laughing . 
  we treat all sorts of classified chemicals and this scared the shit out of me . 
  typical wacky 4channer conversation . 
  i can tell from my normie experience of browsing reddit from my macbook, 
  thank you, 
  this works the same in all expansions . 
  your probe needs to be in the right spot to get pushed out , see how stork positions it before he builds the assimilator in the clip below . 
  this makes me miss daily sodium intake, 
  he plays fast . 
  this . 
  its just funny to face someone really good sometimes . 
  take the opportunity and ask them for advice on what you can improve . 
  if it 's totally horrible you can just instantly leave games that seems hard and you will definitely forever face equal or worse opponents . 
  `` the actual world does not matter , only your image of the world '', 
  cant remember who said it , was early during my bachelor . 
  doing masters in media and communication theory now and often come back to this when thinking about news coverage and social phenomena, 
  if this is freestyle its way more impressive than i originally thought . 
  hope to see more from you in the future . 
  what you gon na do when parting comes for you, 
  i 've read quite a bit of bell hooks in school . 
  quite a great woman . 
  thanks to that i believe i now do understand blues standpoint in this the debate . 
  she 's aiming to pose as an ignorant twat . 
  greats looks , easy on the eyes . 
  the textures are neat . 
  i really hate when maps have too much details and stuff on them . 
  if you only could use the console as in quake i 'd r_picmip the shit out of all maps to get clearer vision . 
  [ it 's inside the lair ? 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/4cjrnnp4dpmis/giphy.gif ), 
  looks super fun , will try it out !, 
  whats neuros talk in the evolution chamber show . 
  i think it could help you out a lot . 
  political talk in / pol / . 
  nice one mate . 
  i have n't followed this progress . 
  what did people have before fiber until today in us ? 
  adsl ? 
  cable ? 
  what about female starcraft players ? 
  why not barbra ? 
  are you implying this game is for men ? 
  mate , even though the public dialogue circles around your statements i think its fair to say that the struggle of recognition lays within changes of well established traditions rather than acknowledgment .
