  some examples are : hydra roach -  lurkers , hydra ling bane . 
  muta transition . 
  swarm hosts ( yes they are back ) . 
  - defending vs gladepts is hard . 
  but roaches do fight adepts quite well . 
  sure they kill them slowly , but adepts kill roaches even slower . 
  this comes down to you being diligent about pulling away and defending your drones and has always been the case with sc2 workerline harass . 
  the same goes for widowmines , hellions , oracles , banedrops or run-bys , oracles and so on . 
  - `` adding a warpprism gives you a 100 % low investment reliable harass . '', 
  thats true , unless its an early robo . 
  then its actually quite the investment from protoss . 
  the efficiency of the harass comes down to your positioning and micro , as well as your opponents . 
  in midgame when the protoss wants a robo and adds in a prism for harass ( when you think its low investment ) , you should be having units out able to defend . 
  just like protoss needs to invest in defense in terms of simcity and static d at their natural and third and if you drop them , also in their main . 
  - getting seven workers killed around 5 min is not the end for a zerg . 
  at our level i would say that it 's not even critical . 
  - you then make it sound as if it is unfair and annoying that you need to invest in defending instead of being able to purely drone . 
  this view is what i find most twisted . 
  this is a two player game and you should scout and react accordingly , not be able to skip different types investments no matter what you are up against . 
  protoss invest in msc , in extra pylons , often in canons etc. 
  oracle is often more of an investment in order to secure be able to take a third and to scout , than to harass . 
  for you to get overlord speed is not `` too expensive . '', 
  you do however need to know what to do with the information . 
  - `` adding a light that might be good so roaches could counter adepts '' is the nail in the coffin that you are clueless . 
  he 's living in southern sweden with his gf ( tigerlily ) and kid , studying technical preparatory , and then ( i think ) has the ambition to move into biology or biochemistry . 
  it 's quite a stacked 1 year education that he 's doing so i ca n't imagine him having that much time over to stream since he has a family . 
  in sweden you get funded to study , as well as a special loan for students , so thats how he gets by economically i would assume . 
  whats your favourite meme nate ? 
  terrans and zergs have used marine and zergling compositions in all three matchups since the game came out . 
  protoss gets a core all around unit that actually can take on early and midgame engagements for the first time ever . 
  welcome to our experience of playing against cheaper , faster & more cost-effective units for 6 years now . 
  adepts are quite spastic , but controlling phoenix & oracle vs terran is incredibly hard and precise . 
  thats a great point . 
  but i ca n't help to feel that its unfair because protoss has always ( and still is ) the race that is most complex in compositions . 
  what about mass ling , mass roach stephano style , or terrans that play pure mmm all game long both tvz and tvp . 
  these things has been common for years and years . 
  it does n't make sense to me that adepts are that much more boring than roaches , or marines and i ca n't help but thinking that this is actually just people who dislike that protoss has become the agressor and that terrans now need to play very cautiously just like protoss always needed to do in this matchup in order to survive . 
  to me that 's just cool , because it means that the tables has turned for this matchup . 
  if things stays like this and phoenix adept becomes the true and one standard for pvt , then i would find it boring to . 
  but surely , terrans will learn to deal with it better eventually . 
  dude i agree that stalkers have had times when they dominated way to heavily , early hots was crazily dominated by blinkstalker timings pvt. 
  but thats what it was . 
  timings . 
  stalkers obviously lose big time to bio and heavy lings unless they are paired with something like forcefields or splash , or hit a timing like before stim , medivacs or an unprepared zerg . 
  the rest of the things you mention like cannon rushes , deathball compositions or warpgate has no relationship to what i said afaik . 
  perhaps i 'm not understanding what you are saying . 
  thats rather unspecific . 
  nice drawing !, 
  patiensos looks bourgeoisie with his monocle . 
  oh we hate you as well do n't worry about that . 
  theres enough hate for everyone . 
  dae adepts vs terran redditors, 
  i think you bring up a lot of valid points here . 
  i personally stand were i think adepts , how boring or uninteresting they may be , could very well be figured out and dealt with in new ways by terrans . 
  it took quite a while for the adept + phoenix style to be developed , and since it so drastically changes everything about the matchup in terms of who 's the agressor , who 's harassing when and so on ; i definetly believe that there is a good chance that terrans will figure out more effective ways to play against that protoss composition . 
  afterall , tvp has been about dropharass and spreading protoss thin since wol . 
  if compositions ( imagine something crazy like hellbat + thor ) or strategies in terms of positioning and map presence is successfully developed by terrans the matchup could suddenly become really interesting and dynamic . 
  we could then find ourselves in a meta where both races could potentially play as aggressors or defenders in early to midgame and techswitches could be more impactful than it is today . 
  if however it turns out that terrans can not deal with adepts either and that phoenix + adept rains supreme . 
  then indeed , a nerf or change with the other races is needed . 
  all of this does n't address that yes indeed , adepts are funky in pvz as well and it does n't feel like zerg will be able to find a way to deal with them differently like terran can . 
  i play on a macbook pro but with external keyboard and i really recommend it . 
  laptop keyboards are way to tight and you can regular keyboards super cheap these days if you don \u00b4 t want to invest money in fancy stuff . 
  good times with the canninator, 
  good ol soultrain days, 
  also eeelun musk produced it, 
  this was a nice watch, 
  few others that are not as epic , but pretty fucking sweet :, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ellovqtordy jaedong - stardust, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bjvd9i5p-0 jaedong stardust, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfllsvjk5hy huk - naniwa, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nptxz6av-c true - patience, 
  the chargelot/gladept , archon , hts , sentry & immortal comp requires a very perfectionist and precise gameplay in comparison to many other compositions . 
  you rely 100 % on your unit placement and good simcity in most scenarios . 
  if a bunch of banes catch you by surprise and manage to kill your chargelots/gladepts or your hts it could cost you the game . 
  playing this style you absolutely need to be dilligent with your archons tanking and protecting your other units , or with intact forcefields . 
  i fuck up with this quite often in masters 2 , so you most likely have have a lot of improvements to make . 
  colossi can work if you catch the zerg by surprise i guess , but they do n't really deal enough damage since lotv to be worth the investment . 
  i 'd rather go for disruptors as an alternative to storm to be honest . 
  you mean like how liberators automatically focus the most valuable units like ht 's and disruptors ? 
  well , i have n't got any evidence to back this up my statement . 
  i do however remember that naniwa discussed and showed this on his stream a while back by pulling multiple units into the freedom zone and that the liberator would target hts and disruptors over stalkers and adepts in several attempts . 
  obviously this could have been an unlikely series of * bad luck * but i doubt it . 
  if someone is willing to provide any evidence i will of course stand corrected . 
  this . 
  the terran dominance lasted way longer than phoenix adept has . 
  i really really hope this is granted some more time before a change . 
  it may be repetative and dull in its current state , but if terrans finds ways to deal with it better and it the playstyle would blend out with other compositions , we could find ourselves with a much more dynamic matchup where not everything is about protoss always defending drops until 160 + supply like it has been for years now . 
  ideally both races have more than one viable composition , that would make scouting , mind games and techswitches more important and interesting parts of the gameplay . 
  cool !, 
  thanks for the update . 
  looks indeed like a blend of protoss hatred and truth from my end . . , 
  while your original statement does raise several valid concerns and criticisms with society and lifestyle in the west today , i 'd wish that you would carry the same critical mindset towards the propositions that you 've put forth . 
  there is a fine and blurry line between a critical mind and a conspiratorial one . 
  i 'm happy for your ( seemingly ) profound joy with your lifestyle and by all means i do not doubt that it 's * healthier * than that of the average joe . 
  but when you want to share your point of view you should know that it is very controversial and if you genuinely want to spread * your ways * you should be more wary of how you express yourself . 
  otherwise you will not be heard , just as the replies in this thread indicates . 
  man it sucks to read this . . all the best tb . 
  we 're awaiting your return . 
  can confirm .
