  thanks for posting this, 
  i 'm so fucking happy that i 'm not american, 
  i do n't understand . 
  is this shape of pasta unusual in the us ? 
  i have a lot of friends here in sweden who 's been doing this for years . 
  it 's illegal here though and many supermarkets has ended up putting locks on their dumpsters to prohibit it . 
  is it illegal in the us ? 
  seems pretty fucking easy considering the trash is left out on the sidewalk . 
  livin the good life, 
  miss sases stream a lot !, 
  he thought me much, 
  use liquids calendar as proposed by johnparish !, 
  ca n't the napoleonic legislation be regarded as an inheritance of the french revolution , itself a break with earlier legislation ? 
  good to see you back pokebunny !, 
  many thanks , i 've learned a lot from you today . 
  i thought i was better oriented with these countries you mentioned . 
  guess i 've taken for granted when hearing about one of the positions that the other does n't exist . 
  you 've thought me a lot !, 
  thanks a lot for this !, 
  indeed , but the king is merely a preservation of traditions , serving mainly as a tourist attraction . 
  he does n't have any political power ( he 's not even allowed to vote , in order to maintain neutral ), 
  gon na be rad, 
  i totally agree that toss is hard to play at the moment . 
  but i feel like theres way more freedom than in hots , there everything mattered so much . 
  if 1 colossus is slightly out of position it can loose you the game pvt , for example . 
  even though stats tell the truth about the current balance , i still enjoy playing protoss in lotv a lot !, 
  i do n't really go stargate in pvp or pvt as standard and its been working well for me . 
  but i was referring to map presence and army movement . 
  old pvz and pvt was a lockdown in your base imo . 
  - phoenixes, 
  - positional play , observers and defensive postures in pvt for example ( i miss u rain ) . 
  - blonker/disruptor play, 
  - hiding tech and fooling stupid overlords, 
  - stalker micro, 
  - slowpushing with tempest + army, 
  - defending zerg busts ( sim city , positioning ), 
  thanks guys for your replies, 
  i like your style , sweet video, 
  hey man , tell us a bit more about your studies and i will try to help you out with finding literature . 
  what do you study ? 
  what more specifically do you want to analyse ? 
  what methods will you use and so on . 
  ok thats really cool . 
  i misunderstood a bit and thought this was something you would do via a university and wanted to help with your research paradigms and the methodology . 
  but i understand now that thats not as essential . 
  nonetheless , i found some related articles that you can use . 
  they might be a bit complicated , but could hopefully add something to your table , 
  hey jakatak , i 'm so glad you 're in the starcraft community and i truthfully and deeply appreciate all your projects and videos . 
  you 've brought so many innovative and brilliant approaches to the game in terms of learning and evolving . 
  for me its hard to say whats not part of starcraft culture . 
  which is part of its beauty to me . 
  but rather than spawning a discussion because of my inability to disconnect form my fields of studies i 'll link a few suggestions that comes to mind . 
  looking forward to following the development of csnstarcraft, 
  while it is true that american water smells bad and chemically since it contains chlorine , i feel she 's exaggerating , 
  assuming you 're american when `` fighting for freedoms and rights '' equals democracy . 
  that has nothing to do with democracy at all . 
  obviously this is on the lighter side , and i do n't know the story that well , but it 's quite fair to say that all races pursue the same goal . 
  comparing terran to our worlds political system , i 'd say that they 're the opposite of a democracy because of their militant way . 
  military actions by nations on earth tend to contradict the will of the people and are commonly practiced mostly in undemocratic nations for economical or geopolitical interests . 
  great casting from great casters . 
  love wolf and love artosis . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  people always prise tastosis and complain about wolf and brendan . 
  artosis is obviously very knowledgable , but tasteless does n't know shit and never has about starcraft 2 , appart from when it was brand new cause then nobody knew ( inb4 he takes the role of simplifying for the audience . 
  i think wolf is a great caster and often brings awareness to essential things in the game . 
  just like several people mentioned here , the only actually knowledgable casters theres ever been is artosis and apollo . 
  wolf does n't deserve this . 
  [ forget shopping . 
  soon you 'll download your new clothes ] ( https://www.ted.com/talks/danit_peleg_forget_shopping_soon_you_ll_download_your_new_clothes?language=en ), 
  also asumimg he was . 
  i just chose to interpret it as a compliment . 
  thought that joke was self explanatory . 
  well not really . 
  guess he wanted to do the heavy ling style , aka dark wannabe . 
  i did a 4gate dt drop followed by 8gate blink all in that naniwa used to do a lot . 
  he just scouted poorly earlygame and took a lot of dmg to the dts , then misjudging the followup, 
  indeed mate . 
  and massive amounts of luck in my case, 
  hmm i did n't tag is afaik . 
  must 've been a mistake . 
  sorry mate, 
  your argument that more players and higher competition requires a more skilful elite is quite a naive one to be honest . 
  in terms of gaining recognition , reaching above the glass ceiling etc , sure . 
  and if the top players are so few that they do n't need to practice as hard as they otherwise would to perform , you 're right again . 
  but thats not the case . 
  consistently , since way before sc2 even , the top korean teams have been practicing on more or less the same terms . 
  all day every day . 
  nestea , like many others showcased brilliancy in terms of innovation and fast learning when sc2 debuted as an esport . 
  yet you 're forgetting how long he after his prime still played actively without showcasing particularly impressive results . 
  the conflict of however its more impressive to innovate and lay ground in an early stage of a game contra persisting when the game is more developed and requires * better * is to one and each 's own to decide . 
  but you need to realise that your opinion is a constructivist one , and that it 's , rather shallowly reflecting on the development of your personal relationship to starcraft . 
  this . 
  widowmines and oracles . 
  the best way of learning is the hard way . 
  you need to at a point when not playing explain that to her in a nice way , and then between games or after playing check up on what she wanted to say . 
  i 've lived in houses with a couple of friends where quite a lot of people came over to visit on daily basis . 
  experienced similar problems as you do , where they would either try to talk about something else , or start asking questions of why i 'm spamming around so fast on the keyboard . 
  i tried to greet them properly and explain if they where actually interested after finishing a game before starting the next one . 
  living in sweden it feels like most dudes my age has been playing computergames quite seriously at some point in their life , with cs1 .6 being such a big thing here . 
  i think that showing some interest after the game is over is all most people need .
