  masters player here . 
  do n't listen to this guy , nothing makes you realise what an absolute pile of dogshit you are more than being absolutely stomped upon and toyed with by the lower gm players and how infinitely much better they are than you . 
  forever masters 2 . 
  i would argue that terran has the ultimate air army composition if they manage to reach it . 
  mass ravens and/or bcs can be really hard to beat . 
  however , protoss has several air army compositions and are way easier both to transition to , and to start using earlier in the game , and in a sense for all matchups , even if pure air does n't generally work vs terrans . 
  so overall i would say that protoss is the strongest air race . 
  i was hoping that some gm player would come along and speak up about how worthless they are . 
  there are several builds to choose from , depending on what matchup you play they are quite differently focused . 
  you should know that build-orders are usually copied from very high level of play , and at those levels it generally never works to play pure air as you would just be overwhelmed in the early-mid game . 
  so indeed there are build-orders , but not sure if there are that many for what you are requesting , if i interpret it correct . 
  here are however a few builds that leads into a skytoss ( how areal play is commonly phrased ) compositions :, 
  for pvp : http://lotv.spawningtool.com/build/47389/, 
  pvt : http://lotv.spawningtool.com/build/46072/, 
  pvz : http://lotv.spawningtool.com/build/37125/, 
  parasitic bomb would be incredibly strong verus skytoss if it was n't for high templars . 
  haha well , i see your point . 
  depends on how you define it . 
  i guess you would n't face someone on ladder who would not use the tools their race has at their disposal to take on your air army . 
  but if you 're discussing what air army that bests takes on other air armies then yeah , i would for sure pick zerg or terran . 
  no apology needed . 
  these things are really fun to see , thank you for doing this . 
  totally . 
  to be honest this video just makes me happy to see how highlights back then were just standard plays or and poor opposing judgements . 
  all he did was basically surprise a bunch of terrans with all ins , boosted by the somewhat ridiculous and annoying casting . 
  all ins was an overstatement . 
  but you 're missing what i was saying . 
  life was absolutely great , no doubts about it . 
  but starcraft has evolved , indeed life would have with it if he kept playing . 
  alls i 'm saying is that these highlights right here , they do not really impress me . 
  walking 30 banelings into flash when he clumped all his marines and scvs up or taking down hellions mid map with speedlings , thats not `` something else '' from my point of view . 
  i think * the thing * is simply that its stupid and random enough to be fun . 
  are you saying that because its a documentary it will probably present both sides fairly accurately ? 
  i 'm not sure that i follow your reasoning . 
  well , i 'm not saying that i am right or wrong here , there is no one answer and obviously it varies between each scenario . 
  but from my point of view , and i also know that this is the viewpoint of several documentary filmmakers , documentaries are some of the most persuasive forms of media out there . 
  typically a filmmaker dedicating his or her time to shoot a documentary does so from a motivation of spreading their message . 
  in my opinion , you ca n't be anything but persuasive through a format that uses narration , character development and music to mediate its message . 
  that does n't mean that i do n't like documentaries or anything . 
  a famous swedish documentary filmmaker said in an interview :, 
  to me there is no difference between fictive and documentary filmmaking , i have produced both . 
  it 's just two different types of techniques used to get to the reality . 
  i promptly mean that the audience only pays for one thing ; manipulation . 
  when they enter the theatre they know that what they are going to see , is a subject that is suppose to effect them in the biggest way possible . 
  so to that i answer , the more manipulation the better . 
  - stefan jarl ( sorry for shitty translation ), 
  in general i think its really dangerous to view things as * truthful or not * . 
  i try to depict things on a scale from more or less representative of the reality . 
  most modern days ethnographers that i am aware of would acknowledge their own influence in their work as well . 
  sorry if i started somewhat of a rant out of nowhere, 
  hmm , yeah you might be right here . 
  in my opinion there is a common misconception that documentaries are films that portrays an event or problem in society . 
  rather , i would say that they portray an individual or a group of people that experiences an event or a problem , and as audience you get to follow their journey through this experience . 
  this is what makes well made documentaries very powerful , just like in a well written regular movie we get emotionally attached and sympathise with the characters that we follow . 
  i think many people distinctly differentiate between the meaning of propaganda and documentary and would have a hard time with that definition . 
  sorry mate i have n't seen it yet . 
  i probably will cause it seems interesting but i 'm currently drowning in my thesis work so i naturally only have time to browse reddit the coming week . 
  one documentary , or advertisement that really did intrigue me however was kony 2012 , if you remember all of that . 
  it 's brilliantly edited for its purpose and a prime example of how powerful the media can be . 
  haha yeah he has a really aggressive approach thats for sure, 
  hey you 're totally right about that . 
  my first comment was n't referring to this particular film but documentaries in general . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  snute had droned ridiculously this game and was not prepared for an adept allin . 
  still ... dude , did you even watch the game ? 
  perhaps you should before you make any judgements, 
  changes looks cool but zergs wo n't precisely have an easier time with protoss after this update . 
  although it would be fun to see more chargelot play in both pvp especially pvt , it feels like it will in the current meta mostly effect pvz in the most critical transition from adept harass to ht/immortal buildup when the first bling/hydra attack usually hits on the protoss third . 
  its not the same game . 
  well said . 
  i can complain about lings if you want !, 
  television and novelist scientists usually end up being sensation scientists to me . 
  especially when the producing for a broad audience . 
  yes, 
  cool mate !, 
  i hope you have a good time with starcraft, 
  because its weird science !, 
  * wow !, 
  * ^ whats ^ happening ? 
  omg dae scarlett plays protoss cause easy race but now has plays zerg because easy race which one is easiest ??? 
  this was almost the scenario of my friends younger brother . 
  they have the type of really social mom that does n't mind asking big favours . 
  she is nice , but sometimes it 's too much . 
  so while my friend was living abroad she randomly called me and said that his younger brother had gotten a new pc but they could n't get it to work so maybe i could come look at it . 
  i had not spoken to them in over a her and the younger brother like , never . 
  more to it it 's not like i 'm some it support , but more generally not horrible with computers . 
  so i come over to help them out , the younger brother tells me that he tried to install minecraft but it did not work ??? 
  i boot it up but can not get past bios , attempting for a while to find the hdd and windows installation for a good while before realising that there is none . 
  they had just randomly bought some sort of base-kit containing only a case , power , mb and cpu i think . 
  they were lacking graphics , hdd and probably a bunch of other things . 
  i asked where and why they bought this pc , and apparently they found it on some webpage and took it because it was a `` gaming chassi '' or some bs . 
  it 's astonishing to me how some people just buys something with no consent . 
  why would n't they ask for help beforehand instead ? 
  well i guess i rest my case then . 
  yeah man , there are a lot of ways to abuse the ai , it can not for example split units properly . 
  just harass early and you can pretty much end the game from there . 
  as soon as you pick up it will pull away its units . 
  [ ling be like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vzlksbtu2g ), 
  that would be the dream, 
  they do like reddit , but they do not like that reddit does not like them .
