  will terran focusfire down the phoenix before they loose too many marines so they can keep stimming and kiting ? 
  at later stages in the game , pure phoenix adept is n't that great of a composition , a big stimmed bioball has way higher dps and the phoenix will just melt away before they can do significant damage to liberators and , medivacs , or even before they can pick up widowmines . 
  thats why we usually see protoss go for a bit of an all-in or heavy pressure play with that composition . 
  if they wish to proceed into a longer game , its common to transition out of that tech into blink and colossi play . 
  i guess the counter for the terran is to either focus strongly on turtle and defence whilst building up a big enough army ( this can be risky , its very hard for terran to lock down all places that warpprisms could just spam adepts from ) - or , attempt a push consisting of a lot of widowmines and mmm . 
  if they manage to take out any lurking oracles and then scan & snipe observers , protoss is usually in dire straits . 
  thats is my take on it . 
  kills a techlab or two . 
  insaneeee, 
  macro last nerchio the game . 
  he had a massive army with only 25 or so workers forever , and he did not push the issue at all . 
  zest spread out his workers over all his bases and mined really efficiently . 
  the engagements were kinda equal in units lost , yet zest had a massive bank and could honestly warp in anything to win the game . 
  i agree !, 
  i also thought what nerchio was doing was good . 
  but since he did n't really progress fast enough with pushing zest back , or starve the game out long enough that he would be mining way later than zest would , he ended up collecting way less resources . 
  tricky situations and calls to make for both players, 
  what are you on other servers ? 
  i agree that revelation is super strong in some scenarios . 
  i do however think playing protoss in other scenarios would be really really hard without it , like early-mid pvt for example . 
  protoss units are slow and we really need something to keep track of things . 
  its funny how the spell is more okay earlygame and kinda gets more imba the later the game goes . 
  a nerf could maybe be in its place , with both the range to cast the spell , the time it lasts and the splash area of the revelation being viable to lower . 
  dunno i agree that its * fucking op * in pvz or that removing invisibility detection would help zergs that much in lategame scenarios . 
  since lurkers has such a high range its quite hard for protoss to engage them with observers , they have to be moved forward enough to be in range of hydras quite easily . 
  if you refer to burrowed infestors they have quite a high casting range as well . 
  i feel that the problem is just that the protoss can keep track of zerg constantly and merge revelation with tempest to counter flying units really well . 
  but yea , i play protoss and have not really experienced the other end . 
  his series vs nerchio was godlike as well, 
  hey i 've actually been doing this since way back . 
  it 's really cool , just save one broodling each volley and you can keep your broodlords at a much greater distance from the protoss, 
  you can go nexus first in pvt on proxima and do a full reaperproof walloff with your 1st pylon , gateway and cybercore, 
  obvious satire is obvious, 
  i feel bad for his father, 
  sounds fair to me . 
  i wish neuro would start wearing black shirts and play the keyboard, 
  is the queen some sort of final boss for you guys ? 
  wolf hype and scene knowledege < 3, 
  will there be hot gurls ? 
  heres my protoss beginner advice : switch to zerg or terran they are op and ez lolo, 
  great video man !, 
  i do love me some ruptors . 
  gon na check out your stream !, 
  nice highlights , good edit !, 
  yes skytoss is really easy to play . 
  easier than normal protoss comps . 
  so what ? 
  what about maxing out on roaches hots stephano style ? 
  speedling allins ? 
  these things are just as easy and would could for sure take you to diamond . 
  i 'm sure this zerg did n't scout properly , played normally and let the army get out of control . 
  congrats , you played yourself . 
  you 'd lose just as hard to a meching terran . 
  well at least you 've got a monitor . . 
  yeah right , then whats next ? 
  bunker buildtime ?? 
  why do n't we just make drones & probes a 100 minerals each while we 're at it, 
  villain laughter, 
  ya tempest so op right now, 
  protoss perspective of tvp matchup . 
  in hots , it was for most players crucial to end the game or do significant damage within the * midgame parameters * . 
  we 're talking nexus and colossus snipes or taking out workerlines . 
  in lotv , thanks to collossus nerf and liberators terrans can contest protoss * better * in lategame . 
  ranged liberators makes some maps very potent for terran turtle play . 
  i think this argument is rather pointless as so much has changed with the new expansion , we are looking at a whole new type of gameplay in most matchups and a direct comparison does n't justify its complexity . 
  i do however think it 's fair to say that the matchup has become more dynamic in general . 
  why dont you just put a laptop on there so you can actually see something ? 
  i guess protoss still has the ultimate lategame army . 
  tempest with storm/disruptor is in theory quite untouchable . 
  it still comes down mostly to control in my opinion though . 
  sos did n't deliver as i hoped for :( well deserved win for soo though . 
  congratulations to him, 
  thanks david kim . . 
  cool splits . 
  please note that this player is hero . 
  not hero , hero or anything else . 
  i 've seen this mixup a lot as of lately , and it 's rather confusing and annoying for my autistic mind . 
  thank you . 
  the edgelord has spoken, 
  i hate that nickname :( sos is an intelligent and fenomenal player !, 
  clearly worthy of greater than a disgusting bug . 
  dae robotics bay - robotics facility, 
  [ like so ] ( https://youtu.be/siladvl-vqo?t=31 ), 
  you can trick ai a 100 ways quite easily . 
  meh , i do n't see the point of what you are saying . 
  just feels like you try to brag about beating lesser players than you and that you still got it even though you are n't trying for real lulz . 
  people want to learn how to play builds and understand the meta because its fun . 
  starcraft is about strategy . 
  obviously you can win with * bad * openers if you are still a superior player through stronger mechanical play and crisper micro . 
  newer players are going to have to struggle for years to reach your level of gameplay . 
  sure she should be able to compete on a professional level , but with ** men **, 
  damn straight !, 
  everyone knows only zergs and terrans amove, 
  it 's more of a word actually, 
  my favourite is overeagerly rushing my oracles into widowmines, 
  hey i 've got similar story complementing yours from a guys end . 
  during volleyball practice i had a ball hit my crouch , happens sometimes if you stand close to the net in a defensive posture hoping that the ball might hit you , but the angle of the spike bounces it infront of you and up between your legs . 
  a volleyball is n't that heavy and ca n't compare to a football ( or soccer ) but obviously it 's still gon na hurt . 
  so after practice when we shower and have the good old * being comfortable around each other naked since we were every single day routine , * my teammate suggests applying some tiger balm on my balls for funs , and you know , i like to entertain and try all sorts of stupid shit so i go for it ( yes i applied it not him ) . 
  and oh my god the sensation was absolutely horrible .
