  i 'm really not into mayo , but i 'd still like to try it out sometime . 
  does n't sound like a joke to me . 
  we 're very familiar with the basics of american food culture here i would say . 
  why do you guys even make attempts to reason with his statements in the comments ? 
  does it need to be stated that this is the wrong mentality ? 
  we all know by now that avilo is the biggest edgelord there is and nothing he says in his enraged ( i.e. 
  constant ) outbursts carries any truths or values to it . 
  whatsoever . 
  laugh and enjoy all you want i guess but even to have a discussion sprung from his statements is just obscene to me . 
  byun decent player, 
  yup . . its hard to counter . 
  but an investment . 
  since terran is waaay more mobile than protoss its essential to have tools like this not to get dropped to death . 
  i for one would n't mind having sensor towers lategame , making it waaay easier to defend several bases . 
  you just need to punch your pillow or go for a jog mate . 
  word up , destiny is to starcraft like the tv shop of commercials . 
  idk if you knew it but the language you speak in america originates from the uk, 
  [ camperkillercommentary # 28 did aliens make pumapunku ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nqjgfdij9i ), 
  could mods please add some kind of avilo filter to this subreddit so those of us tired of his cancer could just remove it . 
  obviously a substantial amount of this community keeps watching his stream and keeps doing these caps , whilst claiming to hate him . 
  but it 's never anything but him raging or crying and a comment section full of laughs . 
  i find all of it really sad and do n't want nothing to do with it . 
  he has a lot of cool stuff . 
  check out his science videos playlist if you want more of this sort . 
  creativity is defined very differently in different scenarios and in my opinion one of those typically over - and carelessly used words out there ( together with for example sustainability , globalisation and other annoyances ) . 
  in research it 's crucial to define your interpretation of the term when addressing it . 
  but i reckon most would agree that it is more or less derivative unless you 're some mad old school positivist i guess, 
  somebody fucking pick him up !!!, 
  protoss needs core strength to keep up in cost efficiency and mobility with regular terran and zerg armies !, 
  adepts made it possible to go without splash way longer but mid-late game armies of protoss still needs it desperately . 
  i wish we would get some late tier upgrade for zealots or adepts instead similar to adrenal glands, 
  i love everything about this , spending countless hours watching quake fragmovies as a kid i always did miss these kinds of edits in starcraft . 
  great job mate !, 
  that is true !, 
  and i hope that it this change will be significant enough . 
  but i fear that zealots + stalkers will still be way of to compete with lingbane / mmm, 
  maaan i do n't know about a lot of these maps in lotv ... my protoss dreams of early thirds will be crushed on daybreak for sure, 
  for curious americans : this is not how it actually looks . 
  this is great stuff mate !!, 
  really enjoy it !, 
  your a lunatic florent !!, 
  thats not what happens at all !, 
  i 've had exactly one of these !, 
  the nintendo 64 . 
  swede here ; i did not bother to read the article but whats said in the video is a massive overstatement in every single way . 
  sweden indeed has had quite an increase in crime over the last few years and it can obviously be connected towards increased migration . 
  that there are 55 no-go zones or that police have to escort ambulances is an absolute lie ( perhaps they did once during a demonstration - riot breakout years ago ) . 
  i 'm a regular white guy living in whats considered one of the most dangerous areas in sweden , ( seved , malm\u00f6 ) yet i have never been in any danger or seen anything happen here . 
  neither have my friends . 
  sweden used to have a really low crime rate and it has now become quite a serious concern in our country , we desperately need to work against it or violence might continue to rise . 
  but its nothing like what this program portrays . 
  since the article gained some attention and i could not see anyone else questioning it in the comments i felt like maybe yes , perhaps some people actually do think its the rape capital of the world . 
  yes like i said i do absolutely agree that we have problems in this country ( all countries do ) , and that those have become much worse the last decade . 
  there 's a lot of organised crime in sweden and we do have shootings , car bombs , explosions and whatnot occurring at a rate it did not do before . 
  but one has to take into consideration how ridiculously chill and safe all of scandinavia has been before that , and in many ways still is . 
  we are still far away from having `` ghettos '' like in south america and america here . 
  again this is not me trying to advertise sweden as a great country , simply pointing out that this piece of news is very distorted . 
  thats fair , upvoted . 
  haha !, 
  there might be some truth to that indeed . 
  i do n't feel like getting raped or murdered to be honest , but indeed a lot us feel like it 's our obligation to open up our country and help out those who need it the most , even if there will be negative consequences . 
  it was after wwii swedish economy and welfare blossomed and perhaps some people feel like we should pay that back to the world . 
  going to have to make a longer statement here , so bare with me please . 
  there is no question in my mind that there is a trend here , like you are saying . 
  not only in sweden , but many other european countries as well . 
  ideally , a lot of decisions could have been made within the eu or through us - eu - arab cooperations to handle the migration situations in better ways . 
  unfortunately eu has been able to reach any significant agreement on how to handle the crisis and the different member countries has their own approach to manage their situations . 
  in the early stages of the crisis , sweden first approached the situation in quite a * noble * and perhaps naive way , allowing most incoming refugees temporary residence permits . 
  the news of our openness spread fast and it our politicians realised that we needed to change our policy or we would n't be able to handle the situation . 
  now we have a rather strict border control like most other european countries . 
  migrants who came here are either living in shelters or apartments provided by the government . 
  most will survive on welfare . 
  some will attend school or find work . 
  it costs a lot of our taxpayers money ( i 'm still a student leeching of them as well ), 
  - either we toss them out of the country by flying them back to syria ( or , afghanistan , iraq , or what country they came from ) . 
  then they will probably flee again , seeking to come back to europe and they honestly would not have a good chance of surviving . 
  or they will survive in the area as homeless . 
  - or we work and invest money to successfully integrate . 
  it will most likely be a very long process ( several generations ) . 
  we are likely to create a new lower class and perhaps see a lot of racial segregation and cultural divides we have not experienced before . 
  while both situations are dire , i think the second option is better . 
  the first is too inhumane . 
  we can not deem thousands of people to either die or live under worse conditions than homeless people . 
  the life of my family , friends and everyone around me will still be infinitely better than those of refugees . 
  but what i really think and would have wished for is of course that :, 
  u.s took actual responsibility for invading iraq , or never would have done so in the first place . 
  that eu ( and russia even if thats too much to even wish for ) could unite around a quota system for helping migrants , or another similar solution . 
  and all the obviousness such as horrors like the is would vanish . 
  sweden does not have a proper say so in the eu and the way things look right now nothing of matter is going to change . 
  sorry for my verbosity . 
  hope it makes sense . 
  i 've seen it as well and i believe that it is directly linked to the / r/sweden and / r/the _ donald subreddit * drama *, 
  sweden has a different way of approaching rape and because of this , we are statistically indeed the rape capital in the world . 
  this article on wikipedia explains it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden, 
  i have no clue if we have more * actual rape * than other countries . 
  but it seems highly illogical that we would actually be no. 1 in the whole world . 
  me and most of my friends have only raped a few times , tops . 
  i wish more people were like you !, 
  orange seems to have forgotten that we never prioritise our ~ ~ macro ~ ~ micro over our bm . 
  it 's definitely not about him not seeing where the nexus is suppose to be , but a miss-click .
