  whats really impressive is that its super hard to make oracles do this direct turns instead of their usual circular turns . 
  managing with 2 oracles so smoothly is something a casual player probably would pull off 0 times out of 100 in a practice map . 
  rapid is great . 
  we see tasteless all the time as well . 
  chill out . 
  this is good television . 
  personally i 'd want more or less all banter to go away and much more in-depth talks about builds , meta and so on . 
  but obviously a lot of people want to hear that kind of stuff . 
  problem is rather that people are different and want different things . 
  as long as we have several casters genuinely interested in the game i think we should be happy . 
  howcome ? 
  i do not know about how good you are at this game , or what your intentions are when watching it . 
  but i really do n't think it is true that you do n't need them to tell you whats happening . 
  every game is unique , builds play out differently vs different builds , depending on the map , the current meta and so on . 
  there could be much more developed discussions around pretty much anything happening within the game . 
  or around the players and the statistics . 
  but as i said , i realised that not a whole lot of people want that, 
  i love playing a game that requires my absolute full focus . 
  where not a single thought of something outside of the game would ever occur until the game is over . 
  in everything else i do in life my mind always wander now and then , but never in starcraft , its amazingly fun . 
  moreover i used to play a lot of quake before , and had already figured out how much i enjoyed grinding/perfecting details . 
  from that perspective , sc2 was sort of obvious to me when it came out , and i never stopped loving it ( still to bad to quit lolo ) . 
  obvious bad excuse for losing is obvious . 
  i 'm not actually high but i played poorly and now im leaving , ggs . 
  or i 'm high and played like shit , ggs . 
  obviously he did n't think it was skyrim . 
  hey yeah you are right about that !, 
  life is meme, 
  aaah this is how david wants us to play ofc . 
  it was balanced all along, 
  hurd about window mines ?? 
  you need to be either quite heavy on stalkers earlygame , those will function to both deflect drops and liberators for you . 
  often you need to have observers with this as well to spot incoming drops in time/liberators over highground/burrowed widowmines . 
  or , you need to open stargate and go phoenix . 
  while they are not great at taking out liberators , they will do the job eventually , as long as you make sure you are superior on ground ( adepts are usually the right combo ) . 
  stargate style is quite unforgivable and micro intensive though , if you are new i definitely recommend practicing a safe and easier style of gateway focused play with robo for observers and twilight for blink + glaves . 
  remember that the mothershipcore and well placed pylons is usually enough to defend one of your bases ( commonly the main or third , depending on map structure ) from drop and liberator harass . 
  try to keep vision of your opponents armies as much as you can and stall them from siegeing in too strong of a position close to your base . 
  fight as much as you can out of liberator range and be wary of blinking under liberators if you do n't have proper vision of potential mines or tanks in the back lines . 
  you are not alone with this struggle , it is a very hard and tricky engagement for protoss and it requires a lot of practice . 
  most likely some woman continuously raped or sold expensively as a sex slave until she died from it or ended herself . 
  how would you pronounce sauna ? 
  thank you !, 
  guess its hard to explain textually . 
  but i can totally imagine it in your lovely finnish accent :-), 
  liberators confirmed op, 
  trying to think of something less important . 
  not succeeding . 
  this makes me sad, 
  would anyone care to share this lovely build ? 
  [ protoss_is_the_lagging_race ] ( http://aligulac.com/periods/181/ ), 
  thats okay pig , we know what playing that race does to people, 
  i did , not sure what you 're trying to say mate , but if you should know that my comment was on the lighter side of things . 
  there are no team houses anymore . . proleague is dead and so are all but jinair with it . 
  the last half year or so the gap between some foreigners and top koreans has closed significantly , so i 'd say that yes , we 've already seen what you 're asking for . 
  wow how can i have missed this !, 
  insta dl, 
  thank you !, 
  i will check the app out later today , 
  snoot confirmed moba nuublet . 
  starcraft is speed , starcraft is agility , starcraft is literary chess . 
  as long as it would n't have anything to do with anything zerg i think i 'd be `` okay '', 
  how clenched were they ? 
  its like he prostituted his soul for the efame, 
  this one is way up there with [ italian artosis stormhype ] ( http://sc2hl.com/highlight/1140 ), 
  this reminds me of when my friend was trying terran vs the easy ai and got bashed . 
  he had literary taken both his hands of the keyboard/mouse to scratch his chin while considering where to place his siege tank . 
  meanwhile in his bank account : dem money . 
  how can you not scream at that ? 
  just build something !!, 
  do it now !, 
  this makes me sad :(, 
  congrats to ty though he really deserved first place in the group . 
  haha thats great, 
  come to eu , we have calm and peace in our chat . 
  he should try terran , herd they are pretty guuud, 
  the fact that he wears safety goggles is really amusing me . 
  thats really cool mate, 
  tss , i 've been using this strat with my oracles since the release of hots . 
  thats dope as hell man , nice !, 
  nate sure is great !, 
  cheese is great , i love the earlygame mindgames and readings in all matchups . 
  it 's really fun being the defending player , demanded to have such crisp and perfectionist decisions , placements and micro to survive . 
  it builds for a much more interesting continuation into a macro game as well . 
  it 's all way more fun than some passive pvt with tankpush on your third were you literary can not leave your defensive posture ever , because you know , you lose . 
  or protoss hardcore op ass carrier turtle in pvz . 
  sweet , i tried to copy this off of memory , thanks to everyone involved !, 
  how is that constructive feedback ? 
  it 's just a compliment, 
  oh shit , im retarded !, 
   those are the kind of compliments i only wan na hear from my boyfriend . 
  when your boyfriend tells you your tits were really out there < 3 < 3 < 3, 
  question 24 : do you believe in democracy and freedom of speech , or should we convert to dictatorship ? 
  he needs to win big titles first . . 
  this is by far the best one made !, 
  more like when your t and hate your own medvacs :-), 
  trying to stay relevant the idra way, 
  uuugh im eating breakfast wtf op, 
  americans are n't allowed to pretend to know anything about cheese, 
  does my country have an official twitter account ?
