  is this irony ? 
  more or less worst possible engage by probe . 
  that blink in the beginning hurt my soul . 
  huh i was stupid enough to missed that . 
  thank you !, 
  tfw you look away just as you about to start a huge engagement feelszergyman, 
  almost as impressive as that perfect forward blink, 
  you rule, 
  in general there are too many factors to determine when an upgrade is more beneficial then supply , since you wo n't know for sure when different engagements will occur , nor the exact type of unit compositions they will have . 
  every unit gets buffed differently from upgrades , depending on their damage per second and number of attacks . 
  pig has a daily were he explains this really well , and brings the discussion towards what upgrades that should be used for and versus what compositions in this daily , its really good and i recommend checking it out . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g94ymtyjnnc&amp; ( its from a protoss perspective ), 
  other ways to think about upgrades is of course in relation to your build and gameplan . 
  typically , if you intend to play out a longer macro game it would make more sense to invest in upgrades . 
  but if you go for a timed two base all in or smth , then i would n't bother , but rather aim for a critical research to finish . 
  like zergling speed , glaves or stim . 
  sc2 casting has imo established entertainment over analysis . 
  a lot of people seem to like it , its even statistically supported these days by twich chat reactions to the casters being funny . 
  personally i agree with you , and have never cared for the comic aspects of casting . 
  there are a few casters like artosis , pig and previously apollo who makes efforts every now and then . 
  i feel in general that starcraft has so many aspects that is never discussed enough ( in my opinion that is ! ), 
  throughout the casted games . 
  army movement is one example that totally lacks phrases and terminology . 
  came looking for this comment, 
  take a joke mate . 
  this image is hilarious . 
  hey i 100 % agree , i 've always had a hard time with all the jokes . 
  it 's not like they talk about random stuff during a football game . 
  but it seems to be what a lot of people wants to hear , unfortunately for us . 
  its my favourite sc2 song as well , 
  i enjoy playing versus random players !, 
  often turns into super interesting games . 
  my bad . 
  2 nice moves :-), 
  thats almost as many papers as the banelings nestea made that one gsl game a few years ago, 
  immortals do a lot of dmg to cyclones but can die of quite fast as well . 
  it 's really important to keep them in the back and to keep them alive with a bit of kiting . 
  its good to have some buffering adepts or something to go with it . 
  and the impact guardian shield has should not be underestimated . 
  also the theoretical frameworks connection to the analysis lacks motivation in the methods section . 
  indeed !, 
  i would totally have pulled everything but the hallucinations into those mines if i attempted that, 
  do you not get a salary or stipendium when taking a phd in the us ? 
  yeah of course . 
  thats why i 'm asking !, 
  could you explain this joke ? 
  is it because a lot of vietnamese people are gardeners in the us ? 
  thats pretty fucking great mate !, 
  thank you for making this, 
  i see !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  wow thats was really great . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  puck truly has good micro , his stream is really enjoyable to watch, 
  yeah i guess you are right about that, 
  thats pretty rad . 
  how many marijuanas did you have ? 
  they somehow managed to beat the adepts and oracles thanks to their superior skills and intelligence . 
  how about holding on to something inside the vehicle, 
  that 's why i always plug my phones charger in when i 'm driving . 
  obviously i was trolling . 
  well mate , the whole point of the joke is to make fun of the current state of things , that 's what you do when you are sarcastic . 
  and if you explain it , you 'll obviously kill it . 
  but thanks for giving me some instructions , now i know how to communicate in the future . 
  with some people it also feels as a political action . 
  they attempt to influence others views to better fit their own through some type of digital anarchy / activism . 
  you guys might as well rename this sub to r/buildings at this point . 
  sure this `` meme '' is shitty but that soft hands thing dates way back . 
  raw fucking bass, 
  so he 's having his midlife crisis ? 
  nice . 
  ive spent one semester in korea . 
  when i told my korean roommates that i 'd fly to japan over some holiday we had , they told me that i 'd have to switch rooms due to all the radiation i would bring back . 
  thats some fine craftsmanship right there, 
  him , tigerlily and their baby live in southern sweden . 
  nani is studying in the university . 
  i think he wanted to do something within biology, 
  well i work at a chemical factory and we use a corrosive poison there called potassium hydroxide , it has all sorts of warnings on it and should not be consumed !!!!, 
  immediately dispose of any ocean spray products and stick to diet coke from now on !!!, 
  that looks really clean , nicely done, 
  this was added in lotv . 
  it 's to make proxy pylons less reliable . 
  you can if its a slow or fast warpin in the colour of the psionic matrix surrounding the pylon . 
  the fast one is [ more greenish/cyan . 
  ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/commons/images/d/d8/2015-10-05_pylon_touches_nexus.jpg ), 
  indeed , it is an unforgiving world for us artists, 
  saw him in malm\u00f6 sweden last half a year ago . 
  everything was playback and he lost track several times . 
  dudes getting old and has smoked too much ganja, 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://vimeo.com/180016993 ), 
  erection metafor, 
  i would also recommend * the entire history of you *, 
  every starcraft player in a nutshell . 
  surely trump made everything way worse than it used to . 
  but the us was unpopular amongst many before his presidency as well . 
  the general impression i experience in scandinavia is that americans are ignorant and uneducated , and has trailed behind most other high standard countries in many aspects for decades . 
  that looks fucking disgusting jeez, 
  up next : a zergling vs 15 siege tanks, 
  cool and good,
