  protoss has been really weak for over a year now . 
  your data is used for much more than ads these days and more importantly , it is likely to be become much more substantial in the near future . 
  this is n't restricted to your search history ; but already today your data is used to determine your expected life span and health by pension and insurance companies . 
  it is used for a whole bunch of machine learning/ai as well . 
  it is not very unlikely that all sorts of companies will buy personal profiles that will have impact on future loans , job opportunities , etc. 
  there is a lot of interesting research being published regarding data storage , although today mostly speculative and hypothetical . 
  if you are interested i could recommend talks and articles from the communications fields . 
  i 'm a smart man so that did n't happen to me like it did to you guys . 
  to me it happened normally . 
  like a normal occurrence that occur . 
  but . . terran is only leading 14 % this season on aligulac . 
  a few days ago puck played the most micro reliant style i have ever seen in sc2 , and quite an entertaining game . 
  i thought most of you would enjoy watching it as well . 
  i agree !, 
  phoenix are cool and fun in all matchups, 
  rapid working them titles, 
  this is a nice contribution to this subreddit, 
  in addition to this , there is a pig daily about cannon rushing featuring printf : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zye3gqgryvm, 
  neo planet s would be sweet !, 
  ye it was sort of obvious imo, 
  he rallies his units to mcdonalds, 
  avilo, 
  the king of defence with wall of observers, 
  known for his macro protoss style , has now went back to bw and is doing really well, 
  not even half as cool as holding an owl though !, 
  i never cared the slightest bit about skins . 
  i only play ladder and would prefer if i could force default skins to be honest . 
  to those of you cares , hope you enjoy it !, 
  what makes you think that ? 
  idk about you guys , but my life has been nothing but smooth sailing to this point . 
  well i mean these quotes are suppose to give the player clues . 
  in that section you need to find a way to hold the doors open in order to proceed, 
  nice video !, 
  i love pucks playstyle, 
  that dude is just butthurt . 
  it was a very nice move by bunny, 
  i 'd like to add that a some of the founders of piratebay has been quite politically active as well . 
  there is a swedish political party called [ * the pirate party * ] ( http://www.piratpartiet.se/english/ ) that sprung from the whole downloading is a crime thing as well as a [ documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etokxcewo_8 ) about the founders of pirate bay 's for those interested . 
  i am so happy that sos advanced !, 
  he has been performing really poorly for quite a long time now and it feels so good to see him advancing, 
  i have not seen that movie either but i would assume that geoff is talking about jizz, 
  we do n't go to ravenholm . . 
  i 'd totally pay for a reverse warchest, 
  [ adam agrees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owasummqjj8 ), 
  talking about it here and like on ops tweet helps . 
  media can be really depressing but we still need it . 
  we need to remain critical and selective with our clicks and shares to influence mediatization and these types of obscene headlines . 
  just like you said , i ca n't see a problem with that . 
  it 's common for players to tune down graphics to get a view thats easier on the eyes when they play , yet when watching professionally casted games we see the game in its * best graphics * . 
  the same could be true for skins . 
  back in the dm shooter games like quake it was crucial to force an enemy model that made movement sounds you could hear and had a model as similar to the hitbox as possible . 
  to be able to pull off [ moves like this ] ( https://clips.twitch.tv/darlingjollymagethisissparta ) i 'd say it is just as crucial for professional sc2 to have the ability to force constant unit models . 
  it 's a sub for starcraft . 
  sc : r is just about to be released . 
  the banner was changed with the release of lotv . 
  would it be so crazy to change it for a while to something sc : r related ? 
  winged migration is an absolute masterful piece of art . 
  my professor hyped that film during a documentary class i took a while back . 
  i highly recommend anyone who enjoys it to see the * making of winged migration * which shows the extraordinary things they go through in order to make the film . 
  to those of you who enjoy this type of narrative led through music and editing , rather than a narrator , i would highly recommend watching [ microcosmos . 
  this is a good reply . 
  more like crazy adept play from stupid protoss opponent, 
  guess its time to start playing on na, 
  rather than guessing how things are you could actually read all this information in the article . . 
  it it was so overpowered we would see it 's use way more frequently . 
  i agree that it is hard , sometimes too hard to defend , but the problem here lies on stats not preparing well enough before the nydus was planted in his main . 
  fair enough , i guess i misunderstood your original post , my bad . 
  yeah his stream is really great !, 
  i hear ya . 
  it 's one thing that the game might be producing interesting matches on the highest of levels , but for everything below that , i fail to see strategical depth and interesting gameplay . 
  people are obsessed with defending it as a great game because of its history , which i also can understand . 
  yet i honestly think sc2 produces way more interesting strategical scenarios for the players , especially lotv . 
  edit : i do however think the singleplayer storyline is way better in sc1 and bw . 
  some of the absolute best players right now ( though there are many more ) :, 
  koreans : soo , dark , solar , byul , rogue , true ,, 
  foreigners : nerchio , elazer , serral , snute , scarlett, 
  terrans :, 
  koreans : byun , innovation , gumiho , maru , ty , alive ,, 
  foreigners : special ( former major ) , uthermal , heromarine , masa, 
  protoss :, 
  koreans : classic , stats , zest , hero , dear , patience, 
  that does ' t happen that often in sc2 anymore either . 
  it 's really common to see players pull back and re-engage several times or longer fights occurring . 
  surely they are often a bit shorter than those in bw , but if longer fights always are a what you aim for , then you should play aoe or something were you could literary take a nap and wake up in the same engagement . . 
  i wish my roommate played sc2 :(, 
  adam is back < 3, 
  if by art you mean sport , sure . 
  you do n't have to watch it live to enjoy it !, 
  and [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/oopsdidntmeanto/comments/5kwyvn/amazing_nature_photo_taken_by_dropping_phone/ ) is how its usually distributed over the internet, 
  / r/gatekeeping, 
  yes, 
  it took me about seven years to figure out how little i care about this, 
  pvp has gotten so crazy recently , it reminds me of hots colossus archon days with clunky massive armies thats slow and hard to engage with . 
  why would you use anything thats not a spoon ? 
  thats correct , but the problem with your presented facts is that they do not conflate well with my opinions . 
  you 'd still need a spoon to carve it out afterwards right ? 
  just scope it out and cut it up on a cuttingboard or cut the avocado into four pieces and peel the skin of by hand like [ so ] ( https://youtu.be/z15iphv4now?t=82 ), 
  im sorry i misunderstood , by `` pit '' i thought you meant the * hole * . 
  my bad . 
  well naturally i meant using the spoon after twisting the stone out of the avocado .
