  if i do n't scout anything particularly fishy ( like double gas , lack of buildings , i.e. 
  proxy ) i go 2 more gates and prepare for early third base . 
  then robo / twilight after . 
  ( continious scouting with adept during all of this ) will be late on upgrades , will have obs just in time for minedrops . 
  a build developed by drogo way back , i have lots of success with it . 
  if after arriving with adeptscout i see 1 base aggression ( 1/1/1 ) of some sort that i missed because of late probescout , i go robo and pylons for overcharges , and start producing nonstop stalkers out of the three gates . 
  if theres a proxy 4rax incoming i will have to defend with probes and it comes down to micro , but thats just as true if you know that you match vs terran in the first place . 
  in fact , it might even help to match vs random because i will always pylonscout , something i can skip sometimes in pvt. 
  4rax usually hits when nexus is on the way , you ca n't really be `` safe '' vs those types of all ins . 
  it 's like saying i should open forge or 2gate blindly in pvz just in case of a pool first . 
  no one does that . 
  regarding the `` if the terran expanded and is prepared for an attack i would go with the early 3d base alternative . 
  hope this is what you were asking for . 
  it revokes protoss into a more defensive state and often forces a unified army composition ( aka deathball ) . 
  in that way protoss becomes very immobile . 
  remember how hots was all about babysitting your colossus whilst trying to take a third in pvt and sometimes pvz . 
  if it 's one hex too far out maru comes launching in with his marauders to snipe it off , and the game is over . 
  its more fun if protoss has the possibility to move around some on the map before reaching max supply . 
  health buff with speed upgrade, 
  edit : im wrong sorry , no buffs, 
  hey sorry i miss-read that some how . 
  lings had no changes buff in 3.8, 
  i like you artosis, 
  should n't you guys get a bigger thermometer ? 
  there was a guy in my highschool who always ran from the train ( sweden yes ) to school . 
  snow and ice would n't stop him . 
  it was quite hilarious to see . 
  i never got the opportunity to talk to him unfortunately and the reason for his running remains a mystery . 
  hey i love it as well !, 
  i just never seen anything like it and thought it was kinda hilarious . 
  like [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=termometer&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=803&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjsw4zupd3qahxc3iwkhbznds4q_auibigb#tbm=isch&amp;q=termometer+utomhus ), 
  the circular ones are aprox 5cm in diameter and usually attached on the outside of a window . 
  the `` linear '' ones are usually just hanging on a wall . 
  my part of the world is sweden btw . 
  literary everything is bigger in america innit ? 
  thinking about ordering one of these badboys to hang around my neck so i can engage in swedes favourite topic of conversation this winter with mad style . 
  sorry if my comment sounded offensive towards your glorious thermometers . 
  it was not my intention . 
  i do not claim that thermometers commonly used in my close surroundings are superior to yours . 
  i know very little about thermometers in general . 
  avilo having fun and enjoying a gem . 
  nice to see . 
  would n't you have to learn metric system and grams ( whatever that systems called ) for school ? 
  we used it in highschool quite a bit in physics class . 
  oh alright . 
  yea i guess you would forget it quite quickly again when never using it . 
  totally . 
  kinda childish behaviour by rotti . 
  this dude could be anyone right ? 
  maybe he was 10 years old . 
  same things happening all over europe as well mate . 
  america is definitely not alone in this . 
  `` what happend '' is something i 'd rather stay out of in a reddit discussion . 
  yea bit exaggerated maybe , but you get my point i hope, 
  i agree , it was fun to play against . 
  it 's funny however how so many terrans whined their throats soar over the original cyclone as well . 
  this protoss player made me want to kill myself, 
  inferior to the [ dong song ] ( https://youtu.be/c1gjrbmj0o4?t=43 ), 
  weow guys such cleverness great marketing . 
  tfw right is a direction , not a position . 
  didnt take those student loans for nothing , amiright ?? 
  guess we could have a pretend proleague and play tl fantasy to see who wins, 
  terran harass is a pain in the ass on all levels as protoss . 
  our units are slow . 
  terrans are fast . 
  generally speaking it 's a lot about splitting and positioning your units beforehand to protect your workers . 
  placing pylons around mineral line and bulding mothershipcore as soon as possible is a good way to defend one of the bases . 
  stalkers are good at defending other bases , they are well ranged and can deal well with medivacs and liberators . 
  you 're going to have to get used to getting detection close to your minerals to defend mine drops as well , with either observers or photon cannons . 
  most protoss buildorders in pvt are built around being able to detect and shut down drops in time . 
  regarding the jetpack raiders , or reapers : if you do the absolutely most standard pvt opening you will have units out to defend just in time , and still and expansion up and going . 
  from there you can follow up with any type of play you want . 
  the opening is :, 
  14 pylon, 
  17 assimilator, 
  20 cybernetics core, 
  21 assimilator, 
  22 pylon, 
  23 stalker or adept, 
  27 mothership core, 
  stop pretending to be a hater . 
  if you do n't like them or sc2 , why are you here 7 years in . . 
  i love stalkers , immortals and phoenix for my race . 
  hope they stick around . 
  only zergs are allowed to mass one unit and amove guys . . 
  super entertaining . 
  thank you mcanning !, 
  10 minerals for interceptors seems like a good change . 
  it 's a really hard map to play protoss mid/lategame on . 
  bases are too spread out and open . 
  same with echo . 
  i feel for you bro . 
  i need to get 1 unit with my mass adepts as well cause i ca n't see shit lol, 
  probably not . 
  we 'll find out . 
  it is after all a 100 % increase :-), 
  parasitic bomb would help out a lot here . 
  its quite powerful vs voids . 
  also fungal or biles .
