  but yeah , of course misstakes happen and sometimes it would be better to do the more safe move and pull them further . 
  but thats true for most things in starcraft . 
  playing too safe wo n't win games on the highest level . 
  this or old chrono would both be better than it is today . 
  i think it has a lot to do with tankivacs no longer being a thing . 
  edit : for tvt that is . 
  are you saying that byun is good enough to watch ? 
  i do n't know man . . 
  yes !, 
   but not to an unactive , as in depleted or without a building on it afaik, 
  rockin that korean style, 
  also , try some of dem mines , 
  im sorry mate but with that statement it 's actually you who do n't really know what you are talking about . 
  indeed picking the warpprism off versus someone who controls it well is really hard in early/mid game . 
  of course it is !, 
  otherwise it would n't be a viable strategy what so ever and pros would n't use it . 
  it 's a massive investment for protoss and losing it could in many scenarios mean game over . 
  just compare it to the nowadays really common 4dt/double archon drop . 
  most zergs have realised that they will need a good amount of roaches as well as zerglings in order to keep fending off the prism . 
  but even though its a big investment , it will not leave them falling behind as long as they deflect most damage . 
  you need to consider what protoss could have gotten instead of the robo tech , a prism and two immortals . 
  to have a counter does n't mean something that picks any unit of for free . 
  shooing a way the prism is good enough here . 
  zergs has always played exactly this way verus harass . 
  spores and queens shooing of oracles , queens blocking off hellions and preventing liberator sieges in over minerals . 
  you just loosing a few lings is a great deal for you as long as you keep macroing . 
  haaaa guys i only speak one language and other languages has words that sounds similar to words that i know in my own language wuuuuu, 
  as i can see that you are more about winning an argument than actually discussing something i 'm not gon na bait and continue in a pointless discussion . 
  if this was a an actual problem we 'd see it being used and abused . 
  last time i saw a protoss dropping double immortals vs zerg was after a failed soultrain attempt in hots . . 
  it does n't happen anymore on pro level for a reason . . 
  patchzergs did receive a fair amount of beating as well . 
  not that it was n't deserved or anything though . 
  the interface shows you all the shortcuts when you 're in a replay . 
  you can customise your hotkeys for observing , just as you can for playing . 
  to cast and observe i think the most important thing required is game knowledge . 
  you will understand what 's most interesting to talk about and show to the audience and hopefully be able to predict what 's about to come next , making your job easier . 
  good luck !, 
  it wont cancel in the middle of a shot . 
  it 's either no laserbeam at all or what we see in this clip . 
  do n't see how this would be doable without dmg to your own units . . 
  oh man im sorry i completely forgot . 
  hold on i 'm gon na log on and see if i can find them, 
  so i ca n't really find the name of the map that i used to play now and then on . 
  but it seems like whirlwind and big game hunters both see quite some ffa action . 
  if you wan na play it just go to custom -  open games , and see if you can find any there . 
  or just create your own and wait for people to join in . 
  guess you need some patience but it worked for me before . 
  omg this, 
  literary chess, 
  or not 2-shot all gateway units and be fucking reactored out of the starport . 
  very true , ofc . 
  it can be `` boring '' or , a `` waste of time '' on ladder but its part of the game and all segments needs practice . 
  if only my carriers would autofocus important units like lolberators focuses down my templars as well ... 
  agree !, 
  well ... do you know how fast a carrier is produced when its chronoboosted ? 
  was n't that solved by the nerf of msc vision ?? 
  those were hard times for terran indeed , and really boring that protoss could make it work so often even if it was scouted tbh . . 
  `` 17 ) lots of players have different nicknames depending on their style among other things . 
  are there any specific nicknames that you guys enjoy hearing or would prefer that people refer to you with ? '', 
  flash : i really like the nickname `` god '' . 
  it 's also what i 'm called the most . 
  you 're right about that . 
  but this is hating terran and liberator month mate , do n't bring your logic here, 
  you may very well be right , at least its good that those blonk days are over , 
  you are correct that innovation had a bit of a rough 2016 , but many players provide astonishing gameplay throughout the year . 
  if you follow terrans , byun , maru and ty also currently provide top game quality that any starcraft fan would enjoy watching . 
  the competition is very high , and staying in the very top for a long period of time is incredibly hard for any starcraft pro , you 're lucky with your timing however , because innovation is currently in absolutely fantastic shape . 
  he played his group matches in gsl recently : [ vod ] ( http://afreeca.tv/36840697/v/57503 ) . 
  he is not unlikely to play in koreas upcoming nationwars match and/or the next shoutcraft kings . 
  i 'd recommend you to check [ teamliquid ] ( http://www.teamliquid.net ) ( to the right is all live events + streams and upcoming events ) and [ liquipedia ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/main_page ) for recent , current and upcoming tournaments and leagues , and all other information as well really . 
  there 's also [ sc2casts ] ( http://www.sc2casts.com ) listing recent tournaments and league matches . 
  enjoy !, 
  protoss feels very forced down a certain path , and even if played out very carefully it might not be enough . 
  terrans on the other hand have freedom to play both passive and aggressive , and can be rather careless with drops without protoss being able to punish with counter agression , appart from prism harass . 
  unless one goes for a cheesy all in , early game is either strict defence with huge investments in pylons , observers and multiple stalkers or stargate play . 
  a best scenario defence can on some maps still mean that protoss looses more value than terran does . 
  terran is ridiculously mobile * and * strong with mmmm + liberator comp and can do rather crazy moves without too much of a risk , like locking down mains . 
  liberator-tank-mine has since 3.8 become an incredibly strong way of defending , meaning that carelessness and these crazy moves of yolo-terran is hard to punish , as well as prevent . 
  finally i think that while it probably would n't make things equal , the current mappool is definetly playing into the balance issues as well . 
  so many maps with a lot of airspace , so many maps with distances between third and natural . 
  protoss units are slow . 
  we rely on heavily on positional play in defensive postures and these maps make it really hard . 
  also the new cyclone melts stalkers . . we desperately need stalkers to deflect liberators and drops , but they are godawful against pretty much every other terran unit . 
  feels bad . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  hope you enjoy it . 
  ty and maru played quite a spectacular finals series of a massive $ 400 000 tournament a couple of days ago . 
  it 's available here : http://sc2casts.com/cast20895-maru-vs-ty-bo7-in-1-video-2016-wesg-finals-finals, 
  how would you explain this ? 
  leading race terran ( 15 % ), 
  lagging race protoss ( 12 % ), 
  pvt 206 -- 311 ( 39.85 % ), 
  i did read your post , thats why i asked your opinion , since you seem to have the answers for a lot of things that i have not . 
  he chronos the robo ? 
  what is this wild strat tasteless ? 
  oracle opener [ or straight ] into phoenixplay can be quite micro-intensive and excelling if you stay active . 
  double or triple stargate style can be valid in both pvp and pvz . 
  even if oracles beams are a constant animation , the damage output will be the same if you do this trick ( same thing with sentries ) . 
  he takes less damage on a single oracle as the spore retarges when he enters into range again .
