  my bad, 
  i fail to see whats funny . 
  perhaps the selected countries are most common visitors . 
  france is in there , so obviously a category with `` the rest of europe '' makes sense . 
  yes ? 
  collected thoughts : gameplay is at its current best . 
  watching and playing starcraft is more entertaining than ever . 
  stop whining and enjoy . 
  are you one of them ? 
  i can really imagine this being frustrating . 
  to me , i think it more comes down to the prejudices that people studying and working with economy , do so because they want to make a lot of money rather than studying or developing it 's system . 
  that makes them seem egoistic and to a certain extent shallow . 
  simoultaniosly i 'm fascinated by it and connect to it daily in my own studies and whish i knew more . 
  so i 'm aware of the contradiction . 
  came here to say this !, 
  it 's been to long since i saw content like this . 
  thanks so much noregret !, 
  best of luck with your practice , looking forward to following your progress, 
  i like you . 
  also masters this season even if i play like an hour a week tops , feels kinda silly . 
  i agree . 
  chronoing sometimes had a nice feeling to it in hots and wol . 
  it was n't the biggest brainteaser but using it poorly actually affected the game somewhat . 
  scouting for warpgate chrono in pvp for example could be critical . 
  now its just numb . 
  that was sweet !, 
  that 's why you plant cyber to block hatches . 
  builds faster than gateways to, 
  hardly ever seen any pro protoss onebasing it in lotv pvt. 
  seems like your issue comes down to positioning and micro rather than strategy if reaper fe is your opener . 
  how do you follow when scouting no nexus ? 
  - i assume you wall in ? 
  do n't be greedy and use them scvs to repair . 
  do n't pull 2 , pull several . 
  - bunker/mine placements are crucial . 
  - do n't move out to early to reclaim your natural . 
  a decent hold will give you a superior position anyways . 
  he or someone else must 've figured this out quite recently !, 
  i still get so sad everytime i read his name . . whyyy did you leave us, 
  drogo !, 
  you 're literary the only french guy i 've payed attention to . 
  unlike all , you 're not egocentric . 
  i know from your tutorials that you have a great approach to the game , you are indeed a great player and with time you will prevail . 
  i do n't think it is , beta should 've been listed separately as `` starcraft ii beta '' but i could be wrong . 
  if you played loads of custom/arcade stuff you could reinstall and save some space i guess . 
  i 've reinstalled mine recently and only played 1v1 online since , its currently occupying 27 gb . 
  on os x though , but ca n't imagine the difference being huge . 
  sent to the detention islands with the immigrants . 
  so he bought a camera after 13 years ? 
  good call . 
  reminds me of [ day [ 9 ] ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unheotvd2uy ), 
  doing gods work, 
  i do n't like it . 
  1v1 is what the pros are practicing . 
  brining this for our entertainment makes proleague seem less professional . 
  i think archon fits best for less serious , smaller tournaments or other showmatch-esc happenings . 
  black russian loveless life, 
  swede with superior windows reporting in, 
  because he 's responsible for half of all the videos on this sub ? 
  how can one possibly care about something like this . . ? 
  hey man , i 'm hardly extremely good , but guess i 'm good enough if you just started playing . 
  you can download replays of pro matches here : http://lotv.spawningtool.com/, 
  this website has some good buildorders as well , check them out . 
  in all honesty , i 'm sure you can become a great player and if you practice hard you will develop quickly , but , do n't push yourself too hard . 
  it takes time to learn how to macro . 
  it takes time to learn how to micro . 
  allow yourself to feel out the game and start practicing a standard buildorder when you feel ready for it , using the same in all matchups is totally fine in the beginning . 
  gl hf and ask away if you have any more specific questions . 
  happens on 4chan as well, 
  indeed . 
  not sure if your trolling , but yeah . 
  4chan has always been one of the `` go to '' places for all sorts of fucked up shit . 
  and for porn . 
  and fucked up porn . 
  you get the picture . 
  i visit rarely nowdays , but i reckon its still the same . 
  only now its in hd, 
  this is the general appreciation of it . 
  it can be argumented through the need of a new tech structure for every new tier . 
  welcome back . 
  much has changed since the beginning of sc2 . 
  arguably the meta can not even be explained to you , unless you followed the scene somewhat , things are too different from wol . 
  moreover , the meta is still shifting and turning with lotv . 
  a newly released patch may shift it more . 
  i guess the most central and general things are that protoss is n't as dependent on aoe and keeping their army together anymore . 
  gameplay tends to be more dynamic , granting you more freedom to divide your army , having map presence and expanding . 
  i would watch streams ( naniwa and mccanning for example streams regularly with think-aloud commentary ) and vods of any korean league . 
  s2sl , gsl , proleague . 
  shit 's all class a matches . 
  theres a lot of new units you need time to feel out , both micro wise and their place in the games . 
  just start playing , 
  pig is the community superhero we need !, 
  may glory and prosperity seek his path !, 
  no no no there is so much that is wrong with your assumptions !!!, 
  i 'm sorry to say it but you really need to be more certain before making these videos . 
  they are very misleading . 
  ( 1 ) there will never be a third pylon at that stage . 
  the assumption that the 2nd pylon is proxied if you cant find it in the base . 
  is however correct . 
  ( 2 ) you can absolutely not say that chronoboosting gateway or nexus are potentials for a pylon overcharge rush .
