  you played bw ??? 
  i ca n't what so ever . 
  often end up getting too hyped and do stupid aggression . 
  + always miss drops/runbys . 
  its a cool find mate , unfortunately i cant see many uses for this in game though . 
  well it could absolutely be useful for engagements like that , but having so much energy on your phoenix means you did n't use them for anything else for quite some time . 
  it 's also a likely that zerg will have hydras close by that can take them out . 
  you kinda need to engage with the ground army simultaneously i think . 
  but as i said , all tricks are cool tricks . 
  it 's a nice find , 
  jesus dude . . 
  thats true , but you do n't see protoss banter either . 
  if the statistics where swapped they would probably feel the heat . 
  literary this is what everyone tells you to do in hanoi . 
  to me it was really scary at first but you get in to it quite quickly . 
  often i would walk behind someone else and follow their lead . 
  this is the first time im actually impressed by several of the plays . 
  not saying the others were bad or anything , but that this was entertaining . 
  good job, 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  i 've always used your site and its much appreciated !, 
  its over ani, 
  gtr is doing good !, 
  fresh with some new voices in spl but man do i miss moonglade : /, 
  he went home to australia , not sure if it was his own decision or if he was employment ended . 
  he 's still streaming occasionally, 
  i know a lot of people tend to say this . 
  but i do n't really get it , maybe cause i 'm protoss and do n't get the other races very well . 
  tasteless makes way worse calls and seems totally lost quite often imo . 
  wolf always impressed me with his knowledge about the kespa teams , rules , trades and so on . 
  that counts as well !, 
  looking great man !, 
  area between main and natural is cool but seems a bit scary to me , did you account for pylon/rax walls ? 
  man , nice find !, 
  was thinking about this show just the other day . 
  good to see him . 
  that show was the shit, 
  really beautiful setup and multitasking by reality in game 2 !, 
  life 's got no manager anymore since he got arrested for matchfixing :'(, 
  so why share the image ? 
  your both anonymous anyways . 
  always nice to see contributions like this . 
  if i can give advices for future projects of yours , think about when and why you make your cuts . 
  it 's hard for me to follow whats actually happening in most of the gameplay scenarios here . 
  i can see that you intend to recap , but i think some of the scenes could be longer still . 
  sweet, 
  probably smurfs people use to mess around on . 
  drunken play/new strats/offrace/whatever . 
  and they probably play unranked, 
  glad y' all enjoyed it to . 
  thought it was an amazing series !, 
  lotv produces so many great games , 
  unfortunately i 'm not sure if the game counts for them . 
  all i do know is that ranked and unranked players can meet each other !, 
  unranked games still effects mmr , but it does n't change your visible ladder points . 
  yea video got re-uploaded and chopped up to different ones for each game . 
  its available now on [ sc2casts ] ( http://sc2casts.com/cast19222-stats-vs-byun-best-of-5-2016-starleague-s1-losers-round-4 ), 
  i choose you wolf, 
  the church of drg never closes friend . 
  praise the dong, 
  instead of seasing the opportunity to take out some idle colossi or to run away with his army op decided to produce and upload a series of images only to complain in a useless manner . 
  will you please enlighten us with the purpose of this post because i seem to have missed it . 
  i remember grubby used a macro nexus on neo planet s in the corner of his main to overcharge the choke towards his natural and his third . 
  i like gtr and i think he 's doing a decent job . 
  it 's not like tasteless has more knowledge about sc2 than he does . . 
  i do agree that he indeed showed some new interest with lotv . 
  but that his meta-knowledge would be equal to artosis is as far from the truth as it can be . 
  to me , all he does is say `` well thats it i think he just dies here '' every single game . 
  sometimes just after failed openers and man is he wrong with that . 
  guess my main issue tastosis is that i do n't find their jokes really funny and would perfer them to actually cast the game instead of fucking about for half of it . 
  but i can see how it works out for those who do find them funny . 
  has a lot to improve yes , but he is still new . 
  moonglades chair ai n't easy to fill . . 
  you 're missing the best of all : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2piez81qhk, 
  it looks cool but its counterproductive . 
  the whole debate has always been about decentralising power in ( protoss ) armies . 
  lotv succeeded in doing so to a certain extent and a majority seems to be happy about it . 
  i think a minor tweak in terms of numbers is all that might eventually be needed to boost protoss struggle . 
  well kudos to you man , for being mature and reasonable . 
  you 're allowed to believe in any concept you like . 
  theres no rights or wrongs here , only various opinions . 
  brilliant stuff drogo , thanks for this !, 
  fuck ya balloon < 3, 
  / gsl, 
  / teamliquid, 
  have n't used irc for several years . 
  but i know these channels see some activity, 
  dear  hero right now , in my opinion that is . 
  whats the estimated outcome ? 
  well i see well presented statistics like these can not be beaten and surrender to your argument . 
  how do you intend for this removal to happen ? 
  prolly true, 
  sounds sweet . 
  ca n't really watch the video atm . 
  is this only for sparring on na server or is it a global ? 
  cheers !, 
  random and kind of offensive claim . 
  what made you say something like that ? 
  genuinely surprised to see destiny capable of forming critical thoughts on something other than twitch communicational discourses , or winning arguments over 15yo 's on skype . 
  good for him .
