  took me quite some time to figure that out as well mate . 
  two questions :, 
  what tech unlocks shield battery ? 
  do you need gateway ? 
  cyber ? 
  only nexus ? 
  can you chrono your shield battery and what does that accomplish ? 
  does n't the fan kick in when you use your computer for other games/heavy programs ? 
  i play sc2 on a 2013 macbook pro so you should be fine . 
  just like on any computer , the fan starts , or speeds up when your cpu and/or gpu reaches a certain temperature to help cool it down . 
  if you 're worried that its going to get too hot get a program to monitor the temperature while you play . 
  i never really understood some of the hate towards people being vegan/vegetarian i see on reddit . 
  were i come from its quite common and we never really talk about it , but seeing shit like this makes me understand it all better, 
  three four five roaches and six seven eight lings, 
  the disruptor costs 150/150 and requires a very exspensive tech path . 
  only the robo bay is 200/200 . 
  getting a few guaranteed kills for such an expensive , immobile unit is arguably not enough to make it worth the investment over investments , like immortals or collossi . 
  another important role the old disruptor serves is a zoning ability since it really needs to be respected by your opponent . 
  players like mcanning can for example use disruptorshots to move terran bio back in order to blink forward and snipe a liberator or a mine . 
  i do n't think people would respect the new disrupor in the same manner . 
  more importantly : we 're already not seeing a whole lot of disruptors in any matchup currently that indicates some sort need for a change . 
  i personally think ( as a biased protoss player ) that it is in a good stage today and that it is very funny to both use and play against in its current stage . 
  move to europe , ours have peace and quiet . 
  jupp i think you 're totally right with that statement , and i guess testing it out to see how it works is great . 
  lets hope that people either find ways to make it somewhat useful or that it is changed for the better . 
  my mmr is 5k , m2 . 
  do you mind telling us what you are looking to study so we might be able to help you out ? 
  like some comments already said , finding masters programmes in english is really easy , but there are also several bachelors available in english , depending on your field of interest . 
  not being an eu citizen is somewhat unlucky , sweden quite recently changed its regulation from being free for anyone in the world , to being free only for eu citizens , meaning that some educations could be quite costly . 
  you would n't face any social problems that you ca n't risk facing anywere else in the western world really . 
  yes , stimmed marines . 
  new maps can be really hard for protoss in these situations, 
  i like you and the things that you do . 
  b\u00e9chamel is the classic sauce to make lasagna with , not ricotta as op indicates . 
  but there are tons of different ways to make the dish , i often use creme fraiche and put some spinach and sun dried tomatoes in there as well , works great . 
  seems like you have way better insight in this than i do , guess the actual `` original dish '' becomes debatable when it comes to something as widespread as lasagna . 
  in the end its a rather pointless discussion anyways , 
  i use one per base as well since i have production buildings on regular hotkeys , but its really up to you . 
  i know that some players opt to put a hotkey outside of their natural , or outside their opponents . 
  as protoss i find it really helpful to use camera hotkeys on bases to quickly react to drops and be able to pull workers to other bases , as well as splitting up units . 
  a lot of zergs use them to rapidly inject . 
  so depending on your way of playing and your needs , find a way that suits you , 
  [ is reality real ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kcpniworbo ), 
  he has produced some absolutely amazing rap songs on related topics that i highly recommend that you checking out if you enjoyed this one , [ here 's a link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcw5npn2mrs&amp;list=pltar9jszvnbj9rgrk_n-j_r4ka2yowetz ), 
  [ somewhat relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grfe2imjqxw ), 
  really innovative play , absolutely amazing to see . 
  maybe he was pretending to be on reddit, 
  there are tons of things that could be changed with this game to make it more appealing to newcomers , but thats not the intention . 
  sorry to everyone who was hoping for sc : r to pull a huge crowd of new players , but that 's really naive . 
  the whole point was to keep the same game and it will not attract people who was not interested in the bw in the first place , appart for maybe playing through the campaign . 
  you 're obviously way too polite and sensible to be a fully developed terran player . 
  nice to finally see a serious balance thread here, 
  the game has changed massively since wol , not only due to the release of the expansions but also players becoming way better and evolving gameplays and metas . 
  i 'd focus on just playing to learn whats new and get my macro going if i were you , you do n't really need to worry too much of specific builds or compositions . 
  just play around with new units and get used to them . 
  theres tons of content to check out if you want to improve , for example [ pigs dailies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ese_4waefms ), 
  hey i 'm also on a laptop with the same issue . 
  if you delete the game and re-download you can pause as soon as you reach `` playable '' and start playing from there . 
  it will save you almost half of the space that the full download takes . 
  whenever an update is released you need to resume the download again and get the few hundred mbs until it reaches playable again . 
  guess i 'm not the only one struggling here . 
  it 's a really hard map for protoss in this matchup . 
  sometimes im successful with a cannonrush , or manage to expand , but always because zerg does not capitalise on their possibilities . 
  how do you guys play ? 
  i feel that if i go game/cyber on highground its too easy for zerg to heavily delay my natural with a bunch of lings . 
  have anyone of you found a decent opener ? 
  thanks . 
  - where you from man ? 
  - suecia, 
  - aah switzerland , bueno, 
  perhaps this is n't the type of micro people here enjoy seeing the most . 
  but i think this was truly magnificent . 
  i know the parts of the community had some issues with his and wolfs casts . 
  but i always loved them and their casts in spl and ssl . 
  makes me happy to see esl decided to involve him . 
  i know wolf was quite disappointed none of them where invited to blizzcon even if they casted most games ( appart from bttv maybe ) in 2015 . 
  [ removed ], 
  men icke !, 
  dear poland , reading up on your country i was confused to see that you 've got both a prime minister ( beata szyd\u0142o ) and a president ( andrzej duda ) . 
  i 've never seen that before and i feel stupid not knowing about this . 
  a brief explanation on how this functions would be much appreciated . 
  / thanks a swedish guy . 
  do the teams pick all three players unaware of the opposing teams picks ? 
  or do they do some sort of a b a b system ? 
  [ removed ], 
  been thinking that this guy is really good , but also handsome and swedish . 
  his movements are spectacular , both ingame and in the booth  !, 
  who is you \u00b4 re idol-crafter ? 
  next dlc-pack might improve this ? 
  thoughts ? 
  dear terrans : place your additional buildings further away from your wall off . 
  my adept shade can often see your additional raxes or tech . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm rooting for neeb i guess but wow !, 
  how the hell did patience make that engagement work ??? 
  i 'm absolutely clueless on what that just happend there, 
  [ removed ], 
  did anyone else notice that on appyssal reeef things are floating around like funny balloons ??? 
  there is also a shark .
