  skytoss might be op right now but this clip shows none of it . 
  solars army is waaay worse here . 
  thank god for all those tactical reddit memes . 
  where would we be without them ? 
  survey done . 
  you mind telling us your research question and your major ? 
  good luck with your thesis !, 
  byul kites well . 
  if they engage head on stats would totally win . 
  but stats units are way slower as well . 
  he ca n't do much more than what he does if he wants to take a fight in this position with the units that he has . 
  hey man i agree . 
  to be honest i do n't think there was anything special with this at all . 
  often it feels like people just post quite regular stuff due to the casters hyping it up . 
  this type of unit control is to be expected out of all pros most of the times . 
  but i do appreciate this type of content over `` happy birthday to x '' or `` look at me i got promoted '' so i do n't wan na be hating too much :-), 
  master league 2 on macbook here, 
  thanks mate . 
  i 'm protoss though so not that impressive :-), 
  my mom does this nose cleaning thing, 
  heard from many sources that toss got fed up with being bashed around after 3.8 . 
  even though hydras got nerfed again i think a lot of us are having a hard time . 
  pvt is super hard for me atm . 
  when do you take your third ?? 
  you invest in blink and robo before i guess ? 
  i might be too gready . 
  but feel like i should n't have slip way behind in macro . 
  phoenix openers with adepts into colossus play work ok on vaani and daybreak . 
  but struggle on other maps . 
  i veto the shit out of echo . 
  liberators are ridiculous . 
  its hard to protect a 4th base as well . 
  pvz feels like double archon opener still works ok . 3gate adept pressure as well . 
  but some maps are really hard to play on . 
  he looks under-stimulated . 
  terrans get mad when their op-as-shit tanks turns against them :-), 
  omg yes . 
  show us that brain, 
  templars are protoss units . 
  why would there ever be different control groups ? 
  ex kgb not impressed, 
  it gains a lot of value simply from being real . 
  if you 'd seen this photography without knowing its context , it probably would n't been so impactful . 
  that being said , i totally agree that this looks nothing but staged . 
  through that logic we could also stop problematizing rasism , climate change , economic inequalities and other shiznits . 
  sweet !, 
  zvp - i turtle hardcore and sometimes manage to get enough carriers to win . 
  not very fun for either player . 
  pvt - i try everything and then i lose . 
  pvp - still good , but was better before skytoss buff . 
  that park has so many fucked up statues . . we used to smoke weed and hang out there when i was cool and fresh . 
  got spooked many times, 
  thats what i was fishing for . 
  thank you for saving my christmas !, 
  thanks man . 
  this was when i was 19 and doing the whole swede-working-in-norway thing . 
  guess we had luck on our side . 
  guess they foresee a player decrease . 
  makes sense to remove code a. 
  this should be used more now that stalkers are such a rarity in pvz . 
  i agree . 
  buff msc, 
  it 's the complete package . 
  i love intense games . 
  sc2 requires all my cunnings . 
  moreover it 's super entertaining to watch . 
  previous games that i played has honestly not been ( quake etc. ), 
  cool tribute . 
  i absolutely agree that it 's an interesting unit that creates exciting scenarios . 
  i do very much enjoy defending vs minedrops , what i perhaps do n't like so much is how it forces protoss to play in a certain way pvt. 
  lastly , its fucking cheap oh my god how can it be so cheap ? 
  this . 
  never heard of pedestal before . 
  could be because we do n't speak english but hey . 
  can someone explain how this works in the us ? 
  do you usually have one bin for recyclables and one regular bin ? 
  what 's considered as recyclable ? 
  thanks . 
  this just says mumumumumumu in hangul, 
  thanks for the answers . 
  yea that was what i was curious about as well . 
  does that mean that someone will have to sort it later on ? 
  or is it done by machinery ? 
  that looks awful to render !, 
  i think its quite a great idea actually . 
  even if it could be more efficient to do it otherwise it sounds like it would , like you say , get people to recycle . 
  thanks for the answers !, 
  did it activate when units got in range ? 
  i 'd love to have an image of me spanking jennifer lawrence , can that be implemented as well ? 
  blizz plz . 
  massing carrier is quite viable pvz and to be fair it 's one of the easier strategies to execute . 
  yes you need to be very precise with the build , unit positioning , scouting and so on . 
  but it 's really passive and requires very little from you in terms of micro , speed and multitasking . 
  i can see how it 's annoying for some zergs . 
  does n't legitimise bm though . 
  agree, 
  haha great . 
  thats totally something i 'd love to have as a portrait . 
  my actual nick is dendrofil . 
  but that was taken , so i used one of the many alt .
