  in our western society today the portion of people secluded to traditional mediums as information source such as television or newspapers is still massive . 
  what do you think their view on esports as well as other sports not covered through those channels is like ? 
  the olympics for example , is a very old tradition . 
  maintaining it that way helps keeping its value . 
  i 'm positive we are going to see a bigger admittance to esports in general media in a very near future , but processes of this scale needs to take their time . 
  hey !, 
  can i find episodes from 11th and 12th on twitch or something already ?? 
  thanks, 
  found it , heres link for states those interested : http://www.twitch.tv/lycangtv/v/35133910, 
  also ; playing quantic & flowering inferno pre episode , sweet lyncan !, 
  absolutely . 
  i mostly play starcraft mid day ( sweet sweet student life ) since i usually perform way worse in evenings when my head is tired . 
  likewise dude !, 
  i think my pvz win rate is like 35 % . 
  they need to show us the way, 
  i do n't really see what the big issue is with dingit ? 
  using it now and it works great , no ads , fluent in highest quality . 
  if you guys are worried about malware/seeding or whatever just uninstall after each watch . 
  it literary takes one second to install . 
  yea i 'm sure i can find plenty . 
  this is not me trying to argue for the sake of a company . 
  i 'm just saying , if you wan na watch ssl it works totally fine . 
  most web 2.0 platforms do things that i do n't approve of . 
  but i need or want to use them anyways . 
  [ trolldans ] ( https://www.facebook.com/trolldanslabel/ ), 
  niiice !, 
  rise and shine myungsik !, 
  rise and shine !, 
  is this sort of punishment common in us elementary schools today ? 
  kinda off-putting . 
  i doubt colossi would replace disruptor in case of this nerf . 
  it 's too expensive for it 's dmg output in lotv . 
  naniwa talked positive about such a change on his stream , believing it would make chargelot archon/immortal a valid unit comp . 
  vs stalker disruptor . 
  as well as allowing for forward blinks to be less suicidal . 
  if more than one groundbased unit comp is viable the match up would be more interesting imo . 
   claims that he 's on 4chong , out of all places, 
   does n't see the pepe, 
  this and all of / r/pcmasterrace belongs in here . 
  the horror off being chased by speed overseers with parasitic bomb, 
  `` in quotes '' uuuugh, 
  so phoenix takes down pdds faster than other air units ? 
  actually , [ everyone in the city of gothenburg , sweden is named glenn . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezgcnzde9bu ), 
  did you try through playonmac or some other windows emulator ? 
  did n't try bw myself , but have gotten most other games to work with it eventually . 
  i do n't like tastosis casting . 
  both are good but together they makes a bunch of jokes i do n't find super funny and misses out on whats actually going on in the game . 
  especially in hots i they always mentioned how we just need to wait a few minutes before anything happens so we can make jokes . 
  they could use this time to discuss the map , potential strategies , details around scouting . 
  theres so many small things thats not too often mentioned regarding openers . 
  do regular americans never use the 24h system ? 
  i never knew . 
  man i never liked daybreak ... 
  the rest of them where great indeed !, 
  you could def . 
  up the exposure a bit to make them look better, 
  my 190 cm friend got jump-punched in the face by a midget , grabbed the midget and threw him into the wall, 
  sweet video, 
  nice video mate, 
  keep em coming ejk . 
  always good stuff from you !, 
  excellent, 
  insane is an exaggeration . 
  airrockets are not that hard to hit when you know maps and rotations well, 
  how 's the scene going ? 
  have n't followed for some years . 
  who are winning tourneys ? 
  thanks for a developed reply mate . 
  and really sorry to hear this news , even if it 's kinda what i imagined . 
  q3 will always be the best game ( or at least engine ) ever made in my opinion . 
  with the blossoming hype for `` e-sports '' it 's really a shame ql never shined through . 
  i used to play w \u00a7 w if you 're familiar with it for years on quite high level , even though the scene in that game was ridiculously small and always followed tourneys and happenings in the quake scene . 
  good to hear that rapha and cypher still plays . 
  will definitely keep an eye on diabotical for sure , but now my dmshooter days are over as a serious player . 
  only rocking a laptop and proper tracing is impossible . 
  i do n't like it . 
  ca n't feel any flow , fights are kinda messy . 
  but i have n't played it much . 
  feels like it could get better if they work on weapon projectiles and knockbacks, 
  mate the game was long over , he 's just trying out this micro . 
  you dont get it at all do you ? 
  at the end of hots you released a video where you talked about positioning of msc , stalkers and observers earlygame pvt. 
  it was the best strategical video i 've ever seen in starcraft . 
  do you consider producing more ? 
  sorry for the very leading `` question '' . 
  of course mate . 
  just wanted you to know that it was appreciated . 
  people hardly ever talk about positioning and your perspective was so fresh in comparison to the kinda unified and repetitive way casters and streamers analyse the game . 
  when theres a lot going on in my life liquipedia has always so nice to have . 
  it 's impressive how well maintained and up to date it 's been kept these years . 
  thanks to all contributors !, 
  can someone explain ? 
  is that some ice machine or something ? 
  well trap is using them vs ty right now in proleague . 
  but i guess you know better . 
  well its not bad compared to [ mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ixz7l1o.jpg ), 
  i 'd honestly be happy to spill something in my keyboard so i 'd allow myself to buy a new one . 
  and thanks , i also like my desk a lot . 
  great for procrastinating research and browsing memes,
