  am protoss , produce tears . 
  as great and hilarious as this is , i ' t honestly would n't surprise me if us sc2 players will whine and request a sc2 friendly mod in remastered upon realising how utterly frustrating and ridiculous scbw mechanics are . 
  i 'm unaware of your previous post , so i 'm not sure of what you are trying to say ? 
  is it that terran is harder than the other races ? 
  surely in some aspects , but definitely not in all . 
  obviously all three races are totally different and require vastly different assets of skills and thusly , one race is likely to fit you better than others . 
  if you struggle with terran micro and do n't enjoy it , why not switch to another race that you seemingly have better success with ? 
  you say that terran is harder to manuevor but more rewarding for higher level players , but thats probably not the case for everyone . 
  people with other backgrounds might be used to intensive micro but struggle with other aspects . 
  personally i came from the quake scene and did n't find micro or unit management too diffircult , but struggled vastly with basic macro and scouting & positioning with slow ass protoss armies . 
  surely terran is super hard , but so is protoss . 
  the only one thing we actually can confirm here is really that zerg is ridiculously easy to play . 
  well man , thats unfortunate . 
  guess you 're going to have to choose if you wan na play the race you enjoy or the one ( s ) that you improve faster with . 
  or all three , thats cool as well . 
  hey thank you for sharing your view !, 
  i might not agree with everything you say but i still think it 's interesting to read , new perspectives are always great , even if the structure of reddit ( and mass self communication in general ) has a hard time welcoming it . 
  i go on all sorts of rants quite often myself . . , 
  whats wrong with white people throwing gang signs ? 
  the mammoth on the right won . 
  i mean he did say please . 
  is there some other source from maybe a more established german newspaper confirming or writing about this matter ? 
  feels like someone should have mentioned it and this headline and webpage is too dodgy for my taste . 
  thank you !, 
  harstem has a really entertaining and fun attitude , really recommend checking his stream out, 
  this is fucking great !, 
  voids have an active ability now , rather than the charge it used require to reach maximum damage . 
  when activated it does more damage to armoured units . 
  see liquipedia for more : http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/void_ray_ ( legacy_of_the_void ), 
  or maybe because they can not math, 
  actually saw this in a failed high fives compilation on facebook the other day . 
  good stuff, 
  dae adepts  strategic gods, 
  i had no clue either , apart from schutzstaffel , but that seems random for the situation . 
  when i googled it i got selfiesunday . . 
  hi from / r/all . 
  i have never played tf2 and here is what i think is happening : all is well in wonderland and teddy bear man greets pyro and tells him not to start a fire . 
  pyro sees sees black hearing this from teddybear man and axes his face in . 
  then a nude guy tells him that its enough now . 
  thats pretty much it . 
  good stuff , nice channel !, 
  ok yeah there is definetly things going on in the last frame , but i ca n't make sense of it , did n't know who amelia earheart was , not american . 
  but indeed , there is a hot dog person , a crashed plane and more ( dead ? ), 
  bears, 
  pig has a few dalies where he discusses this for the pvz and zvz matchup in depth . 
  i have n't used it since it was like this . 
  what 's it like now ? 
  [ this might help you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ake7ju0ck5y ), 
  zvp :, 
  ling bane hydra is a common zvp composition . 
  roach hydra and/or hydra lurker are also seen now and then and are totally viable up to a high level . 
  hydras are usually not very cost effective vs terran bio , or tanks . 
  there have been a few examples were hydras + vipers are used to deal with mech , but its not that common to see . 
  zvz, 
  hydras can and are quite often mixed into roach compositions , their dps and range is better than roaches , but obviously they are more fragile . 
  general :, 
  if i understand your question correctly , you mean that hydras could be used to counter drops harass or air compositions . 
  when it comes to drop harass , the reason high level zergs do n't invest in hydras to deal with it , is not because it would be bad , but because its an investment they usually can do without by using queens and splitting their army in the right ways . 
  to counter air play , there it really depends on what type of units you 're up against and the state of the game . 
  in zvp for example , hydras are a good option vs voidray focused compositions , whereas corruptors would be better vs carriers . 
  but obviously , armies usually consists of a mix of units to be more well rounded , so you should n't view it as this black and white, 
  that 's cool , need to check that out !, 
  serral looks like sase, 
  lategame terran can totally compare with multiple scans and constant defensive vision in an area way larger than a revelation covers . 
  oracles are n't that cheap and vs compositions with lots of vikings/corruptors/tempests oracles will die for the exchange of of a good revelation . 
  further more protoss armies are generally way slower and less mobile than other races and if it was n't for warpins protoss would have hell of a hard time sustaining in spread out situations . 
  in some scenarios though it surely seems bothering and strong , just like all sorts of things can do in starcraft when you do n't deal with it the proper way . 
  the point is to be able to adapt your gameplay after the situation . 
  but of course all sorts of solutions could be applied to replace revelation and surely , some could be improvements for the gameplay . 
  care to share any at all in a constructive manner rather than just complaining ? 
  this is a good mention , its actually used a fair bit of times these days by pros . 
  the problem however , is the range of its vision . 
  since observers are so fragile , they are quickly killed even if you have multiple by players with good target fire . 
  it would be crazy hard to play verus some compositions like lurker hydra or mothership . 
  one option could of course be to increase sight range of observers , or add an upgrade for it like in bw . 
  good, 
  i am outraged . 
  i read the post and it mentioned a protoss nerf so im cry about being the hated race it even if its probably mostly going to effect pvp . 
  til the raven has the same souply cost as a fucking zealot . . 
  yea , flak cannon was totally op in some scenarios in ut2k3 , but that was mostly because of the narrow streets and architecture of iraq i guess . 
  impressive , i could only withstand 4:26, 
  there is . 
  its called you do n't like what you study and you should switch into something else . 
  i was n't laughing :( kudos to rouge though . 
  patience has been doing really well lately and he seems to have prepared for his style well . 
  there has been scenarios in pro matches when people miss-clicked and attacked the rocks . 
  since a-moving wont work if you hit a structure its good to take them out just to be 100 % safe , but i mean this happens extremely rarely . 
  depending a lot on the situation . 
  sometimes you can not warpin if you really need to make sure for example to get your forcefields/storms down not to die to banelings . 
  or if you 're in an intense disruptor fight . 
  other times you can leave your army be more than terrans can , constant kiting is not really a thing for protoss in the same way . 
  there is usually room for this after your spells and abilities have been used . 
  that or you could disengage for a slight second . 
  if you get rapid fire for your warpins you will find time to implement it into the fights . 
  hot key or location hotkey for your warpprism/warpin point is helpful for me . 
  when you are attacking , its obviously a good idea to have a prism close to your army and warp in as soon as possible before the fight , protoss strength is this almost instant reinforcement possibility . 
  that could often leave you with enough time before the next warpin round is possible.this is where you often see good players utilize the prism for micro in between . 
  ( not so much vs terran though because marines ), 
  the only advantage i could see is if you 're countering voids with storm , that should be slightly more efficient now . 
  man stats looks absolutely hilarious when he first pops up in this video .
