  sounds stupid . 
  whilst both soo and stats are superb players , i think its fair to say that most people did not expect to see stats moving on over innovation . 
  well i 'm not gon na argue with that and to be fair i 'm really happy that stats won . 
  congratulations on your earnings !, 
  its tomorrow , or tonight depending on where you live i guess . 
  it starts in 10h , see liquipedia for additional info : http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/2017_global_starcraft_ii_league_season_1/code_s, 
  this makes me angry, 
  been playing on eu since release and never seen this , it sounds to me like you are trying to spread some of those fake news i hear so much about from across the atlantic . 
  i do n't know man , i agree that sos have not looked very promising lately , but his last gsl was quite great and he pulled off some really cool and fresh styles of play . 
  i 'm sure he can give soo a run for it . 
  that 's some dank shit right there, 
  yea murica the rest of the world has been building isolated houses for hundred years or so , welcome to the club, 
  thats correct , thats the whole reason he kept his probes and zealot where he did as well , he aimed to stall cannons from getting in range of his pylons before msc and a stalker was out . 
  he did . 
  pylons close to a nexi or a warpgate allow fast warpin . 
  the gateway has to be completed and turned into a warpgate before the pylon becomes `` fast , '' but a nexi does not have to be completed . 
  literary chess bois, 
  while i do respect and admire polt , i can not agree with what he says . 
  for several months now , terran is by far the cheesiest race i face on ladder and i know other people ( mcanning for example ) has said the same . 
  i almost feel like terran has taken the role protoss had in hots , of being the race with like 10 different 1base allins in that matchup . 
  the reason protoss does gimmicky shit sometimes early/mid like oracle , adeptery , dts , disruptor drop is because we cant engage head on pretty much ever before 3 saturated bases at least , often way later than that . 
  in order to have some sort of influence in the terrans macro and map presence drops and harass is the only way to go about that . 
  few protoss basics :, 
  always start cybercore immediately after first gateway completes . 
  always start warpgate research immediately when cyber completes . 
  always transition all your gateways to warpgates immediately when warpgate research completes ( if a unit is buliding and close to completed wait for that to finish ) . 
  warpgate research takes about ( a bit more ) twice the buildtime of a gateway . 
  if you want to add additional gateways after your cybercore for some early game pressure or safety , do so not later than half way into warpgate research , you will then be able to warp in from all your gates immediately when warpgate finishes . 
  a lot of protoss builds throughout time has been oriented around this , such as the 4gate . 
  ofc , this is my biased view and i do realise that protoss still cheese , its just that terran never used to and now they kinda do it quite a lot . 
  what types of cheese do you encounter ? 
  msc pylonrush ? 
  i hope you do realise that the game was already massively in harstem 's favour before that final attempt by lambo . 
  also , both hydralisks and corruptors are getting a small buff soon , so cheer up and chillax mate . 
  i too hope for a more equal zvp matchup , and we are likely to get it very soon . 
  ya 7gate is totally dirty , and if you consider 2base im sure i can think of loads of builds as well . 
  i was more refering to rushes . 
  but let me again clarify ; protoss has always been the dirty race of sc2 . 
  all ins are what we do . 
  but just briefly , as of lately . 
  terrans has started to do a lot of 1base allins as well , and , since lotv and the introduction of cyclone , 1base allins seems a lot less common in pvt , from my perspective . 
  guess i need to try that voidray bust you 're speaking of . . :-), 
  i quite often face a build with marauders and reactored cyclones ( super popular on proxima station , coming in through backdoor rocks in your pocket natural ) , sometimes its followed by medivac or liberator as well . 
  i also run in to players proxy 4raxing straight marines and bunkerrushing . 
  and sometimes proxy factory floating to my main or mines burrowing in my natural . 
  i occasionally get the good ol 1-1-1 with marine tank liberator as well . 
  this is on master eu . 
  early lotv i always delayed scout until my first adept , but nowadays i would not even plant my expansion before i confirm a single gas and a rax in the terran base . 
  it is everywhere i 'm afraid, 
  i buy baklavas and celebrate the joy of eating them all the time , what more could you ask for ? 
  i like minimalistic/monolink techno or classical music when i play sc2 . 
  i need it to be kind of low key , preferably instrumental . 
  best second season i 've ever seen !, 
  oh god , what did he say now ? 
  - * republicans *, 
  president found this one weird trick to save the planet , , you wo n't believe what it is ^ scientists ^ hates ^ him - * sean spicer *, 
  we need to unite together and save this country from polarisation , even if we have to work together with those rasist ass clowns - * bernieb0is *, 
  fuck yes !, 
  typing cntrl * small brain *, 
  typing ctrl * normal brain *, 
  the ruse is real, 
  head : stats, 
  better head : sos ^ wakes ^ nestea ^ from ^ his ^ insignificant ^ dream ^ and ^ teaches ^ reddit ^ what ^ it ^ actually ^ means ^ to ^ be ^ ^ c ^ ^ r ^ ^ e ^ ^ a ^ ^ t ^ ^ i ^ ^ v ^ ^ e, 
  my friend when watching dude wheres my car :, 
  * dude its a lama *, 
  friend : really ? 
  i thought that was an ostrich, 
  hey man , i think a good way to approach scouting is to consider : how will i change my build according to what i scout ? 
  obviously it always feels better to have some intel , but if you do n't actually use it , your scouting is pointless in theory . 
  i 'm a protoss player , and i always scout ( apart from 4 player maps ) in time to adapt my build to what i find . 
  let me give you an example ; if you play pvz and wish to open nexus first , you better scout immediately after your first pylon if you do n't want to gamble on instantly losing to an early pool . 
  if you however decide to open gate  gas  nexus you can scout after gateway , ( or even after your nexus depending on map ) and still be safe . 
  in pvt l face alot of proxy cheese as of resent , so i scout after gas or after gate ( depending on map ) to get my probe to the terran base before i plant ny natural . 
  if i see no rax and double gas i expect cyclone proxy and prepare for that . 
  pvp is 90 % 2gate opener , there i scout for a natural by different means depending on my build . 
  tl ; dr unless you aim for a certain opener , like an all in or a very safe macro play , scouting makes sense to do in time before you proceed with a critical choice , such as tech path or expansion . 
  try to be prepared with a response for each of the options you are likely to scout in advance !, 
  oh okay i hear you . 
  i guess this comes down a lot to understanding of the meta and expectations of things you have encountered before . 
  i guess that the quicker and better one becomes , the more one can allow themselves to poke and probe in different ways to gather small pieces of information . 
  i guess thats whats commonly referred to as starsense . 
  the ability to predict a move out of an opponent . 
  for example : sometimes i can feel out that an oracle is coming in pvp , because of the commitment of adepts beforehand , my opponant is pushing me to use my overcharge . 
  sometimes i can feel that the zerg player is gon na drop me , from their effort of occupying my attention towards my wall . 
  if you do encounter things as bunkerrush on your nat when you play zerg , try to implement an overlord or creepspread to extend your vision . 
  if you often encounter proxypylons , make a habit of having a ling patroling or running around in common locations . 
  i guess my boring and somewhat disappointing answer is that these scoutings are things you learn by simply playing . 
  if you look for all the things you have lost to in the past , they can not happen the exact same way again right ? 
  i recommend you to watch this pig daily on scouting if you wan na spend some time improving in the area : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q4u56oakgs, 
  whats wrong with every comment here , this guy just got a tattoo and is happy about it , jeez . 
  parents **, 
  you win, 
  hurr durr i 'm using a screenshot from a fraction of time from a single game to make a point about flaws in macro mechanics of the protoss race . 
  you could say that the roles are swapped when protoss goes for phoenix-adept . 
  usually protoss needs to sit back and defend until +160 supply . 
  if they move out on the map they get dropped to death or risk getting flanked and loose their colossi and with that the game . 
  terran armies are faster and can poke and prod without risking to loose too much , if they are skilled and do n't get too eager . 
  but with phoenix adept , this meta no longer applies . 
  protoss can catch a fleeing terran army , and , sometimes this happens even with great players because protoss has been pooling and hiding their tech , explicitly to counter and hunt down the commonly incoming push towards the protoss third base . 
  sometimes terran are aware , and still goes for a bit of a timing , it can then often come down to the engagement - will protoss manage to pick off the widowmines before they splash on the phoenix and adepts ?
