  sure starcraft is n't erased from the planet , and many things that are beautiful and great will by no doubt still be around . 
  but to me it feels like we lost the spine of the game . 
  the core and central proscene i 've admired for so long is no more . 
  that is indeed sad news . 
  well thats true but im speaking about teams and potentially a lot of players as well . 
  is this just for the pun or are you not allowed to bring candy to american cinema ? 
  i 'm guilty of mmr inflation by losing 5 games as terran and 4 games as zerg today ( zvz is some funky shit ), 
  hey so i 've been studying visual communication for 5 years now and i must say that this green guy is truly a genius . 
  wow !, 
  such an analysis !, 
  what made you think that ?? 
  wow golden is a terrible cook, 
  hey there was actually a few really impressive moves . 
  you really do n't have a lot of things to worry about do you ? 
  indeed !, 
  this is really a new kind of insight to me in many of their carriers and lives . 
  all have really great . 
  president of the usa, 
  welcome to the best journey of your life aussibois, 
  terrans realised that zoning with nukes is more expensive than making a liberator dae ?? 
  voices in sc1 where in general so much more badass than sc2 , and dialogue was waay better scripted ( imo ) . 
  says the zerg, 
  jk your point is valid, 
  he talks about the cosmological constant in the opening statement for those interested . 
  thank you, 
  army does n't make a lot of sense for a build order imo . 
  a build is either agressive of some sort , aiming to do cripple , to end the game or something amongst those lines , or passive in the sense that it aims to get an economic advantage and play from an technologic and unit numbers disadvantage . 
  but all builds still revolves around making an army at some point in the game . 
  your description made a lot more sense . 
  i have n't encountered this system before , but now i can see how it could be useful . 
  thanks . 
  must be hard on you, 
  no soil is whats impressive . . 
  have n't seen something this good since choo choo, 
  new season is sooo much worse than 1 and 2, 
  hey snute by all means it must be devastating after many months of hard training go out the way you did , but when you say that you 're bad at your job your being hard on yourself . 
  the difference between your job and a regular one is that your competing on a ridiculously hard level in a game that is in constant motion ( meta , maps ) . 
  is sos or maru bad at their jobs to ? 
  because they did n't even qualify for the finals . 
  you 've earned mine and so many others respect through not only your amazing plays , but sportsmanship and attitude towards other players as well . 
  you 're a fantastic player snute , and i know that after mourning this heavy loss you will rise again , with new motivation for future tournaments . 
  you need to get started drinking like a lot of caffeine bro, 
  this shit so obv fake, 
  time to ladder it up with colossi storm disruptor brotosses, 
  sounds like a hipster to me, 
  thought you guys embraced capitalism in the land of the free . 
  this is what thats all about . 
  thats a very serious answer to my not so serious statement mate . 
  but pleeease everyone upvote my promotion post xddd it means so much to mee !, 
  also happy birthday to x !!, 
  yes , literaly . 
  and i 'm glad you did , 
  a fistful of dollars, 
  word . . now imagine if moonglade came with him . . aussie zerg banter at its finest, 
  yes ... really hope they will be around for some gsl/ssl if thats going to happen next year . 
  well i was looking to #trigger but thank you for your mature response i guess . 
  obviously thats morally wrong but its honestly not the least bit surprising . 
  hey ra nice to meet you , even if your life had some minor downers it seems very nice all in all . 
  good for you !, 
  nope . 
  isnt it double dmg to a unit while its warping in ?? 
  also an oracle beats one stalker if they face off both with full health . 
  you may be right about that !, 
  thats why i posed it as a question . 
  ca n't remember honestly . 
  but i should know . . 
  what race does it play ? 
  guess it makes sense that it learns the culture as well , 
  and tasteless, 
  ya , it really sucks when it goes down like this when scouting so diligently . 
  i often find it better to just rush my first adept towards their base . 
  its a bit late but if you immediately go 4 gate + robo its possible to hold any 1basing terran, 
  i do make early msc yes . 
  my go-to opening vs terran is an old one drogo used a lot in the early days of lotv . 
  it still works well for me . 
  after regular 1gate exp . 
  ( nexus before core 1 gas ) i go 2 additional gates immediately . 
  if i scout a terran expo i usually go super early third base , then robo + twilight after , if no expo just 4th gate , pylons at natural and robo . 
  dont face early bunkers that often really , the 1base attacks i see is something 1-1-1 related . 
  if you 're worried with bunkers i guess you could just scout around your natural . 
  this build is not very common and i know that on higher levels a lot of terrans would be able to spread you too thin , but for me it 's still solid in masterleague, 
  they should get a big fuckin roundabout instead, 
  marinelord seems more like an edgelord to me, 
  it was a remarkable scene indeed, 
  well both of their retardations do sort of match nicely . 
  i do love you nathanias, 
  word up !, 
  saving a bunch of things is just useless . 
  if you find a nice place for it , sure put it there . 
  but if its just in some box , get rid of it . 
  ye this is kinda bronze i guess ... obviously always move your army if you ca n't find the nuke in time . . 
  in sweden we have a specific pizza salad that all pizza places makes , it 's quite nice actually . 
  and people say we have n't reached gender equality yet . . 
  heres a recipe i found on google : http://blogs.transparent.com/swedish/the-mysterious-swedish-pizza-sallad/, 
  it 's a super simple salad , nothing i would make at home or anything . 
  but it kinda fits well with pizza places since it 's hard to fuck it up . 
  all places have this to eat whilst waiting for your pizza . 
  if you order a take out you 'll get it in a small plastic can, 
  haha wow i had no clue , thanks for letting me know . 
  did n't even know there was an american styled coleslaw .
