signs of a developing country is massive population growth , economic growth , extreme poverty and instabile government . 
  no russia is not a developing country , it 's defenitely an industrial western nation by every defenition , maybe losing a bit of their economy now but they are by no means a developing country . 
  examples of developing countries are kenya , not a very close comparison to russia . 
  this is the problem with putins ideal , no modern country can survive with a good economy without friends in the west , it always goes badly . 
  putin put the ukraine crisis a little too far and the west has now crippled russias economy . 
  not visible really in media but it seems like it is more devastating that it seems to be . 
  not to hate on russia but there is no way that they can economically challenge all of the west , no way . 
  i believe russia should put putin away from office and get someone who wants to improve the russian economy and relations with the west , russia and europe are n't enemies , not at all . 
  sorry iwas quite tired due to being sick and it kinda came out more aggressive than i meant to . 
  this is stupid and dishonest stereotypes on finns , what ferry did you travel by because i do n't think it was an official ferry if this happened really . 
  i have traveled by ferry from finland to estonia several times and to stockholm even more times , the only time there was ever anything weird was when a guy puked near us . 
  where is his apartment ? 
  there is no such place in helsinki , not even in the slummest places in helsinki is there no internet and malfunctioning power sockets . 
  you are a liar that tries to make a bad image of finland and estonia , what country are you from ? 
  you sound really stupid . 
  the most famous person in finland is not jean sibelius , it 's either linus torvald or carl gustav mannerheim, 
  do n't forget the shitty $ 2 boots with skii capabilities . 
  the , rather than a cap it 's a suomi beanie . 
  while i am worried about trump i am also very interested in what the eu will do , i personally believe that the eu will unite more , form a union army and more because of the trump and russia situations . 
  i never claimed cuba is one of the happiest countries in the world , it 's communist not socialdemocratic . 
  again big difference . 
  i never claimed cuba or china were perfect did i ? 
  i said they were vastly superior to their capitalistic counterparts in their local areas , can you with a straight face say that haiti turned out better than cuba ? 
  my info is based on statistic by visitors , facts and state provided statistics . 
  i do n't use one source for my arguments , i never have and i never will . 
  germany has a lot of socialdemocratic values and the social democratic party has been in power several times during it 's history . 
  it is europes richest country , one of the happiest , most educated . 
  funny right ? 
  if socialdemocracy is bad then why does it work out vastly better than capitalism ? 
  what about sweden ? 
  their economic structure is one admired by the entire world because of it 's socialdemocratic values . 
  it is also one of the worlds happiest nations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_happiness_report funny how the socialdemocratic northern europe ranks the highest , despite it 's weather ? 
  read up on differences between socialdemocracy and communism before you comment on it , do some research . 
  i respected your opinion and simply debated with you until that point , then i just saw you as an ignorant shit who does n't read up on any facts . 
  with what facts ? 
  disagreeing without facts is just dumb . 
  how clueless i am ? 
  about what ? 
  what exactly would cuba have become if it had stayed a banana republic of the us ? 
  what exactly would vietnam have become under it 's `` democratic '' south ? 
  do you know why the vietnam war began ? 
  it was because the `` democratic capitalistic '' government that was pretty much controlled by the west refused to hold a vote whether the country would become communist or not . 
  they denied democracy to support democracy ? 
  why is it that india is counted as one of the worlds worst countries to live in in the world , yet it 's capitalistic and democratic ? 
  in comparison china is economically stable , has good welfare systems and a developed economy . 
  if capitalism is so good why is n't india a better place than china ? 
  why is n't it a better place than vietnam ? 
  why is it that cuba is better to live in than colombia ? 
  or venezuela ? 
  socialdemocracy is very different from communism , communism is a state-dictatorship a one party system . 
  however socialdemocracy is a party , one that accompanies all other parties in the vote . 
  it does not destroy everything capitalistic , since off course not every aspect is bad . 
  it instead is a combination of socialistic and capitalistic systems . 
  why is it that socialdemocratic nations are the happiest nations in the world ? 
  the most educated ? 
  the most secure ? 
  there simply is not debate whether it 's a worse system than capitalism , it simply is better . 
  what ? 
  you are removing the context of what i typed , that is communism not socialdemocracy . 
  communism was good for vietnam , cuba and china . 
  otherwise they would simply have become puppets of western economies . 
  communism guaranteed that they could keep their people in a fair society , india as an example is a nation that is plagued by western economic power . 
  north korea and the soviet union are the black sheeps of communism . 
  north korea calling itself socialistic is a joke . 
  china has a better social welfare system than the us , is n't that kind of hilarious ? 
  what ? 
  do you even know anything about socialdemocracy ? 
  it is very different from communism , communism wants state controlled trade and planned economy while socialdemocracy focuses on free trade with state restrictions . 
  socialdemocracy is a system that promotes social welfare systems for everyone , equal education equal healthcare . 
  what about the people who have amazing company ideas but ca n't do anything with it because they lack economic safety ? 
  why do i always have to also repeat this , communism nor socialism is an idea of making a perfect society . 
  it 's made to create an equal society , if someone has to be poor , then everyone has to be poor . 
  the basis of the idea is unity , the strength of a truly unified people . 
  this is why communism was so good in wars , because capitalism does n't support unity . 
  vietnam , korea , china , are just a few examples of when communism smashed their foes with determination of unity . 
  a divided country will always lose to a united one . 
  oh god why do i have to explain this to every idiot that thinks communism is the same as social democracy . 
  communism is an ideology built on radical revolution and social democracy is built on social reform . 
  whenever someone insults communidm i also have to ask you , what about the millions that suffer from capitalism every day ? 
  what about the people who have died because western companies would n't give up oil fields in poor countries . 
  finland is one of the worlds most economically equal nations in the world because of socialdemocracy . 
  the worlds best education system , amazing healthcare and state supported service . 
  capitalism is based on greed , a system to divide society between rich and poor . 
  socialdemocracy is not perfect , but it is lengths better than the outdated communism and capitalism . 
  i can see you are a part of the rich class where you do n't have to worry how you are gon na get your next meal . 
  when you do n't have to worry about having 2 jobs to support your children . 
  clearly you went to private school looking down on those forced to attend public schools , why is anyone given a better education because his parents have more money ? 
  i guess the uk and us have more than i thought in common , the unproggressive greed that creates class divide . 
  the thought that as long as nothing happens to you you do n't give a shit . 
  the uk is not paying shit to finland , you do n't pay for someone elses development , you pay for europes development . 
  something that is very clear to anyone who support the eu is that we need unity , more than anything we ca n't divide europe more . 
  we must make europe more united , not divide it . 
  you are clearly not a supporter of socialdemocracy and social welfare , otherwise you would understand the concept of supporting your friends and fellow europeans . 
  you are lucky to be born with so much money in one of eu 's most developed nations , others are not so lucky . 
  do n't they deserve the same life you have ? 
  the same benefits ? 
  you do n't think long term , one day perhaps the uk will face problems . 
  when you have someones back , they will have yours . 
  immigration to the uk wo n't decrease after you leave the eu , in fact france stopped several refugees from going to the uk so that it would not overwhelm the british refugee system .
