  france will now encourage these refugees to britain . 
  again , you do n't pay shit for my life . 
  neither do you pay shit for the french or the germans . 
  you pay to support the poor , you pay to give them an equal chance . 
  such ugly greed not to pay your small chit to support those who are not as lucky as you . 
  if you really think that way , you are the worst kind of person . 
  a person who does n't give a shit about what happens unless it happens to you . 
  typical rich-person behaviour , typical pro-capitalism . 
  the eu is one of the worlds most economically stable regions , greece is really the only country in a long time that has properly needed lots of resources to work through . 
  germany was there for them , what makes you think they would n't be there for the uk ? 
  you are right , you sent hundreds of thousands of soldiers to mainland europe to die . 
  you are forgetting who you fought , you fought finland as well . 
  the country you abandoned and forced to side with germany , then blame it as a nazi supporting nation . 
  we were punished because of ww2 , we were punished for attempting to stay independent from the soviet union . 
  the uk was responsible for the 100,000 finns who died , yet we were blamed for everything together with germany . 
  germany has a larger economy than the uk , france has an almost equal one . 
  then we have italy that comes up . 
  eu was n't just an economic organization , it was a uniting factor in an otherwise split continent . 
  it was what would allow eu to remain as a prominent figure on a world scale , not a puppet of it 's neighbors . 
  we trusted you to stand for us in the future , we trusted you to believe in your fellow europeans , we trusted you to back us as we would have backed you . 
  it was a friendship , one that you broke to gain some trade relations in other places ? 
  you know the day before the referendum results i admired the uk for it 's willingness to fight for their brothers and sisters , i admired the uk for what you did for europe . 
  i praised your commitment to our cause of european unity . 
  you know why i was so shocked by the results ? 
  because never would i have imagined the uk selling out it 's friends . 
  that when your determination was to show , your commitment was all talk . 
  the idea that you cared was all talk . 
  if the uk economy had crashed in 2014 , i would personally have sent all my savings . 
  it 's not much , but i would have done it for my brothers and sisters . 
  for my fellow europeans , for a people i cared about . 
  apparantly you had no plans to do the same for us . 
  no one thinks of the eu as a state , it was a symbol of unity . 
  a symbol of peace and prosperity and equal future for all of europe . 
  finland is one of the most developed eu countries , do you think we desperately needed some money ? 
  no we gave our chit , we paid for our fellow europeans who are not as lucky to live a better life , to restore their economy . 
  that is loyalty . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  owing someone is not the same as loyalty . 
  again let me say this , loyalty is not aboit swearing fealty to someone , it 's about standing up for someone . 
  you are forgetting that if uk had experienced a massive economic collapse , you know who would have been first to help ? 
  europe . 
  if the uk was ever attacked , who would have been first to help ? 
  europe . 
  loyalty is that we expect the same treatment back . 
  we expect you to stand by our side and back us up . 
  that is loyalty . 
  uk owes nobody , neither does germany . 
  this had nothing to fo with debt , it has to do with standing up for your friends . 
  for those who would stand up for you . 
  apparantly our feelings were not mutual , you know it hurts to find out how little an entire country trusted you . 
  because we trusted you . 
  we expect no help from the uk , you abandoned us before you 'll do it again . 
  russia wo n't invade because finland is too much of a pain in the ass to conquer . 
  finland has the most artillery pieces in europe , national conscription and a difficult terrain . 
  invading finland for russia would be ridiculously stupid , they prefer to keep us neutral precisely for this purpose . 
  the nato - russia problems are the us 's problems , we do n't concern ourselves with that . 
  it 's none of our business , and we 'll resume our role as the embassy of east-west relations . 
  it 's important to analyze with situations like these if it is actually worth it for russia to invade finland when they would have an easier time invading turkey or any other nation with massive natural resources . 
  not only would russian casualties be colossal but the war would n't end once they marched into helsinki , guerilla forces would continue resistance for decades in the forests of finland . 
  everyone would condemn russia for it , the eu would if not join the war embargo russia completely , as would most of the west . 
  china would condemn russia as an aggressor against a neutral country , finland has good relations with china . 
  finland is also globally known as a land of peace , russia would never again restore itself on the global scale . 
  they would be comparable to isis in reputation . 
  would it be worth it ? 
  for forest and a rebellious population ? 
  for some coastline ? 
  again the uk abandoned us in the winter war when france wanted to send help but uk prevented them from doing it . 
  france cared , uk did not . 
  perhaps not , but france is the most determined country to punish the uk , with germany shortly after . 
  but i can say with certainty that finland will be part of the club that punishes britain . 
  if the eu falls we 'll take the uk down with us either way . 
  once scotland leaves there is no more uk . 
  call us children throwing a tantrum , or cornered foxes . 
  when you corner a fox , it 'll come out swinging . 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  but the eu is here now , more united than ever . 
  the uk was a setback to eu 's future , perhaps this will only result in the european union becoming more united . 
  perhaps there 'll be a european union country ? 
  perhaps europe will be a desolate radioactive wasteland ? 
  whatever the future holds , there are still european countries determined to keep the union alive , do n't underestimate a peoples determination to fight for it 's brothers and sisters . 
  even if the eu collapses , we 'll blame the uk for it . 
  the uk , no england will be remembered as a traitor , a nation unworthy of trust or loyalty . 
  a nation unworthy of our support , unworthy of our assistance . 
  trust me , we 'll remember it , every finn that i know recognize the uk as a traitor , selfish , an embarrassment to europe . 
  well depending on results , scotland , gibraltar , northern ireland might all secede from the uk . 
  not to mention the economic effects , and the fact that the eu will not for the next hundred years forget this . 
  the uk seeks to abandons it 's friends in europe , it 's not something that should be decided by a few % in votes . 
  those who voted to leave are forgetting that , no matter what you are forced to pay for the eu , we would have paid if you were in trouble . 
  but in all honesty , if the uk is so short sighted and selfish that it ca n't sacrifice even a little for it 's fellow eu nations then i see no point in even recognizing the uk as a worthy eu country . 
  to make things more clear , the uk betrayed the eu , we do n't want you back . 
  you can also expect a lot of new problems surrounding gibraltar and northern ireland . 
  not to mention scotland leaving the uk to join their brothers and sisters in the eu . 
  call me vindictive , whatever you want , there is nothing that i despise more than people who abandon all loyalty and friendship . 
  loyalty is a 2 way street . 
  edit : edited right after writing since i wanted to add a few things . 
  every other picture looks serious and glorious somehow , then we have norway . 
  how ... how is this even possible . 
  is it just me or does northern europe look a lot smaller than it is supposed to be ? 
  i have never heard of anyone who called the portugese empire small , brazil , angola , not to mention all their other colonial additions for trade . 
  russia no !,
