  i agree but the direction the city run london governments are heading i do n't blame scotland for wanting to untangle itself , and i 'm from england . 
  invest in green now ???????? 
  profit ( self sufficient scotland 4eva ), 
  i do n't know about sweden but from the uk i am confident it would be `` safer '' with the eu, 
  or more that sweden and england want to pretend national security is far more important than our rights, 
  in this thread : people auto-deride people who are n't jaded, 
  good on you, 
  this is the mindset that justifies the atrocities that go on all over the world in the name of profit . 
  all moral obligation vanquished in a second based on a technicality, 
  this is the mindset that justifies and reinforces the atrocities that occor all over the world in the name of profit . 
  the point for me is that microsoft was made by its consumers , and is obligated to provide a product which best serves them . 
  you can argue that microsoft has the right to behave terribly toward consumers it even has the right to make them like it . 
  but for me this is manipulation via marketing and is cyclical . 
  microsoft # 1 objective needs to be provide the best video game console service it can , not strategically manipulate licensing to ensure a position of profit and then see providing a quality product as an afterthought . 
  so if i create a device that does n't allow black people to use it , but white people like it and want to buy it , welp there 's a market there i see nothing wrong deregul8 deregul8 . 
  is that someone shooting at us ? 
  loveable scamps !, 
  i 'd fight for your right to put one in my head !, 
  i know friend . 
  i know better than to make such blanket statements . 
  i apologise . 
  because the addicted idiots do n't care how restrictive something is for others as long as babby gets their chocolate . 
  this is why voting with your wallet is n't always effective, 
  do n't waste your time . 
  americans are brainwashed into believing freedom includes the right to restrict access to freedoms of others, 
  that 's not english treating scotland unfairly . 
  that 's thatcher . 
  she did it to us too . 
  why ? 
  thank you scotland for standing up while we sleepwalk . 
  from england, 
  finally someone says it . 
  eu has its problems but its a scapegoat for everythin bad that ever happened, 
  thats their reason for it , but the message retains its value for all of us . 
  we 're all sat off on the titanic , and some of us are already underwater while some sit at the top looking down . 
  but let 's keep playin the song til the end, 
  in this thread : monsanto supporters arrive to dole out downvotes with flawed arguments . 
  because stopping world food supply contamination is not as important as being anal retentive on reddit . 
  so your logic when seeing such corrupt usage that you disagree with , is to cite arguments for why its still a good idea in theory , and attempt to contradict evidence mounted against the argument you do n't agree with . 
  interesting position to have . 
  maybe when corporate greed is over , gmo could be looked at . 
  for now , encouraging the theory encourages the practise , and the practise is not good . 
  crop selection is not the same thing at all . 
  we do n't need to gmo food to prodouce enough , we already produce enough . 
  the problem is there 's no profit motive to distribute it to the needy , so a lot of it gets thrown.away . 
  gmo is n't to feed more , its to earn more . 
  in india farmers are given seeds that produce seedless plants , so they have to buy more seeds off monsanto every round . 
  who is this helping to feed ? 
  not at a dna or synthetic level . 
  you 're arguing around the issue . 
  for what ? 
  for whose benefit ? 
  if the new varieties and the natural plants cross pollinate , no more normal plants !, 
  then later discover the gmo had a defect ? 
  whops oh well least some people made money, 
  might be able to ? 
  it 's happening under your nose . 
  important people stand to make good money from it , so why would you know ? 
  google monsanto and india, 
  monsato vs anything = sign dat shit . 
  normally i 'd agree with you but its a bit like going `` guys this petition does n't even have research about nukes . 
  are we sure n korea should n't have them ? '', 
  pro gmo are the nutcases . 
  do n't hand our food supply over to profiteers , their goal is not to feed us , but to charge us . 
  do n't be so naive !, 
  it 's not anti-german sentiment amongst the laymen that would push the uk out of europe , it would be that the eu is made a scapegoat of the recession , amidst deepening austerity . 
  people will vote out of the eu because of a lack of jobs and high immigration people will say things like `` see they tried to have that euro currency but now look at whats happened in greece . 
  we 're better staying away from all that nonsense '' or `` maybe now all those foreigners will have to go home and everyone can get a job '' it does n't matter if it does n't make sense, 
  haha ta mate, 
  i 'm from liverpool ( catholic ) and i 've always felt a strong affinity with the irish , and if i 'm honest i think they seem to not apply their hatred of the english to us as much ? 
  i 'm scouse , and i would say i think of ireland and wales in that way . 
  maybe the english too, 
  or we can realise that the economic system is fraudulent and not let it be a limiting factor on the potential of humanity to create things for itself check dis out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqwpomyldle&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player, 
  ultimately if we want to achieve your dreams of space exploration , what we need is a resource based economy . 
  if we take a broad view of the path we 're on , space exploration is too expensive to fund . 
  so is renewable energy . 
  these things which would be for the good of us all wo n't be achieved because it does n't put paper into a few important hands . 
  we 're hamstrung . 
  i agree the system we have could be a lot worse . 
  but its also been better , and is showing signs of only getting worse as ignorant or corrupt politicians from a protected clique of society bumble their way through modern economic and societal issues . 
  how long do we let the rot set in before we admit its there to ourselves ? 
  2 things . 
  1 how you fix things is identify the problem and discuss potential altenatives 2 people like to think the ones in charge know how to fly the ship . 
  suggestion that they do n't irritates them irrationally , even when it is for their benefit, 
  i agree partially . 
  a corrupt form of governance that overspends is a bad thing . 
  however , a government made to spend less will usually cut the public services needed by the vulnerable before it looks to reform its own pay structure or sources of income . 
  this leaves society vulnerable and potentially unstable . 
  also , unregulated capitalism becomes a game of power and dominance instead of scientific progression or resource conservation . 
  i agree but when you look at the long term economic path we 're on , you 're gon na end up with a lot more people in her situation and a lot less jobs . 
  so basically a lot of people are gon na be working for free . 
  not a solution to a cv gap . 
  oh my god . 
  if you did n't have the same username i 'd think we were being flooded by the stupids . 
  there will not be jobs for everyone . 
  there already are n't . 
  it 's not about laziness , it 's about 1 number ( jobs ) being a lot smaller than another number ( people ) so what 's happening now is companies ca n't afford to employ more people , so they get the people who have nothing to come in , for free . 
  yes , slave labour !, 
  i can guarantee 3 things 1 : jobs are not going to be available for everyone anymore . 
  everyone who wants a job will not have a job .
