can someone tell this to the uk chancellor as he 's been using their propaganda arm ( bbc ) to tell everyone how he was right to stick to austerity and that everything is fine now ( where , in the city ? ), 
  i have no idea what censorship of rap cds has to do with anything ? 
  what a random and almost entirely irrelevant reply, 
  i think there 's two fallacies here . 
  a ) communism has never existed , only dictatorships using it as a front to gain the support of the people , and b ) this is no excuse to turn a blind eye to the faults of capitalism or pretend they are n't there, 
  i 'm not even reading the majority of your posts at this point . 
  i did n't know i would be signing my life away when i entered the debate . 
  there 's two things i need to know to arrive at my opinion : # 1 its a new technology about getting patents into our food system and charging and controlling farmers and seeds # 2 the free market declares as long as you 're making money , you can fuck whatever shit up you want as badly as you want i do n't need to know anything else . 
  stop writing reels now . 
  call me a dreamer or whatever else . 
  i think my previous sentence highlighted exactly what 's wrong with free markets and if its not a problem for you then you 're in a comfort bubble, 
  ie if you are n't profitable , you starve and we throw the food away . 
  same result either way, 
  if you 're a biologist then youre aware of how genes can pass on and leave the contained field , meaning if we later discover a fault in this gene ie bees dyin , then too late this gene has spread all over . 
  there are ways to safeguard against this , in a heavily regulated industry that is more socially conscious than purely profit driven . 
  these dont exist . 
  if you have 2 tonnes of food and waste 1 , and others have 0 , you having 4 tonnes means you waste 3 , and others still have none . 
  it 's very simple . 
  you hear about all the indian farmers who have to buy seeds every harvest coz they 've been coded to be infertile . 
  that 's economic progress ( for the few ) , ie reason enough to push this kind of tech forward . 
  but its socially detrimental, 
  herbicide is bad too , but does n't cross contaminate within the breeding process on a genetic level . 
  so theres the danger causing the ban . 
  the revolution will come when people like you stop accepting that making things worse for money is the only movement we can make as a species . 
  if you watch the financial markets at all and think that 's all legit well , welcome to a bleak future of deception . 
  we can do better than this , just many of us do n't want to because they 've got their little bubble and anything else does n't matter . 
  if we grow lots of food and throw most of it away but poverty still exists , developing projects for greater yields does not answer this problem . 
  how could it ? 
  i do n't have the stamina to continue against someone who fails to grasp the basics . 
  other industries are n't being regulated properly !, 
  have you read the news lately ? 
  but other industries ca n't contaminate our entire food supply , so they 're not quite as risky . 
  but our entire world economy is in tatters and ca n't look after itself , to think we can manage gmo as well is laughably arrogant . 
  as for the redistribution fairytale , it 'd be easy to do , it just wo n't make money . 
  but the world is changing . 
  i would n't be opposed to gmo in a world that got its act together and pursued it for the right reasons and safely . 
  the problem of distribution is a socio-economic problem , not a scientific one . 
  yes every industry is for profit , but that does not justify anything . 
  the risk of gmo is real because we are experimenting with code at a binary level in an insecure environment , with risk of cross contamination . 
  this will not be effectively regulated . 
  as for the stuff in peoples food that they are n't concerned about , i think they should be . 
  i wholly take your point that bad inbreeding is also bad , but we were a lot less conscious of such things throughout our history . 
  it 's still not the same as ground up tinkering , and even then i would n't wholly oppose it if we had reliable regulation . 
  but the dangers of cross contamination are real and as the motive is profit , that regulation ca n't be guaranteed, 
  okay let me do another analogy , you enter a cheat code . 
  now mario is larger and different colours !, 
  but the game still understands how to handle him . 
  this is selective breeding . 
  go into marios source file and add some 000111 that you think you know what it will do but are n't sure , the game hangs , that 's it . 
  ask any programmer , you can never predict the outcome fully . 
  that 's why they code in sandboxed and do lots of testing . 
  do we have other earths ? 
  do we have strong regulation to ensure sandboxing ? 
  no we do not , so why risk it , and for what ? 
  your use of the word nature is.to create a distortion . 
  man can manipulate nature but he is not yet ready to rewrite it from ground up, 
  we currently waste half our food . 
  to look to dangerous methods of increasing production rather than tackling the problem of distribution is high risk and just plain irresponsible . 
  but not if you stand to make money !, 
  second , the problem of pesticide is yes it damages the land . 
  so your solution is to put it directly into the food itself , where it is consumed by insects and bees , and eventually us . 
  yes , solving the problem of putting poison on things by putting poison in things , genius . 
  there is no regulation strong enough for this science because it is profit driven not human driven , so if it is dangerous but profitable , it will happen regardless . 
  all your solutions are bolt on fixes for an unsustainable economic model , they solve no problems and only allow existing ones to be taped up, 
  i meant at an accelerated rate . 
  what immediate problem does it solve that you need faster than nature ? 
  you reinforce my point , its worked this long do n't start blindly fucking with it, 
  and higher yields are needed so we can create even more food waste !, 
  i get it now, 
  and sweden controls the worlds food supply !!, 
  now i see your logic , brilliant . 
  and you need these beneficial mutations because ... ? 
  what benefits , and can you please cite examples of where we have proven to be capable of regulating effectively as a species ? 
  banking ? 
  nop . 
  government ? 
  nop . 
  this is profit driven, 
  name huge benefits please, 
  explain why its short sighted to be cautious please, 
  explain the good please, 
  name what benefits of the future there are please, 
  you 're trying to create the distortion that natural no longer exists and so everything we do now does n't matter because it has n't been natural for a while . 
  in reality , on the scale of things , we can put one species in with another , but nature makes the call on what genes transfer , and nature makes the call on compatibility etc. 
  it 's like the difference between controlling mario using a controller , or by rewriting him in c++ . 
  neither one is `` automated demo mode '' . 
  but one has options that fit his environment , jump , run , stomp etc. 
  the other could do literally anything , turn him into a pixel monster , break game physics cause glitches , crash etc, 
  we do not know what we are doing . 
  we are assuming, 
  yeah but nature drives it , we 're still learning about it and do n't know enough about unforseen repercussions to the local bio cultures, 
  there 's a world of difference between selective breeding and genetic code rewriting . 
  this is a straw man argument that goes unchecked every time this topic comes up, 
  what are the benefits that a proper reorganisation of distribution systems would n't do ? 
  link does n't work for me . 
  then again i 'm behind the great firewall of the uk, 
  yeah you have to cook it for it to work . 
  be your method an oven or a lighter, 
  ... what, 
  some conspiracies are true !,
