  welcome to the future 2 : public services are being cut , and so community service is the best solution 3 : you 're dumb, 
  there are very few jobs left this is what fucking happens to the bottom rung, 
  libertarianism is not a real ideology . 
  it has some good ideas but its founding principle is to roll back civilisation, 
  i think this is a better idea than the current government has , and it only took you no time at all to come up with it . 
  fair enough but as stated it 's still a bad idea economically , as well as for the person themselves it 's discrimination because they 're doing the same job for less money . 
  if it was community service ( which we could do with as all public services are being cut ) then i would understand , but it 's just another capitalist quick fix with limited thinking involved, 
  when i started the thread i was in a much different mood to how i am now . 
  immature on my part , but i am a passionate one . 
  have a good night also !, 
  i do n't think it 's a bad attitude to have . 
  for one , enough discussion has not yet been had for a consensus to be reached . 
  how do we reach that consensus ? 
  the first step to any solution is to identify the problem ( ie damning a system ) . 
  by your logic , the solution will be reached by shutting up and abiding the status quo plenty of ideas exist . 
  the goal is to reach consensus . 
  the means is discussion . 
  the attitude is good . 
  the title of this thread was slightly sensationalist yeah , but it has sparked discussion . 
  give a man a status quo , and he will exist . 
  give a man an idea , and he may contribute or refine it . 
  nowhere did i refuse to acknowledge the positives of the system , nor do i need any kind of get of out anything free card for generating debate . 
  the economy requires financial growth to function . 
  you are correct that an economy in recession still exists , but the point is that it is receding , and will not continue to exist if it continues to recede . 
  so you need growth . 
  how do you get it ? 
  consumer disposable income . 
  creates demand , which creates jobs , which creates more consumer spending , so more jobs , omg awesome sauce but what if you lose it in recession ? 
  consumer spending falls . 
  demand falls . 
  jobs are made redundant , which further decreases consumer spending , so more jobs are lost ... not awesome sauce . 
  this cycle can work in either direction and it can change from recession to growth via the discovery of new markets , which create new jobs , which creates more consumer spending , which etc but as was already pointed out by samarkandz , it can only work in the up direction for a limited time ( probably for some time yet if properly regulated ) , because the environment will run out of resources to create goods , or the consumer markets will become oversaturated given that we only have a limited amount of time to enjoy the things we pay for , and a limited amount of space to store them , and that there are only so many consumers , and only so much room for consumers to exist in . 
  so we establish two things . 
  .1 capitalism requires growth of the economy to provide a stable living environment . 
  .2 on planet earth , the economy can not grow forever, 
  sorry to butt in on your conversation i just felt the need to dispute a few points : `` if he does n't want to engage in the work he does n't have to . '', 
  he does . 
  the work is a requirement of the benefits , and housing . 
  homelessness is the alternative . 
  when you set the bar so low , it 's no good saying refuse and get something else , when at that point everything else is either equally low or lower ( or starve ), 
  so then it 's not benefits , it 's a job . 
  the problem here is the paying somebody less to do the same job and justifying it based on their circumstances, 
  i can see where the offense is caused , and i do n't intend the disrespect . 
  to exist only to work , is to be owned in and of itself , unless such an existence is your own choice . 
  i think we have the exact same definition but yours carries with it the implication of horrible treatment on top . 
  a lot of the horrible things that have or could be done to slaves make it a sensitive topic , i understand that . 
  and to brand an existence like ours with the same word is offensive in that context . 
  but if you do not work , you perish . 
  thus , you are forced to work . 
  if your work provides you with only just enough to keep you alive so that you can continue to work , you are a slave . 
  it 's infinitely nicer than it could be , but it still is . 
  the worst part is that the production of all the slaves is not enough to sustain everybody under the current system , so there is even becoming a hard cap on your right to slavery, 
  well this thread is generating discussion . 
  that 's what we are doing for now . 
  i do not believe many of the essay long posts in this thread fit the discription of ` mindless ' . 
  i have asked myself that very question of what can be done , ultimately i think the goal is for as many people from different perspectives to discuss matters such as this until enough of us reach a consensus large enough to change the direction of the political process you may say i 'm a dreamer , but i 'm not the only one . 
  you make a good point about capitalists not necessarily being self-centred , and also about family and friends coming before the state itself . 
  however , when everybody pulls in the same direction in agreement , we reach a point where everybody 's physical and emotional needs can be met . 
  including yours , your family and friends , and their family and friends and so on . 
  the barrier to this for now is money . 
  money is what makes you want to earn more of it so that your family and friends are in a better position than somebody else with less money . 
  it is your motivation to succeed . 
  society is not ready to move to pure socialism or to remove the dividing obstacle of money . 
  there would be chaos . 
  for now , we need socialist capitalism . 
  ie , the regulating of the market so that it can reward money to as many people as possible according to their effort and ability . 
  when you do n't regulate the market with that goal in mind ( as has stopped happening ) , you then leave it to the more powerful ( more money ) being able to suppress the less powerful ( less money ) without allowing ability or effort to play a part as for charity , for as long as you need money to preserve your own world , there will be a limit to how much you can provide for other people 's worlds . 
  usually ( as we see ) , not enough . 
  the interpretation of slavery i use is a broad term to define existing only to work . 
  in this instance it does n't hit the depths of what other tortures can be laid upon an ` owned person ' . 
  thing is i can see your angle but you misunderstand what socialism is . 
  it can be anything that the many decide on . 
  it could be just how it is now but with proper organisations to be able to regulate markets so that if you did start a company , the market would do its best to accomodate you rather than squeeze you out . 
  it could have a well thought out political mechanism that splits power in a way that means the state ca n't forget its purpose , who knows its never been tried . 
  but this is too early for that , we 'd fuck it up we have to prepare and educate everybody first . 
  for now i agree with turnusb that more heavily regulated capitalism is whats needed . 
  the top tier are taking us all for a ride, 
  i hear what you are saying but disagree . 
  my experience of most human beings is that they are at their happiest and best when a part of a collective aiming for the same goal, 
  it 's really not a bullshit ideology , its never been truly implemented yet but the internet has never existed yet , now the proles can organise and assess together , and decide a real path that is n't the brainchild of a small group with limited experience , called ` government ' . 
  altho i do n't think we are ready for pure socialism yet . 
  for now actual regulated social capitalism would be the way forward . 
  it is what took the usa and europe this far , but the regulators became bought and the market became rigged, 
  upvote , i agree this is a benefit , but there are too many negatives , she could learn that doing community service, 
  terrifying, 
  your use of the word voluntary could be applied to breathing or eating . 
  but yes we have made some progress over the years, 
  ah the bourgeoisie . 
  hello !, 
  i 've been on new deal and i was sent on a course to learn how to apply for a job ( good ) , but not assigned someone else 's job for free ( bad both for me and the economy ), 
  appreciate your point , and yes i have an agenda , it being the future of europe . 
  my attitude stems from passion . 
  i do n't have more background to give i only met her yesterday , but its a step backwards for britain and its people and another sign that government not only does n't understand our economic problems , it also does n't understand the reasons underneath those problems, 
  language , my friend . 
  the part about there not being any jobs out there and when there is one , get someone on benefits you wo n't have to pay them sahweet deal or what capitalists ? 
  someone high five me ? 
  what do you mean consumer spending is what generates growth ? 
  `` we either change our labour culture collectively or slavery will creep back into europe soon . '', 
  you . 
  i like you,
