i must be the only one who likes both extreme heat and extreme cold , much to the dismay of pretty much everyone around me, 
  honestly it 's not so bad if you remember a few simple things * -40 c is -40 f * 10c is 50f * for each 5 degrees c extra , the equivalent is 9 degrees f so 15c is 59f , 20c is 68f , 25c is 77f , 30c is 86f, 
  that 's what gets people about dutch winters . 
  nothing like high humidity and icy northern winds !, 
   why on earth would you fly to debrecen ? 
  there are flights to budapest as well . 
  cheapest way from the netherlands to hungary . 
  wizzair does n't fly to budapest from here if i recall correctly . 
  just realized that , that makes flights cheap as hell for dutch people . 
  train from debrecen to budapest . 
  not bad . . 
  when ajax hooligans ganged up to kick the edl out of amsterdam it was not too bad . . 
  generally anything to the west of the ural river is considered european . 
  take a map of kazakhstan and draw a line between atyrau and uralsk . 
  the part to the left of that line is europe . 
  it gets funny when western european teams draw skakhtyor karagandy and their supporters have to travel to a place on nearly the same meridian as mumbai, 
   by a 16 year old moroccan source ? 
  could n't find anything about the perpetrator even in de telegraaf, 
  mark rutte . . not sure if gay or just 40 year old virgin, 
  hey we got poland 's back . 
  we can send two soldiers and a cat, 
  well sometimes you get the munchies after toking up . . what are you going to do ? 
  and even then the netherlands is not a lgbt utopia . 
  gay folk get assaulted here too , i imagine it 's just a lot worse in other countries . 
  that first picture is just gorgeous , damn . 
  that first pic is just awesome, 
  this is more proof that denmark = netherlands, 
  goddammit , you took over our no 1 spot, 
  belgium , france and germany too . 
  pretty much everywhere i think . 
  sung at soccer matches in the netherlands for years . 
  sometimes even when they do n't play ajax . 
  boerenkool on a snowy winter day is nothing short of heaven, 
  it 's something most dutch people do n't do , and find slightly peculiar . 
  and any time we see an opportunity to make a little fun of the germans , we 'll take it . 
  all in good spirits . 
  germans have a reputation for digging holes in dutch beaches . 
  uh oh you said the s-word, 
  that is a hell of a speech . 
  298 people , of which 174 were dutch , were murdered by an act of terror executed by pro-russian seperatists in eastern ukraine . 
  this is horrible . 
  someone has some fucking explaining to do . 
  i 'm still looking for a decent cevapi place in the netherlands :(, 
  1988 , come on . . 
  dutch ultras make it a point to keep politics out of the stands . 
  nice username, 
  they played rc lens, 
  not only that but you ca n't just stick a banner right in the middle of the ultras section if you 're not ` someone ' on the stands . 
  interesting tag . 
  done manually or by some sort of script ? 
  not very common in the netherlands . 
  most fans will support a domestic team only although some may have a soft spot for a foreign team . 
  his comment history tells me he 's having fun on / r/whiterights , / r/nationalsocialism , / r/kiketown and other wholesome subreddits, 
  well , they are right . 
  stay the course . 
  well , the previous common study place , then . 
  it 's been almost a decade and a half , 
  that 's where i was when 9/11 happened . 
  i see they 've done a paint job since then . . 
  it 's weird how it just suddenly explodes like that . 
  i was in skopje a couple of months ago and it was peaceful as fuck, 
  ajax . 
  cruijff . 
  always works . 
  who voted these fascists in ? 
  well at least i got the gist of it . 
  thanks . 
  this looks like something i should understand . . let me try and translate * i studied danish for eight years and i ca n't understand anything . 
  writing or reading is okay but i simply ca n't understand anything . 
  how can you notice [ ... ] ? 
  [ ... . . ] to me . 
  * meh . . not as easy as i expected . 
   you are 49.3 % european , and you scored closest to belgium , with a similarity of 65.6 % !, 
  fuck this shit, 
  good lord . . 
  haha , he said attractive . 
  as a dutchman , this is bullshit . 
  of course i do . 
  i was simply making the point that it used to be even worse and some progress has been made . 
  for a neutral it would n't be particularly dangerous to visit now . 
  do n't get me wrong they 're still cunts though . 
  you 're not entirely wrong but it was definitely worse in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  for the past decade ado has been trying to become more family friendly and they have been partially successful . 
  primark, 
   everybody seems to hate/dislike russia in this subreddit . 
  i like russians and russian culture . 
  as long as there are no politics involved me and russia are cool . 
  o shit you mentioned norton commander . 
  what a piece of glorious software that was . 
  ignore the putin-versteher , they are not worth your time, 
  yeah and cevapi . 
  motherfucking herman van veen , one of my all time heroes, 
  been to 26 . 
  next up : czech republic , hopefully some time next year . 
  well done germany . 
  groningers do n't talk a lot . 
  they also do n't like arrogant and boastful people . 
  keep these two things in mind and you 'll be alright . 
  if you 're a bit of a language nut , consider learning the local dialect . 
  it 's underrated and beautiful .
