  maybe cameron needs to be shut down . 
  lol if you say so / r/coontown poster, 
  under the condition that i can work remotely and still receive my dutch salary , i 'd probably pick macedonia . 
  i could live like a king in skopje , it 's a pretty alright city and if i want to go on holiday , the albanian riviera is reasonably nearby . 
   not trying to be controversial but you post in / r/whiterights and write lovely things such as `` we need to start spreading the message of deportation '', 
  that tv commercial though, 
  oh no , what will we do ? 
  * runs around in circles *, 
  we can give limburg to belgium and solve the problem that way ? 
  we 're not offended , we 're just looking for a fight :d, 
  man i would 've lost my patience so quickly . 
  `` oh you all do n't want me here ? 
  fuck you . 
  i 'll go back '' , but i suspect that 'd land me in a whole lot of trouble . 
  i was in tirana . 
  first question `` are you american ? '' . 
  eh , no i 'm dutch . 
  visible disappointment . 
  wait , she 's not dead yet ? 
  fuck , we 'll have to try harder . 
  was hoping for hate . . 
  almelooooo, 
  all cash in the store was taken by the robbers . 
  a total of $ 21,15 was stolen during the great primark heist of 2015 . 
  how is balkan politically incorrect though ? 
  it 's a peninsula and a mountain range . . 
  ah yes , we will bring peace and democracy to the suffering peoples of vlaanderen, 
  no need . 
  history has a nice way of determining who the idiots are . 
  whoa, 
  speak for yourself, 
  who gives a fuck what zhirinovsky thinks though . 
  people do n't know , man . 
  i visited macedonia in may and loved it . 
  even the anti-government protests in skopje were orderly as fuck . 
  did n't feel unsafe a single second . 
  just remember that 10c = 50f and that for every 5c extra you will need to add 9f to the temperature . 
  so 15c = 59f , 20c = 68f and so on . 
  yeah too bad . 
  i got super excited when they said 41 was a real possibility . . 
  index funds . 
  what , no love for sarajevo ? 
  love that place . 
  haha yeah there was n't too much to do there when i visited . 
  checked out the local football team though but even that ended up 0-0, 
  seriously though , what is so bad about larnaka ? 
  i visited larnaka . . 
  i 'm pretty indifferent , but i do n't think catalonia will be granted independence , regardless of the outcome . 
  one other thing i 've noticed with polish ppl is that they get this/these wrong often . 
  you 'll hear something like `` this shoes '' for example . 
  getting a german to pronounce ` squirrel ' is also hilarious, 
  judging by his posting history canada . 
  he should not even be here in / r/europe much less to push his whiny agenda, 
  can someone from albania or kosovo post in this thread ? 
  i heard some shit on the radio during my holiday but obviously i ca n't recall what the lyrics were . 
  it sounded rather traditional, 
  that 's what happens when most of your exposure to feminism is online . 
  tl ; dr we lost, 
  you need to visit more european countries , then, 
  what language ? 
  i 'm in sofia right now and i used to think that the taxi scam stories were overexagerrated . 
  hell no . . shady fuckers everywhere !, 
  that 's also not the point of all the criticism . 
  just because the intent is benign does n't mean the charicature can still be offensive to people . 
  thats before tax ? 
  if i were in the uk , i would strongly consider getting out, 
  very tiny over here in nl , but they 've been around for a bit . 
  i think douwe is a pretty cool name tbh , i imagine some big farmer guy when i hear the name, 
  your language does confusing things to letters . 
  niamh is pronounced ` neev ' ? 
  what the hell ? 
  dutch ( native ) , english ( fluent ) , german ( conversational ) , french ( mediocre ), 
  no , we will be the ones invading belgium . 
  are you afraid of [ greater netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_netherlands ) already ? 
  cool , thanks, 
  good question . 
  i was planning on visiting skopje in 3 weeks , is it reasonably safe to visit for tourists ? 
  i should point out that the plane did not crash on the factory itself but on the premises . 
  this was not clear the moment the story broke . 
  let me tell you about [ leiden ] ( / r/leiden ) . 
  people lived here in roman times , the outposts lugdunum batavorum and matilo are not very far from where i live . 
  in the middle ages we sort of became relevant . 
  leiden was sacked in 1047 by emperor henry iii and received city rights in 1266 . 
  it gets a bit more interesting in the 16th century when we had the eighty years war with spain which led to the siege of leiden . 
  we got liberated on october 3rd and still celebrate that to this day . 
  it also happens that leiden is where the pilgrims lived before they set foot on the mayflower and fucked off to america . 
  the constitution of the netherlands was written in 1848 by thorbecke less than a mile from my house . 
  it 's a 10 minute walk to where the most famous dutch painter , rembrandt , was born . 
  oh and some dj guy called armin van buuren is also from here . 
  everyone in the netherlands does, 
  johan cruijff, 
  plainclothes cops, 
  turkey riots in 2013 too ( gezi park ) . 
  on a smaller scale , but still spread out to multiple citires over multiple days , riots in bosnia ( tuzla , sarajevo , zenica ) in 2014 . 
  then of course there 's northern ireland every now and then . 
  french riots in 2005 and 2007 definitely too . 
  greek riots too but they were because of austerity not police brutality . 
  i 've never been out of europe so i have a hard time putting ` upper middle class ' in the right context here . 
  obviously being poor in the netherlands is a very different kind of poor than being poor in sudan . 
  could you tell me a bit more about what being upper middle class means in sudan ?
