i am accused of being a traitor . 
  by the very people whose ancestors the empire actually spat on . 
  stockholm syndrome is amazing . 
   his views of the indigenous peoples across africa and the indian subcontinent , and the treatment they should be afforded , were appalling < many people deny and agree with his views on them , is the main issue . 
  i 'm not comparing churchill to hitler , but as a leader hitler was still revered by the nazi and people who voted him in . 
  but look at his opinions . 
  even hitler was a `` hero '' to some . 
  perspective is a funny old thang . 
  the amazing thing is how the majority of brits in queen vic day were working / lower class with a smaller number being middle - more educated workers to the upper class elite which ruled the world through invading , pillaging and forcing their doctrine upon people and then making those countries party of the empire to send goods back to uk . 
  hmm reminds me of something , cant think of what . 
  but the most amazing part is how now the same working / lower class has gotten money ( due to the liberal side campaigning for their rights - think whigs ) and moved up in the world and completely forgotten how they were new era slaves to the empire , and how their ancestors had almost zero health and hygiene ( which the elites afforded ) and lived in slums . 
  the establishment which actually put their foot on them - the right , is now their go to and they despise the liberal ideas which freed them and humanised them in an imperialistic nation . 
  dunno man real brits arent proud of the barbarianism brought by successive invasions from romans germanics vikings etc etc but sadly people are too dumb to learn 1 minute of history . 
  but sadly people who lose their way struggle for an identity and some people are so desperate to seem `` english '' they grip on to false ideals which they were taught `` this makes you english mayte '' . 
  nah , singing god save the queen and getting drunk going to pubs doesnt make any man `` english '' . 
  youre not supposed to stay in that water that long !, 
  * sigh * how did i know this was going to be a popular topic in / r/europe . 
  rename to / r/addictedtoislam please . 
  oh wait i shouldnt demand for things in europe . 
  they built hospitals . 
  uk closes them down or rebuilds older ones to make them `` cutting edge in le world '' . 
  but ye its interesting how other countries always do it better then us . 
  whereas in the uk its the complete opposite . 
  we have barely any beds free and people are constantly in an out of hospital as a metric ton are admitted or admit themselves . 
  and in terms of long term care most families opt for care homes or social welfare - which is being gutted . 
  so beds are being `` blocked '' by those too frail whose families cant be ***** to look after them and because theres no beds for them in social housing / care homes ( places out of hospital were someone or nurse can look after them ) . 
  but its okay nhs is one of the worlds best , were fine , were okay , its okay to be last at a lot of things in europe , were used to it . 
  thats why we chose to leave so now heh , we wont be near last in this or eurovision . 
  the feels . 
  theres no point , most people on europe reddit lose their critical thinking ability ( if they had one ) when the words `` muslims '' , `` migrants '' and `` crime '' are all used in the same sentence . 
  they become yes men . 
  the problem is also the confirmed cases of people from other countries en masse using fake syrian documentation and being used as part of your `` data '' . 
  its quite misleading but i guess those who already have those misconception will laud this . 
  pretty much . 
  you 'll get downvoted for saying that . 
  never tell people their narrative of `` only mooselims rape look at the news :d '' is inaccurate . 
  letting children know their narrow ideas are not only wrong or dangerous leads to tantrums . 
  these modern days saying `` i pray '' or `` praying '' equates to having someone in their thoughts . 
  dont worry . 
  most of this sub sub , while spewing their vile , also wanted him to be the culprit . 
  the main thing for me is not who did this . 
  where hes from , like some others , but just catch this fucking guy before he does anythnig else . 
  most of these things end in the guy dead or arrested . 
  he ran , he will be planning to do it again . 
  who is making excuses ? 
  when a white male is murdering someone its `` mentally ill '' or gunning down us school kids . 
  when its a brown skinned asian its automatically islamic terrorism . 
  interesting . 
  `` but for those not directly affiliated respecting and honoring those deaths must begin with thinking about the reasons and assigning blame ... '' yes playing the blame game always works . 
  so i can blame usa and europe for heavy bombing of syria and muslim nations and killing on more innocents that will ever die in europe for his reasoning ? 
  people dont think that deep . 
  they just want an easy out . 
  is easy to look at why your pan has a crack in it when you dont recall how often you beat it on the stove . 
  you not understanding the sentiment is pretty much this world is fucked . 
  people cant/refuse / to understand the truth and instead want their own thoughts to be correct . 
  its what happens when facts get buried under a pile of propaganda . 
  you can still respect the `` fallen '' btw without causing more hatred . 
  kinda sickening that this disgusting thing happened and people have an air of `` told you so '' smugness in relation to islam and muslim migration . 
  just stop it . 
  feeding the unending cycle of doom and hate from your armchair doesnt help anyone . 
  first respect the fallen , hide the ugly personality . 
  there is a loss of human life . 
  when people bomb syria you think people are thinking the same about you and your countries ? 
  `` told you so the west are devils '' . 
  downvote all you want  . 
  but on topic i pray for people all over the world hurting . 
  this was a disgusting act . 
  the loss of 1 life no matter who is enough to hurt humanity . 
  dunno wtf this guy was doing , if on drugs or whatever mental state he was in . 
  feel sorry for him that he thought to take a human life was a mission he had to accomplish cus that is really depressing . 
  the loss of humanity is a terrible thing . 
  you want a true eli5 ? 
  because in the countries they 're banned from they can get the death penalty for their words . 
  in the uk they get 5 star hotel etcetc . 
  where would you be ? 
  i see poland love their pigs :d, 
  an asylum seeker and a refuge are two different things . 
  look it up . 
  the op posts a picture about % involving refugees from iraq and syria and you link a story in germany about an afgan asylum seeker . 
  big difference between seeking asylum and claiming refuge as a refugee . 
  you need to really focus on what you read and think about things before coming to convoluted conclusion . 
  it helps to force your mind to think neutrally before you read a story . 
  i mean shall i not come to portugal with a young child in the fear it will get kidnapped because of what happened to madeline mccann ? 
  using your logic ofc . 
  yes pretty much click-bait . 
  9 times muslim girls going swimming with class normally the 1 time they dont its a crime . 
  they got ta sell their trash journalism somehow . 
  she ca n't be against modern slavery ... then thats india and china off the books for an economic deal huh ... 
  well it ai n't as bad as the time someone left a usb and papers detailing personal information on the train or when the mod `` magically '' lost a metric **** ton of `` secret '' data . 
  let the ill-informed have their happiness ;(, 
  respect to austrians for not following the brexit-trump express train . 
  looks like europeans still have their heads switched on . 
  dont worry theres still time, 
  well ... this was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  if the majority of people that found the phone hacking scandal disgusting were guardian reading ( insert other centre / left mix of newspaper or non tabloid ) , it 's not going to stop those who were already reading other forms . 
  tabloid newspapers all-in-all have done some shady shit . 
  there will always be the loyal fanbase who read that trash as gospel . 
  there will be others who will not be influenced by it . . but will read it because it reaffirms their views on a topic thus making it neigh impossible for them to even begin to agree or acknowledge the contra-arguments . 
  note that these were once newspapers against far-right regimens now getting happy when far-right wins anywhere . 
  strange times .
