slovakia , romania and spain ... well hello there !, 
  should be `` ex-europeans '' . 
  i know that echr article 3 says we ca n't expel anybody from our individual countries , but ca n't we find a way to expel them from the whole continent ? 
  relating to public opinion and also a very readable article covering the whole period : http://historyisfun.org/pdf/curriculum-materials/roadtoindependence.pdf relating to the mythology that grew up at and around the 50th jubilee in 1826 ( sorry i do n't think the text is online ) : http://www.amazon.com/founding-myths-stories-that-patriotic/dp/1595580735, 
  not only that . 
  the uk ( and especially england ) would have to live with the ignominy of having gone back on its word , which is actually a pretty big deal for us . 
  the biggest problem is that all this is supposed to be done and dusted well in advance of the general election in may 2015 . 
  the snp had two years to plan for independence and could n't even come up with a plausible economic plan . 
  i do n't feel comfortable with the idea that a major constitutional change is going to be cobbled together in a rush over the next few months . 
  close to 66 % were against independence . 
  it was probably even more after the uk parliament voted to give them everything they wanted . 
  but by then the rebels were in too deep , and did n't want to `` all hang separately '' . 
  it was really controversial at the time . 
  all the romantic myths did n't appear until 50-70 years afterwards . 
   great power are you flirting with us ? 
  this whole fiasco is really making me appreciate wales more and more . 
  they 've had a pretty hard time as well over the past 40 years , but you never hear them whinge about it . 
  let 's finish what we started in 1688 !, 
  it 's not a historical movie . 
  they used some historical names and made up a completely different story . 
  it was very bad timing to set off a rebellion while the country ( uk ) was losing 100,000 s of men in a total war . 
  there was barely any support from the irish people for that one , and nothing but condemnation by their own communities afterwards . 
  oh , is it single again ? 
  maybe we can hook up , you know , for old times sake . 
  `` british '' includes scotland , geographically and culturally . 
  legally , they will have to identify as uk-ish , otherwise scots might have a claim on some of the oil . 
   the magazine said it did not receive any immediate comment from the nsa or gchq in response to the claims . 
  it still amazes me that anybody even asks them . 
  as if you 'd catch their press officer on a bad day , and he 'd spill all the beans in a fit of exasperation . 
  firstly , have an upvote for spins/revolution . 
  the answer to your leading question is that nobody would ever admit it in so many words , but success has and will always be driven more by who you know than what you know . 
  we are social animals . 
  the current congress ( and the british parliament , for that matter ) are certainly no angels here . 
  my cause is to encourage people to question the simplified and mythologised version of history that we grow up with . 
  every country is guilty of this . 
  it 's just that american culture is more widespread , and americans are more strident in their patriotism , so you tend to see it more often . 
  but if i 'm honest , as an english person it does irk slightly that so many people are so inordinately proud of their ancestors for starting a war against my ancestors over basically nothing at all . 
  parliament voted to give the colonies everything they 'd asked for , and removed all taxes , and yet we still had a war . 
  a lot of people died , and neither country particularly benefited from it . 
  i ca n't figure it out . 
  were the rebels already too far in , and afraid of being arrested for treason ? 
  were they so determined to spread further west and kick out the natives , which england wanted to protect ? 
  were they goaded into continuing the fight by the french , who were still weakened after the seven years war , and delighted to be able to give the english a good kicking via someone else 's army ? 
  england was weakened as well , by the way . 
  that notorious extra tax was levied specifically to pay for the english navy to continue to protect the colonies . 
  because i 've read the declaration of independence , and i think it 's a beautiful , even exquisite expression of the human soul , written by a man widely regarded as one of the most intelligent of his time . 
  and yet , in the relationship between the colonies and england , the accusations do n't match the facts on the ground . 
  there was no tyranny , unless you were black , and the revolution did n't help them at all . 
  they did n't become `` whole '' people until a century later , and were still segregated for another century after that . 
  people were not brutalised and starving in the streets , like they were in paris or russia before their revolutions . 
  we know there was no great injustice , because there was no real change in the law afterwards . 
  the bill of rights looks very much like the massachusetts bor from around 1640 , which itself was based on english statutes and common law going back to the 13th century and before . 
  elections are the same , using the same first past the post system as england . 
  congress is bicameral , just like parliament . 
  they even kept the `` speech from the throne '' , in the form of a regular state of the union address . 
  i ca n't make sense of the official story , so i have to conclude ( for now ) that there was some private agenda at work , some vested interests at stake , which made the whole enterprise extremely desirable and profitable for someone . 
  that 's my spin . 
  http://www.boston-tea-party.org/smuggling/john-hancock.html  john hancock was a wealthy shipping magnate , who made the bulk of his money illegally by smuggling . 
  many colonials were smugglers , hancock just happened to have a flair for it . 
  because the ever-tightening british policies that came about after the french and indian war were aimed at his sort , he wholeheartedly took part in the call for revolution . 
   john hancock did not directly participate in the boston tea party . 
  but he stood to lose the most from the east india company imports of english tea to boston . 
  on the other hand samuel adams who led the mohawks aboard the british ships was so close to john hancock that bostonians even joked that `` sam adams writes the letters [ to newspapers ] and john hancock pays the postage '' . 
  http://www.history.com/news/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-the-boston-tea-party  '' ... the tea act directly threatened the vested commercial interests of boston 's wealthy merchants and smugglers , such as john hancock , who fomented the revolt . '', 
  i can probably find many more detailed links but i 'm at work right now !, 
  the boston tea party was also the work of an astroturf group . 
   somewhat surprisingly , putin has had the same number of phone calls with french president fran\u00e7ois hollande than with president obama and pm cameron combined . 
  it 's not that surprising . 
  we all know what it 's like when you 're waiting for a really cool delivery , and you 're constantly checking if it left the warehouse yet . 
  that might be a good way for her to keep balmoral , 
  you 're right . 
  now that i 've looked it up , the separate kingdoms are england ( incorporating wales ) , ireland and scotland . 
  but now that the island of ireland has been chopped in half , is northern ireland still a kingdom ? 
  i always thought that the kingdoms in united kingdom were england and scotland ( although the monarchy had already been united for a century ) . 
  wales is a principality , like monaco , and northern ireland is a province . 
  this is not to disparage or diminish anybody , it 's just a question of legal status at the time of union . 
  this is so typical of the overwhelmingly negative attitude coming from the no campaign . 
  there is this pervading belief that scotland ca n't achieve things on its own . 
  a yes vote will be an energising vote of self confidence which the new scottish government can harness as they build a new country . 
  i 'm sure that if the scottish people rally together , they can make it a third world country in 20 years or less . 
  that map makes no mention of tower hamlets . 
  has there been a coup there ? 
  whatever their personal feelings might be , the french government is not keen on a yes vote because a weakened uk will be a less effective counterbalance to the economic and political strength of germany in the eu . 
  assuming that the uk stays at all , which is also less likely if scotland secedes . 
  are the yes campaigners still using data from 2008/09 north sea oil revenues ? 
  that 's the one year when they were high enough to make scotland a net contributor to uk finances . 
  i could live with this one . 
  but will welsh people be happy with a darker green ? 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  turns out the bbc had a [ design competition ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-25222891 ) last year . 
  if those are the only options , we 're definitely keeping the blue !, 
  technically , yes . 
  but i 'd be surprised if we do n't keep it . 
  it 's an integral part of the design of the flag , just like the twelve stars on the eu flag . 
  otherwise even the name `` united kingdom '' would be up for grabs . 
  i agree , and i 've always been in favour of applying whatever sanctions are necessary . 
  unfortunately we may now have to completely cripple the russian economy in order to get through putin 's thick head that he ca n't just take whatever he wants . 
  any financial sanctions , which the uk are pushing , will hit the city of london very hard . 
  i do n't exactly know what happened behind the scenes in the last few months ( we might have to wait 30 years for that ) , but the uk has been trying to negotiate diplomatically with russia for years , ever since the polonium incident , until i think shortly before mh17 , when they completely flipped over into a more aggressive policy . 
  he 's probably thinking of richard harris .
