  ah if only it were that easy !, 
  if you ever feel tempted to welcome me back , you should check out my browsing history ... 
  you sound like my mother !, 
  i work for a large european bank . 
  all banks have contingency plans for lots of different scenarios , and right now many us companies are taking advantage of a more generous tax climate in ireland . 
  not to say that they wo n't flee the uk if it leaves the eu , but the existence of a backup plan does n't mean they believe it will happen . 
  i think we 'd be better off with a gluten-free flag . 
  larger photo of the [ eden project ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/eden_project_geodesic_domes_panorama.jpg ) . 
  [ durham castle and cathedral ] ( http://cooperphoto.co.uk/uploads/zuvyt1xspuyaeua0.jpg ) are beautiful at night . 
  great picture of the [ giant 's causeway here ] ( http://www.irishdaytours.ie/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/giants-causeway-image-2-causeway-1.jpg ) . 
  this is the only sanction that would threaten putin 's position . 
  unfortunately it would also decimate the russian economy , so if he was n't ` deposed ' quickly , it would plunge the country into a very damaging recession . 
  margaret thatcher negotiated the `` refund '' in 1984 . 
  maastricht was signed in 1992 . 
  honestly it 's hard to see any circumstances where france would agree to renegotiate the cap . 
  tony blair wanted the euro , and gordon brown hated it , so he created five vaguely defined `` economic tests '' . 
  the ambiguity was deliberate ... to always be able to argue that the tests had not yet been met , regardless of the actual economic situation . 
  it 's one of the few things brown did that i agreed with . 
  the british economy was in a different phase of the cycle from the rest of europe , and the loss of direct control over the economy would have been catastrophic . 
  exactly . 
  as long as the animal does n't suffer , it wo n't make a difference to most people ( except possibly mail readers ) . 
  you might as well complain about the colour of the butcher 's apron . 
  but banning pork completely is over the top . 
  i bet they still use peanuts , dairy and wheat , despite the number of people who have debilitating allergies to them . 
  i 'm not convinced that any healthy food should be banned at all . 
  but if they 're going to start , they should get their priorities right . 
  israel is not much of an ally these days . 
  even as a ( northern ) englishman i 'm sympathetic to their cause , but the rebels took a huge and stupid risk starting an armed insurrection while the country was fighting a total war . 
  the city in no way deserved this ferocious retaliation , but i doubt that many other countries would have acted much differently in those days , given the situation . 
  btw , the courts martial were presided over by major general blackader . 
  you mean something like this infamous george bush interview on irish tv ? 
  hard to conduct negotiations of any kind when one side is spying on everybody else . 
  i know that everybody spies , but the us does it on an industrial scale . 
  parliament decided that the queen 's consent should be required for these debates , and i 'm sure if they ever wanted to , the government could pass a law which removed that requirement . 
  there 's no argument that the videla regime was evil . 
  even though he was only minister of agriculture , he probably did become aware of what was going on , which might be why he resigned after only 2 years . 
  but there have been countless trials and human rights tribunals since videla/galtieri , and quite a few convictions , but he was n't accused of anything . 
  it 's true , he was even worse than the king he deposed , and his brutal treatment of ireland is one of our most shameful episodes . 
  the puritans have a lot to answer for . 
  you do n't vote for kings ... `` the lady of the lake , her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite , held aloft excalibur from the bosom of the water , signifying by divine providence that i , arthur , was to carry excalibur . 
  that is why i am your king . '', 
  the 1999 bill ( military actions against iraq ) was an attempt by left wing mps ( tam dalyell , tony benn , dennis skinner , george galloway , etc ) to move control of the military from the prime minister ( via royal prerogative ) to parliament . 
  it would be the equivalent of a constitutional amendment ( if we had a constitution ) . 
  since it affects nominal royal powers , the queen is required to give consent for parliament to debate it . 
  tony blair advised the queen not to consent , and she followed that advice . 
  there might be good reasons to object to the way that the government handled it , but the queen was n't `` meddling '' . 
  to be fair , there 's no evidence that he did anything wrong . 
  so you 'd like to have a zombie president ? 
  interesting !, 
  she carried out 425 official engagements last year , so that 87yo blood is doing better than most of us . 
  if you 're bored of her , just say so . 
  is this a quote , or were you born hundreds of years ago ? 
  the us presidency as a whole costs an estimated $ 1.4 billion per year , around 20 times the cost of the uk monarchy . 
  w tried it in britain in the 17th century . 
  it 's no fun . 
  but looking at the beautifully functioning democracy on the other side of the atlantic , what can go wrong ? 
  it 's an anachronism but seems to work reasonably well . 
  a president would be much more expensive and divisive . 
  and we 'd have to rename the country ... and i still do n't know who is this wonderful person that republicans have in mind to be the first president ? 
  jeremy hardy has the right idea ... england should declare independence from the uk , and leave scotland , wales and northern ireland to squabble among themselves . 
  * yes i know that wales is technically a principality . 
  i 'm surprised that `` olanda '' came top . 
  out of the four major food groups ( wine , drop/liquorice , bread , and chocolate sprinkles ) , only one is perishable . 
  i always thought it was given away to the homeless or the birds or something . 
  it 's actually destroyed ? 
  that 's a pity . 
  to be fair , the football team is still called holland , and the area of holland does n't cover the entire netherlands , so some confusion is inevitable !, 
  that 's because they barely let the teabag graze the surface of the water . 
  i do n't understand people who want to drink tea in homeopathic doses . 
  that 's easy !, 
  you put the teabags in the teapot , pour in boiling water , cover it to keep the heat in , then let it brew for about 10 minutes . 
  you put the milk in the cup and pour the tea on top . 
  in that order . 
  doddle !, 
  in the uk , the centre-right government slightly reduced the growth of government spending , so that after five years it would n't be spending more than it earns . 
  that 's not austerity . 
  then the opposition completely freaked out and made a lot of people think that this was going to cause a deep and devastating recession . 
  and guess what ... if you get enough people to believe the economy will collapse , then it will . 
  the uk problem is that the banks stopped lending money ... to just about everyone ... and despite having bailed them out already , the government could n't find a way to force them to open their wallets . 
  in french law , does this include the children of your mistress , or just your wife ? 
  i 'd love to see this diagram for `` four '' ... there 's such a huge variation for a simple number . 
  maybe heineken did n't publish the figures . 
  where are we going to launch the rockets from ? 
  if veils are ok then capirotes are ok . 
  kgb ? 
  `` one day you 're out of your office ; the next day , you 're out of office . '', 
  -- yes minister . 
  no , [ this one ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/total-movies/images/d/d9/moonraker-movie-04.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20151102151047 ) . 
  no ... picked the wrong show i guess !, 
  translation : * bought a german phrasebook for tourists * found germany on google maps * got drunk with a couple of tourists, 
  this show was my motivation for learning dutch ... 
  if people that stupid can speak it , how hard can it be ? 
  yeah it 's a strange thing . 
  dutch people will speak english to you , will switch to english if you try speaking in broken dutch ( i think it 's like nails on a blackboard to them ) , and will often tell you that they think english is a nicer ( sounding ) language , dutch is too hard to learn , why would you want to do it , etc. . . be warned : this is a trap !, 
  after a few years they will get disappointed that you did n't learn the language ( despite never giving any previous indications that you should or could ) . 
  source : me . 
  i love nl and love the dutch ... no complaints at all ... 
  i just did n't put in the hard work when i should have . 
  strongly recommend you go listen to mike duncan 's revolutions podcast , which starts out with the english civil war . 
  it 's very engaging and easy to listen to .
