  you will get a fair amount claiming it is all some sort of conspiracy, 
  you 're trading short term stability for long term risk . 
  eventually idiots like sadam are going to be overthrown and the longer you wait or prop them up , the more damage will happen when they are gone, 
  except they already do . 
  also know as a made in label, 
  thats what got them in power in the first place that is an undeniable fact , as long as he is not blamed yet has something for the two minutes of hate , he is going to say in power . 
  guess whats allowing him to remain in power ? 
  the fact that the lands are occupied . 
  revanchism is what put hitler in power ... its a chicken and egg thing . 
  at least they have immigration , that the issue . 
  japan is going to hit a rock real damned soon without it . 
  did they not create 500k refugees from the area surrounding nagorno-karabakh ? 
  yes or are you so absurdly nationalistic you think no ? 
  are those home continued to be unoccupied ? 
  yes or no ? 
  then why the fuck is the nkr still occupying them . 
  i am not talking about the nkr itself , i am talking about the area surrounding it , which did not participate in any sort of referendum , because it had no chance . 
  your support of mass ethnic cleansing is fucking disgusting , vomit inducing . 
  armenias should be able to get their lands back in baku too , i see no problem with that , but the fact that armenia goes `` hey man , we dont like you occupying an area that does not want to be part of you , so to do that , lets occupy an area that does not want to be a part of us '' ie the area surrounding the nkr . 
  you need yo get out of your nationalistic rut and see azeri civilians as people , rather than armenians as somehow better . 
  and their economy has not grown in years , and their estimated [ population pyramid come 2050 will look something like this . ] ( http://blog-imgs-43.fc2.com/m/u/r/murakof/japan2050pyramid.jpg ) . 
  it is extremely unlikely , it will be doing well , but its not like it will be societal collapse . 
  i was talking about the treaty of sevres rather than the kars treaty , but just for the record that is 763414 people . 
  not going to happen , realistically . 
  let back in all the azeri refugees as well from the nkr and you got yourself a third of the country being turkic . 
  with the treaty of sevres borders , it would add approximately 3.3-3 .4 million people to armenia , more or less , it is hard to estimate exactly given the population size , which is more than the estimated population for armenia proper and nagorno-karabakh , plus samtskhe-javakheti . 
  so yeah , not realistic in the slightest . 
  plus it is barely even a majority , and all previous general elections have lead to a less than 50 % vote for the akp, 
  erodgan strangely has a lot of charisma apparently , and he is one of those holds his entire party together types , so likely when he is gone his party will lose power . 
  either way his health has taken a beating , hopefully he will be gone soon . 
  however turkey might just might buy you from germany and start a neo-ottoman empire , so it is all good for you guys , 
  c'mon , it will be racist nazi communist atheist muslim fascist socialist redneck , dont you american ? 
  there is a difference between tapering off and dropping off a cliff ie japan . 
  you realize literally the same logic applies with turkey being forced to sign the treaty of sevres and that the area you suggested has a greater population than armenia , leaving it muslim majority right ? 
  so what , do you plan on genociding the local inhabitants and taking the land back then ? 
  you realize turkey has the second biggest army in nato right ? 
  also you realize that the republican forces were not committing genocide and ataturk can be quoted as saying it was fucked up ? 
  you know i think removing the hands of the king while leaving the statue up would be a perfect way not to destroy history but to acknowledge it at the same time, 
  basically , hitler was an idiot that made his general 's lives harder . 
  his dont give an inch order for the invasion of the soviet union prevented tactical retreat and cost a lot of german lives that could have been used elsewhere . 
  plus there was that part where he slept through [ d-day and as such prevented reinforcements from being sent . 
  ] ( http://www.worldwar2history.info/d-day/hitler.html ) basically , germany did fantasitic in spite of hitler . 
  great orator , but a complete idiot militarily , besides that whole being a genocidal dictator thing . 
  oh i totally agree , i think he is being misattributed with the victory , he likely set the war back a few months with his sheer stupidity , but at the same time , i think you are overestimating the important of lend lease . 
  while i think it would have set the western front back a year , the soviet union could have survived . 
  no matter what , once the soviet union was invaded , the germans lost , lend lease or not . 
  space aliens could have also invaded , but that does not make it likely either . 
  stalin more than likely hurt the soviet unions chances , not helped . 
  war probably would have lasted a few less months due to his sheer stupidity when it came to barbarossa . 
  he basically cancelled out how stupid hitler was . 
  much like hitler almost singlehandedly destroyed reduced the length of the war by a few years due to his sheer stupidity , stalin almost certainly lengthened it by an equal amount . 
  the soviets won the war in spite of stalin , not because of him . 
  real answer , he won the war , the others lost, 
  it can be referred to by either , it can be used interchangeably , although crimeans is probably the best term to avoid confusion with the other tatars , it makes it hard to distinguish from the inhabitants rather than other tatar groups . 
  they are socialist crazies that hate all turks , its not a perfect analogy , but boy does it describe how fucking off the rocker they are . 
  because they want their side of the events accepted 100 % , even if it is likely only going to tweak the reality a little , they dont like it . 
  except that is pretty much what turkey does in regards to the armenian genocide ... 
  the one exception is when you call us free , that is an objective fact , 
  i never said anything of the sort . 
  that was a soviet treaty ... also , this was a turkish republican treaty , which was not the genocidal one . 
  also , it should be noted that turkey got even more territory back from the soviets , the turks respected the russian imperial borders . 
  to be fair , outside of a couple of pretty limited areas , armenians were in the minority . 
  [ this is a 1870s map by an armenian studies department . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/armenians_in_the_ottoman_empire_\\ ( 1870s \\ ) _ and_armenians_in_early_21st_century . png ), 
  [ thats nothing , they run israel ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/481d48a9e7d2af18100751dbbdfd7c98/tumblr_mnj5i1roev1qzg8ggo1_500.jpg ), 
  from your post history you dont make the distinction one bit . 
  you are coming dangerously close to justifying in there , although there was systematic slaughter , just not on as wide of a scale . 
  they tossed people out of their homes with no care if they died or not and told them to go to turkey , much like what happened with the armenian genocide . 
  while maybe it did not quite reach the qualification of genocide , if you view it as a spectrum , the armenian genocide was probably on the lower end of the genocide spectrum for the simple fact that they did not attempt to eliminate all armenians in all areas , just ones in `` at risk regions '' ( which granted the majority were ) , and did not care if the fled to modern armenia . 
  while the ethnic cleansing/genocide in the balkans is very much 99 % of the way to genocide . 
  not justifying it or trying to downplay the horror , but labels dont do much use in this case imo, 
  it does not bother any country with an incentive really . 
  look at armenia with the nagorno-karabakh republic . 
  ridiculously similar situation but they will always bring it up if they have the opportunity to, 
  thats why the hagia sophia is a museum now , rather than a church . 
  also , it was mostly due to assimilation rather than persecution . 
  and i 'm not turkish either . 
  but the same fucking arguments can be made about so much of europe . 
  i mean , i guess in some sort of weird roundabout way i get you , but i really think your view stems from your clear hatred of muslims rather than any logic reason . 
  well , in this case in stemmed from conflict prevention , so that they would not start up another fight over those people later . 
  calling african-american-spanish people negros is racist dude , dont you get it ?!?!, 
  yep , spot on , [ here is a very famous image from the gezi protests . 
  ] ( http://cdn0.dailydot.com/uploaded/images/original/2013/6/1/tumblr_mnr8b4ntox1ste7qoo1_1280.png ) , government intimidates the media into silence . 
  used to live over there , so i 'm a bit more knowledgeable on the subject , especially since i had an armenian dispora history teacher , and get both sides of the argument , while hating turkey 's current stance on the topic, 
  yep , my bad, 
  of course , i 'm not disagreeing , but anti-semitism was common , there is nothing wrong with saying poland had some anti-semites . 
  because it is turkish speaking , and has been a turkish speaking for a long time . 
  here is the demographic figure from 1907 , when the ottoman census was done by a neutral american statistician . 
  muslims/turks : 431,759 greeks : 176,759 armenians : 72,401 others ( bulgarians , expats , jews ) : 183,743 . 
  this is for a total of 864,662 . 
  so , technically muslims were a minority but just barely so , however , they formed a plurality and thats if you dont count the fact that the expats are not legal residents , the fact that some of those expats were muslim , the fact that jews were not pro ottoman as opposed to pro greek . 
  even then , you have to lump all christians together . 
  that is literally the most favorable thing i could give you too as it excludes greater istanbul and the surrounding land , which typically you can not in any sort of vote for independence . 
  basically , you are extremely uneducated on the subject , and talking out your ass . 
  i could care less , 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  * looks through comment history , sees you are a raging anti-islamic ukip type ohhhhhhhhhhh god damned dude , there are some legitimately criticisms of islam , but please go fuck yourself . 
  yeah yall let the serbs remove the bosnians so you could pawn on that label onto them  in all seriousness though , all genocide is terrible, 
  yep , its like call him out on some actual bs , not some technicality that is barely even true anyway . 
  also i could ~ ~ n't ~ ~ care less,
