  so you are justifying genocide right now then ? 
  because that is exactly what it sounds like ... and then you could just as easily justify the greek genocide ... 
  seriously dude , what the fuck . 
  like literally , what the fuck . 
  how the hell to you justify this ? 
  oh so the turks cant slaughter greeks but the other way around is totally fine ? 
  also , you realize that some people are migrated too ? 
  like literally , i can not get this logic , you are either a , justifying both genocides , or having some serious double standards . . 
  basically , everybody fights over who invented everything in that area , kebab vs gyro vs shwarma vs example . 
  ok , but the variety in skin tone , brown vs black , asian vs greek is very present . 
  plus , all those are mostly poor rural people which has less diversity than the cities . 
  as long as nobody says that hitler quote about it , that is verifiable , but the hitler quote is hearsay at best . 
  whenever people bring it up i just think , you know you are arguing a good point but looking like an idiot using false information to prove it . 
  i would have to see the full resolution to respond , but there is a very strong historical argument that the republican forces are not responsible for the genocide and any sort of systematic effort only lasted as long as the treaty of sevres . 
  if the resolution says the armenian genocide from 1915-1920 that is make a big difference from 1915 to 1923 . 
  however , i dont know the exact language . 
  it would be like calling the holocaust events from 1941-1948 , no , it stopped by then , yes , the holocaust took place but it is dishonest to stretch definitions like that . 
  because within the context of the ottoman empire , which turkey is it 's successor state , it is perfectly valid . 
  if it is not perfectly valid , then turkey can justifiably claim that they are not responsible for the genocide due to the change in government . 
  and the vast majority fled to turkey or albania too , and considered themselves ottoman citizens , so again , it is totally fair . 
  what is less fair is when they claim the circassian genocide , but even then , there is a debate to be had as they all fled to modern day turkey . 
  the short answer i have found out by arguing that all were cases of genocide : the ottomans were evil colonial oppressors therefor genocide is ok ( til the rwandan genocide was ok as well / s ) , but the armenian genocide definite was pure evil and there is no nuance fuck you . 
  except the treaty of sevres was about as realistic and idealistic as the rest of wilsons 14 points , even more so since they disregarded the coasts wants to either go to turkey or greece and said fuck you , you get to go to armenia, 
  finland was a co-belligerent that knew nothing about the nazi plans just took advantage of them . 
  yep , good paper on the subject http://ieg-ego.eu/en/threads/europe-on-the-road/forced-ethnic-migration/berna-pekesen-expulsion-and-emigration-of-the-muslims-from-the-balkans, 
  but in the context of the ottoman empire , it did not matter . 
  its like saying greek = italian so the eastern roman empire was not a continuation of the romans . 
  it is just dishonest . 
  i totally agree , but there is a strong narrative of liberation of an oppressed majority , rather than destruction of a local cultural majority and re-colonization by the minority ( because granted the area was originally colonized ), 
  and was it not systematic slaughter . 
  oh wait , they were colonial overlords , so its fine then . 
  also the rwandan genocide was ok for the same reasons . 
  i totally agree that it is completely fucked up as well . 
  it was done by somebody on the site as a map to use as a springboard of alternate history , a lot of muslims left after ah takes over , and given the context of the ottoman empire where muslim was loyal and chrisitan was rebellious , it is a good starting point . 
  again , not completely accurate but it gives an idea . 
  visualization is nice even if imperfect , especially since maps that show settlement make it seem like there were less muslims due to mostly urban settlement . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/co-belligerence truth is that while it is not a full blown alliance the way it is often portrayed is also inaccurate . 
  it 's whataboutism that is completely irrelevant, 
  while turkey 's historical revisionism it stupid , it seems a tad hypocritical when finland uses the term co-belligerence when while it was not quite as deep in with the nazis as say hungary , it was 99 % of the way there . 
  its a matter of politics really . 
  stupid naming dispute , they dont want to get the label genocide commiter while they in their opinions ( and honestly i would not disagree ) the balkan countries did the same type of shit during the balkan wars . 
  really stupid , should not be an issue , but it is . 
  it would have likely happened either way ... 
  something something russia . 
  something something ethnic cleansing . 
  [ both happened . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cretan_turks#history ) , additionally , here is a [ good general paper ] ( http://ieg-ego.eu/en/threads/europe-on-the-road/forced-ethnic-migration/berna-pekesen-expulsion-and-emigration-of-the-muslims-from-the-balkans ) on the subject . 
  it does a good job of staying neutral and alaways pointing out that all sides did it . 
  additionally , [ here is a good map ] ( http://www.alternatehistory.com/discussion/attachment.php?attachmentid=45393&amp;stc=1&amp;d=1206984837 ) that shows the 1870s muslim population . 
  it has issues and maybe leans a little pro turkish , but it gives a good general overview of the mass ethnic cleansing that took place on all sides . 
  all your post also point to massacres committed against turks , although not in the same area . 
  literally second one down . 
  edit : since a lot of people are questioning , muslim = / = turk nowadays but in the ottoman empire it did , and again , i agree the map is not perfect , but while the site seems a little strange go read the post and the dude does research on the topic , even if it is not perfect . 
  thats a stupid criticism , the fact that they skip over all these genocide http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_albanians_in_the_balkan_wars http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xinhai_revolution ( what happened to the manchus ) that , that is a good criticism, 
  cool , should i start linking to armenian genocide denial posts now because that is what you are doing right now ... 
  you motherfucker . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not , what is it to you france ? 
  because they are often conflates in armenian nationalism and you can show a concrete example of it taking place ? 
  ok , but the point is they have impacted it in the past . 
  it meets the definition of colonization , period . 
  you may not like the word , but considering that they have rights the locals do n't ( like a right to property ) i am fine with using it, 
  eastern thrace ( excluding istanbul ) was bulgarian plurality . 
  yes i admit to that . 
  see , is that so hard ? 
  it has a long but it does n't have a continuous association . 
  you are being nationalistic by claiming the land . 
  period, 
  you realize that bulgaria and turkey have roughly equivalent gdps right ? 
  ouch ? 
  so just the infrastructure the french built on algerias oilfields and later nationalized ? 
  three words , european union membership, 
  i think this is what he was referring to but the armenians were not major participants and it was over a longer time period http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims, 
  the international association of genocide scholars says the ottoman government though . 
  not the republican . 
  and a , you are justifying massacres and b if that is the case than republican forces do n't count as those were citizens of other countries as per the treaty of sevres, 
  look at the article , they had a poll where 70 % said turks were the biggest threat and they were only slightly below the azeris in the polls, 
  there is a ton of it , you have to be kidding yourself if you think there is otherwise . 
  i 'll throw this up for now but honestly there is so much it is not funny http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-azerbaijani_sentiment_in_armenia http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-turkism, 
  when they are in the coalition and stop the talks it matters ... 
  guess what those , that is 50 generations removed , the people who were ethnically cleansed are still alive today . . also the deportations began in 1988 , it 's like saying there were only x many armenians in western turkey in 1917 during the armenian genocide . 
  and guess what ? 
  both are colonization . 
  also , if there is such a thing as historic land , armenia should move back to the steppe . 
  after a few generations removed to call it historic land is garbage . 
  and guess what ? 
  even without the deportations , there probably still would be the azeri majority due to migration . 
  i hate to sound like a whataboutism , but bulgaria was once muslim majority ( but barely ) to what it is today of 7 % . 
  and yet we do n't refer to their ethnic cleansings and genocide as by the bulgarian people , we say the bulgarian communist party . 
  also , you miss my point . 
  i did not say turkish government , they put blame on the people of turkey, 
  turkey has been a muslim majority country for 100s of years before the genocide . 
  70 % so i would say . 
  it became more muslim but to say it was not a muslim country is dishonest 2 . 
  armenians , especially armenians in america hate turks . 
  there is a visceral reaction to them . 
  look at what happened in the 90s with the azeris . 
  to say they do n't like the government but like the people is bs . 
  especially since they use they or the turks when discussing the genocide , when most genocide talks use government , or the army . 
  most historians do n't agree that the genocide extended into the republican period , i can source it once i am off my phone .
