we are going through a second industrial revolution though , not a continuation of the first . 
  it 's not a guarantee but it is a very real worry, 
  god that 's insane . 
  the governments are doing some serious bullshit right now with the euro crisis, 
  temporary jobs ? 
  is this something with no job security or something more permanent ? 
  it 's geographically on the border and hosted the european games and eurovision, 
  that 's what we in america do . 
  not saying it 's fair myself i personally am at the start of the mississippi and our state minnesota is almost at the top of the list in taxed vs send to the federal government and the near opposite is the case for the end of the mississippi , yet we still do it . 
  would i like to kick it out of the union ? 
  hell yes . 
  but should we ? 
  probably not, 
  the absolute worst i could see turkey doing in the case of a civil war is occupy eastern thrace to protect the turkish minority in joint rule with bulgaria or something . 
  so like half russian , but not full russian, 
  no , the answer is russian, 
  if not for the russians there would be no ukrainians there period !, 
  ok , but they were the plurality , therefor they would have gone to russia in a logical world, 
  same case . 
  and you could also take that to the extreme . 
  tatars get it plus most of southern ukraine than due to colonization . 
  and all the indo europeans have to go back to ukraine because they spread from there, 
  ok , but it was not ukrainian either . 
  or following your logic ukraine owes some territory to poland, 
  unless it uses a negative it 's always a bad idea to assume negative . 
  i 'm actually in favor of border redrawing personally , as unlikely as it is . 
  how the fuck is stating that albanians in macedonia are separatist . 
  god , i 'm actually fucking in favor of a border redrawing personally , but i never made any god damn value statement , my statement is essentially `` the backstory behind this picture is that the albanians dont like being part of macedonia in this picture due to separatism '' and an implication is not surprising for the balkans . 
  how the fuck is that racist ? 
  classic separatism , or another way of saying it `` typical . '', 
  unless you have a value statement on separatism as negative . 
  i made no value statement , that was you . 
  they form a big minority ( and contiguous as well ) in macedonia, 
   believe in an european confederation and moldova is more than welcomed . 
  if europe is a confederation , why , cant the szekleys be part of that confederation ? 
   he map you provided is flawed , how can the eastern borders be hungarian when there are only moutains there ? 
  because there are villages there ? 
   hitler actually gave that territory to hungary in the second vienna award in 1940 but unfortunately , romanians were still the majority ( 50,2 % romanians and 37,1 % hungarians ) and so the hungarian army went on a ethnical cleansing for 4 years until romania gained control again after the paris treaties . 
  just like the hungarians go on about 1920 about trianon so do romanians remember 1940 ( hungarians irredentist forget about this ) . 
  til that i am proposing that they gain the territory between romania and hungary ( i am not ) , and that modern day hungary = literally hitler  your proposal wants to make me a citizen of another country because i was born in a city with hungarian majority . 
  this is absurd . 
  do n't you also want to break up switzerland ( 65 % there speak german , they surely must be part of germany and the rest split between italy and france , right ? ) ? 
  what about giving whole of usa back to the indians ? 
  if the people in that city want to be germans , that is fine , and again , i am not suggesting that it goes at a national level , it would be at a municipal or even smaller level , and the areas that dont want to join would not join . 
  it would not be a by person thing , but it would be somewhat like that . 
  also , if the indians were to want to gain independence , more power to them , i dont know how economically viable that would be , but if they want to they should be able to . 
   the szekelys and german saxons were colonists , sent to defend the borders of the hungarian empire so this is why they lived next to the moutains . 
  yes , they are a majority in two counties but should this be a reason for secesionism ? 
  do you really enjoy ethnical secesionism ? 
  have you seen our neighborns and said , `` wow , this is a really great idea to draw borders over this area , surely nothing wrong will happen , it does n't matter if there are significant number hungarians and romanians on both sides , everything will just work out '' . 
  it is not perfect , but if the local population is more in favor of the other option , then that is what it is . 
   moldovans are just ethnic romanians and i do n't believe in ethnic secessionism , til gauguz people dont exist . 
  does turkey get that land back , as they are just ethnic turks right ? 
   i do n't believe in ethnic secessionism , it 's just a bad solution to a non issue . 
  to you , maybe they want a more decentralized model of governance that they cant get at the moment ? 
   hungarians are equal citizens to romanians and every county of romania has a certain autonomy already and there are plans to give them more . 
  except that i have met penalty of them who dont even consider themselves romanians , simply hungarians living in romania . 
  if they want more autonomy , give it to them , this plan for more autonomy shit has been going on for decades , yet not a ton of progress has been made on the issue . 
   they want `` special autonomy '' for three counties , one county of those having only 38.09 % hungarians . 
  this is absurd . 
  there is another county in the county where hungarians are 34.65 % , should they also have autonomy over there ? 
  probably , although i would be more of a fan of carving out a new ethnic hungarian majority territory with little non hungarian territory in it . 
  [ i mean its not like it would be that hard ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/maghiarii_din_romania_%282002%29.png ) , but romania would likely throw a hissy fit at the idea , so they are working in the current model , since that is all they can do . 
  i think they should have a right to autonomy as long as they are more than 20 % , like your country 's language laws demand , but that is just me . 
  besides , your whole argument of 38 or whatever percent is purely based on borders set by romania . 
  it would not be pretty but i am sure you could make a group of disconnected ones form a province . 
  just because they form 30 % or whatever within the province does not mean they dont form a majority locally . 
  i mean if america invaded canada , and had all of the canadian territories annexed to the state of california , which has a greater population , of course any vote for further autonomy will get shot down . 
  it is silly . 
  so , you make it part of hungary with autonomy for the romanians ? 
  these people have a right to self determination , just like the moldovans, 
  surprise ~ ~ anschluss ~ ~ cromwell, 
  past tense for that . 
  except that the czech republic is somewhere in the range of half or two thirds the size of the uk 's . 
  even the poorest countries in the eu are maybe two to four times smaller than the eu 's average ( which the czech republic is relatively close to for the most part ) . 
  in comparison , moldova 's is light years behind the rest of europe , with most estimate 's putting it at * magnitudes * smaller than bulgaria or romania , the poorest countries in the eu . 
  this is not east vs west germany , this is almost north vs south korea levels . 
   romania and moldova have a relationship that is unique in europe . 
  there are n't other situations where two states have a common history , common language , common culture , common european aspirations . 
  cyprus-greece ? 
  except you guys live in the european union , and having a hungarian enclave being viable should be fine , especially with the eu, 
  we have to start doing language diversity , fuck . 
  something something [ nerds !, 
  cant , i 'm 1/9182434958593430 .33333 , repeating of course , swedish . 
  i cant hate myself , 
  oh my god a mexican !, 
  * \u00a1 i could tell by your use of the starting question mark !, 
  oh my god , swiss is the best , i 'm 1/819 .2 th swedish * que ? 
  i thought you were making a joke but it turns out to be correct !, 
  you god damned commies !, 
  speak american !, 
  * also known as half of america . 
  you know i think the real qualification for nordic should be of they hate sweden or not . 
  makes way more sense, 
  the soulless part is pretty redundant for guetta, 
  it really depends on how important it is to the national identity , for example turks get pretty patriotic for their equivalence of independence day, 
  something something we get the credit for their independence day anyway / s, 
  that 's your opinion , man, 
  that 's because they are anticipating future growth , they are being prepared , rather than haphazardly building at the last second . 
  so thats why you left the ottoman empire , it was not the whole oppression thing , the language was just unbearable :p,
