  i also said they had food and water , but there are legitimate arguments to be made for internment . 
  still super shitty and i 'm not justifying death marches but you are arguing earlier that the cover was bs . 
  the cover was reasonable . 
  the reality was simply fucked 6 . 
  women and children can be threatening . 
  in fact it 's frankly sexist of you to assume women ca n't fight . 
  literally ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ stalin, 
  i 'm not arguing that , but literally eastern turkey is where they invaded . 
  if you expect they to only send people away who were three feet from the front you dont understand shit . 
  they had justification to send people away that were a risk , the thing is though , they did not have a justification to kill them . 
  the cover was decent and if they had actually done what they had stated , it was perfectly reasonable . 
  you are arguing it was a shitty cover . 
  that is not true . 
  i mean hell we did it to the japanese all across the fucking country , and they were much less of a risk . 
  i 'm not justifying either actions , but there is a logic behind the action of moving them away from the front , even if the actual reasons and results were fucked up . 
  the idea is that if they are going to persecute for holocaust denial outside of the holocaust it is going to be the armenian genocide , but they will allow justification for other ones such as holodomor . 
  that 's in eastern turkey , sorry , i was referring to the western turkey deportations . 
  moving the goalposts 2 . 
  forced to to a certain extent still, 
  except armenians were never deported from those cities in any significant amount ... that 's why the fire of symara killed so many armenians also all those areas where in the risk zone for the most part . 
  preemptive but still understandable . 
  not saying it was not a genocide , but you do n't have to lie to prove the genocide happened . 
  makes you look like a fool, 
  cool , that is not france though, 
  except most armenian diaspora associations have close ties with the arf and are associated groups ... 
  because they 're batshit insane and the armenian equivalent of nazis . 
  they want the treaty of sevres land back , which includes land that was never historically armenian , and also a region that has a greater population than armenia . 
  they have issues, 
  racist is generally used for nations as well . 
  prejudice against germans is what he means, 
  on mobile so i can only paraphrase as i 'm throttled for video at the moment , but basically he said imagine if during the holocaust they said get the fuck out of germany , we do n't care how but you ca n't bring any of your stuff . 
  but certain regions such as austria were exempted , none of the jews had to leave from there . 
  and once they got to poland they were welcomed with open arms and they could settle down . 
  and germany never tried to annex all of poland just the corridor to prussia . 
  see if i ca n't pull up the video when i 'm off mobile , but while it was still a genocide , it was a very strange genocide in a lot of ways . 
  stop justifying genocide then you fucking prick . 
  there is a point there though . 
  iirc the armenian foreign minister broke down how the holocaust comparison is insane for similar reasons, 
  it 's more of a second degree genocide like the rwandan genocide than the holocaust which is a first degree genocide but it is genocide, 
  yes, 
  so then the rwandan genocide was ok then ? 
  because you could use that justification for it, 
  yeah i do , i 'm just saying do n't lie to do it, 
  i dont get the point you are trying to make ? 
  yeah sure there were reasons to rebel , but it does not justify the wholesale slaughter of perceived `` traitors '', 
  its one of those facepalm things . 
  the horseshoes thing apparently checks out but i can only find one source for it , and . 
  it seems like an isolated incident and there are no secondary sources , so i would probably drop that as well if i were you and just focus on the deathcamps . 
  nothing too systematic , unlike the slaughter in general . 
  [ k ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ), 
  being crybabies for not wanting to pay a slightly larger tax really , then we have great retroactive justification about taxation without representation , but in reality the brits were being idiots and not negotiating something . 
   there were people crucified just a point on that , that is false . 
  they were put on stakes allegedly in one single memoir , w [ hich was then altered for a hollywood film for various reasons ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ravished_armenia ) , but there is no evidence of actually crucifixion taking place . 
  dont stretch historical facts like that , it makes you look like a fool . 
  there is so much evidence for the armenian genocide you dont need to lie like that . 
  [ uhhhh ... ] ( http://www.alternatehistory.com/discussion/attachment.php?attachmentid=166353&amp;stc=1&amp;d=1328378810 ) vs [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/united_armenia.png ) . 
  the russians had not gotten there yet but they certainly were all in `` at risk '' areas , even if that is not the actual reason for the genocide . 
  actually they kind of had to , they were forced by the allies ... 
  ohhh , now i get it . 
  i think any crimes committed against any british loyalists during the revolution were atrocities and incredibly fucked up , and not justified , especially since a lot of them only vocally supported and sent no material aid . 
  your point ? 
  except in the rhetoric and propaganda put out by the armenia government in support of the war at the time . 
  also , every time the negotiation has stopped it has been because they try to shoe horn it in at the last second . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  i never mentioned the british ... 
  except that as long as there is the chance that there will be a dispute that will be an issue . 
  it needs at a minimum a vote in parliament , because they could literally say tomorrow `` na we dont want to do that anymore '' and there would be nothing stopping them . 
  while there is no current consensus on the amount killed by cromwell , at a minimum it is 20 % ish , but i have heard up to a half or even two thirds . 
  it is also hard to give a good estimate on the exact percentage of deaths somewhere between a third to two thirds is the typical amount estimated . 
  well unfortunately , unless i hear it or get a further explanation i cant say i am moved . 
  especially since if it is ethnic cleansing , if is 99 % of the way towards genocide at a minimum . 
  except plenty of armenians on this sub have claimed that turkey should open up the border and recognize the genocide in the same stroke and the nkr is a `` separate issue entirely '', 
  except when the rebellions happened the blood tax had been abolished for approximately 200 years de-facto 100 years de-jure ? 
  not really ? 
  i mean on sort of , but unlike most genocides you will very commonly hear rhetoric such as the turks , or the people , rather than the ottoman government . 
  this is opposed to most other genocides which very explicitly state it was the nazis , or whatever . 
  well the armenian revolutionary federation which has been in government in the past has officially claimed it as part of their united armenia policy , some armenians just want mt ararat , some want a mix , a lot want neither . 
  while there have also been an explicit claim , the declaration of independence states ... international recognition of the 1915 genocide in ottoman turkey and western armenia , referring to them as two separate entities . 
  there has also been affirmations by the government in the past that they would follow the treaty to be fair , but it has been one of those never made clear , and could easily change depending on the government . 
  this is especially important as even the fucking soviets tried to annul it , and turkey does not follow the part of the treaty that calls for the establishment of embassies in all three of the caucus countries ( armenia , azerbaijan , georgia ) , so they even have an excuse to say it is annulled . 
  especially considering that armenia has been known to invade other countries in the past like azerbaijan ( i know it is more complicated but for purposes here it is not as important ) , it is one of those really really uncomfortable spots . 
  if armenia went and ratified a constitutional amendment which defined armenia 's border explicitly , as all other nations have post independence ratified the kars treaty . 
  tldr : sort of , moves had been made in the opposite direction in the past entirely depends on the government in power , could easily change . 
  actually , there are a ton of unrelated reasons why turkey is pissed off as shit as armenia . 
  sure , the attitude of the armenians towards the turks might improve but until the nagorno-karabakh dispute is solved the border will remained closed , whether they recognized it or not . 
  to be fair that is literally only 1.5 % of the turkish community in the netherlands . 
  you have 1.5 % of the germans supporting the neo-nazi party , it does not say a ton about it necessarily . 
  note : not calling the turks nazis , just giving a good example of how crazies still exist everywhere . 
  are you trying to start a flamewar right now ? 
  yep , its far easier for the armenian government to say turkey genocided us , that is why the border is closed down , the nagorno-karabakh dispute is totally unrelated , back off turkey , than it is to actually say that hey , maybe while we might disagree if it is justified , turkey has it 's reasons for being mad at us to the point of closing down the borders and economically destroying us , and maybe we should work to fix that . 
  a lot simply means there is a large amount , it does not mean a majority . 
  if 10 % of people supported nazis in modern day germany for example , that is still a lot of people , even though it is nowhere near the majority . 
  gone , but the issue was you painted devsirme as entirely unique to the ottoman empire, 
  as i said , some armenians , not all, 
  similar blood tax existed in russia until the crimean war , and austria was known to kidnap protestant babies and give them to catholics . 
  it was not entirely unique, 
  you realize you are literally justifying genocide right now ? 
  sam justification for genocides everywhere, 
  and america was named after its supposed discoverer , that does not mean it is correct ( or incorrect ), 
  what 's gross is you get a lot of armenians pulling a turkish genocide denialist attitude towards kholjaly .
