  i think it has to do with the fact that ataturk 's general did end up committing some massacres against armenian civilians , but at the same time , if you are to make an equivalence here , the greek soldiers committed atrocities of a similar scale yet there is no `` turkish genocide . '', 
  i think it just is the fact that ataturk beat them in a way and took back their `` rightful historical land '' ( which can be up for debate but certainly armenia at no point in history had a black sea port ), 
  i 'm not the op and never said that , but your edit saying that there are no greeks is super incorrect . 
  some want mt. 
  ararat back , [ the armenian nazis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_revolutionary_federation ) want all of western armenia back , some just want a formal apology . 
  there has never been an explicit ruling out of any of those options , [ so sevres syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a8vres_syndrome ) starts to kick in . 
  plus there is quite a gap in the expectations of the diaspora and armenian citizens . 
  basically , while it is a stupid reason to deny it , it entirely depends on the attitude of the government , and a formalization of demands would probably go a long ways . 
  no , there are no christians in the asian part of turkey . 
  most greek speakers were christian and most turkish speakers were muslim , but this was a general trend rather than an absolute . 
  that is why to a certain extent the greek or armenian genocide are slight misnomers , it was the genocide of greek or armenian christians , rather than the people . 
  many greek speaking muslims were deported to turkey and had to learn a whole new language , and the reverse happened . 
  turkish national politics are weird , basically everybody are nationalistic or nationality based parties ( chp , mhp , hdp ) , except for the akp which are islamists . 
  so it is not wrong to call them nationalists , it just does not make as much sense from a typical western political spectrum . 
  nagorno-karabakh was 75 % armenian and 25 % azeri before the nagonro-karabakh war , but importantly when the armenians invaded they went and ethnically cleansed a ton of land around the republic corridor , totaling about 450k refugees when compared to the 100kish population of nagorno-karabakh . 
  while armenia does not claim the area , nagorno-karabakh does . 
  also , one of the difficulties is that nagorno-karabakh , much like nakhchivan , lacks a direct access root to the mother country , with one of the contentious points of the negotiations being that they would have to give up the lanchin corridor simply so that the two countries are connected . 
  so yes , but its one of those things where azerbaijan would have to give up a fair amount and at a minimum fuck over roughly 80kish people from the lanchin corridor and the azeris who used to live in the nkr . 
  see if you cant request it and set up a redirect though . 
  western powers have not taken a strong stance on the right to independent rule . 
  for example , if we actually cared , we would be putting a lot of pressure on spain to allow catalonia to be able to hold a referendum . 
  we would also allow the republika srpska to split off , croatian bosnia as well , if they wanted . 
  northern cyprus as well to a certain extent , republic of ilirida , an almost complete reorganization of africa , middle east as well , adjustments all over central asia , yemen , i can go on . 
  we just dont give a fuck about independence movements in the west unless it directly supports us . 
  we define territorial units that will allow independence or not completely arbitrarily . 
  i mean look at world war 1 . 
  self determination for everybody , but fuck those hungarians , turks , and danzig germans , they lost so they can go fuck themselves . 
  lithuanian poles as well , germans in alscace lorriane . 
  bulgarians also lose a bunch of bulgarian majority territory as punishment as well . 
  it was self determination for the victors , fuck everybody else . 
  world war 2 , mass expulsion of germans as collective punishment , same with italians in istria . 
  also fuck eastern europe ... 
  i mean the whole reason it started , and why the nazis took over rather than communists or something was because we set the territorial units , but did not adjust them for ethnic realities . 
  germany should have been bigger in a truly wilsonian ww1 aftermath, 
  shhhh shhh . 
  do n't make me bomb you somalia, 
  you need to double down on those angry bird exports , 
  all i can think of is this http://m.imgur.com/r/polandball/m2bdw3s, 
  to be fair it is easy to grow fast when you start from nothing . 
  except this was given 35 years ago . 
  in the immediate post independence rule . 
  if you set up a shit government , with high corruption , with shitty borders that are based on random lines rather than a sense of national unity you will have massive problems . 
  can you find an updated source that argues it was overall beneficial , rather than mixed at best or negative ? 
  also , there is no nobel prize in economics , it is the nobel memorial prize which is a later tack on , so sort of but not entirely a nobel prize . 
  i am not ambivalent to the particulars , but we only take educated people yet we dont have enough farm laborers which leads to illegal immigration . 
  we should increase the numbers and fix works visas . 
  yeah i have no opinion of it i was just explaining the logic, 
  i 'm all for more immigration to the u.s. . we are way too restrictive, 
  except that basically any economic historian will argue european colonization only hurt the development of african nations rather than helped them . 
  also some of them are legitimately fearing for their lives . 
  a lot are not but some definitely are, 
  but it is at the strange time ask strange because armenia is basically a vassal state of russia, 
  it is also ironic because while turkey is become more neutral in the east vs west fight , armenia is basically a russian vassal state, 
  putting down germans just because of what their ancestors did and ascribing something innate to their genes ? 
  you really think they want to be a vassal state to russia ? 
  because that is what armenia is in all but name, 
  [  europe 's rw turkey joining the eu is mentioned ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gt83ewf.gif ), 
   either you did n't get my point or are intentionally side stepping . 
  the point is that armenians were living on their ancestral lands . 
  because of this they were the best entrenched ethnic group and therefore owned some of the best territories and were by far the wealthiest people . 
  god damned it , they were literally slaughtered just because they were christian , they were not slaughtered because they had the best land . 
  stop adding justification to the genocide that is not there . 
  the turkification of wealth is a republican era policy . 
  the wholesale slaughter because they are christian is ottoman era . 
   you are truly an imbecile . 
  fuck you . 
  armenian women and children were threatening and therefore deserved to be sent on death marches ? 
  you sick fuck ... go fuck yourself . 
  i assumed i was speaking to someone with some sense of logic , apparently not . 
  you apparently have super poor reading skills . 
  i have said probably fucking 20 times that what happened was wholesale slaughter and a genocide . 
  however , you made a point earlier that the fact that they were simply moving people around was unacceptable . 
  assuming that the intention was not to slaughter them and just to move them around because they were a military risk it would be perfectly acceptable . 
  however , the fact that they wanted to kill them is what made it fucked up . 
   people were n't merely sent on death marches . 
  in many cases they were killed en masse . 
  look at every gallery in the link if you need to . 
  i never denied that , god damned it , although some of the pictures there were stated to be from karabakh , or izmir during the turkish war for independence . 
  karabakh was never touched by turkey , as you say , it was literally hundreds of kilometers away from the front , that was a fight with azerbaijan , and the fire of izmir was debatably not part of the genocide as that was during the republican era . 
  not saying that it was not , but that was literally the first link . 
  one of them probably has the crucifixion picture from [ ravished armenia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ravished_armenia ) too . 
  i 'm not denying a lot of the pictures , but there is this strange habit to throw in bullshit with pictures of the actual genocide for the armenian genocide . 
  armenians did n't `` revolt . '', 
  they demanded equal rights under the law . 
  this happened immediately preceding the hamidian massacres were 200,000 - 300,000 people were wiped off the face of the earth , you twisted animal . 
  you are equivocating by making a ridiculous argument that people who lived hundreds of kilometeres away from battle fields needed to be sent on death marches . 
  seriously fuck off you animal . 
  i 'm done . 
  which is why i said risk . 
  i never god damned said that and your poor reading skills are the issue . 
  seriously , go re-read it a few more times , i dont deny anything , you just want me to be a genocide denier for a justice boner or something . 
  i am literally also arguing for your point , but i dont like bs being thrown in with the actual genocide . 
  nativism fallacy . 
  who 's generation lived there longer does not matter nor should it really in this case 2 . 
  the front was moving , it was living and organic . 
  it in theory could change at any time . 
  they did not touch the armenians in palestine for the reason that they were not a risk , nor the greeks or armenians of izmir . 
  there is nothing sad about it , just ironic that there were armenians who fought for the ottomans , also there were conscriptions so i do n't know if you are trying to argue they were loyal or something 4 . 
  wealth was not a factor , it was religion and revolt risk . 
  the turkification of wealth was republican era 5 .
