  and anyway if turkey committed genocide in the republican period greeks committed a worse genocide in western anatolia . 
  one sided i could see an argument for but false ? 
  are you denying the mass ethnic cleansing ? 
  or what ? 
  except it is still fucked up . 
  just because azerbaijan is shit does not mean armenia is better , especially since the nkr government claims the ethnically cleansed land . 
  i also specifically fault the azeris as well , but apparently i need to go out of the way and mention you to satisfy your requirements . 
  both are very fucked up , but the fact that they allow the colonization of the land is very , very fucked up . 
  also , you are inflating and deflating numbers . 
  150k armenians from the nkr , and there were 150k from armenia proper . 
  not the 300k to 100k shit you said, 
  no , but the armenian revolutionary federation has threatened to walk out of the coalition in the past for it ... 
  you 're assuming it 's one of specific malice however , rather than ambivalence . 
  my argument on the genocide is that they did not care , rather than they specifically wanted to kill them all . 
  also , another important fact is that the armenian version of events also has issues , such as saying the genocide extended into the republican period . 
  if that is the case than the greeks committed a much worse genocide against the turks in western anatolia . 
  both sides have issues with their stories , but there are major issues with the armenian version of events that also deviates from the historical consciences . 
  except that they very specifically use words like the soviet government for stuff like the holodomor or the massacre of albanians uses the language of serbian army , or they use west pakistani government for what happened in bangladesh . 
  it is rare to see direct blame on a people outside of this genocide . 
  also this is some pretty big victim blaming . 
  to explain further , armenia and azerbaijan are kind of in a bit of a mass ethnic cleansing war right now , currently is ceasefire but could ignite at any moment . 
  as a lot of azeris got ethnically cleansed ( somewhere around 500k from the disputed area , for comparison there are currently 150k armenians living in the area disputed ) . 
  so that border is shut down , turkey closed it in solidarity , iran is not a great economic partner and neither is georgia . 
  so they are stuck in developmental hell . 
  mainland portuguese sounds like a drunk russian trying to speak spanish is the anecdote i have heard, 
  see though , the eu supported erdogan over turks saying it was a terrible idea and look where it got everyone, 
  but but my moral superiority ?!!? 
  because an american is automatically uneducated on the subject ? 
  how ignorant of you . 
  you are acting like omg i 'm so grateful that they held it up , as if they were three inches away from getting in and it was stopped . 
  the fact of the matter is that it was a mutual walk away if leaning towards turkey walking away and you seem to bring it up in very irrelevant situations , i mean for fuck sakes croatia should be kicked out of the eu for its slight of hand with their balkan wars generals yet turkey protests a statue in an unrelated country and god damn turkey is such a shithole . 
  maybe it is , but it is barely relevant to the situation . 
  that is my point , you just bring it up to act morally superior rather than an actual decent reason, 
  you 're understanding of the situation is poor . 
  the turks gave up on joining the eu , you act like it is a big deal or something . 
  it 's like one of those kids who offers you something , and you turn it down so they respond `` fine i was n't going to give it to you anyway ! '', 
  yep , go listen to somebody talk about the holocaust . 
  you will see a very clear difference in subject pronouns . 
  nazis vs turks , the government vs they/the people . 
  might seem like nothing but it makes a huge difference, 
  seriously , there were tons of jews in algeria before the french invaded , it was the civil war that drove them out . 
  whitewashing and straight up lying . 
  to be fair , the french considered algeria part of metropolitan france unlike the rest of its colonies so french algeria is very much the exception to the rule rather than the rule itself . 
  the french were much worse in the rest of its colonies , and a fair amount can be subscribed to generally trends that would have happened with or without algeria, 
  you ignore the lobbying power of the armenian lobby . 
  they cut off aid to democratic development in azerbaijan just because of the ongoing dispute . 
  not military aid , democratic development . 
  and while both sides did massive ethnic cleansing during the war , armenia is currently the worst perpetrator and has occupied territory than was ethnically cleansed that had zero armenian presence before the war . 
  at least with the other areas you can argue it was mixed , so it is harder for a right of return . 
  but the fact that they are calling for an end to the `` illegal armenian blockade '' and passively allowing ethnic cleansing shows something . 
  if turkey admits it you would have to be kidding if armenia did not push for it , as most diaspora organizations are associated with the arf , which still pushes for land reparations that were crazy even with the pre genocide armenian population let alone now . 
  so it is a small possibility , but not a negligible at all given how powerful these lobbying organizations can be . 
  so basically , precedent , no counter lobby and a bit of a moral riotousness attitude and there you go . 
  they wo n't admit it as long as the 500k refugees from the regions surrounding the nagorno karabakh republic that armenia kicked out and ethnically cleansed can return to their homes . 
  basical realpolitik with its ally azerbaijan, 
  there is a difference towards legal persecution and social persecution . 
  this map only talks about legal persecution . 
  for example if you were muslim in armenia , or orthodox in azerbaijan it would be an issue , even if legally there is nothing on the books they can get you for . 
  those were all civilian deaths , same argument can be made for the armenian deaths in that case then . 
  in fact the lack of food for muslims was also probably a big contributor to deaths in the armenian genocide . 
  if they do n't have enough food for the muslim civilian population they are not going to send it to armenians . 
  not justifying it , but it is a huge contributing factor. ,, 
  we know 4.5 million civilians died during the first world war itself from the ottoman empire . 
  [ approximately half were muslim . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_casualties_of_world_war_i ) . 
  that is just world war one . 
  most estimates say that another 600k civilians died during the balkan wars . 
  850k fled and were refugees . 
  [ throw in the albanian dead ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_albanians_in_the_balkan_wars ) . 
  basically 1 million died and another millionish were made refugees . 
  that is absolutely in the range of what the turks did . 
  3 million muslims died , albeit a lot due to famine ( which you can argue is also a big share of the death for during the armenian genocide ) from 1912-1923 . 
  that is absolutely in the same range . 
  basically , it is absolutely comparable . 
  * second biggest , istanbul had the biggest community, 
  uhh http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_azerbaijanis_from_armenia, 
  i know , i 'm not disagreeing , but it is nothing unusual to turkey , it is super common is what i 'm trying to point out . 
  eh , like in the republic , it is not a super common opinion , but it is also not unheard of either . 
  i agree that it is stupid , but when it is brought up , it just shut down the situation . 
  part of the issue is that the mount ararat issue is often brought up , even if the access to the black sea thing is seen as crazy . 
  i just can not see turkey giving up any sort of land , even if it is symbolic like that . 
  [ read up on this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a8vres_syndrome ) , it will help you understand how irrational this fear is in turkey , also helps explain the kurdish sitatuion . 
  not trying to whataboutism it right now , but [ muhacir ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhacir ) physiology is still super impactful in turkey . 
  it is commonly brought up , you can see a couple of examples in this thread . 
  not saying it justifies it , but when it is brought up , the conversation just shuts down . 
  if a turk is starting to open up to the genocide , and then it reads about that still being a possibility , then it just will backtrack him back to where he was before . 
  it just hurts things , that is all . 
  read at the bottom of the page , it talks about how the poles started getting touchy when there was a possibility of land reparations and the government preemptively countersued . 
  you realize you are literally justifying genocide right now right ? 
  also  women were not allowed to wear specific clothes and had to wear black burkas wrong , wrong wrong wrong . 
  literally spewing bullshit right now . 
  there was no legal requirement for women to wear a headscarve in the ottoman empire . 
  many wore them , but there was importantly no legal requirement , and many went without . 
  also , this requirement did most definitely not apply to the christian millets , [ read bout it here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_clothing )  christian children were kidnapped , boys trained as ottoman soldiers this is true , however , the practice was abolished in the 1700s . 
  you know when slavery was still legal basically everywhere . 
  not justifying it , it was an awful practice , but you are framing it rather poorly . 
  [ read about it here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ) also , please not that it was not even that unusual . 
  [ the russians did something much later in the 1850s ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cantonist#cantonists_in_russia ) , and austria also instituted a similar policy to kidnap protestant children and have them raised by catholic families . 
  it was sadly not unusual , again not to say that it was ok , but this is some / r/badhistory type shit here . 
   and girls for turkish men this is just a straight up lie , the devsirme tax did not apply to women like that .
