  except that istanbul has been majority muslim since like the 1500s , it was a weird armenian greek 40 % the rest turkish muslims 60 % towards the end of the ottoman empire , but it was majority muslim . 
  logic goes that then the poles definitely dont belong in parts of the former german empire, 
  really the only area of turkey that would not have gone to a reasonable split of the empire peacefully in say the 1800s likely would have been van , turkey would have likely gotten more in any other circumstance than it did historically . 
  not really . 
  i mean should us americans fuck back off to europe because it has been way less time for us . 
  there may be a higher proportion , but just because there were less anti-semites does not mean there are no anti-semites . 
  does the local slang words vary though ? 
  that is the real question . 
  i mean people where i live call soda pop and people call all soda coke down in texas , but we all speak english we just have weird idiosyncrasies . 
  americans have no idea what ironic means either but that does not stop us . 
  well no duh , its pretty hard to sum up something in one sentence that is as complicated as that . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  how the hell was mass ethnic cleansing and genocide a win for those muslims ? 
  to be fair , the anon plan was damned closed to succeeding , but the european union said it would offer membership to cyprus regardless , which fucked thing up royally . 
  however , generally they were the wealthier parts of the cities . 
  again , i see the point , but it is just silly and nothing unusual either . 
  and the indo europeans probably also have no business being anywhere outside of ukraine , but does it make any sense to deport everybody back there ? 
  hell no . 
  [ uhhh ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ocauofz.gif ) [ you realize that approximately 3 million muslims were killed and an equal amount expelled at a minimum right ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) that is more than the christian population of anatolia by a long shot . 
  this is history 101 really . 
  uh they deported the hell out the bulgarians ( not that they did not do something similar ), 
  are you talking about the greek genocide ? 
  because while that was a terrible tragedy , all the areas that they were deported from had a strong muslim majority , the only real exception being izmir/symara , but even then that was about 50-50 . 
  i get what you are trying to say that thessaloniki deserved to go to israel with it 's jewish population . 
  not entirely wrong , but a bit inaccurate . 
  also i am curious where you are getting the million number from , the maximum estimate i have seen for the greek genocide is 900k but often more 300k-500k, 
  eh , its still an entirely important part of the motivation for the armenian genocide . 
  its like talking about ww2 without mentioning the prequel . 
  sure , you can probably talk about it purely on the situation grounds , but it adds important context . 
  still stupid to say we dont talk about ww1 enough so lets not talk about ww2 though . 
  quarters are not equal to ghettos , of all the criticisms , that is one of the most silly . 
  there are so many better things to call him out for . 
  the armenian revolutionary federation , which is what i think you are referring to , are still super popular among the diaspora despite basically being armenian nazis , if anybody were curious who , they hold some power in the nkr but are not popular in armenia proper . 
  ok , but the moral principle , of denying a general apology just so you wont have to pay still applies . 
  not so much denying , but i know there are several laws where if you settle in a place for long enough , and nobody challenges it , you own it , at least in the usa , cant remember the name and unsure about length or if this is a weird leftover from the homestead act or something or if it is a general convention . 
  it probably would have made secularism stick in harder . 
  i mean there is kind of the alevi minority , but at a minimum , if turkey and greece had exchanged via language , rather than religion , i think both would be better off . 
  because the armenians have diaspora in the west , and are christian , thus `` relateable '' , unlike those sinking africans or whatever , at least that is often people 's logic . 
  indo europeans all go back to ukraine , turkic people all go back to central asia , and we give the rest of the land back to the hittites and stuff . 
  c'mon , so logical ... / s, 
  the argument i have heard before is that they are kind of strange memorials to him in the sense that seeing the king worship allows people to realize it was kind of fucked up . 
  it was considered to be humane and logical is the weird part too . 
  nor did the tutsis have any right oppressing the hutu but it does not make genocide justified . 
  especially since you are applying modern conventions to an empire that got a foodhold in europe almost six and a half centuries now . 
  i get that yeah , they probably did not , but it 's empire dude , not really surprising . 
  it does feel one sided , i totally agree , but bringing it up going look at what happened to the balkans is ignoring the point . 
  what turkey did was genocide , plain and simple . 
  when you recognize it , i highly encourage you to also go and recognize the genocide of the albanians and muslims in the balkans as well , and justifiably frame it as the culmination of a century of inter ethnic chrisitan vs muslim violence . 
  however , not recognizing it as all for that reason is kind of shitty . 
  and i say this as a turkophone karde\u015fim, 
  well , multiple things . 
  for one , it would fundamentally change the current relationship between armenia and turkey . 
  while as of currently , cold relations are to be expected , then , no matter what side caused it any sort of disputes would cause immense pressure to be put on turkey to fix it no matter the cost , even if it were something unreasonable on armenia 's part . 
  secondly , it could lead to international pressure for monetary reparations , which is why turkey wont do a unilateral recognition , as strange as it sounds , as they want a treaty that recognizes the armenian genocide plus probably a renunciation of all claims of money on turkey and most especially a treaty setting the border in stone , as while the arf is the most extreme example , wanting a united armenia as land reparations ( these guys are the neo-nazis of armenia fyi ) , a lot of armenians do want mt ararat as a land reparation , although due to this thing called sevres syndrome , which makes turkey super touchy over territorial claims to an insane degree even for nation states , they will want that renounced . 
  the biggest implication though would be towards azerbaijan though . 
  currently , armenia and azerbaijan are in a bit of a war , 300-500k armenian refugees , 750kish azeri refugees . 
  to sum it up in a few words , azerbaijan had a mostly armenian area that wanted to join armenia , they would not let them , armenia and azerbaijan went to war over it , which was justifiable as azerbaijan might have ethnically cleansed it otherwise , however in the war they took a huge strip of land that had zero armenian presence and kicked out a bunch of azeris . 
  for comparison of the amount of ethnic cleansing roughly 500k azeri got kicked out to protect an armenian population of roughly 100-150k , most armenian refugees had fled from azerbaijan proper . 
  to this day the countries are in a cold war over the area , with azerbijan wanting the surrounding territory plus the autonomous republic back while armenia is willing to just take the autonomous republic , with the autonomous republic 's government trying to take the occupied area as well as get itself into armenia . 
  basically a huge shitshow . 
  however , how this ties into the armenian genocide is that turkey is using it as leverage to help try and resolve the conflict , although admittedly in azerbaijan 's favor , as armenia 's foreign policy is 1 , armenian genocide and 2 , annexing the area taken from azerbaijan . 
  if the armenian genocide is recognized , they have no incentive to negotiate so they will probably just annex the territory and tell azerbaijan to fuck off . 
  now i 'm probably going to have an armenian come in here saying they are separate conflicts , but if you go look back at the rhetoric from the war , you will see they are immensely tied together , and anyway , considering the human tragedy that it is , i at least consider it pretty moral to do so . 
  if turkey recognizes the genocide it fucks over one of it 's closest cultural and strategic allies , so it does not want to recognize shit until the conflict is solved . 
  slightly hypocritical given cyprus , but that is another story . 
  you would be surprised . 
  the balkans celebrate it ( yeah we kicked out those fucking turks ! ), 
  or justify it ( they were foreign invaders , slaughter of civilians is totally fine !, 
  / s ) , while failing to apply the same logic to when turkey does ( those monsters ! ) . 
  anybody who commits genocide or ethnic cleansing is fucked up period . 
  one of the saddest examples of this is armenia , a state essentially built on refugees from the armenian genocide ( before the genocide they only formed roughly ~ 55 % of the modern day republics population ) , besides , you know almost being wiped out by it , and yet you will see them pulling the same type of shit with azeris ( although the azeris do the exact same sort of shit to be fair ) . 
  talking about the real tragedy of the loss of the [ armenian population of nakhchivan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenians_in_nakhchivan ) , while denying that there even was , or even celebrating the `` kebab removal '' of the azeris from armenia itself , [ which were in a very similar situation . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azerbaijanis_in_armenia ) it gets especially sad when they talk about how the [ khojaly massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre ) was somehow a plant by the azeri government , or all made up , turkish genocide denier conspiracy style , or that the border of nakhchivan to turkey was somehow stolen despite its azeri majority . 
  it 's sad to see how quickly people will self justify shitty things because it is their own people . 
  approximately 30 % of the republic 's population of founding were refugees or first generation immigrants from the 1878-1923 period . 
  to say it was built is almost underselling it , turkey is a refugee state . 
  eh , thats getting dangerously close to justification , especially when you consider that you albanians were also victims in the post ottoman empire collapse . 
  civilians never deserve genocide or ethnic cleansing , although his whataboutism is stupid, 
  the issue is preventing stuff like greece happening again . 
  combined budgetary policy is federalism , more or less , foreign policy could still be independent , but economics will have to move closer . 
  and the eu is soo much better ? 
  at least we do n't have multiple personality disorder, 
  no , but he considered himself non greek . 
  it 's not entirely separated , but he is not entirely greek either, 
  as the op , my point was almost entirely rhetorical to show how loose the union is . 
  do n't think about it too hard , 
  of course , but it was more rhetorical to show how loose the union is . 
  think of the eu as a uncoordinated bigger dude while the u.s. is smaller but also knows karate, 
  you call them specifically when needed but otherwise you stick to korean, 
   the fact of the matter is armenians had to right to seek independence instead of living on the rule of maniacal azeri leadership who hated them . 
  ok , but the point is that armenia committed the exact kind of shit you call armenia out for ...  where are you getting this from ? 
  armenia chose to protect the nkr , they could have said na . 
  it was their choice to go to war even if it was a moral obligation . 
  first quote  what ? 
  the azeris fled the regions surrounding the nkao during the war . 
  i 'm not saying that it was justified , but it 's correct to say that it happened during a war cause by the dictatorship in azerbaijan . 
  how is that `` justifying ethnic cleansing ? 
  second quote  azerbaijan can either move on you are quite literally saying , they won the war , they get the land fuck off . 
  you are also justifying ethnic cleansing and dropping the part about the various massacres that took place against the civilian population ...  `` wipe the floor '' .
