  like last time when they had russian support ? 
  armenia took care of them quite easily . 
  azeri are not a fighting people and their government merely knows how to committ attrocities , sell oil for weapons and make belligerant statements . 
  honestly does not seem that much better than armenia at times . 
  while azerbaijan is worse , that does not make armenia any less shit . 
  seriously , armenia has constantly denied that they did anything wrong and you will not believe the sheer about of people who pull a khojaly massacre was all azeri plants , and the refugees are all made up by the azeri government . 
  like seriously , it makes turkish genocide denialists seem sane in comparison . 
  although i will admit i made an incorrect statement on the military strength , my bad . 
   it 's only matter of time before azeri oil entirely dries up and the dictatorship and economy plummet . 
  as long as they continue to occupy the land , not really , revanchism is a bitch aint it ? 
  because there is no south macedonian and we use the term korean except when specifically referring to one ? 
  the argument could go that much like the turks of modern turkey , who are anatolian genetically , but adopted a central asian language , there was a language shift but not a population one . 
  not to say it is true , it is not , but you could make that argument . 
  fair enough, 
  [ you act like that was a unique think to nakhijevan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_azerbaijanis_from_armenia ) also , just for reverence , i was only referencing the idps from the area around the nkr , it is 724,000 for the whole thing . 
  also , you realize that the war was essentially won and the military coup took place because azerbaijan was losing right ? 
  on top of that , it was not azerbaijans decision to go to war . 
  armenia went to war for good reasons , but the matter of the fact is that they started it . 
  azerbaijan had terrestrially integrity that was pushed by the soviet union . 
   the problem of refugees falls squarely on their shoulders . 
  you realize you are justifying ethnic cleansing right ? 
  like literally , what the fuck . 
  you would like to think that the armenian-american you clearly are based on your post history would not find any ethnic cleansing/genocidal attacks acceptable , but nope , since it is your people it is fine ... like seriously , what the fuck ? 
  its not like they voted for the damned dude or have even had an opportunity to do so . 
   they can either move on or attempt to attack again . 
  in any case , karabakhis are n't going anywhere . 
  they probably wont because of russia 's backing , but that in any case is not valid . 
  azerbaijan would absolutely wipe the floor with armenia if it was a one on one . 
  the only reason they lost the first time was because of a severely disorganized military and no strong nationalistic feelings towards that area . 
  nowadays ? 
  not going to end well without foreign support . 
  not to say i want that , but it is exactly what would happen . . 
  here is my opinion on the subject as the op armenia started out as justified , then it went all fucked up when stuff like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre ) and they end up kicking out approximately 500k azeri civilians to protect a population roughly a quarter or fifth of that ? 
  you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain , so to speak . 
  not saying they should have rolled over and died , but what both sides are undoubtedly fucked up . 
  again , while not a perfect comparison , it does have a lot of similarities to what is happening with ukraine russia to a degree . 
  fair enough , i just see it waaaay too much on topics like this so i assumed . 
  my bad , and i totally agree , it is silly , but again , to be fair , they did have a greater presence over much of modern day macedonia . 
  [ uhh dude ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican%e2%80%93american_war ) not saying you are entirely wrong , but it is especially nonsensical sometimes as alexander really did not like the lowland uncivilized peasants rather than his superior macedonian race as he saw it . 
  however , it shows a lack of certainty , especially considering that alexander considered you lowlanders to be a bunch of uncivilized peasants , barely any better than the barbarians . 
  but fucking star wars man  / uncirclejerk . 
  i agree but i 'm just poking fun . 
  agreed, 
  so the population exchange was ok between turkey and greece ? 
  also you realize you are also justifying ethnic cleansing right ... 
   macewinduadnoia i mean they do have a river named vadar, 
  you guys are probably going to take it over anyway with the rate macedonians are using bulgaria to enter the eu . 
  im down for that vadar sounds cool too , build your national identity around star wars or something . 
  of course it is bigger and more important , i dont think anybody is arguing that . 
  however , the difference being is that america is a unified country , while europe is a loose confederation of states ( although admittedly moving towards federalism ) . 
  while i totally agree that it is pretty unfair to do this , the association is almost , although not quite , fair enough to throw in the us and canada in as a unified block as well ( which in that case we would still beat you guys out , suck it europoors / s ! ) . 
  if europe federalizes and even gets somewhat close to the us in terms of unity , then it absolutely will be at the same level as the usa , if not quite overshadowing it due to the similarly sized economies , but until that point is reached , well , it simply is not . 
  i would be open to any suggestions to alternatives honestly , its just it seems like the only realistic choice . 
  to be fair on that last point , there was a fairly significant historical presence of slavic macedonians in the area of map you posted , at least outside of the thessaloniki peninsula . 
  [ it is just a century of forced assimilation or ethnic cleansing/genocidal policies wiped them out . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavic_speakers_of_greek_macedonia ), 
  like trying to be nordic , 
  sorry , i was conflating the two , i know you guys compose 30 % ish of the country , and i should know better . 
  you blame the us for this mess ? 
  tbh that 's as stupid as artificial as when united states of mexicans call us united staters . 
  just keep it macedonian imo, 
  question , what would the ethnicity 's name be . 
  north macedonian or just macedonian , as that would probably be the biggest factor . 
  people do often forget that there were a lot more pomaks , bulgarians and macedonians in the area of macedonia before some pretty nasty ethnic cleansing and genocide during the balkan wars , and arguably they were the plurality or majority in that area of macedonia ( if you exclude the thessaloniki peninsula ) . 
  although to be fair of the communist point , the greek communists were the ones who defended macedonians in the area . 
  what would the ethnicity suggestion be though ? 
  i think that is the more important factor , would greece be against calling themselves macedonians and pushing a artificial `` northernmacedonian '' or whatever the equivalent is in the local language ? 
  because if they dont care about ethnic naming i might switch over my position to be pro greek rather than thinking both sides are crazy , although if they do care i will have the same opinion as the united states of mexicaners who insist on calling americans united staters ( although admittedly if i am speaking spanish i use the term because it is not as awkward ) . 
  however they have rejected formal membership on geographic grounds, 
  morocco has been attempting to apply to the eu for quite a while now ... 
  democracy spreads out the stupid so to speak . 
  you got get the second coming but you additionally do n't get satan on the throne either, 
  probably an autocorrect from his native language of english spelling rules make no sense . 
  do n't worry so much dude, 
   and it 's rather cynical to comment on the economic situation of armenia in that way considering that 90 % of it is turkey 's fault . 
  eh , thats rather dishonest . 
  it is like saying that russia 's current economic situation is all the west 's fault . 
  yes , technically it is , but the shit they started with azerbaijan and the subsequent ethnic cleansing is what caused the current situation , diplomatic relations were thawing until the invasion of the territory and subsequent human rights violations . 
  and since somebody is going to accuse me of being one sided for this even through it is a whataboutism and irrelevant to the cause of the diplomatic shutdown , both sides , azerbaijan and armenia , committed ethnic cleansing , before , during and after the conflict . 
  unfortunately , until the nagorno-karabakh question is solved , that is not likely . 
  unlike what the poster is saying , rather than armenia using it as leverage , turkey is doing it instead , it is stonewalling discussion on the issue . 
  if they dont , and admit it , they have absolutely no incentive to patch stuff up and allow the various refugees to return to their homes ( plus much like bosnia allowing the serbs to split off sets a terrible precedent ) , so they stonewall discussion so that they at least go through the motions . 
  however , armenians currently say they are two separate conflicts and refuse to understand that honestly what turkey is doing is ( sort of ? ), 
  moral here , as it gives them an incentive to actually solve the issue , rather than what they are currently doing . 
  is weird and complication bullshit realpolitik . 
  basically , this is the one of the few cases where betteridge 's law of headlines does not apply . 
  can you post a source for that , or an explanation ? 
  i would love to hear it , although to be honest , i honestly bet it will sound something like `` the ethnic cleansing of germans was not a genocide either , since they lost the war and they started it '', 
  it 's two tiered . 
  one is purely political as if they admit the genocide armenia has zero incentive to allow the 500k azeri refugees return to their homes in the area occupied surrounding the nkr . 
  the second is they do n't want to end up a genocide bitch like germany is where any foreign policy with armenia they would have to give in completely or get beat on by the international community for not sucking armenia off even if it is super against their interests, 
  except that armenian genocide denial is a bannable offense on this sub, 
  read the carnegie report . 
  they lay it out plain and clear it was planned , also i do n't deny pre planning on turkeys part, 
  no , i do n't call crete a genocide , but i call the balkan wars a genocide . 
  also , you can use the same justifications for the armenian genocide if you wanted to, 
  because it gets into this silly rabbit hole i think . 
  i mean if that is the definition of genocide , then the bulgarians and greeks also committed it during the balkans, 
  you realize that the nazis and finnish prepared to go to war together and planned barbarossa together right ? 
  i forgot the sarcasm tag , but finland and the nazis pretty actively collaborated .
