  [ what about this man ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6120qolsfu ), 
  seriously `` haunted europe '' lets just offer them european membership before they are reunited we care so much !, 
  i have skinny jeans and well fitting clothes . 
  clearly i 'm a secret commy . 
  of course , but there are plenty of ways to also screw up either system too . 
  i mean look at turkey , in theory proportional but with a 10 % threshhold and if your party does not reach the threshhold those votes go to the biggest party . 
  it screws stuff up . 
  and there is the potato joke, 
  however often if it is understandable , if imperfect , there is an attempt to force english . 
  i understand difficulty in communicating causing an attempt to switch to english , but it is often when it is understandable , even if the grammar or word choice that is imperfect , where it gets annoying . 
  this is generally a very scandinavian problem ( and to a certain extent german ) from what i have heard . 
  they want to speak in english and almost dislike it if you speak swedish so you really have to pressure them . 
  this is opposed to say italy or albania or whatever who would love it if you speak their language . 
  plus gender neutrality ie norway is always a good idea . 
  i am all for that , actually . 
  it would have to be paid out via some roundabout system but i think it is fair . 
  migration was likely for the bebers though , does not mean it is impossible for it to survive but with migration to the area it likely would have become the main language , even in the cities eventually . 
  they do realize the equally mandated time is to prevent employment discrimination as the women would end up taking more time off on average thus leading to it making more sense to hire men over women right ? 
  of course , but berber would likely remain the language of the cities , much like there were once a lot of proto-romanians in modern hungary but even if they had not migrated somebody like the slavs would have . 
  news just in today , ham has been elected as the new president of romania , beating out eggs by a 10 % margin . 
  these once political allies under the green party turned against each other after briefly working together under dr. suess, 
  well the plan is to have it disproportionately represented , but to have the federal government weak so it wont have as much of an impact . 
  i mean if we dont allow honest renegotiation of the borders , it is a little different , but if we allowed them to redraw and reorganize the borders as they want and then it failed , there we go , it is on them . 
  the implication i think was it might be dual sovereignty in a similar situation to the federal capital after independence rather than it going straight to the greeks and would be under the greek state , but he would have to clarify further, 
  well one issue straight out the gate is that the representation of languages has a much greater disparity in cyprus than in belgium . 
  roughly 800k in south cyprus , and roughly 150k to 300k in north cyprus , which would include settlers from turkey or not depending on the scenario ( likely any reunification would require them to get citizenship ) . 
  so best case scenario roughly a little under 70-30 , which is much greater than the 60-40 belgium split . 
  additionally , they dont have a common unifier other than geography , belgium has catholicism , turks and greek dont have the same alphabet . 
  i just dont see any sort of government running in the long term that can balance both the rights of turks , and the want to not be ruled by them by the greeks unless the greeks really work towards compromise.i mean it is much better to compare it to a lebanon here than a belgium , which is that it takes good will on both sides otherwise it will devolve into chaos rather quickly . 
  i think a confederation might work , , but you have to find a way to incentivize the greeks to give enough and i think it would entirely depend on how central the central government is . 
  sort of ? 
  i mean look at it this way , you know those classes where you get randomly assigned a group vs picking a group ? 
  assuming that you also could have the groups to be any size you want , so if you wanted to work by yourself you could , would people not generally prefer and work better together in that kind of setup ? 
  because essentially , the borders were assigned somewhat randomly , at least for the purposes of this analogy . 
  til the bangladesh liberation war was a terrible thing . 
  he has talked about opening back up varosha to the greeks , but as a `` bicommunal '' type of settlement rather than as an exclusively greek area , which the annan plan had original envisioned . 
  island is split , northern part is controlled by turkish cypriots , the south is controlled by greeks . 
  historically the populations were mixed together but intercommunal violence to withdraw to their own isolated communities , before a coup in the 1970s to attempt to have the island annexed to greece . 
  turkey intervened via some treaties that allowed it to , if the `` constitution was threatened , '' and both sides fled to the north and the south of the island respectively . 
  turkey then attempted to use the occupation as leverage for political concessions for turks , that failed , north declared independence and turkey started allowing settlers to go to island . 
  then , the eu offered cyprus membership , it agreed , and it was allowed regardless of if political unification happened before then . 
  this is important because a vote for the annan plan , which in summary , basically gave the turks 99 % of what they wanted while the greeks kind of got screwed , failed miserably to get passed in the south , while in the north it passed fairly well . 
  greeks want a non territorial autonomy system for the turks , while currently the current turkish demands are a territorial based autonomy system . 
  this election ousted the pro-independence no compromise leader of the tncr . 
  basically , with this election both sides want reunification , but both have been struggling to find a suitable solution , with turks demanding something along a mix between the original constitution and the annan plan , similar in a lot of ways to lebanon , while the greeks want a full rights but living side by side type model . 
  these are pretty fundamentally incomparable and thus a compromise has not been reached . 
  the new government has talked about giving up good will territory though , which is different from the hard and fast no territory until compromise stance of before . 
  as meidei mentioned , turks in cyprus also are trying to distance themselves from ankara , the new pres stated he wants full lgbt rights , which compared to the mainland is a huge difference in attitude, 
  unfortunately , i just dont see a compromise as very likely . 
  fundamentally , the issue comes from the fact that the greek/southern cypriots , while disliking the status quo , are entirely comfortable with keeping it so if it means deep concessions such as territorial autonomy . 
  with the power of the eu backing them up , they just dont see a reason to break with it if it means changes to their government structure . 
  likewise , turkish cypriots , while internationally isolated , are unwilling to compromise much beyond the annon plan , and see the eu as a barrier to peace here more than anything . 
  the issue is not that neither side is against unification , but they see their demands as all or nothings , thus it will be very hard to find a solution . 
  that is not to say i dont see it happening , but the compromise that it will take currently is seen as unacceptable by both communities, 
  they 're the armenian equivalent of nazis , a bit of an oversimplification but it 's a decent analogy, 
  and if so , the genocide does not extend into the republican era like often claimed, 
  [ the balkan states ] ( http://ieg-ego.eu/en/threads/europe-on-the-road/forced-ethnic-migration/berna-pekesen-expulsion-and-emigration-of-the-muslims-from-the-balkans ) , the death rate was similar to that of the holocaust or armenian genocide . 
  400k suriviors in turkey , 300k refugees , and then roughly 1 or 1.2 deaths , so a good 2/3 death rate . 
  now for the balkan wars genocide , take a pre population of 2.3 mil , then take out the 700k or so for albanians , but give them 100kish deaths , and then you have approximately 1.5 balkans muslims in newly taken territories . 
  it is hard to say for sure , but approximately half or two thirds died during the flight , similar to that of the death rate for the armenian genocide , and there you go . 
  if turkey committed genocide then greece did the same thing during the [ greco-turkish war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_%281919%e2%80%9322%29#greek_massacres_of_turks ), 
  well , there is the point where they sent some of them to the syrian desert , while some where sent toward armenia so it was probably best described as a mix of the both . 
  although the regionalist note is important , as the armenian population of istanbul was not touched as well as a lot of the population among the west coast . 
  it is hard to get an exact population count , we know that armenia took in 300k refugees , and that there were approximately 400k still in turkey post genocide , however , we do know something of a million of them were sent into the desert and died , and that was the intent to send them away from it . 
  it is probably best described as a mix of a genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  seriously , he was absolutely run of the mill for the era when it came to creating nation states , that stance may not be modern but it was not backward for the time period either . 
  uhh , 1.5 is a high end estimate for the armenians , unless you could assyrians as armenians . 
  the likely number was 500k greeks , or 1.2 million armenians , then something along the lines of 200-400k assyrians . 
  really the only way you can push it any higher is if you start thinking the ottoman and persian censuses was incorrect , which is one of those `` yeah ... no '' kind of deals . 
  or seem like massive hypocrite to their turkish minority when they historically did the same type of thing to them but only recognize parts of it as genocide and tend to glance over the pre communist era policies, 
  russians may have thought of them as different but language does not equal culture . 
  for example even though bavaria is more similar to austria linguistically , if you asked a bavarian if they would want to leave germany and join austria they would laugh at you . 
  especially since they were sunni , which is the main dividing line between azeris and turks . 
  considering that turks and azeris consider themselves one people under two different nations , sunni azeri speakers in that region would have associated with the turks more than the azeris . 
  plus , turkcomens was purely religion based in the census, 
  probably samastis , the i does not match vowel harmony and while i am not a native speaker to even all that good , it would be more natural turkish and the others would not have changed as much in turkification, 
  that 's if you subdivide it into ethnic divisions that did not exist back then , such as turkmen and azeri vs turkic which is what they considered themselves . 
  the turkic population was 110k vs 70k armenians , plus , on top of that , it was only after the turkish revolution ended that turkey started to change its position on kurds , but before they considered themselves to be part of the new turkish nation as it was still neo ottoman , and they almost certainly would have preferred to live in a turkish muslim state than an armenian state . 
  throw in another 40k , and have an actual majority , not a plurality of armenians that compose 25 % plus the first republics own estimates said that there were more muslims than armenians and christians, 
  my argument is not that what the ottoman governments did was not genocide , it is that if the republican government also participated in committed genocide , then the greeks also committed genocide, 
  a lot of armenians consider republican turkey to have continued the genocide , i think that it would qualify as somebody ... 
  except that area according to russian censuses was turkish majority ... 
  i never argued it was not , but outside of the symara zone there were constant atrocities against turks, 
  he made a turkish national state from the religion nationality model of the ottoman empire, 
  except it still qualifies , look at the scorched earth policy part . 
  it was meant to destroy the turkish population in an act of revenge for losing . 
  why does it not qualify ? 
  genocides can take place during war, 
  sorry , i was speaking more to the fact that the armenians consider him a continuation of the young turk genocide and is a completely evil piece of shit , it was mostly a rhetorical point . 
  i mean it might qualify as genocide , its one of those up for debate kind of things , but the point is more that the turkish behavior towards the armenians and greeks during the war for independence is not entirely unusual or significant as the greeks and armenians at that point did the same thing . 
  not to say they started the genocide or something that the are equal guilty , but by the time of the turkish war for independence the levels of atrocities of the turkish national government and the greek or armenian government started being of a comparable scale , with turkish nationals committing significantly less and the greeks and armenians really ramping it up . 
  [ the wiki page , while not a be all end all is a good place to start ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_%281919%e2%80%9322%29#greek_massacres_of_turks ), 
  or he realized that it was going to happen either way , even if he sent a stand down order so he at least let the lon know what might happen . 
  i mean seriously , what would you rather have him do , cover it up and pretend it did not happen ? 
  ataturk was far from perfect but if you are going to call the western front genocide you might as well call that atrocities against the muslims of which there were many to be genocide as well, 
  however , we are speaking in a modern context , not a historical context . 
  you made it sound as if a greek sounding name was impossible and i said that it is not at all, 
  it 's one of those things that entirely depends on the day . 
  a lot do not think he was responsible for the genocide , but a lot do think that he is an evil fascist murderer who finished what the young turks started .
