  i 'm usually very glad there are n't more czechs on reddit or elsewhere on the english-speaking internet , because then i can pretend that we do n't have these pathetically provincial people around . 
  then again , perhaps that 's why they completely lack a worldview encompassing a larger area than 100km from their house , maybe it 's a chicken-and-egg situation ... 
  that 's not really surprising when they 're like , what , a third of all cars on our roads . 
  not me i 'm not !, 
  i like history , computer games , non-fiction li ehh fuck it why do i even try . 
  i guess i * could * pretend to be a tourist and only speak english . 
  that could be an interesting excercise , if only it were n't something a total psycho would do . 
  so you guys are telling me i have to go abroad to meet our girls during the mating season . 
  great . 
   is n't communism a forbidden word in czechia like in the rest of former eastern bloc ? 
  not really , it was specifically decided not to ban the party , to give them a chance to transform . 
  its voters are mostly the elderly who reminisce about the good old socialist times , you wo n't see many advocates for world revolution there . 
  to put it bluntly , i think it 's not too far-fetched to expect them to die out with the old generation . 
   here in prague well , there 's your problem . 
  judging by the amount of slovaks at our universities , we wo n't have to , they 'll all move here anyway sooner or later . 
  the population of czechoslovakia in the area of the czech republic , that 's efficiency . 
  yeah , it gets old fast . 
  now get me the pizza , corrupt mario . 
  in wwii the americans stopped at plze\u0148 ( as they agreed with the soviets ) , leaving the rest of the country to be liberated by the soviets . 
  these people are expressing their opinion that had they not stopped and had czechoslovakia not gotten into the eastern sphere of influence , the following 40 years would have been different . 
  i have no idea where they got that number , but there 's no way in hell that 70 % of the population is against the convoy . 
  they literally said the same thing in a previous [ article from 2009 ] ( http://www.pressenza.com/2009/03/the-czech-govt-has-fallenx-a-victory-for-democracyx-disarmament-and-nonviolence/ ) , which was about a permanent military installation , a completely different issue . 
  surely there would be a lot more people than 1500 on the biggest square in the whole country if 70 % percent were against . 
  meh , i do n't think austria can take any credit for that . 
  if anything , austria started industrializing way too late . 
  take that , von habsburgs . 
  i 've said this somewhere before , but if you want to ruin a perfectly fine evening , just ask someone from the former eastern bloc about 20th century history . 
  it 's so frustrating to see stats like these . 
  and you 're not allowed to ever forget it , either . 
  oh , you 're from that eastern european country , right ? 
  you 're slavs , well surely you are basically russians . 
  were n't you part of the soviet union ? 
  and all the english teachers from america back in high school seemed to see themselves as missionaries , spreading civilization to the poor , wild east . 
  it 's just ... sad . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  even in 1950 , czechoslovakia was comparable to any other western country in terms of gdp . 
  then it went completely to shit . 
  the country will never get those 40 years of stifled growth back . 
  i see you want the world to know just how subtle and romantic latvians are . 
  yeah i 'm sure that 's it . 
  what 's your problem with czechia ? 
  it 's perfectly fine in other languages , our own included , so why exclude english . 
  i swear you guys just pulled place names out of a hat when you assigned them . 
  best metric as far as i 'm concerned . 
  always liked this one : how did czechoslovaks find out that the earth was round ? 
  they took a dump on the west and shit came from the east . 
    any of you wave you 're countries ' flags from your home or have flag bumper stickers on your cars ? 
  that 'd be weird . 
  i do n't need to tell other people in sweden that i 'm swedish . 
  this is interesting , because i 've been to dalarna not too long ago , so a pretty rural area with very few non-swedes i 'd say , and it seemed like every house had a swedish flag on it . 
  thought it was weird , precisely for the reason you wrote . 
  just got two of them today from an atm in vienna , had n't even noticed the difference . 
  whoa , you can really read between the lines , ca n't you . 
  i merely said that to point out that it would n't be the first time that convenience trumped ideology . 
  who the fuck are you by the way ? 
  what compels you to shill so hard in this entire thread ? 
  i mean , it 's not like the purity-obsessed nazis had trouble dealing with the japanese , is it ? 
  it 's quite funny that this was your example . 
  well that 's of course the thing - i do n't think we will have those problems . 
  there 's a reason we do n't have them now , and it 's not because of the nationalistic fervor of dutiful czech citizens , which i simply think is out of proportion considering the threat to our way of life or whatever . 
  not sure how important this is , but the question asked was n't about staying in the eu , it was about whether you would vote for entry into the union in the hypothetical scenario that we were n't already there . 
  anyway , this is tough for me . 
  on the one hand , the hysteria in our country about this issue ( that i think has so far been a non-problem for our country specifically ) seems ridiculous to me , on the other hand , most of the people clearly disagree with me and i ca n't see how i could change that . 
  it 's frustrating . 
   and i am not old . 
  if you went to school in czechoslovakia , you 're over 30 . 
  by reddit standards , you might as well be a fossil . 
  if there is any animosity against austrians here , it 's about this . 
  the protests , blockades of border crossings and such . 
  i guess i do n't really see what the big deal is about . 
  are there also austrian protests against nuclear power plants in slovakia , hungary or slovenia ? 
  no kidding , a solid third of my uni classmates were slovaks . 
  not many returning to their home country either . 
  i wonder if that 's already becoming a problem . 
  if you can spare a few minutes , his [ new year 's address ] ( http://old.hrad.cz/president/havel/speeches/1990/0101_uk.html ) from 1990 , only weeks after the fall of the communist government , is worth reading . 
  what 's quite amazing is how in your view this is somehow europe 's doing . 
  as if the turks were devoid of agency . 
  would n't the [ lands ruled by wenceslas iii . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/81/wenceslausiimap-cs.png/1024px-wenceslausiimap-cs.png ) be the greatest extent ? 
  i know it 's technically three kingdoms under a personal union , but then again , brandenburg or austria were also separate lands , just ruled by the same ruler as bohemia . 
  in case you do n't recall or ca n't read a few posts up , you stated that our ancestors fighting the ottomans a couple hundred years ago was somehow a reason to be wary of muslims . 
  i claim that using the ottomans to justify being wary of muslim immigrants or refugees is moronic and shows you know nothing about history , but sure , deflect some more . 
  well no , my point was , is there actually anyone claiming otherwise about mozart ? 
  unless there are some hardcore salzburger separatists around that i have n't noticed . 
  i 've heard this said about beethoven , sure , but why would n't austria claim mozart ? 
  what are you on about , how were the austrians any better with the forced recatholicization and germanisation of czechs . 
  i 'm sure that was a fully equal relationship . 
  besides , the point was n't that ottomans were great , it 's that they were n't even shitty in the way you want them to . 
  they were n't a big bad theocracy hell-bent on spreading islam , just another imperial power with its own political ambitions . 
  etymology checks out . 
  my ancestors also encountered the swedes in the thirty year 's war ( you know , an * actual * religious war ) , as they burned and pillaged their way across central europe . 
  do n't seem to be wary of protestants . 
  taking a multi-ethnic empire that was in general more tolerant to its religious minorities than its christian european counterparts and trying to connect it to today 's islamic extremism is a crime against history . 
  there 's a legitimate debate to be had here , but people who try to take the historical angle usually just end up looking [ ridiculous ] ( https://cdn.i0.cz/public-data/55/1d/09bec2923bc8a85edf7bd3f5817b_w1200_h800_gd63ca2ea8d4a11e5b6cc002590604f2e.jpg ) ... 
  well duh ... that 's the whole point of stealth . 
  stupid sentimental value is exactly what i would call it . 
  if you do n't like the name , that 's obviously fine , but do n't pretend to have a reason other than habit or your subjective opinion of how it sounds , in which case do n't presume to speak for ` us czechs ' . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i dislike zeman as much as the next guy , but surely you ca n't seriously believe the reason for this change is him being drunk , so i * do * wonder why you are triggered . 
  eh i guess it depends , you said you were in falun and it 's not surprising that in such a small city and in common housing the erasmus people stick together more , sometimes literally . 
  i was in vienna and in bigger cities there 's way more to do besides erasmus parties .
