i think it 's the pronunciation , you use a lot of sz , cz , rz and stuff , and we do as well of course , but we have \u0161 , \u010d and \u0159 , and they 're not pronounced quite the same way . 
  it 's just that to me , your way sounds , well , a bit gay , 
  i understand the sentiment to drop the pretense , but i do n't think this is the way to do it . 
  surely a person can be honest without being demeaning or rude . 
  and i guess what bothers me the most about this is that it 's simply useless , there 's nothing constructive about being vulgar . 
  it just lowers the already low bar of the level of political discourse and everyone is left worse off than before . 
  it really boils down to what you said , and you 're definitely not alone , seeing as he was voted in and still has a lot of supporters - there 's this idea that politicians are * up there * and that * they * need to be shown by * us down here * , and that when he does it for us by calling their actions moronic , he 's somehow helping us . 
  and i just do n't think that way , i think politicians have a job like any other and they can be good or bad at it ( some very much so ) , and maybe i 'm being naive here , but i think most actually care about the job and are n't in it just for the money . 
  it seems far too easy to blame all the problems of the country on malicious politicians . 
  it depends on how much of a cynic you are . 
  aw , i did n't mean it in a bad way . 
  and it was n't about drinking beer , it was about being permanently drunk . 
  what is there to applaud for ? 
  of course he can say whatever he wants , he does n't have to prove that . 
  but he was elected to do a serious , dignified job and he 's doing things that make him seem rude and childish . 
  i do n't want my president to be an angsty teenager who wants to upset others just for the hell of it . 
  i do n't think there 's any respect to be gained from talking like you just crawled out of a manhole . 
  that 's some thin ice you 're walking on , talking about national stereotypes , being austrian and all that , 
  i do n't think i actually ever heard a true slovak easterner speak in that infamous dialect . 
  but it goes both ways , there are czech dialects that even i have trouble understanding . 
  usually some mixture of german , polish and czech , like the devil 's tongue that is spoken around jablunkov . 
  it requires some familiarity to understand them perfectly . 
  ha , i checked google before posting . 
  i think i heard it from jerry holkins , of penny arcade fame . 
  to me , polish sounds funny and also surprisingly stereotypically gay . 
  about two months ago i spent a 4 hour flight to reykjav\u00edk sitting in front of three poles about my age ( so early twenties ) . 
  i understood the topic of their conversation and some of the things they said , but generally not much . 
  they were also incredibly obnoxious ( shouting loudly and drinking alcohol , which the stewardess later took from them , on a night flight where people wanted to get a few hours of sleep ) , but that 's a different matter . 
  also , my friend from ostrava ( near the polish border ) told me once that he met a polish guy on a bicycle asking for directions . 
  my friend understood him perfectly and started explaining in czech , but the pole demanded they speak english . 
  with slovaks it 's very simple , we speak czech , they speak slovak , and unless one speaks a weird dialect or lives a very sheltered life , there are no problems . 
  it also helps that tons of young slovaks come to our universities ( an increasingly problematic matter for slovakia ) , so you never get out of practice . 
  when he announced his candidacy for president , i thought , well , at least it wo n't be boring . 
  but he 's really just embarrassing himself now . 
  i thought the entire purpose of the office of the president in our country was dignified representation of the country abroad ( the pm has the power here ) , turns out it 's just a soapbox for an individual 's cretinous ideas . 
  still , he was voted in by the people . 
  it reflects well on them . 
  and it 's not like the alternative was bad , either . 
  but why choose an experienced ex-foreign minister when you can get this guy straight out of a pub . 
  far right austrians ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  nah , we 're just fine over here . 
  i do n't think i know anyone who wants to leave for good . 
  some people study abroad for a year or longer , some stay there for a bit to make some money , get some `` world experience '' and come back . 
  of course things could be better here , and having the strongest european economy right next to us reminds us of that daily , but when you look at all those european statistics , and also anecdotally from my visits to other european countries , for all the shit talk about our politicians and all the bullshit complaints about our country being an `` absurdistan '' / `` bananistan '' or whatever , we 're fucking fine . 
  i do n't doubt it 's probably different east and south of here , just giving my thoughts on all this as a citizen of a random ex - eastern bloc country . 
  my friend complained to me just today that there were tens of kilometres of shrubland where cycle routes were supposed to be in italy ( he and his girlfriend went to venice on bicycles ) , so perhaps it 's not all finished yet . 
  what would you expect , flying to sydney is like twice as expensive as to berlin . 
  i 'm flying to iceland in two days . 
  if the ongoing eruptions fuck up my plans , i 'm declaring war on nature . 
  oh i know , i speak a language with sensible pronunciation rules . 
  i was just mocking english for not being one of them . 
  but seriously , is the `` oo '' pronounced the way it is in `` door '' , or is it more like `` blood '' ? 
  perhaps `` doom '' ? 
  what a language . 
  yeah , i ca n't think of a single other thing it could be . 
  neither do i , after all , about a third of my classmates are slovaks . 
  it 's just that i thought the stereotype was more prevalent . 
  i 'm glad it is n't . 
  i 'm a bit surprised , as the stereotype i hear the most about the slovaks is their nationalism ( thus perhaps arrogance ) . 
  not that i 'm complaining , after all , we * are * the most compassionate country ( as voted by us ) . 
  you 're forgetting the whole `` czechoslovakia is not worth the bones of a single british grenadier '' thing which preceded that . 
  except the demographics of austria-hungary have changed . 
  hungarians would be most numerous , then czechs , then austrians . 
  going by history , the state would now be hungary-czechia . 
  not sure you would like that . 
  no , but i did inform my local fascist junta . 
  i agree . 
  it just kills me a little whenever we 're described as eastern european . 
  it throws us together in with belarus and russia , which only reflects reality if you live 25 years in the past . 
  i think central europe is a much more suitable term . 
  it also reflects us not being exactly western . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  if what you have to say about russians is that at least they are not nazis , that 's not much . 
  i have no illusions about our history with the germans . 
  i just said that most of our history * was with the germans * , indeed , very little of our pre-20th century history concerns anything east of us . 
  yet somehow , we are associated with russians . 
  when the soviets came , they were greeted as liberators . 
  that was before people realized they were n't in the business of bringing liberty . 
  they brought totalitarianism , corruption , stupid ideas about the economy . 
  a regime that consistently brought out the worst in people . 
  the soviet space program is a nice example of a noble human endeavour infected by the toxic regime . 
  focusing on the technological advances in military and space technology while forgetting to mention the costs to the population ( consumer goods , living conditions ) is disingenuous . 
  there should n't have only been a choice between the insane ( nazi ) and the terrible ( soviet ) . 
  why not just leave us alone . 
  sure , it 's where germans came to love fries during the great potato harvest of 1772 . 
  they love them some pommes . 
  that 's a very bad analogy . 
  unless you really are suggesting that the difference between paris and prague is like the one between el paso and dallas . 
  america is big . 
  the distances are much larger there . 
  if i were to travel 1000 km from kansas city ( close to the middle of the country ) , i could get to houston tx , montgomery al , columbus oh , detroit mi , bismarck nd , denver co or albuquerque nm . 
  if i go 1000 km from prague , i can get to london , paris , rome , skopje , iasi , minsk , riga , stockholm . 
  i know which one i 'd choose for travelling and getting to know the world . 
  i can sort of understand where you are coming from , but i hope you do n't feel your view is actually justified . 
  saying we 're like russians is like saying you 're basically swedish , except far more insulting . 
  to the majority here , russians are poor steppe people who have an alcohol problem and can not grasp the idea of representative government . 
  i think poles have a similar opinion . 
  speaking of poles , not to be mean to them , but seeing them as more western than us is another kick in the balls . 
  maybe it 's caused by their active admiration of america .
