  one of the main problems with direct democracy is that many of today 's decisions ca n't be reduced to a simple `` yes '' or `` no '' ( or in and out for that matter ) . 
   apparently , if there are a range of choices , people tend to go for what is perceived to be in the middle of those choices . 
  that 's interesting . 
  makes sense though . 
  it always depends on the university . 
  some are relatively strict , in my university it is completely fine . 
  i do n't think that the line you are drawing here is accurate . 
  we are talking about different kinds of uncertainty here . 
  as you outlined in a previous comment :  efta is actually a very flexible arrangement and the efta agreement does not require a particular model for how to deal with the eu or the rest of the world . 
  this is somewhat similar with the eu . 
  the eu has always been wip and it will always be . 
  however you at least know basic things about the relationship . 
  the eu will not suddenly turn direction . 
  neither will the efta . 
  it is possible that things change long-term but this will be a steady change . 
  it is different if you have to decide between three models that are somewhat different . 
  if you decide for an fta , you will roughly know in what direction things are going , no matter how it will turn out , no matter how the specifics are . 
  it wo n't become similar to an efta relationship or even eu membership . 
  -- -- -- sidenote : what would you personally think about follow-up questions in the referendum ? 
  like : `` if you voted in , please specify : '' * i want to maintain the current relationship with the eu * i want to stay in the eu but i would like to see the eu moving towards federalization * i want to stay but i want no further integration * i want to stay but i want a transfer of power back to the national states `` if you voted out , please specify : '' * the uk should join efta * the uk should seek complete independence from the eu * the uk should seek an fta with the eu . 
  * ... ( you get the point ), 
  the difference is that the `` in '' side can see very well what it can expect . 
  yes , the different approaches in terms of risk evaluation pose a problem , but i think this is manageable through the initial clauses of ttip banning cases based on environmental protection . 
  ceta has established wide exceptions for areas of this kind . 
  i simply quoted pm v aus because it shows how things can very well go differently from the public expectation , no matter the reasons . 
  if you listened to the anti-ttip crowd in the last year , it sounded like pm already won that case . 
  suing through subsidiaries in general is a debated topic and many players are advocating for banning these mechanisms . 
  pm v. uruguay is yet another case that affects more than the public health . 
  widely unnoticed , pm claims that it actually is a case of discrimination , which is not unwarranted . 
  uruguay enacted legislation banning the sale of more than one brand per producer . 
  pm obliged with that , the biggest uruguayan tobacco producer was allowed to split its brands and continue selling various versions . 
  but i am certain that we will see a case of this kind purely focused at health regulation in the near future . 
  pm has a lot of cases in the pipes , more and more countries are thinking about implementing plain packaging laws . 
  i am not that concerned because i have trust in the existence of a legal way to circumvent these problems . 
   with ttip coming , which the eu will be a member of , i really doubt there will not be free trade between the eu and the uk . 
  ttip is between the us and the eu , how does the uk play into this ? 
   why are german and french politicians against it ? 
  because it decreases the power of the eu . 
  the uk might not be ruling the world anymore , but they are still a very powerful player . 
  and thus , it decreases our own power through the eu . 
  additionally , even if it might seem different at times , the uk and germany are closer than germany and southern europe in many policy areas . 
  the uk leaving would cause a shift of power inside the eu . 
   efta was not right for the uk in the 1970s , but that does not mean it is not right for the uk in the 2010s . 
  i was focusing more on the message this would send . 
  it is of course very possible that it could be the right setting for you . 
  it just seems a bit weird . 
   if people are unsatisfied then the normal rules of democracy apply . 
  they can elect a party that wants to change the outcome . 
  or a party can decide to have a referendum on it . 
  that 's how we make decisions in a democracy , you can never satisfy everyone !, 
  fair point , but in this special case you would have a majority that would be dissatisfied . 
  lets say the referendum goes 60/40 in favour of leaving . 
  the `` out '' side is split in 20 % fta 20 % efta and 20 % eea . 
  assume that you settle for eea , you would leave the `` in '' side dissatisfied plus likely a good portion of the fta advocates and probably a part of the efta advocates . 
  which means that you have effectively made a decision that 70 % of the population dislikes ( more or less ) . 
  and there is no solution for that . 
   you could n't join nafta uk confirmed north american . 
  i have yet to see an isds case used as an argument that is not misquoted or simplified to a degree that it ignores important parts ( / u/savannajeff being the only exception ) . 
  ethyl corp. v. canada was settled , unfortunately we do not have a judgement on the case . 
  however there are indicators that the law was [ driven by protectionism ] ( http://media.leidenuniv.nl/legacy/the-impact-of-investor-state-dispute-settlement-isds-in-the-ttip.pdf ) ( p. 43 ) . 
  the ban is a bit tricky as it was effectively a discriminatory measure due to the fact that the production of mmt was still allowed in canada , just the cross-border trade was banned . 
  additionally , the law was successfully challenged in canadian ( ! ), 
  courts by canadian provinces . 
  this happened * before * the isds case was settled . 
   canada is n't as big as the uk , admittedly , but it is n't tiny either . 
  i 'm a fan of the precautionary principle , but that is n't how the us approaches regulation , and it wo n't be how the uk can approach it either , if they enter into an isds agreement with the us . 
  i suspect that isds will kill ttip in europe , but i think the uk will end up adopting it . 
  and maybe you think not being able to ban things you suspect to be cancer causing , or neurotoxins is n't a loss of sovereignty , but i disagree . 
  i have yet to see a case where a law that did nothing but protect health was overturned . 
  in pretty much every case regarding this topic , other factors played a deciding role in the decision . 
  pm v. australia ( plain packaging ) , one of the most frequently quoted cases for `` showing how isds interferes with useful consumer protection '' , was very recently decided in favour of australia for example . 
   i 'm not sure i understand what you mean by that . 
  no sarcasm , i really do n't . 
  i meant pretty much what i followed up with - other countries not wanting to enter the eu should not serve as a reason for a country to leave if the reasons for this stance are as diverse as here . 
   growing anti-eu is becoming huge in france and the netherlands , the uk in on the verge of leaving not just in these countries . 
   that 's not a convincing answer at all . 
  i would say it is a somewhat convincing argument . 
  we just saw how the temporary border closures have impacted the eu economy . 
  actually , it is pretty much the only reason why i would like the uk to leave - i would * love * to see how a country develops outside the eu . 
  as you said , it is all assumptions for now , we have no definite way of measuring whether the eu actually benefits us or not . 
   did it bring a solution or improved the situation ? 
  the question is : can the eu be expected to bring a solution here ? 
   do eu people plan on rethinking about the policies they 've been implementing in these past 25 years ? 
  i 'd like to give that back to the national governments . 
  why should the eu do that ? 
  every national government has the power of rethinking the enacted laws . 
  whether it will pass is another story , but i do not see many attempts of doing this honestly . 
  you are making it sound like isds is a tool that is exclusively used and advocated by the us . 
  the uk is responsible for more isds claims than the us ( per capita ) . 
  especially when you consider the current lineup of presidential candidates - pretty much all of them are critical towards trade agreements and isds in specific . 
  the us likely has as much interest in isds as the uk . 
   how comfortable will you be giving up your sovereignty to us cooperate interests ? 
  this is a very weak attack . 
  there is no evidence that the souverignty of states as big as the uk is unjustly affected by isds . 
   they could very well be wrong now . 
  but that is a very shitty argument to make in my opinion . 
  these people have also been correct with a lot of things , so we should not praise them infallible but we also should not dismiss their opinion just because they have been wrong in the past . 
  i think it is unjust to transfer the decisionmaking . 
  various countries have different reasons for not wanting to become eu members/getting out . 
   from a german advocating the brexit side i am not really advocating for it .
