   just kidding is n't german public transport always on time or is that just an old stereotype ? 
  the buses tend to be on time , generally speaking . 
  our railway network is currently underoging major maintenance and more trains are delayed ( plus a bit of flooding in some parts of germany ) . 
  currently , only 75 % of long-distance trains and 94 % of short-distance trains are running on time ( less than 5 min delayed ) . 
  either find some valid criticism on the numbers or shut up about it . 
  what you are doing is speculation without any factual foundation . 
  the eu does not get money out of thin air . 
  it would essentially be the same as today , payed by the nation states through the eu . 
  the only thing that could change is that countries could find themselves financing the benefits in other countries . 
  i think we will see neither . 
  but all of us can do nothing but guess . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  i explicitly included 2010 as the starting date of the euro crisis . 
  who would even contest that this is one of the major reasons why the uk could not perform . 
  it really does not matter why the uk could not perform , it matters * that * they could not perform when asked about that three year period . 
  also : for a `` failed currency '' , it is pretty stable . 
  not really . 
  spain , italy and france are representing roughly the same european region ( aka southern europe ) . 
  germany has central europe , poland has eastern europe . 
  there is n't another eastern european country that could combat poland in power speaking long-term . 
  of course . 
  i am not opposed to what the ecb did . 
  the tools of a central bank are limited , at a certain point , it becomes the job of the governments to do more . 
  take the cc for example . 
  because poland has more inhabitants than the whole of scandinavia . 
  they still have incredible potential for growth and they can become the leading power of a whole european bloc ( ee ) . 
  in my opinion , poland is set to become a major political power in europe at some point . 
  no matter what happens right now . 
  a lot happened since the end of the soviet union and a lot happened since poland joined the eu . 
  a lot can happen in the future . 
  so i would at least not rule out that poland will eventually rise in importance , even though i am deeply concerned by the current developments in the country . 
   i ca n't ever imagine germany taking a sideline . 
  given that everyone looks at us when things get tricky , unlikely . 
  however , we did spend more time on the sidelines prior to the years 2006/2007 . 
  when merkel steps down at some point ( probably within the next five years ) , there will be a vacuum of power in europe as her successor will not be able to fill her shoes immediately . 
  if france ( or someone else ) is in the position to reclaim power then , germanys role will be lessened . 
  if the other countries continue to be weak however , we will see further german dominance in europe . 
   though they have n't shied away from the role . 
  well , fortunately . 
  europe without leadership would be a giant mess . 
  the leadership does n't need to be german though . 
   being at the top seems to be working well for germany . 
  europe needs a little less germany and a little more france/italy / ( poland ) though . 
  it is not good for the eu if we constantly have our way , and it also is n't always good for us . 
  it has always worked best when germany and france worked together as equal partners . 
  unfortunatly , france is miles away from being able to fulfill that role and italy is n't there either yet . 
  well , core inflation has been around one percent for a whole year now . 
  fair enough . 
  the mandate of the boe goes beyond the one of the ecb however . 
  fair point , but nevertheless , the economic situation in europe has been very volatile until 2013 . 
  it pretty much took until 2013 to recover from the crisis in the more stable parts of europe . 
  in fact , 2014 was the first year where the uk surpassed its gdp of 2007 ( in usd ) . 
  exactly . 
  unfortunately , qe has n't been a resounding success so far in combatting deflation . 
  well , you are absolutely correct . 
  but there can hardly be a longer period of time than the mentioned three and a half years given the aftermath of 2008/2010 . 
  nothing about generosity . 
  all about rule of law . 
  it is not just one target , controlling inflation is the main target of ecb policy . 
  contrary to the anglosphere , the ecb is not meant to keep employment up . 
  also , the two percent target is set by the ecb itself . 
  the target used to be between zero and two percent instead of a fixed aim for two percent in the early days of the euro anyways . 
  given the route his plane took , it is very unlikely since the sources claimed that he was already in german airspace . 
   why should it be profitable ? 
  if the state can not afford it , it is necessary to be profitable . 
   how could it only be 45mn ? 
  does it involve a large pension deficit or something ? 
  the greek railway is probably the most inefficient , expensive railway in the developed world . 
   i feel heartbroken for the greek people . 
  i wish this garage sale would just be stopped . 
  about a decade back , a greek minister claimed that it would be cheaper to transfer all train passengers by taxi . 
  and this was deemed to be somewhat believable . 
  it is time that his shitty business gets on track . 
  the state is incapable of fixing the problems or investing into it . 
  given that many parties indicated that they would only buy the greek railway if they were given additional money for it , this is an okay deal i guess . 
  let 's hope they manage to improve the services and make it profitable again . 
  at least talking about germany , tuition here is free anyways . 
  even for non-eu citizens . 
   does n't germany have tested lowest credit card / debit card acceptance in terms western world ? 
  and that 's for multiple transactions a day . 
  not unlikely . 
  daily business is often done in cash here . 
  cheques however have disappeared almost entirely . 
   it 's probably to much of a hassle to set up direct deposit if they are only gon na work 2-3 days on site and that 's it well , it works in the rest of the world . 
  getting payed with a check is pretty much unheared of here . 
   tl ; dr it 's just a phrase . 
  i am aware of this . 
  i just wanted to show why i am not able to find the relevant article  thanks anyways !, 
   that could be the exception . 
  what about blue collar work in general ? 
  well , it might be influenced by your personal environment and the kind of work you do . 
  nevertheless , paychecks are still a lot more common than they are in europe . 
  in the first decade of this millennium , the us was pretty much the only highly developed country where the volume of cheque payments increased . 
  i would love to link you a source ( i know that there is a reliable one ) but searching on google just yields various articles about people living `` paycheck to paycheck '' . 
   so maybe the uk is just a few years behind ? 
  i would argue that it is more a mentality thing . 
  on the other side , you severely lack behind on your wage payments ( who the fuck still uses pay checks ? 
  talking about germany , splitting is not an issue if you are paying cash , as most people over here do . 
  it will be on a single bill , but the two ( or more ) parties will pay separately . 
  hence the difficulties if you try to pay a split bill with card payments .
