  trumps more recent statements have said otherwise and congress will never allow that . 
  your politicans and elite think otherwise . 
  there are differences between north stream and south stream ( which germany supported by the way ) . 
  they wo n't do that . 
  it benefits them too much in terms of influence . 
  the us operates these bases here because these things cant be done from america . 
  inaccurate . 
  the us could literally cut its military budget by 30 % and not much would change for the mentioned countries . 
  fact is that you are spending a shitload of money on stuff that is simply not required , mainly for political and economical reasons . 
  congress keeps buying tanks despite the army stating that they do not need more tanks . 
  you keep building ( two more ) zumwalts despite the marine saying that they are useless . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  this is completely unrelated to the comment that i just wrote . 
  i talked about us troops in germany , and for them what i wrote is accurate . 
  of course germany needs to spend more , there is no disagreement about that . 
  but i refuse to accept the us threatening us . 
  i think this is asking way too much for two months . 
  germany for example has n't even really decided what to do yet and this wo n't happen before the election in september . 
  merkel can not promise anything as she does n't know whether she will stay in office . 
  apart from that - thea annual milestone suggestion is , again , kind of pointless . 
  what happens if you do n't fulfill a milestone ? 
  nothing . 
  exactly . 
  i have not claimed that you can spend it on military . 
  it helps a great deal however since it balances out other spending . 
  if germany recieved 100 bn annually from the eu , it would be much easier for us to spend 70 billions on military than it is now when we are actually paying over 14.3 bn . 
  into the eu . 
  i am not denying that this money is worth every cent , but still . 
  you get what i mean . 
   the outrage does not seem mandated here . 
  it is not the request itself , it is the manner of the request . 
  setting deadlines of this kind simply is n't very polite . 
   germany should have the power and the right to demands similar things of the us and other allies when they sign an agreement as well . 
  imagine germany setting a 2 month deadline for anything climate-related to the us . 
  this would be an outcry of epic proportions . 
   why do n't you explain to me instead why it seems that these countries that have these bases do n't ask the u.s. to leave . 
  simple . 
  because us interest aligns with european interests quite frequently . 
  nobody forces the us to spend these amounts on military either . 
  we are not running a 8.5 % surplus in relation to gdp . 
  the federal government had a surplus of around 6.2 billions in 2016 - to achieve 2 % we would need to spend over 35 billions more annually . 
  you are confusing budget with gdp . 
  from germany ? 
  good joke . 
  there are no us troops for country defence in germany . 
  the us troops that are here serve american interests . 
  they do not even have the equipment required for country defence here . 
  i do not think everything is well . 
  but if you comment `` that only germany is benefitting '' under an article about decreasing unemployment , this is worth mentioning . 
   as we all know , organisations do n't work unless you all put in a fair share . 
  germany spends a fair share on the funding of nato as an organisation . 
  the military spending is not really about that . 
  especially not considering that the only reason why the us spends that much is n't nato , it is that they want to spend this much . 
  i can not comment on that . 
  it depends on where you live i guess . 
  we had a british base in the city where i went to school and many of the soldiers had their family in that city , so they spent their money on groceries etc. 
  like any other family . 
  in other cities , the us army operates larger shopping centers that are only accessible for us soldiers , where you do n't pay taxes and where the currency is usd . 
  there are also several taco bell restaurants on us bases , while we do n't even have that fast food chain in germany . 
  again , barnier has denied the allegations . 
   that does n't matter , it spend the 2 % it promised , that 's what matters . 
  it is rather easy to spend 2 % , if you get more than that money `` for free '' in other areas . 
  if germany would recieve 100 bn annually from the eu , it would not trouble us to spend 2 % either . 
   your size is irrelevant . 
  actually it is n't . 
  if you are a small country , spending this much is essential to have even the basics of a military that can do * something * . 
  germany is a bit unique due to its history , but still : the us gets subsidies when they build their military bases over here , they get direct subsidies for operating them , they get money from us if they close their bases . 
  their soldiers are n't paying taxes here ( not even vat ) and we area also paying for them if they cause damage here ( for example car accidents ) . 
   the us is basically nato . 
  they have the power to pull the plug , they have the power to practically suspend members . 
  this is an empty threat . 
  the us can not afford to do that , too much is at stake for their own interests . 
   what 's ridiculous is not doing what you promised time and time again , while decieving people as if they were some sort of simple fools . 
  2 % as a fixed target until 2024 is a relative recent agreement . 
  until then , it was nothing but a target to aim for . 
  nothing legally binding . 
  and quite frankly , germany has spent ridiculous amounts of money for military over decades in the cold war . 
   it 's fine to spend less than what you promised , you can just leave nato . 
  but that 's not what you want is it ? 
  you want the cake but not contribute anything . 
  in that case the one paying for the cake ( us ) should take your slice and give it to someone who 's willing to do something in return . 
  this defeats the point of nato . 
  the 2 % target is completely artificial anyways . 
  what matters is that you have a functioning and capable military , that you can actually fulfill tasks and help other countries . 
  2 % is just chosen for the lack of a better way to measure this . 
  and let 's not pretend that the us would spend a cent less on military if europe was spending 2 % . 
  leverage , yes . 
  but setting such a deadline is ridiculous and presumptuous . 
  the us is not the nato , they have neither the power nor the right to do this . 
  a ) this would effectively kill nato and the us does not hold the power to do that . 
  b ) this suggestion is ridiculous, 
  estonia spends less on its military than it gets funds from the eu ... 
  then what ? 
  it 's not up to the us to dictate this . 
   to be fair , i do n't support the single mandate . 
  this is not a question that is up for debate currently . 
  the ecb needs to stick to its mandate . 
  i am sure that there are good arguments against that single madate , but the ecb should not adapt to this on its own , the ez countries need to decide this in the treaties . 
  but given germany 's position on this , nothing will come from it . 
   there is a feeling in the rest of the ez that germany monetary needs are taken more seriously than those of the eurozone 's other member nations .
