   they have that interest , because i believe investing in greece on the long term will proof profitable to the entire eurozone ( and stability plus future prospects of the whole eu ) , it just saddens me that they do n't pursue it . 
  it is just extremely unpopular to pursue . 
  politicians think in terms of four or five years , until the next election . 
  such improvements as the mentioned unfortunately do n't play that much of a role as they are not quickly reached or visible . 
  `` we helped greece towards a better system that will allow them to start repaying us in 20 years '' is a lot worse when talking to voters than saying `` greece had to cut pensions right now , so we get our money back '' . 
  the pension payments per recipient in greece are above the level of the like of spain , portugal and slovenia , all of which have a higher gdp per capita ( also in ppp ) than greece . 
  since the average pension is , as you say 650 $ and greece pensioners , even before the cuts , had a risk of 30 % of poverty and social execlusion , you have to ask yourself where all the money is lost . 
  one important factor is , [ according to eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/pdf/themes/04_pensions.pdf ) , that the average duration of the working life in greece is amongst the lowest in europe , at 32.1 years ( compared to almost 40 in denmark ) . 
  i dont advocate for cutting pensions to an inhumane level , however there is cleary money going to waste in your system and that needs fixing . 
  a demographic problem is interesting when it forces you to use a lions share of your budget for pensions , on a level way above other european states . 
  true , the lenders want sustainable levels short-term , however they also have an interest that the greek budget situation wont turn for the worse in the years to come . 
   how relevant is that fact for the present situation , where they need a deal in a matter of weeks ? 
  if greece manages to stay in the euro , it is very much in the interest of the lenders that greeces pension payments ( which are the highest in europe after all in terms of percentage of budget ) go ` back ' to a level that is sustainable for the greek government ( i am aware that greece has a demographic problem ) . 
  oh i am pretty aware they are somewhat above the government . 
  however as i wrote in my reply to watergeuzen , the court can not issue a general ban on pension cuts , as long as the pension allows the people a `` decent life '' , the government is free to cut them . 
  unfortunately greece really lacks a constitutional court . 
  i just listed the most obvious solution for cases of this kind . 
  there have to be other possibilities and greece will probably not stay in deflation forever . 
  then again , nothing that will be legal and constitutional will really satisfy the troika as there are no ways for immediate cuts . 
  also , the court does not have the right to modify the law . 
  it can either say it is constitutional or unconstitutional . 
  while 1.5 billion in cuts might be unconstitutional , 1 billion might be constitutional , depending on how the court defines `` decent life '' . 
  it would be wrong to see the ruling as a ban for all pension cuts . 
  without knowing about the exact reasons of your court - pension cuts will never be unconstitutional by law per se . 
  the way it was done was illegal , however , that does not mean that there are no possibilities of reducing pensions ( freezing them and let inflation do the work amongst the possibilities ) . 
   as reported by reuters , the court ruled the 2012 cuts violated greek law and the european convention on human rights , because they deprived pensioners of the right to a decent life . 
  with that reasoning they can prevent the state from issuing extreme cuts , however i have my doubt that they can force the government to increase it . 
   if it was n't , people would n't always mention that back in 1960 or whatever bavaria used to receive transfers . 
  i disagree . 
  it just shows that you dont have to be on the recieving end forever . 
  if a state turns from a net recipient to a net payer , it is already a huge success . 
   then it also does n't hurt them much if the transfers stop . 
  just because the amounts are not overly large doesnt mean that they are not useful or necessary . 
  guess what - while i am sorry for your loss , we also lost family/ancestors . 
  yes , we provoked it , but many people who didnt support the regime died aswell . 
  it was freaking 70 years ago and no money in the world will bring anyone back . 
  i highly doubt that you are affected in any way by what happened 70 years ago ( drectly )  syriza dont speak about that because now we got a council for this who decides . 
  unfortunately the council has not more power than syriza . 
  whatever result the council comes to - they have no power to enforce anything . 
  they will still have to go to the ecj and sue germany , the judges will make their own decision . 
  well , it is not like we dont have a military at all and we also took part in afghanistan . 
  i agree that a better funding of the army is probably needed and required and could be expected from us , however pacifism is not bad * per se * ( unless it is fundamental pacifism , opposing all forms of arms , this is just not realistic for us today ) . 
  so what ? 
  this is not about keeping a ` balance ' . 
  the initial funding towards bavaria certainly helped it becoming what it is today . 
  besides berlin , nobody has really recieved exceedingly large amounts of money ( compared to the economy of that federal state and berlin has to bear special expenses due to being the capital ) . 
  i find myself sympathizing with the suggestion of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg - turning berlin into a special district directly funded by the government like washington d.c. 
  if you are studying maths and electronics , one should assume that you are educated enough for this field of study - basic education is not limited to the fields you are going to have in the university . 
  the basic education is the most important as everybody attends it ( optimal scenario ) , no matter the social or economic standing , no matter the intelligence . 
   the eu has practically benefited no one no ? 
  i think free travel , erasmus , free trade of goods and a single currency are pretty awesome , even with the flaws . 
  the eu has pushed for more consumer rights in almost every area , the non-discrimination laws based on sexuality , race , gender etc. 
  that are in place now are all work of the eu ( i know there have been laws of this kind before , the eu took it a step further ) . 
  we had peace for 70 years now , unprecedented in previous times . 
  europe is , for the first time in centuries , speaking with one voice ( mainly ) in many areas , improving the power and standing greatly . 
  we see unprecedented increases in joint research and developments . 
  germany might be the one benefitting the most in terms of economy , this however does not say that no other country has economic advantages , plus the non-economic advantages are universal . 
  and i just covered a minority of the advantages of the eu . 
  go troll somewhere else . 
   additionally , wealthy countries are now flooded with poorer migrants which brings down the economy further , and that 's not even counting the african filth that the eu body wants to relocate even though most nations do n't want them . 
  i dont see migrants ` bringing down our economy ' . 
  refugees are not exactly benefitial to an economy , true , but that has never been the point of it . 
  my point is that it is not ` clean ' high german , no offence intended . 
  and no , it doesnt matter . 
  i was just answering the question whether dialect-speaking germans know how to speak ` standart ' german without any judgement . 
  honestly , i could not care less about someone having a dialect . 
  unless someone is speaking in a really hardcore dialect , you will be able to communicate just fine . 
   and i 'm sure german dialect-speaking people also know how to speak standard german , do n't they ? 
  somewhat true , however you can always tell where they are from . 
  even if they are trying to speak the dialect-free german . 
  also , some expressions are so common that they are hard to suppress . 
  spiegel is regularily linked here in this subreddit . 
  so i guess 70 % of / r/europe are fascists by that logic . 
  how did we actually get here ? 
  all i did was pointing out that the survey was conducted before the mentioned headlines . 
  of course sch\u00e4ubles opinion influences the public opinion , in fact , many people like the fact that he is taking a hard position like this . 
  still , i think it is a difference between sch\u00e4uble talking about a grexit , given the reputation and history he has and merkel saying it , having been a lot more friendly towards greece compared to sch\u00e4uble . 
  the impact of merkels decision can actually not be underestimated if you keep in mind that she has over 70 % approval rating and many people are just voting for her party because of her . 
  not very friendly = not friendly at all . 
  if you have a look at the headlines in the picture , you will see that all of them are about merkel . 
  yes , sch\u00e4uble threatened with grexit and whatever , yet even sch\u00e4uble ( generally ) has to do what merkel wants . 
  it is not up to mr. sch\u00e4uble to throw greece out of the euro . 
  we also had a lot of backbenchers saying that you should throw greece out of the euro pretty much since the crisis started . 
  some of your ministers also said stuff that was later corrected by tsipras . 
  the head of the state is a totally different level . 
  i am actually more afraid of what happens after putin than what putin does currently . 
  i did never say that nor should anyone believe that . 
  you have to be a fool to believe that our media was very friendly towards greece , its citizens and politicians before march . 
  however , at that point our government was still in the position that publically thinking about a grexit was detrimental . 
  the headlines in that picture are something very different . 
  i have no problem with the statement ` it is no surprise given the tone of the media coverage on greece ' , however connecting it to something that is impossible to play a role in that is wrong in my opinion . 
  the problem is - many of the people were no ` monsters ' - the war turned them into monsters . 
  we had family fathers with children , well respected members of the society and usually opposed to violence - despite all that they ( some of them ) took part in executions and manslaughter against civilians , some mass-murdering citizens of whole villages . 
  if anything , the last 70 years have proven to us that we are better off not engaging in any ( major ) military action . 
  and if you have a look at what happened at the recent ( us-lead ) military engagements , they dont really help counteracting this impression . 
  just because we are the biggest economic power in europe doesnt mean that we also have to be the country leading europe in military action . 
  i am all in for playing our part in the defense of europe and to honor our agreements , however i do not think we have to/should emerge as a nation of war-friendly people with a large military once again . 
  we are already being seen as a bully : / i do think that , at least for europe , the time of bullying with military is over . 
   when washington eventually starts world war iii so it is confirmed , it * can * only be the us . 
  it is just a matter of time .
