  introducing plebiscites on the federal level is possible thorugh a change of constitution . 
  the ` problem ' is that there is no mechanism for plebiscites in our constitution . 
  spd and linke have been in favor of adding something like this for quite some time , the cdu opposes it . 
  and , in my opinion , for good reason . 
  i simply dont want this mechanism on a federal level . 
  current debt relief would not help the people . 
  greeces interest payments are already ridiculously low . 
  tax breaks are somewhat unpredictable . 
  there is no will to give greece free money . 
  regulating the financial sector wont stop this kind of stuff . 
  of course . 
  everyone would like to make a decent living off his job and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  if that is not possible however , a shitty job is still better than no job at all . 
  both for myself and for the governmental budget . 
  debt relief wont create jobs . 
  investments are largely prevented by the fact that greece is a shithole for investment . 
  tax breaks for the poorest doesnt create that much jobs . 
  giving the greek government billions of euros to create jobs wont happen . 
  regulation of the financial sector would not have prevented unsustainable debt levels , which are the problem here . 
   she 's a phd in chemistry !!, 
  she is an exception . 
  most of our politicians are lawyers as well . 
  i think rouhgly 2/3 of ministers are lawyers and 1/4 of the parliament are . 
  nice utopia you got there . 
  unfortunately there are not enough jobs in greece that can pay you decently . 
  what now ? 
  if they want to ` force ' this situation , their economy is pretty much dead . 
  so you would rather have 25 % in unemployment than 25 % who work for a low wage ? 
  i do not say that it is optimal , nor do i say it is what * should * be the reality in a decent economy . 
  however if the economy is severely struggling , it is * by far * the lesser evil . 
  there is no ` life ' if 25 % do n't have a job . 
  i 'd prefer 25 % on low-paying jobs over 25 % without jobs every day . 
  i 'd say it is still a little bit more subtle . 
  still better than a lot of other subs in this aspect though . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) the thing is : not all debt is held by banks . 
  likes of private investors are different . 
   greece is a tiny economy in the context of europe . 
  yes , but imagine this would have infected spain or portugal afterwards . 
  would not have been very pleasant . 
   and i were not even saying that the banks holding the greek bonds should go bankrupt ( which i understand is the contagion risk ) - just that the public should end up owning the bankrupt banks which the public refinanced . 
  greece did not have the money to refinance its banks . 
  it was the largest amount accumulated in one place . 
  if you have a look at the [ exposure of the banks ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) in 2011 you will notice that the largest chunks were held by greek banks . 
  the rest of the money was much more widespread , not threatening the vitality of the whole european banking system . 
  most of that debt was held by greek banks . 
  if not for the bailout , many greeks would have lost major parts of their savings . 
  also , you are completely leaving out the contagion risk . 
  taking a clear stance against islamism didnt prevent the extremists from the other mentioned countries to join isis/daesh . 
  rehabilitation is still the right way in my opinion . 
  the other way is locking them up in jail for a few years and they will likely come out with even more hate . 
  i personally think that some kind of debt relief for greece is needed ( and inevitable ) , however i just get really annoyed that every time '53 is brought up to argue for it . 
  people should stop saying ` he got something , i want it aswell ' but rather say ` there is a debt relief needed for reasons a , b , c & d' . 
   a waiver from outstanding war reparations plus marshall plan aid i guess you are talking about the ww1 reparations here . 
  germany payed reparations for ww2 actually . 
  even to greece , though the greek people responsible totally fucked this up . 
  the marshall aid was actually a loan to germany which had to be repayed ( the largest part , we recieved 1.4 billion and payed back 1 billion ) . 
   as for the remaining debt , repayment was conditional on running a trade surplus this however is not possible with greece as they never ran a trade surplus and likely wont do it for the next two decades either . 
   in other words , the german government would only pay back its creditors when it could afford to and not by borrowing even more money somewhat true . 
   reimbursements were also limited to 3 % of export earnings . 
  the difference is that germany actually * had * significant export earnings , making 3 % sufficient , contrary to greece . 
  if greece spent 10 % of its export earnings on its debt , we would still sit here in a thousand years . 
   this also gave germany 's creditors an incentive to import german goods so they would later get their money back , thereby laying the foundations of the country 's powerful export sector . 
  they had access to machinery from the ww2-area though , a somewhat solid foundation . 
  unfortunately this kind of project wont work in greece , what are they going to export ? 
   all of this was done to generate growth . 
  true . 
  growth and thus repayment of debts . 
   therein lies the true difference ... not the amounts ... the intent . 
  we could argue about the intent . 
  the us had a vital interest in germany becoming a stronghold against communism , which would not have worked without a strong economy . 
  they also saw the prospects for this to work . 
  greece on the other side has proven to be a hostile place for investments . 
  all major attempts of building an industry in greece have been ruined by either the government , the workers or the authorities . 
   heck sweden even have a rehabilitation program for isis fighters ( and other extreme islamists ) , unfortunately why unfortunately ? 
  this is actually the only way that you will ever be able to integrate these people into the society again . 
  there is more and more influx of that stereotyped opinions unfortunately . 
  '53 is nowhere comparable to the current situation . 
  neither in the circumstances nor in the actual size of that debt relief . 
  we are not talking about 10 % of gdp here like in 1953 but about 180 % . 
  equalizing the opinion of a few economists with germanys opinion is a bit off . 
  especially when quoting sinn , he has been swimming against the stream since the start of the crisis . 
  and while i respect prof. sinn because he is a highly intelligent human being , he has been wrong before and he also likes to take part in public debates with controversal statements . 
  yes , parts of the population are pissed at greece , partly justified , mainly because of misinformation . 
  if you listen to the yellowpress , you can actually get to the impression that it was only the greeks fault . 
  nevertheless , projecting the fact that some economists are angry at greece ( and party justified i guess ) does not mean that germany is the angry goblin in the room . 
  germanys problem is not wanting to punish greece but the fact that they dont want to spend money in a seemingly bottomless pit with no prospect of seeing that money back . 
  probably , i can only guess however . 
  being a vountary member of the ss is not a crime , sorry to disappoint you . 
  groening joined the ss not because he was keen of committing war crimes ( he likely didnt even know about them before joining the ss ) , but because the ss looked to be a mettlesome troup . 
  which is not exactly an unexpected move if your country is at war . 
  depends . 
  4 years is actually not that low if you consider that they can not prove that he actively took part in murder ( abstract aid is sufficient in this case ) and especially the fact that this stuff happened over 70 years ago . 
  one factor for determining the sentence is namely :  his conduct after the act , particularly his efforts to repair the damage , as well as the efforts of the offender to reach a settlement with the injured . 
  which can not be denied here . 
  he actively admitted what he did , he asked for forgiveness and he also lived a law-abiding life since the war . 
   at the trial of treblinka camp personnel , it was in fact proven that there had never been a single case in the ss where someone was killed for refusing to carry out an illegal order and that such persons were simply transferred into combat with the waffen-ss, 
  indeed . 
  it would be wrong from both the side of law and the side of ` politics ' if you want to call it that way . 
  given that he admitted what he did , there is no way around a sentence . 
   i worry we try to pretend that ` we ' are not evil , that it 's only ` other ' people who can do such evil things , rather than realising , 65 % of us would have probably gone along with it .
