  would be logical , would not matter if we were talking about joint purchases . 
   basically the only solution is for eu to buy all gas together . 
  single eu and russia agreement . 
  gas bought at eu border . 
  any country pays the same to russia . 
  then eu deals with inside transit costs . 
  i agree . 
   by the way , baltic states and poland asked to join nordstream . 
  they were refused . 
  nice , huh ? 
  i actually have the opposite information - they were asked to join but declined . 
  do you have a source ? 
  yes , but everyone knew about this . 
  people voluntarily looked away because they wanted greece in the euro zone . 
  this was never my point . 
  i know that greeces living costs are insane - food cost is similar to germany while the people are earning less than half of our people . 
  i was simply talking about the accusation that we are `` doing this because we want cheap labour '' . 
  and for that , i do not have to take living costs into account . 
   officially declaring bankruptcy could have been much better for greece in the short [ ... ] term what the hell ? 
  this does not even make * any * sense . 
  not even the people that advocated for a grexit claimed that they would better off short term . 
  varoufakis famously said : `` it was a mistake to join the euro but it would be even worse to leave it now '' . 
   airports , ports , electricity infrastructure , telephony infrastructure , trains , water providers , hospitals , etc. 
  are sold to foreign ( mainly german ) companies at low prices . 
  the only thing i can think of which was sold to a german bidder was the airports . 
  seriously , nobody wants the greek railway . 
  there have been bidders who said they wanted money from the greek government so that they would take it . 
   since such infrastructure is already built and operational but now a company gets all the profit . 
  you should remember that it was payed with debts in the first place . 
   however , as i already said , the debt is used as leverage . 
  it 's therefore important ( for them ) that the debt remains high and unsustainable . 
  top level conspiracy theory . 
  the next thing you are going to tell me is that we have pushed greece to go into debt and then caused the financial crisis so that we could buy cheap greek assets . 
  come on . 
   in reality , however , interest rate is only a part of the loan agreement . 
  parent just asked for the reason why we would swap the debt - here is the reason . 
  it is very clear that it had been connected with other demands . 
   in exchange for the debt , the greek state had to cut people 's income by about 70 % in just 5 years i would like a source on that . 
  70 % seems nowhere realistic . 
   privatize infrastructure infrastructure that is privatized in pretty much every other european state . 
   and introduce labor flexibility laws which is not per se wrong or bad . 
   this would enable greece to be used as some sort of cheap labor protectorate within the eu by the big players , such as germany . 
  nonsense . 
  wages in greece are still a lot higher than in eastern europe . 
  we have made extremely good experiences with buying our supplies and producing in eastern europe , why would we change that ? 
  i am aware of this , nevertheless there was a lot of fuss about it violating eu law . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i am all in favor of the eu acting as one when it comes to russian gas . 
  i think it is a disgrace that people in poorer countries which are our allies are paying significantly more than we are . 
  yet i fail to see the significance of ns2 for this . 
  if we buy gas together , it does not matter whether that gas is flowing through ukraine or the sea . 
   also , i do n't think it 's a coincidence usa is trusted a lot more here than germany when it comes to defence . 
  given of our reluctance to deploy or army for anything , that does not exactly come surprising . 
   and nord stream is something that runs next to our border , it 's more relevant . 
  not when it comes to the argument of ` protecting ukraine ' . 
   i remember all sides confirming it 's not and then saying the opposite etc , it was quite a mess . 
  true , but this does not change that your govenrments did not take a vocal stance against it . 
   how ? 
  the gas goes directly to germany , which controls its flow to other european countries . 
  which does not change anything about the prices . 
   how much sovereignity you think we have now ? 
  well , souvereignty in the meaning that your own people are responsible for your gas negotiations and not people in brussels that have less democratic accountability . 
   to germany , france etc , russia offers a better price . 
  on one side , they 're just larger markets that have more power to negotiate true . 
  it gets even worse when we are talking about ukraine . 
   but on the other side , it would be putin 's dream that eu would dump the central and eastern europe that stand against his regime and trade freely with western europeans who give no fuck about russia militarily , democractically etc and are only after cheap resources . 
  i think you are a bit unfair . 
  yes , many of our businesses would like to see the sancitons gone . 
  but please consider that germany is not the country that is actively pushing for ending the sanctions - the countries doing that are greece , italy and others . 
  it is not only the baltics and eastern europe that want to hold up the sanctions for now . 
   eu energy market would increase our sovereignity , if anything . 
  depends on what you understand under ` souvereignty ' i would say . 
  it would strengthen your economic position and decrease the chance of russia treating you unfairly , true . 
  on the other side , ` souvereignty ' is defined as `` the full right and power of a governing body to govern itself without any interference from outside sources or bodies '' - and the eu is such an ` outside body ' . 
  you are not your government . 
  apart from that - ss was effectively cancelled before your ( current ) account was even created . 
   germany ca n't allow that rest of eu would actually pay the same price for gas as germans . 
  this is honestly completely unrelated to ns2 . 
  and quite frankly , i am very certain that the current eastern european governments ( amongst others ) would not be very keen on trading away souverignty on energy matters currently . 
  which is what would be required for europe speaking with one voice in the negotiations . 
   is it because they care about the well-being of their neighbor , or as a form of protecting themselves ? 
  yes , that 's the question . 
  but one should not only care about ones neighbor in times of crisis . 
  of course , a military intervention of russia seemed ridiculous at that time ( and really nobody expected it ) . 
  but i still think that there is a lot of hypocricy involved here . 
  this is especially obvious when people bring the argument that `` ukraine relies on the transit fees for its budget '' - well , and ss doesnt affect this ? 
   i know for me as a person it is the first reason , though . 
  and i can respect that view . 
  hell , i could respect that view from your governments aswell if they had been consistent in their stance . 
  but if they are shifting their focus on who deserves protection depending on whether this stance benefits them at that time - this is nothing but opportunism and they are using their neighbors for a cheap coverup for their actual intentions . 
  there are plenty of reasons why one could disagree with building ns2 - but this criticism needs to be genuine . 
  i am sorry , but i am not willing to consider criticism when it seems to be as hypocritical as here . 
  what about germany ? 
  germany was supportive of ss . 
  you claim that ` only six countries were in favour of ss ' . 
  i would like to have a source for that . 
   ukraine was not an issue when it came to ss for a long period . 
  russia annexed crimea in 2014 , the ss project got canceled later that year . 
  for most of the talks , which started in 2007 , ukraine was not an issue in the picture . 
  ukraine was cut off for the first time in 2006 .
