  true , but this is not in our interest . 
  we are interested in a europe-wide solution that doesnt end up with us taking all the burden . 
  there would be no incentive for other countries to do anything if they knew germany was going to solve all their problems for them . 
  you might call it hypocritical , but is a somewhat realistic policy . 
  and the intentions are not faulty . 
  it would also send the wrong message . 
  people always talk about invites - well this would be an invite . 
  all wet dreams of refugees come true : mama merkel is coming and bringing the people to germany . 
   what ? 
  who are you talking about ? 
  do n't make up facts man . 
  the dude who tried to run into a police station with a knife was registered as a refugee over 20 times in different states . 
   finance other countries then that do that ? 
  we complied with the wishes of the french president by sending a frigate and recce tornados . 
  this is already significantly more than we did in previous engagements . 
   thanks to the v4 . 
  debateable . 
   engage then with everybody . 
  why is merkel demanding anything and not the eu ? 
  because the eu has pretty much no power in most regards . 
  especially when it comes to issues like this , it requires national states to do things the eu has no power on . 
  the eu alone demanding something or proposing somehting would not really yield any results . 
   we just esyablished we 're fucking them through our fiscal policies and the desire to not have eurobonds . 
  there 's a significant difference between the matters . 
  having enormeous amounts of refugees stuck in your country ( the number of refugees on the border seems to be close to the total refugees france has taken in ) is much more severe than a dysfunctional economic system . 
  especially since greece recieves bridge loans for three years . 
  you wan na open that again . 
  we never closed anything . 
  we introduced border controls on the southern border , that is all . 
  once the refugee stream stop , why would we continue doing this ? 
  i forgot about germany and how regressive it is . 
  it 's not only germany . 
  it is pretty much all central and northern countries . 
  surprisingly it 's the countries who have problems who want it and the countries that are doing well who do n't / have objections . 
  so much for `` both sides '' . 
   i still can not believe we have a one currency but not a common fiscal policy . 
  on that i agree with you . 
  it 's utter nonsense . 
  the problem is : the recent events have caused nationalism to rise again , making it even harder to implement a joint fiscal policy as this requires giving up souvereignty . 
   we 're killing europe . 
  if things continue the way they are - the current state is not meant for eternity . 
  if nothing changes , we will run into severe trouble . 
   we 're killing finland now . 
  i do n't think so . 
  many economists argue that finlands problems root deeper than just being part of the euro . 
  the leading personnel of finland itself said that it would be tempting to devaluate the currency but that they know it is not a fix for their problems . 
  nonsense . 
  it is completely fine to call for europe-wide action to help greece . 
  we are meant to be a union and not some collaboration that breaks apart as soon as things get a little tricky . 
   3 people that committed the paris attacks are confirmed to have followed the refugee route . 
  two were non-europeans . 
  thats why i wrote ` need ' . 
  given that one of them was registered like 25 times in different states , it is pretty clear that it was about sending a message and not about being a necessity . 
   exactly . 
  where 's the european help in syria ? 
  i am not seeing any . 
  are you ? 
  what kind of ` help ' do you want ? 
  air strikes ? 
  you know we wo n't do that ( hint : history ) . 
  support for someone in syria ? 
  for whom ? 
  air strikes alone ca n't eliminate isis . 
   let 's see once summer comes . 
  how you 'll hold up with another million refugees . 
  i bet it 'll be super fun . 
  there wont be another million refugees in germany . 
   exactly . 
  the french should work on french problems . 
  how about the germans ? 
  we are working on our own problems . 
  does not mean that we should not engage in paneuropean affairs . 
   there 's little to talk here , you see no fault in your policies and you wan na go full steam ahead . 
  nont wanting greece to be fucked is no `` fault '' in my opinion . 
   because the refugee crisis , schengen is breaking down . 
  you are pessimistic . 
  i do n't see schengen breaking down any time soon . 
  once the influx from the south stops , countries will start opening their borders again . 
  if every refugee is registered properly and the data shared on an european level , it is ensured that nobody can move on to sweden and claim asylum there . 
  greece-macedonia will likely stay closed , but they are not a schengen border anyways . 
   fiscal policies that have destroyed a country and are burying the south for the long term . 
  propose better ones . 
  better ones that have approval in boths sides of the continent . 
   yes but to the greeks 1.5 billion is money . 
  what do you want ? 
  interest-free money for the greeks ? 
  where we are directly losing money ? 
   they 'd get money at a lower rate . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  the interest rates for greece are lower than most other european countries like italy pay on their debt . 
  you can hardly ask for a better deal . 
   yet we have to share the refugee risks . 
  refugees were here before germany did anything . 
  it is also not even remotely comparable to the fincancial risks . 
  if a country can lend money that is directly guaranteed by germany and the netherlands , at low rates , why would n't it ? 
  if the thing goes bust , the germans will have to pay , who cares . 
  this is completely unlikely the refugee crisis . 
   that 's generous of you . 
  two refugees that seem very much connected to the paris attacks were found in austria . 
  so what .
