  until they are granted citizenship , they continue to have the legal status as asylum seekers . 
   if they are genuine asylum seekers then they have a right to be there but they do n't have an automatic right to citizenship . 
  i did never claim such a thing . 
   okay so this is hypothetical and unrelated to the article . 
  it is the goddamn answer to the point you made in your previous point . 
  you suggested `` it 's not quite a deportation if they voluntarily leave upon cancellation of their visa . '' . 
  this is what i am talking about here , not the article itself . 
   some backroom deal has been done to import workers . 
   there is no apparent logic to merkel inviting millions of asylum seekers unless it is to cause instability to the eu . 
  [ there has been no such thing ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ )  she was the one who said that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  so what ? 
  you obviously fail to understand what she meant by saying this . 
  this does not mean that we should not have foreign elements in our society , it means that we must not allow these foreign elements to create parallel societies . 
  some brown paper envelopes have changed hands . 
  either that or the back room deal was one to dismantle the eu itself . 
  wow , that 's some ridiculous conspiracy theory . 
  i seriously ca n't believe reddit is upvoting stuff like this . 
  firstly , these countries will not be willing to take them back . 
  they are causing enough troubles refusing to take their own people back , why would they take other people ? 
  secondly , how the fuck do you get the idea that deporting people to the other end of the wold might be a decent idea ? 
  lebanon is a little country on the verge of collapse . 
  you do n't want them to burden with even more people . 
   if they choose germany , they have to live with the consequences . 
  of course , but there are different consequences available to us . 
  since people of this kind are likely on benefits , it might very well be possible ( and even constitutional ) to cut their benefits . 
  this could under certain circumstances prove very effective . 
   jordan is a safe country after all . 
  we are talking about syrians here however . 
  we can not possibly deport these people to jordan without jordan 's consent . 
  and i can not see them consenting . 
  we can not really negotiate from a position of power there , we need jordan more than they need us . 
  the legal backing for deporting to jordan might also be relatively weak . 
   it 's not quite a deportation if they voluntarily leave upon cancellation of their visa . 
  well , it more or less is . 
  let 's say you cancel their asylum status . 
  first of all , this might be a tough thing to do depending on the legal situation in the country . 
  in germany , the government can deny people asylum based on significant concerns ( mainly of security nature ) . 
  i seriously doubt that failing to shake a woman 's hand would qualify for this . 
  but let 's assume it does . 
  well , you now have someone inside your borders that has no legal right to be there . 
  what now ? 
  wait for him to leave ? 
  not going to happen . 
  force him to leave the country ? 
  not voluntary and thus illegal . 
  in germany , people who are denied asylum but can not be sent back ( due to whatever reasons ) are ` tolerated ' ( it 's actually a legal status ) . 
  seriously , there is no legal way to get ` rid ' of these people as long as their country is in a position like syria is in currently . 
   would it take too much effort to bow to your boss in japan ? 
  it seems weird to us but if it was a requirement of residence application to obey that cultural norm during a swearing in ceremony , i really would n't think twice . 
  if i came from a troubled country , i would do handstands at 9.15 if it pleased my gracious new teacher who is helping me live in a new country and looking after me . 
  not the issue here . 
  we can all agree that the assigned tasks are very simple and the rules are not hard to obey . 
  but we are only talking about deportation right now . 
  i will not shed a single tear for people here on asylum or refugee status being deported for serious wrongdoings ( and failing to integrate is one of these things ) . 
  however this is only true if their destination is not outright dangerous . 
  it might sound idealistic , but our modern societies have long ago decided that nobody , not even murderers or terrorists , deserve being exposed to a significant threat for their lifes . 
  and for good reason . 
  we do n't have capital punishment anymore , we do not torture people anymore ( well , most of us \\* cough * usa \\* cough * ) , we treat people with dignity . 
  i can fully understand that it is a human reflex to say `` get them out as fast as possible '' if one hears about serious failures of integration or even serious crimes , but people need to understand that this is not always possible , due to legal , humane , and factual reasons . 
  there is a difference between `` fuck off '' and `` fuck off , go back into your war-torn country that you have fled before any fights even started , where your kids have never been and where we would not even send criminals '' . 
  that 's not the point however . 
  of course they should be adapting to local customs and they most certainly have to respect the social norms . 
  * however * even suggesting that people should be deported to syria for disregarding these rules is ridiculous . 
  we , for good reasons , are not deporting people into war-torn countries . 
  no matter if they fail to integrate or whether they commit serious crimes . 
  apart from the human right aspects of this issue , there is also the factual one : you can only deport people with the consent of the government of the other country . 
  if you do not have the consent , you are violating international law by deporting as you are violating that country 's souvereignty . 
  and these countries do n't want ciminals either ( it lies differently when talking about failing to adapt to local customs , but how could we deport for failed integration if we do n't deport those who are outright ciminal ? ), 
  the only way to ` get rid ' of these people is if they are leaving voluntarily . 
  syria has an obligation to allow them back in if they chose to return . 
   the question was not about muslims , but about the doctrine of islam ( contained within a written document ) and its compatibility with the german constitution it is if you take all statements of the afds leading personnel into account . 
  and no , your argument is wrong . 
  you can not simply look at what is written in the quran . 
  by that way of measuring , christianity should be banned here aswell . 
  this is correct if you are talking about fundementalist practicing of the quran . 
  or the bible for that matter . 
  what you quoted is seriously not being applied here apart from some radical nutjobs . 
  i know that literal interpration is much more common in islam than in most other religions , including christianity . 
  but as we well know , far over 90 % of muslims in this country do not cause trouble to anyone . 
  so since it is possible to practice it in a way that is in accordance with our laws and society , it is unjust to declare everything `` incompatible '' . 
  i seriously do not have a problem with holding the standpoint that elements that are incompatible with our society have no place here and that they should possibly even be element to prosecution . 
  but adressing every muslim in this country by saying this - come on . 
   send them back . 
  they 'll thrive in their own culture . 
  yes , because sending people back to syria is totally a legitimate option currently . 
  seriously ? 
  original quote from vice chairman * von storch * : `` islam as such is a political ideology that is incompatible with our constitution '' . 
  so it is not exactly vague . 
  she is declaring the whole religion incompatible , not just sharia law or extreme manifestations . 
  to be fair , there are parts of that party that advocate for a more moderate stance on the issue and the party program is not yet finished , but i find it to be very hard to separate statements like this from the party as a whole . 
  it is not a simple member , she is vice chairman . 
  if the party does not approve statements of this kind ( which would be necessary for a democratic party ) , they have to get rid of her as a leading person . 
  because , no matter the conclusion on whether islam is compatible , their acting certainly * is * incompatible with our constitution . 
  and madame von storch should know that , she is a lawyer . 
   though the uk 's relationship with the eu , even if we vote remain , is going to have a question mark still . 
  true , but i would still argue that it is not the same level of uncertainty . 
   however , i think the electoral commission in the uk would not allow it and would not consider it fair . 
  they only ever allow referendums with two choices . 
  it just came to my mind as i recently voted on a local issue ( we might not have direct democracy on the federal level , but we certainly do at the state and local level ) and there was an initial question that was answered with yes/no and then there were followup questions . 
  i thought it was an interesting concept that could fit in this situation .
