  it would be delusional that we will be able to deport everyone , but i am certain that it will be possible to deport a fair chunk . 
   almost the exact same thing happened in france thirty years ago . 
  i remember the politicians saying the exact same things , the president of the time was posturing exactly like merkel is today . 
  outcome ? 
  they are still here , maybe 10 % of them has been deported . 
  we are however having the opposite experience : the balkan wars . 
   let 's say about 900.000 , a possible number . 
  sounds realistic . 
   add 10 % because it is notorious that a lot of asylum seekers lie about their age to have more rights i disagree . 
  there is only one point where lying about your age makes sense : if you are slightly above eighteen but claim to be below eighteen . 
  this however is already included as we are including the group of 14-18 . 
  people over 18 claiming to be 13 or lower are pretty much impossible to exist . 
   so we have 900.000 * 0.7 * 0.7 = 441.000 only for 2015 441,000 males for the total of 2015 does not sound this unrealistic . 
  you are ignoring a few things however : for the most part of 2015 , large parts have been from the balkans . 
  these people have no right to stay here , some have been deported , many left on their own accord . 
  even if they stayed , it would decrease the share of arab men . 
  the arab share is currently peaking at 65 % ( from syria and iraq ) , it was a lot lower for the most of 2015 . 
  so , if we put it at 50 % for the whole of 2015 ( which is already ambitious ) , we would sit at 220,000 men given your data . 
  not that impressive . 
   lol your data and mine are the same with 1.321.560 because we are using the same data . 
  the difference is that i was using the raw data and you were using the graphs . 
  i would strongly advise you to take a look at the [ table ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/en/web/products-datasets/-/migr_asyappctza ) . 
   652.785 it is not a million but it is a huge number for one year and half . 
  as i outlined 220k arab men of this age . 
  and this will probably the peak . 
  i do not see a similar amount of people coming here this year . 
   people believe what they want to believe , even if it 's really going to hurt them . 
  people who take advantage of them are , imo , absolute scum . 
  especially surprising since every piece of data is available on the internet . 
  we have had people go back to their countries , left disappointed by the realities . 
  they say that they are telling their friends how it is , but nobody believes them . 
  in the picture of many people in various countries in the region , germany is the country of milk and honey . 
  there is n't really much we can do to change that perception . 
  well , apart from becoming shit . 
  but we dont want that for obvious reasons . 
   btw , i got ta say , i really appreciate how you 've been going around the whole thread correcting people 's misconceptions - it ca n't be easy . 
  nice job . 
  thank you !, 
  it just really pisses me off when people are spreading wrong facts and putting all the blame on us . 
  it 's not exactly rewarding unfortunately . 
  well , i assume it still is possible to go through austria without getting noticed . 
  as we all know , human trafficking is a thing . 
  so far , they have not build walls around their borders . 
   so , it is not a legal obligation , but a german governement choice , like all the people have said . 
  as i said , we have no other choice once someone is here . 
   do not let them enter . 
  it is pretty much impossible to secure our green border . 
  and we do n't want to . 
   so they do n't protect the external borders and they do n't follow dublin agreement . 
  they have to be expelled from schengen and they border have to be closed . 
  dublin or schengen do not have any means of punishment included . 
  whether they should be expelled is for the other countries to decide , and they decided against it . 
  and by the way , pretty much any country would have to be expelled then . 
  austrias `` we are accepting 80 people but are redirecting 3200 a day to germany '' is also a violation . 
   so greece choice . 
  partly . 
   greek border have been secured from 1821 , so it is not impossible to secure . 
  there have never been millions of people who tried to get into greece . 
   these people violate greece territory so it is an agression . 
  you should look that up . 
  there is no international law that would allow for this read . 
   wait a moment , turkey can send people in greece and greece can not send people to turkey ? 
  it is a joke ? 
  or it is an easy legal loophole used by some countries to blackmail european countries ? 
  turkey is not sending anyone . 
  as far as i know there are no government shuttles transferring people to the border so they can go to greece . 
   thanks to countries that have stopped the flood . 
  the same countries that merkel criticize . 
  the crisis is stopped thanks to hungary , austria , v4 and balkan states . 
  stopped the people in greece . 
  greece is getting fucked over . 
  nice european values . 
   next crisis europe have to ear first eastern european countries . 
  not gon na happen . 
   i have said that safe countries that send to you refugees do n't follow dublin . 
  this is not our fault . 
  nobody is sending any refugees by the way . 
  the people are moving voluntarily . 
   in germany we have in 2015\u00a0476000 asylum seekers and 282.726 accepted . 
  so you could be right . 
  this is not what i meant . 
   `` the interior ministry has reportedly ordered officials to prepare for 500,000 arrivals in 2016 -- fewer than half the 1.1 m who entered the country last year . '', 
  1.1 million entered the country , this is accurate . 
  let me explain why there have ` only ' been 476,000 applications . 
  the 1.1 m come from the general system that registers refugees just to assign them to a shelter . 
  this is relatively unbureaucratic , it does not include any personal things like name , home country , finger prints etc. 
  it is simply meant to distribute these people to the german states . 
  there however are some flaws with it : some people did not want to apply for asylum in germany and they continued to the northern countries or the netherlands . 
  some other people were n't consent with the location they were assigned and they appeared somewhere else ( e.g. 
  in hamburg ) . 
  since the system does not have the information as i mentioned , this results in the person being registered twice . 
  and finally , the most important factor : the authorities were overwhelmed by the number of people . 
  since everybody needs a meeting with an immigration officer to be registered , not everybody that entered in 2015 could actually get such a meeting . 
  to add to that , the application needs to be processed , where we also lack personnel . 
  we since then added a lot of staff and hope to be through all applications ( including the new ones ) by q3 of 2016 . 
   let 's see the official stats ( i know little german , so i translate from similar tables translated in english ) . 
  so , we know that male refugee are 70 % of total refugee ( link above ) so we have an official number 70 % male , but what the interior minister says and what the official numbers say are very differents . 
  or the official numbers are wrong or the interior minister gives wrong statistics . 
  this graph does little to confirm your claim because you claimed `` one million males between 15 and 35 '' . 
  if you take the numbers for 2016 ( eurostat ) : since very few countries seem to be quick enough to submit their stats , i will have to go with germany ( which is pretty much equal 70 % of applications anyways lol ) alone : in january and february 2016 , we had 119,845 applications .
