  and quite frankly , the countries are already going beyond what they * have * to do . 
  it might sound harsh , but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  if this is the price for schengen to continue working - i am willing to pay it . 
  interesting . 
  according to german news , there are 44,000 people in the country ( numbers by the government ) as of last sunday . 
  given that the number of refugees has increased by 16000 in the last two weeks ( source : [ unhcr ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=83 ) minus the number of people mentioned in your link ) , we can assume that it has increased by around eight thousand since then . 
  this would put greece at 100,000 people in two months time . 
  and this is in a country with extremely weak official structures , weak authorities and no fiscal leeway to provide for the refugees . 
  greece already had troubles supplying the refugees when those were just passing through - it will be worse now . 
  considering your question about the number of 160,000 people - i can only guess but i assume this number was made up when hungary was still supposed to on the recieving end here . 
  as we all know ( and you probably know better than me ) - hungary had more asylum applications per capita than germany . 
  it would at least take a major incentive away . 
  we could also increse the penalties for employing illegals , establish criminal punishment for people leaving their assigned countries . 
  you could for example make it mandatory to appear at a local authority every two months , otherwise the person will be seached after in the whole europe . 
  whatever . 
  there are enough policies that we could apply . 
   turns out greece has now ( after the north border closure ) ~ 40k - where are the others ? 
  ( hint : your country ) . 
  source for this number ? 
   it has worked in the past because the eu was a lot smaller , and the member countries all had the same rough goal of easing movement and communication between each other . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  the eu has n't been small for a long time . 
   it also worked because nothing as divisive as the migrant crisis has been seen in europe in many years . 
  i would call the euro crisis pretty divisive . 
  and even if not , i think the migrant crisis is pretty much the peak . 
    while france and germany represent different parts of europe , they do not represent all of the eu . 
  accurate , but they can negotiate compromises that satisfy both northern and southern europe . 
  i agree that ee is a little different , but this is impossible to change until poland is ready to play with the big boys . 
   also , southern european countries have not really been getting their fair share of representation from this duopoly . 
  due to france 's weakness . 
  the only `` hope '' for southern europe would be italy which has recently shown ambitions to take a leading role in the eu . 
  something that i do not think is realistic given italy 's problems . 
   sorry for the late reply - i was travelling . 
  yes , i also hope merkel did n't overestimated again her influence like when she bulldozed the quota . 
  are we talking about the quota that was agreed on months ago ? 
  if yes , i think it was a terrible mistake . 
  forcing a majority vote was stupid . 
   but at the same time , let 's acknowledge v4 's position - if there is no chance to go through they 'll stop coming ... before macedonia closed its border , hungary had ~ 1-200 illegal border crossings/day . 
  now it 's down to 20-30 . 
  its the same for germany and i would be lying if i told you people are not happy about it . 
  but there is also the other side : before the crisis , greece had x people . 
  now , greece has 3x people . 
  well , some english words start making their appearance in our language , but that can not be prevented . 
  i have not heared about using it as a specific ` slang ' however . 
  i have read that article . 
  in fact , i have read this article half a year ago when it first was released . 
  it also gives a very relevant statement :  merkel underestimated the inviting power of her words and how attracted people would be to come to germany in search of a better life . 
  and i agree with this . 
  merkels statement might have served as a catalyst for already existing refugee streams . 
  many refugees believe it was an invitation . 
  but then , the refugees did not rely on the statement to come here in the first place . 
  you regularily hear about people believing that the european countries can not wait to take them , that they will be given money , a job and a house . 
  and this is independent from the country . 
  these hopes are not only projected on germany but on the uk or sweden as well . 
  yes , merkel made a mistake because she underestimated the impact of her words even though she did n't mean it to be an invitation . 
  but no , it was no invitation . 
  a statement that is no invitation but is percieved as one still is none . 
  and given the development prior to the announcement , we can at least question wether this statement actually had a major impact other than giving alleged legitimacy for people who already were on their way . 
  it is not clear whether it actually had any impact on the numbers . 
  you are failing to make any meaningful comments . 
  you fail to explain how we ` invited ' somebody . 
  all you do is shout `` germany invited all refugees , it is responsible for the crisis '' . 
  which is simply not the case . 
  haha dude no worries . 
  i do not have a problem with strong statements , you eventually get used to it if you are spending time in these subs ( and especially if you are american or german on top of that ) . 
  the people came here on themselves even before anything was said . 
  even if it was an invite ( which is still deny ) , it was not the * cause * for the refugee streams . 
   sanders is a decrepit remnant of an america that no longer exists . 
  he 's beyond idealistic , he 's a delusional nut job . 
  supporting isolationistic foreign affair policies , taking a stance against nuclear energy/gmos , promising millennial things he can not deliver on without fucking with the economy , and the long term livelihood of my fellow citizens ? 
  i would argue that sanders is a representant of an america that never existed and that will never exist . 
  even if he was elected president , he would not have the political backing to do what he promised . 
  pretty much all of the candidates that are left have sent protectionist signals during the primaries , especially trump . 
   you 've made your point . 
  truth be told i do n't think i can get into an economic or political discussion with my friends without shitting on merkel and/or juncker , and i do n't want to be labeled a hypocrite . 
  well , you can shit on someone as much as you want . 
  thats your right and nobody will interfere with it . 
  and thats good for everybody . 
   tell that to the people from w. europe who spend a great deal of time developing an unhealthy obsession over advocating for that senile socialist , sanders . 
  dude , we are on the internet . 
  obsession for bernie is not exactly a european phenomen . 
   millions of foreigners who do n't even live here , have never lived here , try to dictate what leaders we should or should n't have . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  nobody is trying to dictate anything , however we will give our opinion . 
  and this is because we will have to deal with the winner for the next five years . 
  tell me how we are ` dictating ' you anything ? 
  well , tell me what we did . 
  we never sent any kind of ` invitation ' , no matter what people on reddit or in some foreign newspapers might claim . 
  it is true that people were encouraged by germany announcing to process all syrians which was probably a mistake in retrospective . 
  but as the statistic shows , it is not like we caused any thing of movement . 
  if anything , you can see the numbers slowing down in the month after the statement . 
  we had hundred thousands of refugees in 2014 , and that was before we made any public comments on the issue . 
  they are sending mixed signals then . 
  wolf already retracted from pretty much ruling out a coalition with the greens to saying that they will ` act responsibly ' and ` talk to anybody but the afd ' . 
  a germany coalition would probably force the cdu to make heavier concessions than with the greens , the majority would be very slim and again , it would be against the will of the voter . 
  it is abundantly clear that the people want kretschmann and not wolf . 
   bw is probably more interesting considering that greens and spd dont have a majority and green cdu coalition seems tough . 
  i could see cdu spd fdp forming a coalition . 
  it is unlikely though . 
  it would not only be counter to the will of the voter , wolf already pretty much said that he would actually enter a coalition with the greens .
