  there was a period in time where we stopped naming them after regions and used statesmen instead . 
  lets not repeat that  edit : we actually had some ships not named after regions after the war : * most notably three destroyers named after ww2 personalities - rommel , l\u00fctjens ( admiral on board the bismarck ) , m\u00f6lders ( very successful fighter pilot ) * our speedboats used to be named after animals ( we dont have speedboats anymore ) * submarine hunters named after greek mythology * minesweepers named after sea animals ( our current ones are named after cities ) * minesweepers named after star signs * we still have ships named after lakes or rivers ( okay , thats pretty close to regions and cities honestly ) * oh , and we had some schooling frigates named alike popular german ships from ww2 including gneisenau , scharnhorst , hipper and graf spee i can see why we stopped naming them after ww2-stuff , however i am clueless why they seem to like cities , regions and federal states so much . 
  he does have a really thick accent , but i think the audience is still able to perfectly understand what he says . 
  unfortunately nobody can do anything about that but your domestic powers ( mainly judiciary , but since it seems to be affected aswell , this doesnt look too well ) . 
  there is nobody that realisticly could force a resign from a foreign position , stuff like this speech from the german ambassador is moral support at best . 
  i heared ( or better read here on reddit ) about the stuff that is going on in your country . 
  of course that would be a lot of resigns , but it is way more diplomatic to call for the resign of all involved ministers instead of calling for the government to resign . 
  that was very direct speach for a diplomat . 
  she however did not call for a resign of the government but for ` resigns ' ( which means some members of , but not the whole government ) . 
  [ do you see anything in this picture ? 
  i dont ] ( https://hiddenconnections.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/img_0713.jpg ) ( enough humor for today . 
  back to w\u00f6rk ! ), 
  i dont find any german or english source on this . 
  how credible is that report ? 
  i think it is kinda rare for an embassador to call the government to resign . 
  i think this would cause the ambassador to be expelled immediately . 
  this was not even meant as a troll . 
  i somehow added a `` eu '' to that statement in my mind . 
  ~ ~ two ? 
  the uk and who ? ~ ~ for some reason i only thought about eu, 
  fyi the [ wasp-class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasp-class_amphibious_assault_ship ) has the tonnage of the chrales de gaulle . 
  there will be only two european supercarriers in europe in the forseeable future - the ones currently being built in britain . 
  soon \u2122 we will have two more than you :o, 
  the bremen-class is to be replaced by the [ baden-w\u00fcrttemberg class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f125-class_frigate ) ( f125 ) in the next years . 
  also , it is planned to get 6 more frigates of the mks 180 ( project name , a study [ here ] ( http://www.militaryphotos.net/forums/attachment.php?attachmentid=229115&amp;d=1421432589 ) ) , being slightly smaller version of the f125 with about 5000 tons displacenemt and a crew of 100 +70 . 
  however , this is long-term , there has not even a decision on the design been made , so we are talking about 10 years + from now . 
  i do not think they split prussia for the sake of eliminating the threat of militarism out of prussia . 
  prussia was actually involved in fewer wars than britain or france . 
  during the weimar republic , prussia was one of the few parts of germany that remained somewhat democratic until 1932 . 
  however , prussia has always been one of the ( if not the ) most influencial state in germany , not always doing good from that position . 
  the resettlements were cruel and certainly not really reasonable ( in that short period of time ) , but that has to be tributed to the war experiences . 
  in the end , it does not really matter to me if it was rightful or not and i do not mind these territories not being german anymore . 
  however i do not really think it was a ` reasonable ' response from the allies , even with prussia , germany would not have posed a threat to europe for decades , being an occupied country . 
  also , the dynamics of the cold war would have been a bit different as the country would have been split differently . 
  then again , this stuff happened a long time ago and i have probably not enough knowledge on that topic to make a meaningful statement about it . 
  if there are only 250 policemen for 10.000 people , i would call it the lesser evil . 
  however , caused by lack of planning and foresight - which the police has to take responsibility for . 
  the event you posted took place almost simultaneously and in a complete different part of germany . 
  also , the circumstances here are a lot different . 
  it is one thing to take down a flag because of a suspected abstract danger and a whole other thing if people are physically threatening to assault a building and the police does not have enough men to stop them . 
  even though it is wrong , no question , i 'd argue taking down the flag was the lesser evil . 
  well , that is a bit over the top and i can understand the ban then . 
  you can get prosecuted for chanting songs ? 
  what kind of songs ? 
  hopefully not the banter against the opposite team . 
  so likely too long ago that they are no recourse payment requests possible ( against daimler ) . 
  if so , that would be rather unfortunate . 
  does anyone know when these deals happened ? 
  i highly doubt that this will happen again , especially given the medial exposure it got this time aswell as ... well , our past , you know . 
  who knows ? 
  as far as i am concerned , this was the first time something like this happened , why would they do the same again next time ? 
  putin admitted that there were russian troops active on crimea in april 2014 . 
  assuming that russia might help the separatists in eastern ukraine was not too remote . 
  in addition , i would not exactly call it `` safe '' to fly at 10km where planes are shot down at 6 . 
  honestly i do not see the reason to bring the flag of any state to a goddamn football match unless it is a game on a national level . 
  the teams are a mixture of nationalities anyways . 
  however , if people want to , let them . 
  if people are starting riots because there is an israel flag ( a single one as far as im concerned ) displayed at a football match , we have a problem . 
  of course not . 
  but it can serve as an indicator that there are weapons other than hand guns used . 
  if you add to this that there was ( military ) plane downed just a month earlier ( even though not at that height ) , i would straight up call it irresponsible to fly over that area . 
  the chief of the police berlin already apologized for it and said that the decision made was wrong . 
  two months before mh17 , in may 2014 , there were military helicopters brought down in that territory . 
  this should be strong enough evidence to evade that territory . 
  i do not feel more connected to a parliament that sits in strasbourg . 
  it is still the same parliament , and i could not care less where it is based . 
  as for the language , i simply do not care . 
  i do n't mind our representatives speaking english , in fact i am often embarrassed that some people that we send to europe are not capable of speaking it fluently . 
  however , i am not the average citizen of my country and i understand people that are feeling alienated by the official language being a foreign language that they do n't speak . 
  still , the official language has nothing to do with the location of the parliament . 
  what does having a second ( or actually first ) seat in strasbourg have to do with being decentralized and being closer to the citizens of europe ? 
  you could also say that it is pretty much a no-brainer not to fly over war zones . 
  several other airlines voluntarily accepted slightly longer travel time and thus more fuel consumption bypassing the area . 
  this sounds more like a bad justification for endangering their passengers lifes due to the search of economic benefit . 
  and that is what they do . 
  in my time in school , we had judaism , christianity , islam , buddhism , hinduism and some others . 
  writing half of the ( seemingly ) important words in caps make this article so much more credible . 
  looking at the recent news from germany , it seems more problems and crimes are caused by people trying to prevent asylum homes than by the asylum seekers themselves . 
  true . 
  however , it was reported that plans like this are being made by the ecb aswell as the ez states a few months ago . 
  if you take the people who were allowed to vote but didnt into account , 77 % did not vote for them . 
  their actions seem to be kind of predictable if you took them by their word , however they were unpredictable because many people did not actually believe that they would firmly hold on to the majority of their promises after the election despite the situation greece is currently in ( i know it sounds stupid and undemoctratic , but thats realpolitik ) . 
  first of all , marshal was not intended to pay for any kind of loans but to help the rebuilding of countries destroyed by war . 
  also , marshals effect on the european economies has been greatly overexaggerated or overestimated . 
  furthermore , marshal happened in a time where 4 % of gdp were a lot ( this effect is reduced by the fact that the post-war economy in germany was extremely small for a country of that size ) while since the 70s , governments started to accumulate enormeous amounts of debt , making 4 % seem tiny . 
  of course syrizas rise was not unpredictable , however their acting in the discussions somewhat is . 
   it 's just not logical while you supposedly try to solve a problem , to make plans about your failure to solve it too . 
  somewhat true , but if the solving is heavily dependent on factors that you can not control and the situation gets worse without a solution in sight , it * is * logical to think about what you are about to do in case of a failure . 
   that can only make sense , if what is called `` plan b '' was in reality the goal from the start : not to help greece but to give time to banks etc to be prepared for the grexit . 
  the banks are pretty much prepared for one ( at least the banks that are not greek ) now , true , however i hightly doubt that a grexit was the plan all along . 
  we will never know . 
  you can not really compare marshal and the loans to greece . 
  10/10 would vote based on that dutch < 3, 
  it equals some unpredictable natural disaster for several reasons . 
  the actions by syriza are somewhat unpredictable ( i dont want to debate if rightfully or not here ) , the development of the greek economy has proven to be unpredictable aswell ( otherwise we would not have measures that killed a lot of the greek economy currently ) and thirdly , the effects of a default are completely unpredictable as previous examples are are rare , if not non-existent . 
  of course , some of the reforms have proven to be utter shit and some others have proven to be unfitting or uneffective . 
  but that is not my point . 
  and it is also not mattering what people did in the past or what happened in the past . 
  the only thing that matters is that it would be extremely irresponsible * not * to make an emergency plan in the current situation . 
  this plan being able to serve as a negotiation tool is a ( even though for some negotiating parties pleasant ) side effect .
