  america and canada have taken a much harder line on ukraine than anyone in western europe . 
  this was an opportunity to demonstrate real solidarity and while it has n't been squandered full advantage was n't taken . 
  it is a different attempt . 
  so far your attempt has n't worked either . 
  and i doubt it would have if implemented full scale . 
  it is certainly the most problematic time for the eu that we have seen in a decade , agreed . 
  we are facing severe challenges in multiple areas . 
  however , i am not that pessimistic about the future . 
  in about a month , we will see whether greece was able to reach the first targets of the third programme . 
  contrary to the first two bailouts , all actors ( including germany ) acknowledge that some kind of debt cut for greece is necessary and they will grant it to greece if they stick to the current measures ( we will not see a nominal cut however ) . 
  declaring the balkan safe will significantly lower the burden of the refugee crisis , germany sharpening its asylum laws will reduce the pull factors by quite a margin . 
  russias engagement in syria accompanied with a general consensus that we have to find a solution for syria will hopefully further reduce the numbers of refugees as well ( lets see what the un week brings ) . 
  maybe i am a bit too optimistic on these things ( its pretty likely that i am ) but i do not think that the crises are not manageable . 
  we did not send anyone else back to hungary or greece either . 
  syrians because they ( together with iraq ) have the highest share of people that have valid claims for asylum/refugee status and because the situation in their country is the worst ( amongst the nations where people are fleeing from currently ) . 
  well , it is pretty obvious that cameron wont get through with changing the key principles of the eu . 
  considering this poll : i dont think that we can really say anything about the swing votes . 
  we dont know whether they are under the `` undecided '' or whether they said yes/no based on their current tendencies . 
  i 'd love a more detailed poll on the issue . 
   you think the eu has overcame the eurozone debt crisis ? 
  they 've done nothing but kick the can down the road . 
  i did not mean it that way . 
  i meant that no crisis has really ` damaged ' the eu so far ( until now ) , the eu did not cease to exist because of any of these crises . 
  i guess `` survived '' would have been more accurate . 
   undecided voters tend to favor the status quo in my experience . 
  i think we have a bit of an unique case here . 
  from what i have read , the decision of many people will be influenced by the ` results ' cameron is getting while pushing for eu changes . 
   but in a year or two there are going to be more migrants and refugees and more ( and more , and more ) stories in the news about it . 
  dont the uk have an opt-out anyways ? 
  so they should not really care about that . 
  people will try to get into the uk ( which isnt part of schengen anyways ) no matter whether they are an eu member or not . 
   throw in some fire crackers like greece the uk is n't affected by greece and will never be . 
   german manufacturing scandal as if they would care about that . 
  you not being part of the eu did not prevent it , how do you see a connection between this and the eu ? 
   after another few years of this i think europe is just going to feel like such a mess . 
  the eu has always been a mess . 
  people claimed the project to be dead every few years . 
  so far , the eu has overcome every crisis . 
  uhm . 
  that was n't really a government decision . 
  despite many people thinking otherwise and interpreting the statement of merkel differently , she was pretty much just acknowledging the status quo . 
  our courts prohibit deporting to hungary and greece due to the fact that there are inhumane conditions for refugees there . 
  ( the ecj has the same standpoint since * 2011 * ) . 
  every person can imagine that he or she will have better chances to get asylum if you claim being from a civil war area . 
  so i doubt that we would not see fake passports without that statement , but arguably merkel has amplified these tendencies through her statement . 
  could also be people that did not decide yet because they wait for what changes to the eu cameron can negotiate . 
  this however is not just some random policy , it is so important to the party that it has it in its goddamn name . 
  i think you can hardly find a topic that is more defining for ukip than leaving the eu . 
  while i can understand people making compromises on their vote ( simply because there is no ` perfect ' party for everyone ) , i can not understand them disagreeing with the central topic of that party . 
  still cheaper than people getting granted refugee status and government funds . 
  of course it is exhausting to deal with all this , but i doubt that this can be prevented . 
   at this point in time nothing is known about the fate of fraudulent ` syrians ' . 
  according to the proposal , people bringing fraudulent claims will see their government support reduced to the bare living minimum . 
   one third of the asylum seekers claiming to be syrian have , in reality , a different nationality , according to the spokesperson of the german ministry of internal affairs [ speaking ] to the ap . 
  this pretty much means that they are able to identify most of the fraudulent claims . 
  so its nothing to worry about . 
  alright , fair point . 
  this however is easier to understand in my opinion . 
  i think the case with ukip would be comparable to an atheist believing in god , not vice versa . 
  ( no judgement included ) . 
  but why would anybody say that he supports the united kingdom * independence * party when he in fact doesnt want to become independent ? 
  so 2 % of ukip voters are in favor of staying ? 
  that does n't make any sense , does it ? 
   the person selling the trucks that bring the soldiers to the battlefield and the planes that allow the targeting is just as responsible as the person that is selling the rifles and bombs . 
  by that logic , toyota was the biggest supplier of the libyan civil war . 
  this ` most likely ' is backed by what ? 
  the conflict is very much visible , there are people taking photographs and videos . 
  yet i did nowhere see german weapons appear . 
  and by the way - saudi arabia produces german-style weapons themselves , they do not need exports for that . 
   all we know for sure is that a hell of a lot of german , russen , us and other countries weapons are in iraq and syria now . 
  literally every picture you ever see of the war in syria or iraq shows weapons that were * not * made in germany . 
  the most common weapons seem to be aks and rpgs , accompanied with lower numbers of us-produced equipment . 
  i have yet to see german gear there . 
  germany delivered weapons to the kurds though , but i doubt you were talking about these . 
  and even if you were - these were no classic arms exports . 
  deal was cancelled . 
  saudi arabia looking for new tanks . 
  starting the first of this month , the euro 6 norm came into effect . 
  this norm makes the use of ad blue pretty much mandatory as ( at least larger ) diesels wont fulfill the criterias otherwise . 
  all i could find was [ this article from the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html ) . 
  it talks about the results of a university study which is , unfortunaly , not freely accessible . 
  how is that even a question ? 
  refugees are naturally a net loss for the state in the first month that they are here as they are not allowed to work . 
  exactly . 
  this is a version that is actually applicable to our reality . 
  adopting norways model is just too expensive ( we dont have oil money to back it up ) while the french model seems pretty down-to-the-earth and not too expensive . 
  especially considering that we * have * the money to start implementing this . 
  sch\u00e4uble likely would not be too keen on giving up his balanced budget for this , but whatever . 
  ** edit ** : sorry for german post , i somehow confused the sub i was on . 
  -- -- -- short translation : this argument is actually pretty stupid . 
  they say that some of the refugees are not capable of generating 8.50 through their work as they are not qualified enough . 
  the same is true for some of our unemployed however . 
  i would advocate for adopting the same policy like we deal with the long-term unemployed - minimum wage starting from month 7 of the employment . 
  if we pay like 5 $ , the refugee cant live from that money and will thus rely on government money still , neither does his work have any sense but putting people in work just for the sake of it . 
  it has no benefit for us to do so . 
  having more babies would solve the long-term problems , but not the ones for our near future . 
  we need people for our jobs in 10 years , not in 25 + years . 
  [ here is an article from the guardian about it ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/21/france-population-europe-fertility-rate ) . 
  here is a piece from the [ french govt ] ( http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/french-foreign-policy/economic-diplomacy-foreign-trade/facts-about-france/one-figure-one-fact/article/2-01-the-average-number-of ) . 
  generally it is connected with the facts that france has a ` marriage light ' which allows for more security for people while not forcing the same responsibilites on the people , with a state-supported large number of nannies that take care of children from early childhood if the parents are working and generally good possibilities to have children and work at the same time .
