   our military is designed specifically to fight at least two massive fronts at once , but i question the reasoning behind that strategy . 
  this is also one of the main factors why i think the outrage over the consequences of the lack of nato spending in other countries is overexaggerated . 
  the us has this ridiculous policy , involving these capabilities and maintaining extreme global projection power with multiple , very expensive , carrier fleets . 
  unless walking back from nato would mean that the us would completely change its goals in this regard ( which i doubt ) , your spending would not be affected that much . 
  the same people who are calling for the us to leave nato unless other countries increase their funding ( mainly talking about gop people here ) do not get tired to proclaim how they are going to increase the funding for your military so that it can be # 1 in the world ( ignoring that you could cut it in half and still be # 1 by a large margin ) . 
   we 're definitely the most benevolent superpower though , definitely more so than russia or china would be in our position at the very least . 
  and this is what matters . 
  if the power vacuum you would leave behind was to be filled by china or russia , the world would be a worse place . 
  which makes you a `` force for good '' in my mind . 
   regardless of how you feel about our desert escapades , it 's telling that the government could n't call in a favor , especially in a time of relative vulnerability . 
  this is up for debate i would say . 
  it is a very complicated topic . 
  [ it 's been postponed ] ( https://twitter.com/paris/status/748271290591625216 ) . 
   man , i 'm fucking tired of fighting russians . 
  we fucked up a quarter of the world fighting russians , betrayed every principle this nation has ever stood for fighting russians , pissed away vast amounts of men and money fighting russians , and destroyed an incredible amount of good will in the process . 
  we 've been fighting russians one way or another for over a century and i 'm simply through with it . 
  it may have been for the best , but look at how much your country lost fighting russians . 
  how could you ask that of someone else ? 
  hegemony is fuckin ' overrated . 
  not saying that it has necessarily been a good policy at all times ( even though i believe that currently , there is enough reason not to be too friendly with russia ) , it has been one of the policy goals of your leadership . 
  and for that matter , it * has * been effective in accomplishing your goals . 
  no matter how benefitial achieving them is . 
   and fight the trade deals we want passed tooth and nail i do not think that your side is much better . 
  both of your presidential ( presumptive ) nominees have been outspoken * against * these deals and your population is n't as free-trade friendly as it used to be . 
  i do not think that it is justified to shift the blame on either side . 
  funnily enough , one of the reasons why talks are not progressing is the fact that the us , the main advocate for free trade in the last decades , is n't willing to drop protectionist measures ( `` buy american '' ) . 
   now especially with the brexit , we can count on any influence we may have had in the eu dropping off a cliff . 
  ( thanks britbongs ! ), 
  despite the british thinking otherwise , there has been a shift towards germany anyways in the last few years . 
   but i do n't want any of that being a reality . 
  well , unfortunately the world is n't as pleasant as we would want it to be . 
   but i would be very pleased to see these relationships coming to an end in the somewhat near future . 
  china is seen as a foe by parts of your political elite as well . 
  as a threat to us influence . 
  unless you give up on the goal of maintaining your levels of influence around the world , there is no other way . 
  additionally , one can still ( despite all failures ) maintain the standpoint that the us is a force for good in the world . 
  preventing expansionist measures of china and russia just by involvement in the area * is * a good thing for the world as it makes peace more stable . 
   however , do n't you think it speaks volumes about the amount of influence the us gov really wields if it is incapable of persuading our most steadfast allies to join us in what was essentially a light dust up ? 
  i do think that there is a significant difference between political influence and the power to persuade allies to join a pointless war . 
  it simply was n't realistic to believe that this would significantly improve us security . 
   but how often does this `` influence '' pan out into a solid , tangible benefit this is indeed very hard to measure , yet you can not underestimate this effect . 
  you of course can not put it into a simply cost-profit equation . 
  it is not like the other countries pay you a sum of money to do this . 
  reducing russias influence however is one of the immediate effects , something your country takes interest in . 
  it gives you the power to shape european politics . 
   and it also must be asked , does this hypothetical benefit exist as a result of us nato membership ? 
  well , not necessarily . 
  a relationship of the kind of us-south korea will yield roughly the same results . 
  it does not matter how it is called , the actions matter . 
  however , a nato guarantee that affects all of eastern europe is probably cheaper than putting 30,000 men into each of these countries like you do in sk . 
  the effect is the same - an attack on that country becomes an attack on the us . 
  one by factual reality , one by the legal fiction of a treaty . 
   even still , that goodwill ran out very quickly when it came time to go on the attack . 
  because invading a third country following 9/11 really stretched art . 
  5 to its limits . 
  it was never designed for that purpose . 
   then by all means , let me be the first . 
  do you seriously believe that your influence in for example eastern europe would be as big if you were n't a guarantor for military protection ? 
   i mean , if it 's gon na cause ww3 ... then , you should probably trust in the eu members to realize this before such a war appears on the horizon . 
  it is not like membership in the eu or the ez are mandatory if you want to be in europe . 
  before a country would feel the need to undertake military action , it would just leave the eu/ez for good . 
  apart from that - no country in europe has the manpower required for actions of war anymore . 
  the peak number of soldiers you deployed in iraq ( roughly 170k ) would qualify as a `` large army '' over here . 
  only france , the uk , germany and italy have more soldiers than that . 
  it is not enough to occupy anything in europe ( unless we are talking about luxembourg here ) . 
  oh , wars are polticial affairs in the majority of cases . 
  of course , defense treaties are very political ( just look at russias reaction to everything nato does ) . 
  nobody denys that nato leadership of the us grants you a lot of influence in europe . 
  yet , a call from the us to dissolve the eu and the ez would be met with exactly the same reaction : fuck off . 
  we are not your vassals and you as a country are not directly involved in the eu ( that does not mean that you do n't have stakes in it ) . 
  the us and the uk are both free to criticize the eu for being dysfunctional or whatever . 
  but claiming that it is going to provoke a war inside europe and therefore needs to be dissolved ? 
  come on . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it is a somewhat valid point of criticism given how we reacted to terrorism in the past : terrorism in the eu - let 's light all our buildings in their colours , change our profile pictures , send our leaders to mourn the dead . 
  terrorism just outside the eu ( turkey for example ) - pff , who cares . 
  -- -- -- of couse , we can not care about everyone . 
  we could never stop mourning and our brains are designed not to care about things that happen very far away . 
  but i think it is a good thing to show solidarity with turkey , which is a country that is located very close to us and which is ( despite all differences and problems ) our ally . 
  this however completely ignores that other guy simply said that our own political affairs are none of their business anymore . 
  this does not mean that we stop being allies . 
  it has * nothing * to do with military cooperation in the future . 
  thus , i do not think your comment is in any way justified . 
   russia did n't move westward to nato the only reason why russia did not do that is the fact that nobody * wanted * to join them . 
  how is that even related to what he said ? 
   north ireland vs. england  gibraltar vs england if you name these , you could as well put falklands 2.0 in there . 
  well , we can at least be sure that it wo n't be us this time . 
  this is ... something i guess ? 
  unless russia goes fully mental , i do not see a war in europe . 
  but there certainly will be wars outside the eu . 
  most likely in africa . 
  what about blaming the british for holding a referendum in the first place ? 
  it is certainly not our fault that you left because we did not give you enough goodies . 
  the inability of your politicians in the last few decades to explain what the eu does for the people is one of the main reasons it even came to this . 
  the impression that the eu was just a common market , no rules attached , was a lie that was spread by your media and politicians since the last referendum you held . 
  trying to shift the blame on other people for not doing it the way the british wanted is ridiculous . 
  good . 
  finally we have certainty and can move on . 
  the vw stock was relatively unaffected by this . 
  well , for that we need the populace to trust experts .
