   we 'd get ukrainians or people from balkan for that nonsense . 
  minimum wage . 
  the country of origin simply does not matter as long as this person can fulfill the job we need him or her to do . 
   we 're humans , we should take everyone this philosophy is not being applied though . 
  what you are saying is completely irrelevant ? 
  it simply does not matter whether people want to come here or not - the fact is that we are not doing it because of cheap labour and that it is never the reason for accepting refugees in general . 
  we are not . 
  the deployment is fully within in the boundaries of it . 
   hmm . 
  the only source online says that there is a shortage of the relatively small-warhead hellfire air-to-ground missiles [ 1 ] . 
  us hellfires were apparently shared out with coalition partners who were themselves short [ 2 ] . 
  europe already ran out of ammo while enforcing un resolution 1973 in libya . 
  it is still impressive that the us could run out of supply for some types of weaponry while fighting an enemy with a ` military ' that is significantly inferior . 
   cheaper given the numbers dropped on is , this sounds like a good idea . 
   the f-35 to my knowledge , there have no f-35 been deployed to syria . 
   using money to coerce people to stay in a country they do n't want to be in surrounded by people who do n't like them is n't going to lead to integration . 
  of course not , but it is the least bad alternative . 
  i dont think that there is that much hypocricy in it . 
  maybe a little . 
  but essentially it does not matter whether it is or why we do it . 
  the state of affairs is that we have to reduce the influx significantly , this being for the benefit of both us and the refugees who are already here . 
  this does not rule out us transferring people from turkey/lebanon directly here once the pressure gets lower . 
   that being said , thanks for the nice chat !, 
  whats up with people being nice today ? 
  it has become so uncommon on here . 
  thank you , the same , 
  i did no such thing here . 
  what i meant is that , if a person is registered for poland , he or she will be registered ( with fingerprints & photo ) in a central european database , disqualifying him or her from getting benefits or any kind of support in any other european country . 
  all that this person would get would be a train ticket back to the assigned location . 
  i would not put german financial support off the table completely , though . 
   and so far attempts to force them to move have gone badly . 
  because of a lack of paneuropean organization . 
  if benefits are bound to them staying there , they will stay there . 
  the only reason why it is n't working is because of the mess in europe currently . 
  can say the same . 
  it 's become pretty rare as the topic is extremely polarizing for many people , which is unfortunate . 
  too often , it ends up in namecalling and downvote parties . 
  i disagree . 
  idealism and realism are not necessarily contradictory . 
  accepting refugees in general is pretty idealistic because it bears no benefit for us while creating significant problems ( economically , for the social fabric , for other things ) . 
  however it should be pretty obvious to anybody that there * are * limits . 
  however , our ( constitutional ) law will not differenciate . 
  if someone comes here , we will not be able to say ` oh our law suddenly stopped to apply ' . 
  this wont go that way , which is why we have to try to reduce the influx before our limits are reached . 
  the last consequence would be closing the borders , but we are trying to prevent that . 
  this is actually the least of our problems . 
  experiences of the social workers show that they need some time to adapt , but most * do * adapt after some time . 
  lacking education and training will surely be our main problem . 
   u said that according to german constitution if someone comes to germany through libya you will not be able to send them back , so what will stop this 2 million next year ? 
  our constitution allows us to send back people to safe states . 
  turkey qualifies as one , however the agreement on sending back people there is n't in force yet . 
  greece does * not * qualify as a safe state as the conditions for refugees in this country are reportedly unhumane ( confirmed by both german and european courts ) . 
  the final tool to stop it would be closing the borders , but we hope that we can prevent that . 
   syria and iraq are not the only problem , the half of africa is unfortunatelly fucked up too ... africa is not our problem , honestly . 
  the numbers of africans coming here are laughable compared to the other countries . 
  the # 1 from africa , eritrea also has valid asylum claims . 
   as far as i understand , germany is not giving asylum to everyone , but in the same time you are not able to send the rejected one back to their home coountry . 
  what will happen with this people ? 
  they will get a temporary toleration and will be allowed to stay here for that time . 
  however , if we are talking about rejected people , we are mainly talking about people from the balkans where we have to get more efficient in sending them back . 
  other states are mainly pakistan and afghanistan . 
   we could help 10x more people at their soil . 
  but we choose not to . 
  despite politicians repeating how important it is to support the camps in syrias neighboring countries , there have been no significan payments to support these camps . 
  dumping 2 billions in there would already improve the situation significantly . 
  most of them dont have certificates anyways , so they have to attend education here no matter what . 
  i guess so . 
  however if you are able to read and write in one language , it is easier for you to grasp the concept of another language than it would be for a person completely illiterate . 
   which means that humanitarian concerns do have a limit and are n't as universal as they 're purported to be . 
  partly . 
  yes , there is a factual limit . 
  but no , this is entirely different to setting a random number of people that you are willing to take in . 
   those countries that do n't have the resources to handle the migrant crisis as germany . 
  to be honest , many countries currently hide behind their lack of resources . 
  it 's easier to say that you are not taking in people because you cant than saying that you simply dont want foreigners in your country . 
   see . 
  i do think things are going to change but the influx is unlikely to slow down before 2017 and who knows how this conflict is going to play out . 
  well , at least the influx into germany has significantly cooled down . 
  but people are uncertain about the reasons . 
   i am optimistic that the is will be completly anhilatet as a physical entity in the next 2 years without boots on the ground , preferably arab ones , this is not going to happen . 
  air strikes have a limited impact and the us are already running out of bombs ( no joke ) . 
   assad , the rebels , the kurds , russia , iran , irak , jordan , the eu and the us . 
  you can hardly think about a table of countries with more diverging interests . 
  i unfortunately am not that optimistic , but hey , who knows what the future will bring ? 
  depends on your defition of ` being able to read ' . 
  two thirds of syrians would qualify as ` functional illiterates ' by our standards , however we do not know how much this applies to the people that come here . 
   italy also does not secure well the external european border . 
  to be honest , lampedusa is like the part of the external borders that is the hardest to secure . 
  the only solution to his can be an agreement with libya which is completely unlikely given the divide of that country and the influence of local warlords currently . 
   spain spain has been pretty succesful with preventing people from coming through their borders . 
   we need to send a signal that europe is not going to accept more illegal-migrants if this is not possble under german constitutional law . 
  if someone comes here through libya , we will likely not be able to send them back . 
   if anyone want to get asylum , need to contact the embassy of the particular country . 
  this does n't fly as most european countries do not allow for asylum applications through their embassies . 
  hell , many states do not even * have * embassies in the relevant states . 
  since i am sure that many people ( understandably ) take articles by rt concerning topics like this with a grain of salt , [ here is a reuters article ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-idukkbn0tq2a520151207 ) . 
  first of all we wo n't accept one million this year . 
  secondly , it is unrealistic that this can continue forever . 
  even the overly generous sweden has recently closed its borders . 
  we could possibly manage to accept one million more people , but then we will be over our capacities as well .
