  -- the agreement on the german external debt explicitly mentioned that the country could produce goods it formerly imported so as to achieve a trade surplus and support local producers . 
  but the philosophy behind the agreements forced upon greece and the rules of the eu prohibit such support , whether in farming , manufacturing , or services , since this would contravene ` fair competition ' with other eu countries ( greece 's main trade partners ) . 
  greece is free to produce sufficient food in their own country , however most of their farmers switched to other goods due to eu subsidies for these goods . 
   we could add that after the second world war germany received substantial grants , notably , as mentioned above , through the marshall plan . 
  this was a * loan * granted to germany . 
  the money granted to germany through marshal loans would be equal to around 10 billion euros today . 
  this would not suffice for two months in greece due to debt repayments . 
   by contrast , the interest rates to be paid by developing countries was much higher . 
  a large majority of agreement had rates that could be increased . 
  greece already recieves interest rates lower than most countries , lower than most of the other europeans countries even . 
  government will be necessary to bring the greek economy back on track . 
  it is not like government spending is bad * per se * , just if you put it into the wrong sectors , it is harmful ( or if you simply spend too much ) . 
  the us was the only world power that was basically unharmed by the war at that point . 
  they pushed for it because they were afraid a germany that is not prospering economically could not serve as a stronghold against communism . 
  i am not that sure about connecting it to gdp growth . 
  every government spending is bringing up the gdp , this would mean that they would have to pay twice in this case . 
  generally , i am in for something that is connected to growth or something similar , though . 
  nevertheless , this can only be a short time solution , it would be a pleasant world if we could all repay our loans in terms that match our current financial situation , however that is unrealisitc and unsustainable for the lenders . 
  because applying this mechanism on greece is not possible . 
  greece is neither a major exporter ( greek exports in total are somewhere around 50 billion ) nor is the debt ` small ' enough to be realistically repayed through mechanisms of this kind . 
  a fiscal union wont happen without shared budget control . 
  tsipras already said that this will never happen with him and a lot of other lawmakers feel uneasy about it , no matter the country . 
  there are plenty amas with people aged 100 +, 
  if not for the greek crisis , nobody would know about it probably ( well , asides historians ) . 
  i feel pretty indifferent , however i really dislike how people try to draw lines from 1953 towards the greek situation now . 
  the circumstances were completely different and more importantly the amount of money was ` neglectable ' compared to greece nowadays . 
  what a stupid move . 
  they dont even know how a possible neodrachma/iou/whatever will be valued . 
  this is just symbolic . 
  you could argue a lot of things . 
  some people argue that the eurogroup shouldnt have bought stuff , others say that greece should not have been allowed to enter the ez . 
  all of it doesnt help us now , we need fixes despite the mistakes that were made . 
  btw do you have a good source for that 50 % premium ? 
  where did i say it was the fault of the average greek ? 
  ( you could argue that the greeks are responsible for voting in the people that screwed them over and you could argue that they are responsible for corruption , however saying that it was the fault of them is wrong ) . 
  i am not certain if a bailout limited to money over 100k would have been sufficient . 
  in general here in the sub . 
  it is a bit annoying to call it `` bailout of banks that held debt in greece where some money also went to the greek state '' . 
  everybody knows what it meant . 
  [ only talking about the banks ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) greeces banks were a lot more exposed , both in total and relative to the gdp . 
  ( the list of banks exposed matches the list in your link ) . 
  the private debt is something else , but we are talking about the banks here ( also , the largest ` private ' holder of greek debt were likely the greek insitutions like pension funds etc. ), 
   please clarify ? 
  i really do n't understand . 
  the ` bailout ' money went 90 % to the banks . 
  what would a bail-in look like ? 
  the banks repay their thanks financially to the governments that gave them the money ? 
  the greek banks would have failed without repayment of the greek govt. , forcing them into cutting the savings of the people who deposited money in that banks . 
  i was not talking about specifics , but generally this action is referred as the ` greek bailout ' . 
  and yet , it somewhat bailed out the greek citizens aswell . 
  the german exposure to greek debt was tiny compared to the amount the greek banks held . 
  if not for the bailout , we would have seen a bail-in in greece . 
  foreign media likely wont change the opinion of the german mps . 
   ok , then lots of extreme events happen leading to both ez financial and geopolitical/strategic changes . 
  your choice . 
  a grexit wont cause the ez to collaps . 
   there 's no way they 'd be willing to accept russian troops , ships , or military bases right on the coast of the med and right there in the heart of europe . 
  jokes on you , cyprus already allowed that . 
  geographically thats not that much of a difference to greece . 
   the state of illinois has the same gdp as the netherlands . 
  the state of rhode island has the same gdp as bulgaria . 
  germany is the only state with a bigger gdp than any us state . 
  no matter the size . 
  the netherlands import about 30 billion in goods from the us per year . 
  losing this would put a lot of jobs at danger . 
   which means when the us puts pressure on germany , it will likely do what the us says . 
  as proven in the iraq war and other cases . 
   all the tough talk from extremists wo n't come to pass . 
  which extremists ? 
  ah , you were talking about the banks and not about the debt of the ez , gotcha . 
  for the insure part : the greek govt . 
  would not have been able to grant even a fraction of that sum . 
  if the situation was like this in the us , thing would likely go different . 
  however the us way is generally the right way ( in this case ) . 
  i am pretty sure that the us would step in if the savings of many american citizens were at stake . 
   what he would do is lend the eurogroup the money ( who is the lender ) and in turn ask for collateral . 
  but what would be the point in this ? 
  there is no advantage for anyone in this . 
  quite contrary , in case of a greek default , the european nations would be forced to pay back in full while holding greek debt directly at least allows for possible returns , even if they are only a fraction of the money owed . 
  he would pretty much need all countries . 
  and most importantly , he would need to convince germany itself . 
  if the german parliament doesnt grant money , success wont happen/it would drastically increase the burden for the other countries . 
  the nsa has no implication , because in this case the tables are turned . 
  it is not germany who wants the us to do/stop something , quite the opposite . 
  we are not talking about the trade relationship with bulgaria here , but about germany or the netherlands . 
  greece would not be an emergency as it doesnt threaten the us all that much . 
  you will see , obama will do none of the actions you suggested and he will fail to pursuade merkel & co. 
  [ oxi tshirts made in greece !!!, 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.de/oxi-greece-produkt-t-shirt-schwarz/dp/b0112nd3r0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1436363012&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=made+in+greece ), 
  i agree with you . 
  i suppose that is the greatest obstacle towards a debt relief for greece , right after the unwillingless of the parliaments to grant such a relief . 
  i do not know how you could possibly come to the conclusion that paying greeces debts is a viable option for obama . 
  100 billion dollars is a lot of money , even for the us . 
  you wouldnt find a reasonable majority in either of the houses . 
  because the us has nothing to gain from it . 
  also , he can not really ` threaten ' us by paying greeces debts . 
  actually , he would be met with great appreciation , it is not like we are keen to hold greek debt . 
  you are na\u00efve if you believe that countries like the netherlands or finland would turn against germany in the greek situation because the us tells them to do so . 
  spain and portugal are more afraid of their own opposition parties than the us . 
   german dealings with the nsa after all the revelations says everything necessary about it .
