  canada lost several isds cases where trusting the courts simply was n't enough . 
  the us would have lost the loewen case if that company had n't been bought by an us investor . 
  it is possible that you disagree with me on this , but i consider jury systems less reliable when dealing with foreign investors . 
  this has for example been proven by the loewen case . 
  uhm . 
  it is the concept the german central bank has operated on for decades . 
  and quite successfully so . 
  and your country signed up for this , knowing exactly what to expect . 
  i have seen legitimate concerns , but very few of them . 
  it will be seen as a cost-effective measure to `` help '' governments and thus there will be calls for more . 
  i do not say that the ecb would give in , but there would certainly be calls for it . 
   can i just ask which are the legitimate reasons for isds ? 
  enforcement of the provisions of the trade treaty 2 . 
  ensuring that there is no discrimination of foreign nationals ( this might be legal under domestic law ) 3 . 
  ensuring that foreign investors are actually treated fairly ( this is n't always the case in the domestic court systems ) . 
   well what was very convincing to me was greenpeace , die gr\u00fcnen and others being actively against it . 
  in my opinion , these `` players '' have lost any credibility in this regard by supporting the stop-ttip initiative , which has frequently misled people ( for example chlorine chicken ) and been dishonest about many things . 
  it is quite funny to see how they made the wildest claims about what ceta would bring , only to remove these accusations without any comment from their website when the actual documents were published and showed that few of their concerns were valid . 
  i also disagree with them fundamentally opposing any trade deal with the us or canada without knowing the contents . 
  i am willing to debate the pros and cons of some issues regarding trade agreements , but i am not willing to let them question the concept of free trade in general . 
   i can still understand that people are worried about consumer protection . 
  it 's a really valuable privilege we have , that must be defended . 
  and i can understand this . 
  but i want criticism to be based on facts , not on feelings or expectations . 
  when greenpeace leaked the ttip documents , they made a giant fuss about things that were * not * mentioned in there . 
  the campaigns were led with emotions and not based on facts . 
  point out where i have been misleading . 
   mostly , it has provisions for that goddamn `` investor-state dispute settlement '' that corporations have been trying to lobby in every single trade deal in recent memory . 
  there are very good reasons for including those into ftas/bits . 
   also known as `` corporations get to sue governments , but not the other way around '' provision . 
  fun fact : governments can simply sue companies through their domestic court system without having to fear being put at a disadvantage . 
   ceca that 's the french abbreviation . 
  the `` correct '' ( english ) one is ecsc . 
  few people are . 
  even amongst lawyers , few people have a good understanding of isds . 
  what 's kind of unfortunate is the fact that many of the people who are vocally opposing ttip/ceta because of `` secret private investor courts '' do not have a goddamn clue about that topic . 
  people will not give a fuck . 
  simply because they never have , because the eu is a much stronger player ( compared to india ) and because a trade agreement with either of those countries wo n't be as far-reaching as ttip or ceta . 
  there is a difference between a case against a country and a judgement against a country . 
  a case alone does n't help you . 
  can you link me to that case ? 
  correct . 
  the thing is : most complaints and accusations about isds that people bring against the system are misled and inaccurate . 
  you can not really agree to a set of rules and then complain about it . 
  and no , nobody threatened to `` destroy '' you . 
  draghi stating that countries will have to deal with their target balances is n't outlandish . 
  not really , no . 
  not every disadvantage for selling products is `` unjust '' . 
  actually , few disadvantages are . 
  there is no evidence of this in highly developed and rich countries like the eu member states . 
  neither of these things are in the mandate of the ecb and you knew that when you signed up for the euro . 
   what annoys me is the gov paying $ 4m of my taxes to defend itself against a private entity . 
  but as you mentioned , this is already the case . 
  i just would like the financial burden to be offloaded to the accuser if the case is won by the defendant . 
  this is already the case in newer trade agreements including isds ( `` loser-pays-rule '' ) . 
  this is also the case in ceta ( article 8.39 ) . 
  [ this might be interesting for you ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/november/tradoc_151918.pdf ) . 
  the eu has repeatedly stated that the precautionary principle is n't up for negotiation . 
  of course companies have to accept local laws , but they should have the possibility to challenge unfair laws ( as in laws running counter to earlier promises of the government to the investor which served as the basis for an investment ) and discriminatory laws and actions . 
  there is no fixed definition here , `` fair and equitable treatment '' is the common term in these agreements , but it 's a rather broad term as you can see . 
  it is up for interpretation by the isds tribunals whether something is discriminatory . 
  examples of discriminatory laws are laws where domestic companies receive preferred treatment by the government or where laws are crafted to exclusively affect foreign investors . 
  the mmt `` ban '' by the canadian government was such a case . 
  for this reason , one of the major obstacles in the ttip negotiations were the `` buy american '' clauses applied by public organizations in the us . 
  as i said , this is n't the case here . 
  even the poorest of european countries can afford the ~ usd 4m . 
  which is the average legal cost for each side . 
  what might become problematic is corporations trying to get countries that already are in financial troubles ( and this is mainly greece ) into agreeing to not implementing certain types of legislation . 
  but again , this only is the case when there are major beaches that affect investments of significant value and greece will hopefully become better eventually . 
  despite the enormeous numbers that are being thrown around when it comes to isds , the average sum awarded is around usd 16m . 
  i think it can be reasonable to oppose isds from the standpoint of poor third world countries given the enormeous disparity in power and financial backing , but unfortunately , these are usually the countries that lack reliable governments and court systems and thus increase the necessity for isds from our perspective . 
  this however is n't the case here , as i already said . 
  [ look here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2006/december/tradoc_118238.pdf ) . 
  [ pdf warning ], 
  japan , india and china are on the list . 
  the trials happened in isds courts , not in national courts . 
  i 'd love to explain to you how it works right now , but i am currently on mobile and it would take a bit too much writing . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/36j4rj/ive_read_obamas_secret_trade_deal_elizabeth/creo7lp/ ) a post by / u/savannajeff that you might find interesting . 
  it is essentially isds ( investor-state-dispute-settlement ) in an institutionalized form . 
  it attempts to move the settlement from tribunals that operate rather independently under the roof of major organizations ( icsid for example ) into some kind of court-system . 
  because isds-like mechanisms are in our own interest . 
  in fact , eu based investors are the most frequent users of these mechanisms worldwide . 
  consumer rights are respected . 
  ceta includes wide-ranging `` rights to regulate '' under which souvereign decisions can not be challenged by investors as long as they are n't discriminatory . 
  companies need to be able to sue countries through mechanisms like this since they are at a disadvantaged position in regular courts . 
  not all court systems are equally reliable . 
  even the eec was not the first cooperation of this kind . 
  the ecsc was established six years earlier . 
  and you should really look at the objectives here . 
  the declared goal was to `` make war not only unthinkable but materially impossible '' . 
  it was aimed at the ruhr area in large parts . 
  you do realize that pretty much all tobacco cases were won by the countries ? 
  additionally , there is no country involved here that could be bullied by isds cases ( well , maybe greece ) . 
  there is a difference between tariffs and taxes . 
  nothing will change in this regard . 
  actually nothing about weimar here . 
   eu is basically built upon free trade between european nations to counter economic us dominance . 
  given the history of the eu , this simply is n't true . 
  the us even supported it . 
  the primary reason for the existence of the eu was peace and `` harmony '' in europe .
