  shelter prices have risen 3.2 % over the year and the cost of services excluding energy services is up 2.9 % . 
   the labor department found americans ' inflation-adjusted weekly wages fell 0.2 % in november , as hourly earnings rose but the number of hours worked declined . 
  actors are not payed to represent anything . 
  they are payed to act and if they do it well , they have done their job . 
  if a telecom employee holds the opinions of this singer , it doesnt matter to the company as it should generally not be falling back on that company . 
  however the singer is meant to be a representant of the telecom and as such it is intolerable for him to hold up ` values ' that are completely different to the ones of his sponsor . 
  i really think you do not understand the concept of freedom of speech . 
  if you are working for a company and you are spreading statements harmful for that company and their public reputation , freedom of speech does not protect you from anything . 
  and rightfully so . 
  no company has to accept its employees doing counterproductive stuff . 
  companies are also not bound to the ` freedom of speech ' laws . 
  only the state/government is . 
  i think you are comparing apples with pears here . 
   however , the us relationship will automatically be more confrontational with china given its asian alliances . 
  china is building artificial islands ( and ruining the choral reefs ) directly off the coast of the philippines . 
  china is claiming increased air and water rights from these islands despite international law stating they do not increase either . 
  this has caused the philippines to change its legislation to allow a larger us presence and formally request one . 
  so given alliances like this , taiwan , south korea , etc. 
  the us relationship will be strained with china by default . 
  it is easy to blame the us for being confrontational when nobody expects the eu to lift a finger in the pacific . 
  unfortunately the us does not have the luxury to take such a detached view unless it drops its pacific alliances . 
  i am with you on that issue , however i was not criticising that stance . 
  it is completely fine for the us to stand with its allies in the pacific . 
  the eu has ( caused by geographics alone ) not that close ties with that area , but if they do not engage on that topic , they should certainly not side with china on it . 
  i was criticising the attempts to wager some kind of trade war against china . 
  because this is presented as an isolated issue by some gop politicians . 
  they are not drawing any connection with geopolitical issues and i also do not think that they * are * connected . 
  people do not mean this as some way to punish china for actions in the pacific but as some kind of countermeasure for china ` taking us jobs ' . 
  if china manipulates its currency , the countries that are primarily harmed are chinas direct competitors and not the us or the eu . 
  we need to make peace with the fact that we will never be able to compete with these countries on price , no matter how low or high their currency is valued . 
  the only way we can stand our ground in trade is by superior technology . 
   it manipulates its currency it always depends on what you put in the category of ` currency manipulation ' . 
  qe can qualify for this as well . 
  yes , china is on a different level , but many states try to at least influence their currency . 
  this is also part of many proposals for the euro zone . 
  countries argue that the euro stops them from artificially lowering the value of their currency through their central banks to restore competitiveness . 
   artificially supports its manufacturing sector through substantial state support you mean like the us does with their arms companies ? 
  supporting domestic companies with state funds is not a foreign concept for most states of the earth and it is also not illegal per se . 
   this does not only affect the us , but it especially affects palaces like germany . 
  contrary to the us , the eu politicians try to handle this with cooperation instead of confrontation . 
  in my opinion it is illusory to believe that , as some us politicians claim , the us would get jobs ` back ' if china stopped doing what they are doing . 
  the jobs would simply move to another country and not back to the us . 
  many jobs that were once moved abroad have no potential of ` coming back ' . 
  shoemakers for example . 
   that said , its growth is far from all good growth . 
  much of it goes into nonproductive areas , like supporting private developers who build empty cities . 
  but that is a completely different story and many are concerned whether that type of growth can continue . 
  the head of the uk 's fsa had a good write up recently about some of the issues china faces . 
  one being whether it can continue its debt driven growth at the previous levels . 
  this is a completely different issue however . 
   i am not a china bear , but it is facing some major hurdles that it seems reluctant to face . 
  true , but this is a problem china has to solve , not the us . 
  i also wonder how this will be legally possible . 
  employee : `` so yeah , i want to cancel my 3g subscription '' telecom : `` sorry , but this contract has a fixed duration of 24 months '' employee : '' [ uh ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h22t-tiwilw ) '', 
  the difference is : the telecom is payed for a service they provide . 
  they have done nothing that harms that contract . 
  contrary the statements of the singer in question . 
   as far as i can tell all this singer this was express some mildly politically incorrect views . 
  i do n't think this counts as `` severely misbehaving '' . 
  if your advertising medium does express opinions that run counter to the opinions of the company he is representing , this is ` severe misbehaviour ' as it disqualifies him from properly representing the company . 
   it 's not dt 's job to punish singers either . 
  the dt can freely choose who they want to be represented by . 
  if they dont feel represented by a person anymore ( as it is the case here ) , they are free to cancel that contract . 
   i do not understand why the animosity towards russia exhibited by so many politicians . 
  sure , russia pals around with china i would argue that this is less about china than about invading your neighboring countries and threatening the west ( somewhat ) . 
  what i do n't understand is the us fear of china . 
  politicans suggesting that they are in a ` trade war ' with china . 
  seems that some people can not accept to be overtaken at some point . 
  ` what are we gon na do with all our usa # 1 coffee cups ? 
  we have to stop this ! ', 
   i 'm thinking more long term affects . 
  the name european union for example would be somewhat less legitimate . 
  you got a point , but accuracy is not very present in names of this kind . 
  the united states of america did not manage to unite all states of the american continent . 
  the african union does not include all african states . 
  the eu already does not include all states of the european continent . 
  it would certainly be a big blow to the self-set determination of the eu however . 
   i think we agree , this feels unnatural . 
  not really . 
  if you are choosing someone to represent you , you are free to cancel that contract if said person does or says something that goes up against your core beliefs . 
  its relatively common in the western world to cancel contracts with advertising stars if they severely misbehave . 
  it 's not the governments job to seek revenge in situations like this . 
  all the stupid stuff trump does and says aside , his proposed policy considering russia is a lot more sane than the one of many other gop candidates . 
   the eu is n't just a trading block though . 
  i think the uk leaving will fundamentally damage other areas of the eu . 
  it is n't , but the trading bloc part is what matters in negotiations with the uk . 
  for the fundamental damage - the eu has existed before the uk joining and it will very likely continue to do so . 
  very much would depend on the conditions on which the uk leaves and much more importantly on the effects a brexit would have on the uk . 
  i do not see any country trying to leave immediately afterwards . 
  they will play it smart and look how it plays out . 
  if the uk suddenly starts to prosper more than you did before , yes , it might be an incentive for further countries to leave . 
  but if it goes the other direction , the opposite will be that case . 
   more like in an idealistic scenario . 
  in reality the eu is unable to speak in one voice . 
  i doubt that . 
  every major eu country has a significant interest in a trade agreement with the uk . 
  while i dont think the trade balance plays a major role for the negotiation strength ( i have outlined why ) , the fact that every major eu country has a trade surplus with the uk will set an incentive for these countries to join forces in the negotiations . 
  additionally , its the eu which is responsible for trade agreements and not the member states . 
  a uk/eu trade agreement will be a lot less controversial than ttip or ceta . 
  standards already are harmonized in many areas .
