  they are nice to have , especially if you want to be able to do your thing without relying on anybod , but they are not a given requirement . 
  well , the result is an industry that fails to compete at the top level unfortunately . 
  nexter ca n't find people that buy the leclerc , they also did not sell a single rafale for over a decade ( until very recently ) . 
  this is why people are worried about the fusion of nexter and kmw ( the manufacturer of the leopard ) . 
  people are afraid that france will pull most of the manufacturing into their country due to political pressure ( and also to get easier export conditions ) . 
  this is exactly what i said two posts earlier ? 
  if you do not want to rely on other countries , carriers are the way to go . 
  i am aware of the u.k. carriers , but the current situation proves that they can do well even without carriers . 
  for the current situation , all benefits a carrier provides is the fact that you do not need to build up the supporting structure for your jets in a foreign base first ( like germany does currently ) . 
  arguably none of the recent military engagements resulted in something that would even remotely resemble a ` success ' . 
  we do not have problems with deployment of blue-helmet troops and similar stuff . 
  in the turn of paris , we already increased our efforts in mali and other countries to relieve pressure from the french military . 
  on the other hand , we had the us-lead military engagements in the middle east that were complete failures . 
  even the citizens in countries like the uk are starting to get alienated by results like those . 
  yes they are , but there are certainly other ways to do it . 
  the u.k. and germany are able to carry out missions despite the lack of a carrier . 
  there are a lot of parts that are similar . 
  both sides focused on interchangeability of parts even after the initial [ mbt-70 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mbt-70 ) project failed . 
  the region existed . 
  the same way you can have data for hamburg for 1939 , you can have data for austria i guess . 
  i never claimed that . 
  but it certainly affects the currency quite a bit ( actually it effects the exchange rates more than the inflation rates unfortunately ) . 
  as everywhere in politics , economics and real life , many little things form the big picture . 
  qe certainly leads to devaluation of the currency . 
  i agree hat there is a lot more to it , though . 
  well ... before hitler we were not exactly a force for the good either . 
  `` germany is too small for the world but too big for europe '' . 
  honestly the current sitation with germany is preferable to the alternatives . 
  well , it happens everywhere . 
  the m1 abrahms and the leopard ii are the result of a joint us/west german project . 
  these examples are rather bad currently , as we were able to use italian bases for libya and turkish bases for syria/isis right now . 
  if you do n't want to rely on other countries/expect relations to worsen , it 's the way to go though . 
  it really is . 
  if i am not mistaken , their nominal gdp per capita is en par or even higher than bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , our most prosperous states . 
  your central bank also does n't have a qe programme anymore . 
  i am aware of that . 
  yet greece really falls behind in the inter-euro comparison and , even worse , in comparison to ee . 
  austria might want to have a word on that . 
  well , there are ups and downs for any country . 
  given the amounts of refugees both our countries have taken in , we will likely see the per capita gdp decrease . 
  it certainly would be beneficial if we could channel the european research in this area . 
  but as i wrote elsewhere , the national companies will be reluctant to share their knowledge , fearing that france will drop out again while taking advantage of that gained knowledge . 
  why should they ? 
  they had their fair share on qe , but they do not face the same economic and competivtive problems as parts of the ez . 
  thanks . 
  it 's really saddening to see that greece falls behind this much . 
  there are worse things in life than ` falling on germany 's level ' . 
  especially since it was caused by the gdp of germany growing faster , not by economic recession . 
  if we look further in the past , you will notice that sweden was in front of germany between 2001 and 2012 , the fist half of it was economic downturn for us . 
  there is no shame in either level . 
  i think neither side has to complain about something , yet we surely should strive to improve even further . 
  for finland , it 's a bit more grim given he current economic situation . 
  true . 
  true . 
  nominal and ppp have different scenarios for application . 
  both can be very meaningful or completely misplaced . 
  however putting data from different years with different ways of measurement next to each other without context is relatively pointless . 
  let 's hope that we will never find out . 
  it is a job for non-skilled workers nonetheless . 
  if the pay is too low for the work these people are doing , fine , but do not try to connect the pay to a business that is entirely different . 
  the 2015 data is heavily influenced by the strong devaluation of the euro unfortunately . 
  if you look at [ ppp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ljupvdk.jpg ) france , germany and others are ahead of the u.k. 
  true . 
  the problem is that all the different parties would be very reluctant to share their knowledge , fearing that countries like france will once again drop out and profit from the exposed data . 
  i would not list russia here by the way . 
  nobody bar china has bought recent russian planes . 
  their last export success was the su-30 . 
  interesting . 
  yea that sounds awful . 
  still better than not getting the delivery though . 
  she wo n't finish this project however . 
  she will likely not see the first jet of this kind go into service while being an active politician . 
  the gripen does not really fall in the category of the ef and the rafale however . 
  that 's innate to the business however . 
  the us are no exception here . 
  it 's not optimal but it 's not a specific german problem . 
  the building of military equipment commonly takes too long/gets too expensive/underperforms . 
  the ford carriers are 22 % over the initial budget for example . 
  france also made demands that were unacceptable for the rest of the nations . 
  like technological leadership for dassault and 50 % manufacturing share . 
  pzkw is uncommon though . 
  pzkpfw is the correct term . 
  and even that would be uncommon today as it is just an abbreviation . 
  we like never use the project names for our equipment , that 's why we have names for them . 
  like tiger , leopard , tornado . 
  it should be ppp on both sides . 
  it 's ppp . 
  it is complete insanity to request amazon to pay these people equally to retail workers . 
  personnel having personal contact with customers requires a much higher skill level than just picking up packages from a shelf and sending them somewhere at order of a computer system . 
  did they ever do that ? 
  usually they replace it with poland or france , no import tax applying . 
  you know that tv appearances say nothing about the positions of a person . 
  bolz ' positions are arguably placed in the very conservative area of the political spectrum , bordering right-wing positions quite regularly . 
  there are people in extreme poverty in pretty much any country in the world . 
  it 's unfortunate , but there are no exceptions . 
  maybe liechtenstein or luxembourg but i doubt even that . 
  tichy is arguably a bit of a special case . 
  [ this was very recent ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/may/13/british-gas-norway-russia ) and i am pretty certain that the amount of energy purchased from russia in between these years has increased more than germany 's . 
  i unfortunately ca n't provide a source right now since i 'm on mobile . 
  hence my initial wording that i do n't understand why they make it that big of an issue .
