  it is not about saving everyone , it is about the fact that the relevant fundamental rights of our constitution apply to everyone on our soil . 
  would i deport criminals ? 
  yes . 
  but not to locations where their health or life is endangered . 
  this has nothing to do with liking criminal foreigners , it is about the rule of law . 
  applying this logic : why stop at refugees ? 
  void all rights of criminals , no matter the nationality . 
  nope . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the legal safeguards of our constitution rightfully do not care about your legal status when it comes to protecting the lives or health of people . 
  i seriously get sick of people who are willing to throw the most sacred legal principles over board to get vengeance on a few people , ignoring that doing so would harm everybody , including the native population . 
   tell me again about the great police work after new years eve and how many of the victims from that night found at least some justice with their perpetrators sitting in jail right now . 
  this would n't be any different if we threatened to deport these people ? 
  the sentence does n't matter if you ca n't catch them . 
  no matter if deportation , prison or capital punishment . 
   good thing you 'd rather see the lives of germans at stake though , because of those poor , poor moroccans and algerians fleeing from war . 
  you completely misinterpret what i wrote . 
  i was talking about not deporting refugees - syrians , eritreans and the likes . 
  it is completely fine to deport to northern africa ( well apart from libya maybe ) . 
  the crime rates have not changed by the way . 
  it should n't . 
  we are beyond the times where committing a crime would make all your own rights void . 
  there is also this : if you open it up for severe crimes , despite all constitutional and human rights concerns , people will very quickly demand to deport refugees for lesser crimes . 
  it is the rule of law what matters most . 
  fortunately , our constitution is enforced by professionals and not by the public - making this a bit of a non-discussion as there is no change possible no matter what . 
   rape and assault should be reasons to send people back no matter what . 
  nice talk but it simply does n't work that way . 
  we rightfully do not put the life of people at stake , no matter what they did . 
  it is not like they would get off without punishment anyways . 
   you adapt or you perish ( to quote triple h ) . 
  throwing around quotes does n't change constitutionals principles and safeguards . 
  and rightfully so . 
  art . 
  1 is the * essence * of our constitution , it is the direct response to the atrocities committed during the third reich . 
  even attempting to change it would be foolish and extremely short-sighted . 
   yeah , i need a bit more than that . 
  increased influx of migrants that do n't pay taxes will deplete resources if the influx is above a certain threshold . 
  trust me , i studied numbers . 
  not all of them , but a sigfnificant share will eventually pay taxes . 
  the influx is n't on a level where it would not be sustainable . 
  most of these people wo n't be here forever  and rejecting every idea with `` that is n't possible because of treaty x , law y just is n't helping . 
  it might be the pc thing to do but reality will catch up . 
  calling this ` political correctness ' indicates to me that you have little knowledge what you are talking about . 
  the human rights established after world war two are the accomplishment of generations of people , the result of a century of suffering . 
   how exactly are you planning on educating more than a million people to be on par with the average german ? 
  they do not need to be en par . 
  it is enough of their skills suffices to get a job . 
   school at the age of six , the people arriving here do n't speak german and two thirds ca n't even read or write . 
  w\u00f6\u00dfmann was just speculating , the first representative data paints a different picture . 
   how can you educate them so well that an employer will make no distinction between them and a german ? 
  given the large number of unfilled jobs and apprenticeships , this not even necessary . 
   you are forgetting the one million that comes in family reunification . 
  i was talking about the unlikely scenario where all of them end up in benefits . 
  wo n't happen . 
   til germany has an unlimited amount of money . 
  it is not unlimited but due to our reliability as a debtor , there is no realistic scenario where we would ` run out of money ' . 
   there is n't only one law that stands in the way of multiple ideas . 
  there are other ideas that go one way or another against some laws or treaties . 
  when it comes to the benefits for asylum seekers , it is this one ( constitutional ) law that stands in the way of a change . 
  everything else does not involve a decrease in benefits . 
   also , as i said , depending on the influx in the next year i would accept a change of that article if need be . 
  it doesnt matter what * you * want . 
  in fact , it doesnt matter what * anybody * wants in this regard . 
  art . 
  1 gg is protected by the * ewigkeitsgarantie * of our constitution , there is no way of changing it . 
  trust me , i am a lawyer . 
   it does n't help anybody if the state runs out of money . 
  it just does n't though . 
   the federal health insurances are running out of money , which is why they are getting an extra fix from the government , despite having reported a big plus at the end of last year . 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
  you do realize that 1.5 billions is pretty much nothing ? 
  we have way more budget leeway currently . 
  look at what the parties are throwing around in terms of tax reductions , additional spending etc. 
  currently - while maintining a balanced budget . 
   while that is true at the moment , refugees cost more than they bring in . 
  at least short-term , that 's accurate . 
  long-term we will have to see . 
   so if we accept too many poorly educated refugees that we ca n't get work then the government will run out of money sooner or later . 
  i am not saying this point has already reached or will be reached soon but i am very much not in favour of waiting until then . 
  lets assume the whole million accepted refugees stays on benefits - this would mean that we will have a whole million people * less * on benefits than we did in 2005 - and we were n't running out of mone y then . 
  nowadays , our economy is in a much better shape than it was then and we have more people in work and a lot more tax income for the government . 
  your fear does not have any rational basis . 
  there is literally no scenario where we `` run out of money '' . 
   unfortunately that means though that the majority comes from places with higher birth rates , at least as far as i can see on a quick glance , which means more family members will follow . 
  but yeah , the actual number remains to be seen . 
  it does n't since you do not account for rejected applications . 
  around a third of applications is rejected , which means that the share of syrians amongst the people accepted is close to 50 % , if not above that mark . 
   maybe not should , but could . 
  you fail do understand the situation . 
  the height of the benefits is based on art . 
  1 gg which ca n't be changed . 
   that depends . 
  if we had unlimited resources i would somewhat agree . 
  but we do n't have unlimited resources and imo a state should first protect its own citizens . 
  given our position this argument does n't make sense . 
  we do not have budget problems due to the spending ( we are actually spending less money than projected on refugees ) . 
  no unemployed person in germany gets less money due to the refugees here . 
  why not ? 
  it does n't do her any harm .
