   `` forbidden '' by what eu legislation exactly ? 
  the obvious restrictions that come to mind are based on environmental and worker protection . 
  maybe better not to mention that , though . 
  actually he is correct on that one . 
  only the eu is allowed to negotiate trade agreements and investment treaties . 
  the nation states gave up their right to do that . 
  this was implemented a few years back and the grace periods ran out as well . 
  the nation states are only allowed to finish negotiations that begun before these rules were made . 
  if it drops 15 more cents ( in dollar per pound sterling ) we will have an all-time low . 
  it is you who fails to see the difference . 
  nobody says that there will be no free trade between eu and the uk . 
  single market access however will very likely not happen . 
  the rebate has always been justified however . 
  the uk has a different economic structure , effectively ensuring that they will have net payments much higher than it would be justified . 
  the opt outs on the other hand ... 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4q4sn5/eu_to_say_au_revoir_tsch%c3%bcss_to_english_language/d4q5zek ), 
   brussels -- the u.k. 's departure from the european union will erode the status of the english language in eu institutions to the benefit of french and german , with the bloc 's executive arm already moving to ditch english from some of its official communications . 
   even before the british government has officially lodged its intention to leave , the european commission has made a symbolic decision to focus on french and german in statements to the press and speeches , according to two eu officials . 
   although the eu has 24 official languages , only english , german and french are recognized working languages in the bloc 's executive arm . 
  `` we will use more french and german , '' said one of the officials . 
   in his speech to the european parliament tuesday , commission president jean-claude juncker is expected to address lawmakers in just french and german , the two officials said . 
  that breaks with a long tradition of trilingual speeches by mr. juncker . 
   `` english will remain a working language , but of course there is a symbolic move there , '' said the first official . 
   the commission move is unlikely to push english out as the lingua franca of the eu . 
  english will remain one of the bloc 's official languages , since it 's also spoken in ireland and malta , and it will remain the working language of the european central bank . 
  it is also the main language used by the many non-native english speakers in brussels , including eu officials , lawyers , lobbyists and journalists . 
   but some officials working in the institutions worry that the departure of the u.k. , and the expected sidelining of british eu officials , will mean more meetings will be held in french or german -- excluding those who have focused on english as their main foreign language . 
  others pointed out that focusing on french and german will further entrench the power of berlin and paris , excluding countries in the eu 's north , south and east that are already losing a political ally . 
   at the commission 's daily media briefing monday , chief spokesman margaritis schinas made his opening statement in french only , rather than the usual french and english . 
  friday and over the weekend , mr. juncker also gave statements and interviews only to german media -- a decision that the officials said was deliberate . 
   the commission and mr. juncker are n't discarding the language of shakespeare altogether . 
  mr. schinas answered questions in english monday , and mr. juncker is expected to continue making statements in english when it is appropriate , for instance at a planned appearance with slovakia 's prime minister robert fico on friday , one of the officials said . 
   but giving french and german more prominence in commission briefings will create problems for journalists who have the important task to explain often-complex policies in their home countries , said pablo rodr\u00edguez , a correspondent for spanish daily el mundo . 
   `` eighty percent of the correspondents here will have much more trouble getting into the details , '' he said . 
  mr. rodr\u00edguez also speaks french , but said that -- like many foreign correspondents in brussels -- he feels much more comfortable in english . 
   several members of the european parliament also worried that mr. juncker 's decision not to speak english might send the wrong message , not only to the british people . 
   `` it 's as provocative as some of the arguments of the leave campaign . 
  now we should react with openness and generosity , '' said sorin moisa , a center-left lawmaker from romania . 
   `` it 's like children in the playground , '' said cecilia wikstr\u00f6m , a centrist mep from sweden . 
  `` brexit is to me so dramatic , so huge ... that we should n't react in this symbolic way . ''  ms. wikstr\u00f6m said that keeping english now could actually make communications in the eu a bit fairer , since most of those speaking it would be using a foreign language . 
   `` i was always frustrated that native speakers had such a huge advantage , '' she said . 
  they have * announced * to kill the agreement a few days back . 
  like they did last month . 
  and two months ago . 
  and four months ago . 
  and ... you get the point . 
  i think we can keep throwing scientific papers on each others heads for days . 
  the issue is that it is indeed very hard to measure and that different studies apply different metrics and will thus come to different conclusions . 
  i would like to point out that the wto paper you linked comes to a bit more nuanced conclusion than it is visible from the abstact . 
  the other paper you linked is from the ccsi which is hardly impartial on this issue . 
   we examine the impact of bilateral investment treaties ( bits ) on bilateral fdi stocks using extensive data from 1985 until 2011 . 
  we correct for endogeneity using indicators for governance and membership of international organisations . 
  we find that ratified bits increase on average bilateral fdi stocks by 35 % compared to those of country pairs without a treaty . 
  upper middle income countries seem to benefit the most from ratified treaties whereas high income countries with high governance levels do not profit at all . 
  in addition , lower middle and low income countries experience significantly larger inward fdi stocks from partner countries . 
  distinguishing by region , we find that ratified bits increase fdi stocks mainly in east asia and middle & eastern europe . 
  [ source ] ( https://ideas.repec.org/p/cpb/discus/298.html ), 
  thanks !, 
  it is kind of unfortunate that there is rarely a balanced debate on the issue . 
  anywhere . 
  the media is misrepresenting the topic in large parts , the campaigns against it stay as vague as possible to ensure that they continue their fearmongering and a good discussion on reddit rarely happens . 
  usually it ends up with messages full of insults and a lot of downvotes . 
  nope . 
  only members of the government and their corps enjoy dimplomatic immunity , as well as `` regular '' diplomats . 
  the immunity of regular mps is limited to their own country . 
  the eu is aiming for an investment court for both ceta and ttip anyways , lets see what comes from that . 
  i do not think that isds is particulary dangerous , but it certainly is n't perfect and if people manage to improve it , why not ? 
  as long as there is any kind of investment protection , i am all for it . 
  sturgeon has a much stronger position than this guy does . 
   yet many countries that have an isds agreement are now desperately trying to get out from under them . 
  `` many '' . 
  the vast majority of countries does not abandon isds but strives to make it better . 
  by signing the mauritius convention for example ( this means that uncitral finds application if both states have signed this agreement ) . 
  or by attempting to institutionalize it . 
   that did n't work out quite as planned . 
  so what ? 
  everybody who signs up for isds should know that they could also be at the recieving end of claims . 
   i 'm sure some expert is going to sweep in and say there 's a perfectly reasonable explanation for that , but as a layman that looks fishy as fuck . 
  the thing is : yes , the us has not lost a case to this date . 
  yes , there was a bit of shady stuff involved ( one of the judges in loewen v. us was heavily influenced by the us , however the case would have ended anyways since the company was bought by an american company iirc ) . 
  but isds has evolved in the last few years . 
  the whole thing has become very professionalized , the connections of the respective judges are well-known by now . 
  isds treaties include the right to decline the appointed judge of the most of the cases involving the us have been completely fine however . 
   what is conveniently left out here , is that those treaties by and large involved at least one party that was seen to have a questionable justice system . 
  from an european standpoint , the us system * can * be questionable at times ( pointing at loewen v. us again ) due to it being a jury-based system . 
  juries are much more likely to discriminate against foreigners than appointed judges . 
  elected judges can pose a similar problem . 
  i honestly would prefer to have this protection for our industries . 
   in fact , that 's actually why europe invented this isds thing . 
  to protect private holdings in former colonies . 
  somewhat . 
  but for example one of the first investment treaties of germany ( we basically invented this stuff ) was with greece . 
  we have treaties of this kind with pretty much any country in the world . 
   i just spent a couple minutes googling on what the primary factors are in deciding in which country to invest . 
  because investments are totally dependent on what google has to say ... come on !, 
   transatlantic investment flows are the largest in the world . 
  does not speak against isds . 
  the us and the eu are * by far * the most relevant origins of investments in the world . 
  this is pretty much a strawman . 
  just because the investments already have a giant volume does not mean that they can not be larger .
