  yes , hitlers actions might have eventually influenced the uk to leave india . 
  but at what price ? 
  at the price of nations in ashes , at the price of between 50 and 80 million human lifes . 
  plus it was not even the intention of hitler to get uk to release india , it was a ` pleasant side effect ' if you want to call it that way . 
  churchill being no good human being is quite another side , which however should not play any greater factor in judging germany . 
  no , it doesnt . 
  but you named the middle east , which , at least according to some definitions , saudi arabia is part of . 
  does that make hitler a better person ? 
  well , reading about you trying to teach me about the `` great accomplishments of hitler as an economist '' it lets me worry . 
  i have actually talked to a lot of saudis , all of them were horrendously uneducated on that matter . 
  why should i be looking from the american perspective ? 
  you said you want to read about history . 
  i wonder what you think you can get out of that book regarding history . 
  its stupidly badly written and you can not really learn much from it . 
  it is full of logic disconnects and you can not really get much from it unless you are viewing everything in context . 
  i can not really comment on that ` greater evil ' thing , however i suppose this view is pretty exclusive to indians . 
  check the article i linked . 
  why do you own that book then ? 
  wtf ? 
  how and why are you calling me a genocide sympathiser ? 
  the sales of `` mein kampf '' are arguably not that ` bad ' in india . 
  even indian university professors are confirming the point i made . 
  [ here is a article of the telegraph about it ( even though i dislike the telegraph , it was the first source i found ) ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/india/5182107/indian-business-students-snap-up-copies-of-mein-kampf.html ) you also disregarded everything else i said . 
  sorry to destroy your impression , but hitler brought the german economy ` back on track ' by heavy borrowing and war preparation . 
  you do not need to be someone special to do that , in fact everyone could do that . 
  its not a good way which is nowhere near sustainabilty however . 
  welp . 
  i read some newspapers claiming that some people in india are actually studying hitler to learn how to get a country back on track , actually it is just plain stupid . 
  i dont even gon na bother going through all the stuff that is mentioned in your articles . 
  just so much : when ww2 started , german finances were in ruins . 
  hell yeah , you can fix unemployment by massive investments into public work , like road construction , however the money needs to come from somewhere . 
  putting millions of people in conscription to fight unemployment is just a retareded move and not sustainable . 
  labor unions were prohibited , opposition slashed , people jailed and killed . 
  autarky is a stupid concept given germanys position . 
  as seen in the later states of war , we did not accomplish it in the slightest , we simply ran out of fuel and steel . 
  granting everybody a cheap radio was not meant to improve their standard of life , actually it was the most powerful propaganda instrument of that time . 
  the kdf is an instrument of the kind socialistic governments use . 
   germany plunged into the chaos of inflation . 
  one us dollar cost 4.2 trillion deutsch marks . 
  people were lining up for food brings bags of money along . 
  that was the time when adolf hitler urged the nation to switch to dictatorship to rescue the nation 's economy . 
  actually hitler tried a putsch in 1923 . 
  when he came into power , the hyperinflation was long gone . 
  all of the stuff you linked has an essential mistake : literally every country that went into war preparation saw its economy improve , saw people getting work and the life standard improve . 
  take a look on the us when they started their military production for ww2 . 
  hitler was no economic magician , the autobahn was * not * invented by him and the huge improvements in technology were due to the war . 
  i could go on , but i think you get the point . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i am sure that everyone is pretty aware of the two most prevalent topics - immigration and the greek crisis . 
  both tend to ` take over ' the whole sub , everything getting posted in 4 different articles . 
  sometimes you just want to catch a break . 
  what massive developments are you talking about here ? 
  as i said , it is hard to force someone that has just conquered the whole of europe out of office with a coup . 
  why would you change a ` winning ' concept ? 
  if germany had won the war , hitler would have been the most popular guy ever . 
  why should anybody attempt to contest him ? 
  yes , of course there is the potential for an assassination , but all the attempts failed . 
  have you read about how germany looked like before ww2 ? 
  and by looking i mean everything . 
  we had an earlier attempt on democracy that failed horribly . 
  there was not a single german revolution that was successful ( besides 1989 if you want to call it one ) . 
  uhm . 
  i 'll go with a yes here . 
  if we had won the war under hitler , the world would be a really shitty place right now . 
  of course the loss was really devastating , lots of our people got killed , our cities got bombed to ashes , but the alternative is not exactly more promising ( not taking the discussion whether bombing homes was necessary ) . 
  well , maybe for us germans , the rest of the world would have been worse off . 
  in general , losing the war has turned germany for the better . 
  contrary to the time before , we have not started a war since ages and our society got a lot more open . 
  according to the iaea , their potential to verify these claims has been severely undermined in 2005 . 
  thats why i questioned how much truth lies in this . 
  nevertheless , faulty translation or not , irans tone has not been friendly towards israel , quite the contrary . 
  dont get me wrong , i really think that israel is to blame for a lot of it as well ( assassinating nuclear scientists , sabotaging , etc ) , but i think we can be quite fine with the current agreement . 
  i do not deny the right to research nuclear power to iran , in fact they are in need of energy , however they could have probably gotten a deal of this kind a lot earlier . 
  thats what i mean by `` own fault '' . 
  i think nobody ( besides israel ) has a real problem with iran having nuclear powerplants , as long as the threat of them building a nuke can be eliminated . 
  even the iaea suspected that iran was researching and testing for nukes in e.g. 
  parchin ( in 2000 ) . 
  this should outline that they certainly had the will do deveop something of this kind at least at some point in time . 
  ahmadineschads predecessor said that `` a single nuke could erase israel '' . 
  chamenei [ called ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/9059179/iran-we-will-help-cut-out-the-cancer-of-israel.html ) israel a `` cancerous tumor that should be cut and will be cut '' no matter how much truth lies in these statements , iran has expressed a very negative view on the existence of israel , which does not make a nuclear armed iran more desirable . 
  i am aware that nobody in iran would probably serously consider firing a nuke on israel as it would mean their own destruction and i am also aware that iran has not invaded countries for decades . 
  however , iran getting a bomb would prompt an arms race in the whole region , and anything that his region does * not * need is more arms . 
  iran has enriched nuclear material way above the levels needed for the use of peaceful nuclear energy . 
  yes , military sites are sensitive , however there have been repeated offers to support iran operating nuclear powerplants in return for supervision . 
  well ... erich honecker fled prosecution ( from the gdr actually ) to moscow . 
  once jelzin got into power , he threatened to expel honecker , who then fled into the chilean embassy . 
  after he was forced to leave that embassy , he was brought to germany and held in trial retention . 
  since honecker was very sick at that time ( he had cancer , life expectancy below two years , likely he would not have seen his final judgement ) , our constitutional court ruled that it would be unconstitutional to put him into trial and released him . 
  he afterwards flew to chile ( where his daughter lived ) and died one year later . 
  his wife , who used to be a minister in the gdr still lives in chile and celebrates the gdr in obscure events [ like the 60 . year celebration of the foundation of the gdr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glortnlxwlc ) there have been prosecutions , but not all that many . 
  erich mielke , the head of the * stasi * was prosecuted by the gdr , but then released , he later got a jail sentence by the a court of the united germany for a murder he committed in 1931 . 
  israel has the support of the most powerful military and economic power in this world . 
  india did not threaten to erade anybody from the world map . 
  pakistan was n't exactly friendly , but they did not announce something like this either if i am not mistaken . 
  also , iran pursued with it despite threats of being sanctioned , they did not run into the sanctions unaware that they would come . 
  this does not force anybody to engage in nuclear development . 
  i think we should leave all this behind , no hard feelings , i do not really need an apologize to move on . 
  ( the western allied troups also raped quite a significant number of women , i dont think there has been an apology , victors seldomly apologize ) . 
  so far , we have a scheduled budget surplus of $ 5bn for this year . 
  i would say the money is the lowest challenge with this .
