   we voted against the european constitution in 2005 and the yes got forced upon us two years later . 
  again , the constitution was n't even about the ecb or the euro . 
   in 2012 we elected hollande on the promise he would negociate the treaties with germany . 
  he didnt do anything and just signed . 
  he was n't in a position to negotiate anyways . 
  if you bellieved that he was , it is your fault to be honest . 
   how can juncker still be president of the european commission after luxleaks ? 
  this is n't even relevant to the topic ? 
   how does it makes sense for east european workers to come here and to work for their native country income , while we have 10 % unemployement ? 
  do n't you have a minimum wage ? 
  that 's an unfounded claim . 
   frankly , if other countries cant see we have legitimates concerns and are not ready to talk about it , then we have nothing to do in the eu . 
  there is a difference between `` legitimate concerns '' and wanting to remodel the whole ez after a french utopian model . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  it 's also a very specific kind of demographic on here . 
  people tend to forget that they can not compare reddit in any way to the real life . 
  this is n't something we mods can influence however . 
  we do not drive the narrative here , that 's simply the userbase . 
  posts and submissions from both sides are allowed and we will not try to create an artificial balance because this would equal censoring part of the debate without proper justification . 
  we have rules that apply to everyone equally , it is up to the users to make the sub what it is . 
  this changes from time to time though . 
  we had times where the majority was critical of greece in the euro crisis , we had the time where the vast majority was mad at germany during the peak of the refugee crisis . 
  i predict that brexit is just yet another period of this sub that will eventually end . 
  was n't us . 
  and considering the case of / u/democritus1 :  since my submission got deleted ... i 'll post it here . 
  his post was n't deleted by us , it simply got stuck in the automod . 
  nothing about censorship in this regard . 
  however , this is a more appropriate place anyways as we do not allow meta threads on the main sub . 
   if it is the truth . 
  i do not see the relevancy of your argument about this family in any way here . 
  they are completely irrelevant to what is true and what is not . 
   that he was insane at the time of the crime and was in a state of intense emotional distress . 
  he can be in that state even when she was n't his girlfriend . 
  his line of defence was actually ( for a while ) that he heared voices telling him to do it . 
  but that was proven to be a lie and he stepped back from that claim . 
  it fits the narration of german media about incidents with muslims ( trying to find any other reason that could excuse the attacker ) . 
  it 's done imho to calm down german society . 
  i disagree . 
  it actually does n't matter whether she actually liked him or not , what matters is his motive . 
  it was an act that was motivated by him being pissed about her having other relationships . 
  whether he actually was her boyfriend or not does n't change that . 
  we can rule out that this had any ideological background . 
  it 's good line of defence . 
  against what ? 
  it really does n't make a difference , legally speaking . 
  there is testimonies of her friend that she was complaining that he ` constantly confesses her love and torments her ' . 
  can not comment on that . 
  but as i said , in the end it does n't really matter . 
   and let 's not forget that this woman had family , had 4 children and such a accusations could make a sorrow for them . 
  personal feelings of affected people should not be a justification to twist the truth . 
  actually this makes a lot of sense . 
  at the time where these people went to germany , turkey was n't exactly prospering , so this move reduced the unemployment rate in turkey and thus reduced pressure on the state . 
  additionally , there are the monetary transfers from the guest workers home which actually were the most important source of foreign currencies for turkey over a long period . 
  every german media outlet says that it was his girlfriend though , and so did the prosecuting attorney . 
  it was also stated by the police after he was detained and by himself during the trial from what i see . 
  there are good reasons why we have banned capital punishment in the eu . 
  well , given that he 'll be serving at least 15 + years , there is an actual possibility that syria might be stable until then . 
   leaving aside the feasibility of a middle-of-the-road agreement then , considering france and germany and their respective blocks have different economic interests , what do you think they and the eu should do ? 
  there is a great variety of things possible , this includes fiscal transfers between richer and poorer states or eu supervision of budgets . 
   does france leave the eu as you seem fine with it ? 
  i do not want france to leave the eu . 
   ( do n't play eu/ez semantics game please , we both know there are no mechanics to leave one but not the other ) i disagree on that . 
  this only is the case if a state leaves the ez against the will of everbody else and then defaults on the debt that is owned to these states . 
  this is why exiting the euro would have meant leaving the eu for greece ( apart from the case of sch\u00e4ubles proposal with an assisted suspension of greeces euro membership ) . 
  i am convinced that there can be established a way for france to leave the euro , but it would have to involve clearing the target-2 balances of france first . 
  then , there is also the issue of euro-denominated debt . 
  france would have to honour this debt , unilaterally defaulting on it or converting it into another currency ( new franc ) would equalize a french default which would have extremely negative consequences on the economies of france and the rest of the eu . 
   are you morally fine with subjugating france to german economic principles ? 
  yes . 
   how do you justify it ? 
  with the success of the respecitve models . 
  with the fact that you ( or rather your politicians/elite ) willingly signed up for `` our '' model . 
  with the fact that only an independent central bank can work in a currency union as we are all accountable for central bank obligations . 
  independent central banks force the political elite to come up with sound proposals for economic policy and budgeting . 
  i sincerely doubt that anyone in france yearns for high inflation and high yields on state bonds ( before it was clear that the euro would in fact be created , france had yields that were above 5 % higher than they are today on 10y bonds ) . 
  additionally , it is worth noting that the unemployment figues of france are still below the level where they were through the 90s , before france joined the euro . 
   nobody says it 's going to be an easy agreement . 
  it is an * impossible * agreement . 
   the thing is , germany and its block , and france and the block it could form with spain , portugal , italy , greece , need different things , and the current eu only favors germany and its block . 
  so you 've got two options : transform france and its block so it benefits from the current eu direction , or change the eu direction so it favors both block . 
  i 'm leaving the frexit option out , because i do n't want it either . 
  there is no middle way on central independence and most of the stuff that has been proposed . 
  a central bank is either independent or it is n't . 
  and this is non-negotiable for germany . 
   that germany would never allow for the eu to adopt policies that favor southern eu , not because they hate france and spain and others , but because such policies would go against their deepest values . 
  it 's inconceivable to them . 
  inaccurate . 
  germany has always made concessions to other parts of europe , but this is n't a place where you can make concessions . 
   what are we doing in a union with them then ? 
  you are mixing eu and ez . 
  most of what m\u00e9lenchon proposes here is euro - or central-bank related . 
   if it 's about free trade , we can trade freely between us without the eu . 
  we 're big economies and blocks , we both want to continue trading with each others , it 's not like leaving would mean we completely cut ties and become enemies . 
  a trade agreement will always be inferior to the single market . 
   but we can trade without one block imposing it 's deep rooted economic principles on the other . 
  that way both block grows and the whole gets better , instead of the current situation of a strong german and northern core and sad vampirized periphery . 
  again , this is not related to the eu . 
  this is ez .
