  lufthansa obviously because they need airports for their business and the two governmental bodies have been holding these stakes since the foundation of the fraport ( they have reduced their share slightly since , but still ) . 
  why are you asking ? 
  while they are still partly owned by the state , they act as an independent company and they are capable of running their business . 
  still somewhat ethics . 
  many people do not breach the law even though they could get through with it because of ethics . 
  yes , it does make sense . 
  however the solution has to be ` lets improve our own country so these people would stay here ' rather than ` its the fault of the rich country offering better conditions ' . 
  we live in a free world , prohibiting people to leave the country should be a thing of the past . 
  most of the airports in question are too small , running a deficit and lack even fundamental services like medical care . 
  fraport is not known for immediately laying off people . 
  most of the fraport shares are held by institutions that have no interest in short-time maximization of profits but want long-time profitability . 
  why do you think privatization is bad in this case ? 
  the greek govt has proven that they are incabable of running these airports on a surplus and they have failed to invest into the airports . 
  sounds like classic mismanagement of a government-owned business to me . 
  this could have been completed half a year ago , investments could already be rolling in . 
  however syriza blocked the ( finished ) deal when they came into power , only wanting to sell 7 ( net-loss-operating ) airports instead of 14 . 
  this is actually nothing but a proxy argument against immigration in general . 
  i sincerely doubt that people that bring this up ( at least politicians ) really have the country where these people come from in mind . 
  these people are eligible for immigration anywhere anyways , so unless you want to completely abandon immigration , these people will be able to go whereever they want . 
  it has been proven that highly educated people leaving their home countries actually do more for improving that country than all development funds together since many of them are transferring back money , allowing other people to pick up decent education and improve their life standard . 
  yes , some countries seriously suffer from a lack of doctors , however who is going to blame these doctors not wanting to work in a bad environment with below-average pay ? 
  it will actually decrease a lot ( after another increase maybe ) . 
  the weather conditions make it prime time for refugees , the numbers will be going down a lot once we are in september or october . 
  these ethics are basically everything that set us apart from countries with extreme nationalism , countries which we think are less developed , countries that we think handle other people in an inhumane way . 
  it took us a long time to develop these ethics and we follow them for good reason . 
  because we would expect other countries to take us in given the case of war in our own country , despite it being very unlikely . 
  if you asked the common people , we would likely not even part of the eu . 
  i disagree . 
  at least not if it only affects peripheral interests or only in a minor way . 
  doubt that . 
  because the people who ` suffer ' a decrease of life quality are not the ones who have a say on the issue . 
  of course , they can vote in anti-immigrant parties , but at least in germany this is not going to happen . 
  i fear that there is no simple fix for the current situation . 
  everything we do wont stop the influx of refugees unless we make fortress europe a reality . 
  which is inhumane and violates treaties and the echr . 
  thats true . 
  however i dont think anything is going to happen unless someone gets severly harmed by it . 
  let them violate the red lights and the speed limits , if that is the price for a functioning diplomacy between states without diplomats having to fear repression , i am willing to ` pay ' it . 
  yes , but there are circumstances where a diplomat might actually need to violate traffic rules , also they could be used to ` punish ' or limit diplomats . 
  i think there is no way around it . 
  not sure if serious . 
  agreed , however you can not apply the rules for general immigration on refugees . 
  of course , it is better for everyone if it is possible to fix the problems in the home countries of these people , but until that is accomplished , we will have to bear the burden of large numbers of refugees . 
  teachers without borders is extremely unlikely to happen . 
  you do not need to speak a language other than english to be a doctor , however you certainly need to to be a teacher . 
  the problem with refugee centers is : where are you going to locate them ? 
  certainly not in syria . 
  if we place them in the neighboring country , the amount of refugees we get will increase significantly . 
  it is one thing to apply for asylum from your neighboring country , the ( current ) way to europe is a lot harder . 
  i think nobody would deny that most syrians have valid asylum claims , however why would you apply for asylum in a poor country if you could apply to germany , sweden or even the uk from the ` safety ' of that said country . 
   if any person from my state would be hurt by an immigrant - then millions of them can burn in hell they crawled from . 
  then i am sorry that you project the doings of a single person on a whole group . 
  people that certainly have gone through hell . 
  do you also act with the same harshness towards people commiting crimes that just happen to be born in your country ? 
   ( look at the immigration system in ca/nz ) . 
  this comparison isnt running . 
  canada is far off any refugee problems , there are not a lot of refugees coming from the us . 
  i guess you are talking about their immigration system in general , however this does not apply to our current situation . 
  the way nz deals with it violates the echr . 
  then again : refugees ! = immigrants . 
   have they read the agreement ? 
  what more do they want ? 
  and they never will . 
  it is just this stupid `` no money for others '' mentality . 
  every country has its share of idiots unfortunately . 
   sending books and teachers/doctors would be good enough . 
  no teacher would want to teach in the current syria . 
  books alone have a long-term effect , they are not suited for fixing the short-term problems of syria ( aka the problems that cause the influx of syrian refugees in europe ) . 
  and even if it solved the syrian problem , syrians are only about 16 % of our refugees . 
  i live one street from a large asylum home , my life quality has yet to decrease . 
  i know it is only anecdotal experience . 
  true , immigrants and refugees tend to commit more crimes , but the numbers are usually not giving the full picture . 
  since refugees and immigrants are usually a lot younger than the population of a given country , you need to compare the crime statistics with native citizens of the same demographic , suddenly it doesnt look all that scary anymore . 
  nobody wants the locals to ` suffer ' , however i would argue helping people ( a lot of people actually ) justifies minor setbacks in life quality for the native citizens . 
   but why ca n't we fix syria instead ? 
  because there is no such thing as ` fixing syria ' unless we are talking about a large-scaled military intervention with occupation of the country for decades . 
  we saw in several northern african states how it would likely turn out if the rebels ` won ' with our support and the regime is unable to ` win ' anyways . 
  the daesh is a whole different caliber to talk about . 
  nobody wants european or american blood be shed in syria , and even if people were willing to do so , an intervention would likely fail to ` solve ' the bigger problems , as seen in afghanistan or iraq . 
  given the fact that fraport will likely invest a lot of money into the greek airports there wont be any taxes payed for the first few years anyways . 
  what greece gains from it is long-term profitability and probably an increase in revenue which will make up for possible tax losses . 
  the other side is that they get rid of a budget minus in the short term ( the 14 airports alltogether are running a deficit even though some of them generate a surplus ) , relieving the greek budget of a smaller sum . 
  the point in taking in refugees are humanity and ethic values . 
  if you are in need of new people/workers and you can fill that gaps with refugees , it is good , but it is only a side-effect . 
  of course it is not wrong to select people that are compatible with your society or the needs of your economy , nevertheless the basic reason for taking in refugees is not an economic one . 
  additionally for germany , many of our current pensioners used to be refugees themselves when they came from the former german territories of east prussia or other territories . 
   do n't greek companys have the know how to run airports ? 
  it doesnt matter whether they have the know-how - they lack the money . 
  the smaller airports are not running profits , there have been reports that many greek airports lack even the most fundamental services like medical care . 
  why should it be better for greece if a greek company runs the airport ? 
  fraport will continue working with greek workers , also fraport has a lot more experience with it . 
  this might be true . 
  however , diplomatic immunity is needed , we will have to bear the disadvantages that come with it . 
  because taking in refugees has nothing to do with well doing of the economy . 
  wait for what ? 
  not anymore . 
  the afd split up into two parts . 
  the founder left the party with the more moderate part of its members , creating a new party called `` alfa '' ( allianz f\u00fcr fortschritt und aufbruch ) . 
  what is left of the afd is a pretty right-wing conglomerate of people with sentiments of some kind . 
  as a result , the afd already dropped to 3 % in the polls , way below the required 5 % mark .
