  regular paper ballot voting has potential flaws , but so has electronic voting . 
  honestly , voting fraud is not a problem here . 
  iirc the german gnp was horribly inflated in 1938 due to insane amounts of government spending ( mainly infrastructure and military ) . 
  all of which was financed by debts . 
  germany was nearly bankrupt at the point where we started ww2 . 
  i think we used to be on a level with france before that spending spree started . 
  this is not yet clear . 
  the leaked investment chapter from june was still mainly oriented at ` classic ' isds , but with significantly improved transparency . 
  the eu side aimed at an institutionalized version of it , but it did not have any concrete proposals , so there are gaps in the text . 
  in the summary from march 2016 it said that the eu started bringing proposals considering something of this kind in nov. 2015 . 
  but so far , we have no indicators of the eu backing down on their promises . 
  aligning standards does not mean that every standard will be aligned . 
  it is very possible that some areas will be excempt due to the differences being too large . 
  honestly , ceta is finalized and published , there are no indicators that it would harm our food standards . 
  there is no reason why it should be different in ttip . 
  holy fuck you are mad . 
  honestly , the only arrogant thing here is you claiming to speak on behalf of the germans or claiming to know the future . 
  have you actually taken a look at the leaks ? 
  what greenpeaces claims to be a final result is in fact just a negotiation poisiton of the us side . 
  the documents show very clearly that the eu sticks to its promises to the european electorate . 
  we have no reason to believe that they will cease to push back . 
   is n't fdp a dying party not anymore . 
  they are constantly polling between 6 and 8 % . 
  the bad trend has certainly been stopped . 
   does n't rule any lander currently , this is correct , but they just agreed to enter a government in rhineland-palatinate . 
   got kicked out of the parliament they got rid of their previous leadership and revamped their party program . 
  current polls suggest that they will make it into the parliament with relative ease . 
   would fdp even consider voting for someone other than the csu-cdu candidate for chancellor ? 
  yes . 
  their current leader has made clear that they wo n't naturally join coalitions with the cdu anymore . 
  he said that they still are the closest amongst the political parties , but that they will also consider other options . 
   the cdu will score less than 30 percent in the 2017 federal election you are able to predict the results of elections over a year in advance ? 
  please teach me , master . 
  please remember that the cdu was down to 30 % during the fukushima crisis and returned to 40 % a little over a year later . 
  i am not saying this will happen here , but political trends are not that stable . 
  a lot can happen within a year . 
   and no other party will be willing to elect merkel for chancelor who says that the spd will not opt for a grand coalition again ? 
  who says that union/greens will not suffice in a year ? 
  according to forsa , they would be very close ( combined 47 % with 6 % `` other '' ) , even if the worst polls for that coalition , they need a mere additional 4 % . 
  which can be gained within a year . 
   but please forgive me that i bothered the sultan with `` my little opinion '' . 
  i should have been aware that personalities like mr erdogan , ms merkel or you do not want to hear the `` little opinion '' of other people , if it does not suit them . 
  please forgive me for disturbing your sultanist glory . 
  it will not happen again . 
  that is , not before september 2017 . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  you are free to hold your opinion , just like any other german is . 
  but it is just wrong if you claim to speak on behalf of the german electorate . 
  you are not and you should not use wording of this kind when describing your very own political opinion . 
  if it wins her enough votes , she will be reelected . 
  it 's pretty simple actually . 
  and no , i am no merkel fanboy . 
  i have never voted for her and likely wo n't do so in the next election . 
  i am just a realist . 
  and if you take a neutral viewpoint , you can see that no party other than the union has the potential to be the party of our next chancellor . 
  every realistic coalition option has the cdu as the leading party . 
  the only other way to get another chancellor would be a revolt from inside her party which seems unlikely currently . 
  there simply is no one who could challenge her . 
  maybe sch\u00e4uble , but it is unlikely that he would do it . 
  seehofer does not have enough support on the federal level and inside the cdu . 
  which leaves your little opinion piece as irrelevant for the actual discourse . 
  it speaks volumes that you are trying to inflate local issues like blumes party change . 
  she has been politician for three years , it is not like she is some seasoned veteran whose opinion matters in this regard . 
  yes , one can find good reasons to oppose merkel , why we could need a change of government . 
  but please do n't confuse your wishful thinking with the reality and do not presume to speak on behalf of the german people . 
  you are speaking on your behalf . 
  ... which have been ruled out by the eu . 
  you are opposing something without even knowing whether it actually does what you think . 
  its a bit bold to claim that you are speaking on the behalf of the german electorate . 
  neither you nor anyone else can do that . 
  let the voters decide in the next election and do n't try to force an opinion upon them . 
  it is still way over a year to go and merkels ratings are still okay ( she has been elected with lower popularity before ) . 
  and no , claiming that blume is a `` prominent '' politician is a bit of a stretch . 
  infrastructure is not an area that uses completely uneducated workers anymore . 
  it has n't been for decades . 
  pretty much like the agricultural sector . 
  actually it does . 
  what ? 
  of course you can combine the cases if you want to compare similar-sized areas ( in terms of population of gdp ) . 
  if you look at it in relative terms , the companies based in big european countries `` brought '' significantly more isds cases per capita than their us counterparts . 
  and no , we are not `` suing each other '' - no french or british company has brought a case against germany so far . 
  your `` reason '' does not meet the reality . 
  please read up on the issue . 
  i think most people on this sub can attest you that i have pretty firm knowledge on the topic . 
  i just do n't have the time for a full-scaled debate right now as i 'm on vacation . 
  i just thought that you spreading nonsense deserved a comment . 
  `` get fucked '' is the wrong term . 
  if a country discriminates and subsequently loses an isds case , it does not `` get fucked '' , the investor gets justice . 
  wrong . 
  the same is the case for european countries . 
  germany has been sued three times while being the origin of dozens of cases . 
  similar in most big european countries . 
  this in itself is not a good argument , if anything it speaks for low amounts of discrimination in our countries . 
  he never claimed that ? 
  you arguing with simplified facts from wikipedia is not a good indicator for knowledge on the topic . 
  dude just stop . 
  it is obvious that you lack knowledge on the topic . 
  the polo is produced in spain anyways . 
  we will never conclude the argument about who invented the computer . 
  there are a number of people originating from various countries who have valid claims for being `` father of the computer '' .
