  it should be possible to resettle the women if they report something like this . 
  if it has to do with experiences in their home countries where assaults like this are not prosecuted or where women are punished and shamed for reporting these cases , we need to educate them better . 
  if they are afraid that someone will seek vengeance for it , we need to tell the people that they can be resettled or even get a new identity in such a case . 
  our laws are suited to get ` rid ' of these people , however there needs to be cooperation from the victims . 
  well , i nowhere claimed that subsidies significantly enhance the life of the farmers . 
  `` knowing the price '' does not say anything unless you are capable of making the comparison to non-subsidized food . 
  so you do n't have any basis asides from some weird conspiracy theory that germany 's actions are exclusively aimed at its own well-being at the cost of others . 
  any evidence that it does n't ? 
  what fundament do you have for this ridiculous allegation ? 
  nobody seriously claimed that it would lead to hyperinflation . 
  i think you are mixing up `` real '' statements with news claiming over and over again that we are afraid of inflationary policies because of our ` experiences ' in the 1920s ( which is bullshit ) . 
  and yet again , it does not matter how competent they are , the fact that they are opposing qe makes your statement that the low-valued euro is some kind of conspiracy of germany invalid . 
  running deficits over the maastricht criteria is harmful for the economic balance in europe , nevertheless it was n't and is n't sanctioned unless you are a member of the euro zone . 
  yes , the treaty obligations were first put on paper in 1958 , however it was not specified for application until the named pact which was designed for the euro zone . 
   before draghi 's qe , germany was trading in a currency undervalued by 10 % - 20 % for the trade itself . 
  i dont contest that . 
  thats the goddamn nature of the eurozone . 
  we are aware that the euro gives us competitiveness benefits , however the leading german personnel is still opposed to devaluating the currency . 
  we are below our optimum rate in exchange rate anyways . 
  ( according to representatives of our industry , 1.30 is the optimum for us ) . 
  this still does not make sense in connection with your previous statement . 
  you claim it ` fits our agenda ' yet we are following a policy that is completely contrary to what is done . 
  how does that connect ? 
  and how do you explain that literally all major german politicians were * against * qe , including our federal bank , when it is soooo much in our own interest ? 
   germany 's muggy fingerprints are all over the dagger of austerity that has ripped the heart out of southern europe 's economy . 
  well , can you come up with a policy that includes neither austerity nor enormeous fiscal transfers to said countries ? 
   leeching trust away it 's financial structures , so that germany basks in it 's smug glow of safe haven , cheap money status . 
  implying that germany did this for its personal gain is just top-level conspiracy . 
  fun fact : if germany did * not * engage in the bailout and just minded its own business the financial structures in said countries would have collapsed . 
  so much for `` trust '' . 
  if they failed , there wouldnt have been a single tear of trust left . 
   between 1989 and 2006 germany flagrantly breached the european stability and growth pact running budget deficits well in excess of its treaty obligations , lent too much money to the south , overheated the economy down there and then ripped the rug from under them . 
  the mentioned treaty did not come into effect until 1997 . 
  germany did * not * lend too much money to the south by the way . 
  we are not a bank . 
  the banks lent to the south . 
  and the exposure of german banks was in fact pretty laughable compared to the exposure of greek banks . 
  in terms of the other southern european states , it were mainly frances banks who lent money . 
  you seriously blame us for having low borrowing costs ? 
  none of the states in the euro was forced into it , they were all very eager to enter it . 
  concerns about the currency being impossible to value correctly have been around since the preparations for the euro . 
  and by the way , germany did not even want to be part of it . 
  also , mind to explain how we `` trashed '' southern europe ? 
   admittedly , the trade surplus with other eurozone nations has declined somewhat since the onset of the crisis , but this is largely due to the depression like conditions that eurozone policy has imposed on much of the region , causing imports to collapse in the afflicted nations . 
  the imbalances are still basically there . 
  `` if you do away with the reality they are still bad . '', 
  come on , we have seen the deficit with the eu declining as well as a surge of internal consumption . 
  wages are increasing more than in a decade , for the secord or third consecutive year in a row . 
  wages are expected to increase even further over the course of the next years . 
  yes , we ran a `` record '' trade surplus this year and it is surely good to fix that , but you cant do that within one or two years . 
  if our wages increase too fast , we will kill our industry . 
  yes , we are profiting from a currency that is heavily undervalued ( for us ) , nevertheless we need to increase the wages steadily , not abruptly . 
  the industry needs time adapting . 
  dont fool yourself . 
  after the soviet union breaking up , poland and other eastern states did not have any money to invest into builing industry . 
  thats where the western countries played their part . 
  of course they are profiting from cheap labour in poland and elsewhere in the eastern states . 
  well , thats the reason why the industry went there in the first place . 
  sorry if it sounds arrogant , but at the point where most companies went to the eastern states , they did not have any other arguments than cheap labour force . 
  this is changing , but completely converting it will take some time . 
  yet this happens everywhere . 
  companies are going where there is cheap labour and favorable conditions , no matter if eu or not . 
  being part of the eu makes it easier but does not give the basis for it . 
  well , not really . 
  subsidies for farmers ( which is a lions share of this money ) helps a lot of farmers and subsidies the price of food for the population . 
  that is true . 
  but it does not change much . 
  if the demonstration is large enough , you can disappear in the masses without your friends or colleagues every knowing . 
  the thing is that most of the anti-immigration protests ( at least here in germany ) have a tendency to convert into open xenophobia and racism rather quickly . 
  yet pegida was quite ` successful ' for some time . 
  you could argue that this is some kind of `` anti-xenphobia '' protest in reaction to others wanting to deny people entry to the country , but even if you think that it is a positive protest , as usual , exceptions apply . 
  thats why i said `` generally '' . 
  as i said , pretty much everything depends on how much we learned from mistakes of the past . 
  if you are demonstrating against something , this rejection will always seem a `` positive message '' to the people protesting . 
  that however does not change the fact that a demonstration * against * something will always be a ` negative ' protest , no matter if it is justified or not . 
  the general consensus does not really influence the likeliness of people gathering for a demonstration . 
  especially demonstrations in favor of the status quo will have a very hard time gathering people . 
  the thing is of psychological nature . 
  you can remain true to yourself when you are saying ` no ' to something while you will have to make some kind of compromise when agreeing with a common statement . 
  you are ignoring what i said . 
  i did not contest the nature of the message . 
  i disagree with you claiming that it is `` usually easier to gather protesters for positive messages '' . 
  how is it easier to protest * for * something ? 
  i think it 's the opposite . 
  at least here in germany . 
  generally it is easier to gather people against a common ` enemy ' as they do not need any other base than commonly disliking it . 
  for positive demonstrations , this is way more difficult . 
  it 's harder to find a common thing to agree on . 
  it is , but why should that be an issue ? 
  sanctions are not of the same nature as the topic usually . 
  look at the case with russia . 
  of course the eu is making it easier for these people to go elsewhere . 
  but it was your states who requested it , not the eu . 
  the brain drain is inevitable if you are a ` poor ' country , no matter if said country is part of the eu or not ,, 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  brain drain is * not * exclusively caused by the eu . 
  many countries that are experiencing this are not in any community of this kind . 
  unfortunately this is not exclusive to eu member states . 
  even if said countries would not be part of the eu , they would experience this . 
  curse of globalization i guess , there is nothing that we can do about .
