  nonsense . 
  you do realize that we have been a major exporter , and a successful one prior to the euro ? 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it does n't use a credible source . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may provide a credible source in order for this removal to be lifted . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   i 'd suggest that documents like this should seek to be timeless insofar as is possible . 
  i 'd eliminate specific technologies where possible . 
  agreed . 
   i 'm personally not enthusiastic about the criticism of companies -- as far as i know , this is not the norm for existing eu documents . 
  i would n't say that it is critical . 
  it is a valid point of concern that some companies possess too much control over our information . 
   i do n't understand what this means . 
  does this means that the rights do not apply to ngos like greenpeace or to companies ? 
  do they apply to foreign government bodies ? 
  i think they wanted a definition that applies to anybody , not just limited to the governemnt . 
  everything that is n't the government is private . 
   what is the jurisdiction here -- do these claim to apply to , say , german companies dealing with private chinese citizens ? 
  chinese companies dealing with german citizens ? 
  good question , this touches on the essential problems of the internet . 
  unlike everything we know so far , the internet is n't limited to national borders . 
  it remains open whether this applies to data stored in europe or data accessed in europe . 
  i would say the latter . 
   i do n't understand what this means . 
  may be the english translation , but is this libre or gratis ? 
  is this a positive right guaranteeing government-funded internet service ( and access to any future information services , without fee , like academic publications ? ), 
  how does this interact with existing restrictions on , say , hate speech or copyright ? 
  it is n't the translation . 
  the term has mutliple meanings in german as well . 
  could be interpreted either way . 
   i do n't know what this means . 
  how can i make the call to not know about something if i do n't know what it is ? 
  does this mean that , for example , it is guaranteed that a government permit a four-year-old me to sign away my right to access to knowledge on various subjects for a candy ? 
  i think it means that you are not object to all kinds of information if you do n't want it . 
  if you do not want to be adressed by special offers , you should have the right to enforce that . 
  that 's what i understand at least . 
   how does this interact with existing hate speech regulation ? 
  not at all ? 
   i assume that this is aimed at reassurance for people whose jobs are threatened by automation . 
  it might be desirable to control that rate , but i do n't think that people should be guaranteed that the state or companies prevent jobs from being automated at all , or it may seriously hamper europe 's ability to economically-compete . 
  agreed . 
  this sounds like guaranteeing jobs that have become obsolete . 
   seems redundant -- this is just saying `` laws must be followed '' , yes ? 
  surely that would already have been the case . 
  nah , it means that the actions of the state in this area should be strictly limited . 
   i 've never liked loopholes like this that might obsolete the guarantee entirely , but from what i 've read of constitutions and similar documents in europe , this kind of `` soft '' guarantee is a lot more common over there , so this may just be a difference in approach . 
  yeah thats how it works here . 
   the translation is bad here . 
  i do n't know whether this is `` baseless '' monitoring ( as in , monitoring without a warrant ) or `` electronic '' monitoring . 
  the former might be viable , but seems excessively-broad -- for example , that would seem to ban , say , traffic cameras . 
  the latter seems too broad . 
  it is . 
  it means monitoring without any reason . 
  without a warrant . 
  it appears to be targeted at all the snowden-related stuff . 
   i would be more-specific . 
  for example , does an `` on/off '' switch suffice ? 
  does someone have to take action at every point in time ? 
  do the rules change when at war ? 
  what about defensive systems ? 
  i can understand establishing certain `` lines '' that everyone can agree on , like standardizing the degree to which long-range missile systems require human authorization . 
  i am a lot less-sanguine about placing restrictions on point-defense systems like phalanx ciws , tunguska , ds30m , meroka ciws , goalkeeper ciws , gdm-008 , and similar . 
  agreed . 
   my belief here is that the goal is to avoid unbounded automated escalation . 
  for example , a small glitch causes a robot to act , which causes a larger counter-reaction , which causes a larger counter-reaction , and so forth , and within the hour , a nuclear world war iii is underway , with limited human involvement . 
  i think that this is a technically-complex task that would be better served by an international , un-level treaty . 
  even if there is no escalation happening - imagining fighter robots that kill without any human control are frightening . 
   basically , i do n't think that a document on civil rights guarantees , where being unilateral is fine , is a good place for commitments on weapons . 
  i totally agree . 
  but i doubt that we will find a legally binding treaty here . 
  too much at stake . 
   i like the idea . 
  i 'm going to be honest -- a document on digital rights is almost certainly not the place to change european policy on hate or political speech . 
  there is no reason to tie this to electronic communication . 
  if europe wants to say `` you are guaranteed the right to advocate for communism '' , it makes no sense for that to be online only . 
  further , i do n't think that that right should be bundled up with a lot of these other things -- it 's too important . 
  if the eu wants a declaration of freedom of speech , let that stand on its own . 
  it 's not just keeping up with technological change . 
  i fundamentally dislike the idea . 
  since the charta is binding for both state and private actors , it would also mean that we ( the mod team ) would no longer be allowed to moderate this subreddit . 
  and i can tell you that this would not be pretty . 
  even those believing in full free speech will have to accept that moderation is necessary . 
  this proposal goes a lot further than * anything * we have seen . 
  the first amendment might be the most liberal law in the world when it comes to free speech - but it mainly affects the government , not the people . 
  i also agree that this is the wrong place for something of this kind . 
   this -- in particular the `` jeopardize a person 's reputation '' -- is almost certainly more-restrictive than the current state of affairs . 
  i 'm not enthusiastic about that , and i 'd suggest that people carefully consider the consequences . 
  it is somewhat in line with current german law . 
   does accusing a corrupt politician of corruption jeopardize his reputation ? 
  if we are going by the german law , which this charta is obviously based on - the higher your public exposure , the higher the barrier . 
  public exposure = you need to endure more . 
   sounds grand , but not concrete . 
  what does this actually wind up meaning ? 
  can private forums be moderated , for example ? 
  sounds like nothing that has a place in a charta . 
   i do n't know if the eu has us-style common carrier status , but normally in the us , telcos can simply disclaim responsibility for the specifics of communications unless they are made aware of an issue . 
  that is , they have no obligation to actively-monitor for these . 
  i think that if this is not the case , it may place a heavy burden on telecommunication operators -- it is not clear to me whether this is compatible with such a status . 
  honestly do n't know how this is here . 
  -- -- -- im done for today .
