  in the sense that we do not really have a way to get away from the sanctions . 
  most scenarios are only about imposing further sanctions . 
  i am not advocating for loosening the sanctions without seeing results first but they must not become a one-way street . 
  well , of course not . 
  but the sanctions should be targeted at ensuring peace in eastern ukraine and not the return of crimea . 
  there is no point in the latter . 
  i deem this unlikely as well . 
  there 's a good chance that the maghreb states have their coast under control by then - mainly talking about libya . 
  by rightfully , i did not mean that it is morally right or that russia has valid claims . 
  i simply meant that it is the only realistic approach . 
  crimea is not going back to ukraine , let 's not get ourselves into a stupid situation trying to fix that . 
  it is much more important to ensure peace in eastern ukraine , ensuring that here will be no second crimea moment . 
  the best way to fight the afd is letting them say whatever comes to their mind honestly . 
  until now , i did not know people this stupid could be elected in this country . 
  completely unrealistic . 
  the influx in greece is insignificant , 5 % in italy would mean three million people - more than we had last year ( almost double actually . 
  and this was with the turkey corridor wide open ) . 
  and rightfully so . 
  i think no russian leader agreeing with giving back crimea would hold enough power to stay in office . 
  edit : for clarification - i do not think that crimea is rightfully russian , i think it is the correct approach not to try to get it back because this is hopeless . 
  see comment below . 
  there has n't been a * single * poll where the afd surpassed 15 % so far . 
  you might be confusing federal polls with state polls - they are polling around 20 % in some states that formerly were part of the gdr . 
  this process is not `` unavoidable '' and i do not think the afd is here to stay as a major political force . 
  genderisierung : it 's ( amongst other things ) about the suffixes of common words . 
  let 's take student for example : the male form is : student the female form is : studentin in the past , people simply used the masculine form when addressing a group of people ( `` liebe studenten '' - ` dear students ' [ masculine ] . 
  it developed towards a `` liebe studentinnen '' to address both genders . 
  more recently , people have started using `` liebe student_innen '' or `` liebe student * innen '' ( the space and the asterisk addressing people who identify with neither gender ) , or even more radical : `` liebe studentx '' ( having no suffix belonging to a gender at all ) . 
  the afd people are radically opposed to anything of this kind because they are somehow afraid of it . 
  they are also opposed to lgbt people becoming `` mainstream '' . 
  they are essentially afraid of anything that goes away from the traditional hetero relationship of people . 
  did n't they say `` we might do the hitler salute but at least our hands are clean '' ? 
  i mean , any sentence starting with `` we might do the hitler salute '' is n't going to end well . 
  i think the best i have seen is taking the postillion for real . 
  it goes both ways - the migrants have never been on the cdu side . 
  invading iraq was how much ? 
  i think the us had a bill of around 1 billion/day . 
  setting up a safe area in syria , including building camps , ground forces and fighter planes would prove very costly . 
  a plan that involved a scenario greece and italy would likely not agree on . 
  lampedusa is smaller than nauru and has half the population . 
  the average daily arrivals on lampedusa dwarf the * total * refugee numbers on nauru at any given point in time . 
  lesbos however is a lot bigger . 
  indeed . 
  when we took part in the afghanistan mission , our minister of defense at that time said `` germany is being defended at hindu kush '' . 
  it is also affecting detention , legal representation , communication from inside a prison , tapping phones and some other things as far as i am concerned . 
  i also think it is a good thing , people ( and politicians * are * people after all ) tend to value the rights of suspected criminals very little . 
  especially if they were recently negatively affected in one way or another . 
  the legal window allowing for the use of our military is a bit more narrow than the international agreements . 
  and , even more importantly - these rules are directly binding the government . 
  if the actions are condemned by the international society , it does not force the government to do anything . 
  a ruling from our constitutional court however would . 
  ... which is kind of ironic given that the uk was the main driving force in creating the echr . 
  it did not only push for the creation of such a document , it also played a major part in actually crafting it . 
  and if we are honest , cameron/may just want to leave because they want a lower protection for certain individuals , mainly terror suspects . 
  up for debate . 
  we must not engage in wars in an aggressive manner . 
  i however think it would be possible with a solid un mandate . 
  leaving the eu alone is not even sufficient - even the major non-eu countries are following the echr ( switzerland and norway ) . 
  this is not about bias but about a factual assessment . 
  i do not say these people have been in the majority or minority . 
  but there certainly have been a lot of them . 
  been on / r/europe over the course of the last year ? 
  because there seriously have been a lot of people voicing opinions of thid kind . 
  von storch is a few levels above petry when it comes to stupidity . 
  for the german mainstream sellers , it is `` high priced '' . 
  that 's actually insane . 
  how are your local producers faring ? 
  in germany , they are already complaining about the power of edeka , at 25 % . 
  i ca n't imagine how that would be at your shares . 
  the original source is [ daily rock ] ( http://www.daily-rock.com/le-ed-force-one-a-atterri-en-suisse ) . 
  certainly a great picture . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y1hj20h.jpg ) is a high res version by the way . 
  that 's pretty much their business model , accurate . 
  trader joes also belongs to aldi . 
  it is already seen as hugely troublesome that edeka has a marketshare this high over here . 
  it 's still a good impact for the customer . 
  and , judging from my last visits to the uk , prices are still higher than here ( but the , so are your wages and the general cost of living in the uk ) . 
  well , quite honesty i dislike kaufland in germany as well . 
  they are quite rare here , though . 
  their main brand is lidl . 
  i know the variety , but aldi is still a different concept that fares pretty well in your country . 
  well , here 's the difference : there was a completely safe majority for this issue and the decision does not involve tens of billions of euros . 
  erdogan is not the ` average turk ' - i dislike this man , but he is n't stupid . 
  funfact : lidl and kaufland belong to the same company ( schwarz group ) . 
  ... as they are for most votes . 
  you only see merkel voting for fundamentally important issues like the bailout for greece . 
  she has better things to do honestly . 
  unlikely . 
  their gain from the deal is too significant . 
  they will be annoyed , but they do not really have tools against this . 
  `` opening the gates '' would do nothing to germany - it would punish greece . 
  we only have our ` big two ' - edeka ( 25.3 % ) and rewe ( 15 % ) . 
  both of these are higher price supermarkets with better quality and more different products on offer . 
  the thing is : even our higher priced supermarkets are relatively cheap compared to other countries since they face this kind of competition for decades now . 
  in markets that did not face this kind of competition before ( like yours or the us ) , the room to grow is naturally bigger . 
  over 90 % ( iirc ) of white collar workers in germany shop at discounters like lidl or aldi . 
  hardly ` only the poorest wretches ' . 
  these two combined have slightly above 20 % market share . 
  the resolution was just passed with one vote against it and one abstention . 
  somewhat , yes .
