  youtube is simply taking the easiest path here while the gema is a bit of an unmovable object . 
  i believe that facebook , in its very own interest , will seek to hold up the highest level of free speech as possible . 
  the other essential difference is that only a tiny tiny fraction of facebook posts will even qualify for this checking , while quite a few ( usually popular ) youtube videos qualify for it . 
  the issue is also not connected to royality fees , so i am quite optimistic . 
  the platforms do not need to cite anything if they want to delete stuff . 
  they can just do so . 
  i agree that it could possibly be hard for that company to find the right balance . 
  however it is in the very interest of that company to find a good balance . 
  to allow as much freedom of speech as legally possible . 
  if they struggle with that task , it will certainly be possible for them to seek legal help , creating basic deciding principles for the regular employees tasked with dealing with these issues . 
  there is an anarchist version of / r/de with no mod interferance bar cheese pizza . 
  i hands down prefer the moderated one . 
   ironically probably blocked by gema for germans . 
  surprisingly not . 
  gema also does not block anything , youtube is blocking it to prevent lawsuits with the gema . 
  with that attempt , they are however sometimes going a bit over the top , blocking videos that do not even need to be blocked . 
  and yes , i am aware that one can draw parallels with the law in question here . 
  well , the principle alone admittedly opens the doors for censorship and abuse . 
  yet laws of this kind are in place in half of europe and so far , we fared pretty well with them . 
  there however has been one significant difference so far : we only have experience with dealing with statements of this kind in the ` real world ' . 
  we never relied on personnel of the kind that will do the job at facebook from now . 
  so far , we have been able to rely on our courts to make the decisions which includes the possibility of appeal . 
  it is up in the air how well it will go trying to apply these laws on the web . 
  one exception applies . 
  newspapers already do this job for decades , filtering out the law-violating stuff . 
  we will see . 
   that is one of my central problems with laws like that . 
  it is not so much the laws themselves , but the people that interpret them . 
  true . 
  this is why you have to be really careful when giving these powers to people . 
  the power of these people needs to be as little as possible while being enough to be significant . 
   yet he is 100 % against the criminalization of holocaust denial . 
  he thinks simply criminalizing it will not make it go away , but just drive it underground . 
  he even has a copy of mein kampf ( although i do n't think he 's read it ) . 
  when another ( american ) jewish girl saw it at his apartment she flipped put and he responded that he actually lost a significant amount of his family in the holocaust and he has a right to know what was going on in the head of the maniac behind it . 
  well , contrary to common belief , this book is not banned or anything . 
  it will return to the german boookstores shortly since the copyright finally ran out . 
  it is completely fine to own it here . 
  it is completely fine to educate yourself on the issue . 
  i can * somewhat * understand the standpoint , but i simply can not agree with it . 
  the rarity of holocaust denial speaks for us i guess , and the law is suited to prevent this stance from ever becoming mainstream again . 
  if people are able to deny the holocaust in public , nothing of value is added . 
  for nobody . 
  it is also not part of a serious debate on the topic . 
  if it drives statements like this to the underground , i am fine with that . 
  it is certainly impossible to reliably ban thoghts or expressions . 
  i however do think that the law is suited for my country , not for others . 
  i will never try to convince somebody from another country that his or her country should have the same law . 
  it is a national issue and it is an expression of the never-ending responsibility this country has to prevent something of this kind from ever happening again ( within our area of influence of course ) . 
   it would have been a good topic to gather some of the exchange/foreign students in law school for a discussion . 
  quite certainly . 
   i have a problem with privatizing services such as railways or power supply well , we in germany are currently facing the consequences of private power supply - some of the companies operating the nuclear power plants will not be able to pay for the costs associated with phasing out nuclear . 
  they have payed generous dividends to their shareholders for decades , the billions needed to tear down the plants in an orderly , safe way will be payed by the taxpayer . 
  which is why things like this have to be fixed in the operating licenses . 
  if a business is profitable , i have no problem with keeping it in the hands of the state . 
  however , if a business is either generating a significant loss or providing subpar service ( compared to private companies in neighboring countries ) you seriously have to think about privatizing this business . 
  it does not even need to be a sale , just giving the operating licenses to operators for a certain amount of time can change a lot of things for the better . 
   services that can only function using an infrastructure provided by the state the problem is that this infrastructure in greece is severely lacking . 
  only a tiny percentage of their railway lines is electrified . 
  they dont have the money for fundamental investments here either , especially considering the railway operating on a net loss already . 
  there is usually no political will to spend money on sectors that are already running a deficit . 
  the us faces this problem as well . 
  and then there is the corruption issue . 
  there have been regular streets in greece that were more expensive ( per kilometer ) than the goddamn [ gotthard tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotthard_tunnel ) in switzerland . 
  private investors are less vulnerable to this . 
   followed closely by pay and/or employment cuts that worsen the state of economy . 
  cuts are not necessarily injustified . 
  you have to get to a level where the payment and employment numbers make the business sustainable . 
  this does not mean that the companies should strive to maximize their profits at all costs , but sustainability should be the aim , and rightfully so . 
  this applies both to private and state operators . 
   it is very unlikely to happen when one of the `` partners ' in the deal has their backs against the wall . 
  true . 
  this is one of the reasons why the privatization fund compiled in greece is meant to privatize its assets over several decades , preventing fire sales . 
  however you can not keep deficitary sectors forever . 
  there simply is no point in it . 
  also , railways are a special case . 
  below 1 % of greek travel is done by train ( compared to ten time this value in states in central/northern europe ) . 
  in germany this sector has been opened to private train operators a while ago ( competing with the * deutsche bahn * which was turned into a public company over a decade ago but is still owned by the state ) . 
  licenses have been given out on a track by track basis , not for the whole railway net . 
  and the results are pretty decent , private railways generally offer better service and conditions than the former , state-owned operator . 
  on many tracks , the passenger numbers have increased tremendously since they have been overtaken by private operators and the competition forced the state operator to offer better service aswell . 
  / r/de is more leftwing than the old / r/europe , before it became a default , before the refugee crisis arose . 
  i am divided . 
  on the one hand , i think the laws we have in place are fine , i think that it is justified to prosecute holocaust denial and extreme cases of hate speech . 
  however , i am not certain on how this will play out with facebook . 
  there have been previous proposals for the establishment of a committee to judge whether something is violating the relevant paragraphs or not , but the leading person assigned for that task is unfit in my opinion as she has a certain political background that makes me doubt her neutrality . 
  it certainly must not go into this direction . 
  we do not need a central authority judging whether something is a rightful statement or not . 
  this quickly ends up in some kind of censorship . 
  if there is one authority to do so , it is our courts . 
  there is also a huge difference between the ` public ' and facebook-style public . 
  in the past , people violating the relevant laws in private were not bothered with legal or public interference other than their friends . 
  the government can not be making a difference here however . 
  they either have to apply their laws universally or not at all . 
  the internet is not some kind of ` safe space ' where all law violations are tolerated . 
  as i have stated elsewhere , we should certainly watch it with a certain suspicion , but we should not condemn this before we even see any effects of it . 
   fair enough . 
  i have to point out when the right to be forgotten verdict was handed down i mentioned there is an incentive to be overly cautious as to avoid any legal penalties . 
  people jumped all over me telling me the new rule would not be over applied , but now here we are . 
  true .
