  our judges are not accountable to any electorate either . 
   many of them alternate between serving as judges and bringing cases for corporate clients against governments they are * choosen * by the parties . 
  the governments seem to be happy with the job they are doing . 
  also , the success rate of isds claims is not that good . 
   they include the `` right '' to a regulatory framework that conforms to a corporation 's `` expectations '' -- meaning that governments must not make any changes to regulatory policies once the investment has been made . 
  wrong . 
  they just cant do a u-turn , like allowing a company to build a nuclear reactor and then immediately stopping nuclear energy . 
   another `` right '' is to compensation for `` indirect expropriation '' -- meaning that governments must pay if a regulatory policy diminishes the value of an investment even if such a policy applies equally to domestic and foreign firms . 
  those are like never successful . 
   the tribunals also recognise the right of investors to acquire ever more land , resources , utilities and factories you mean like in capitalism ? 
  where is the issue here ? 
   the companies are not required to do anything in return : they have no obligation to the state and can pursue their activities when and wherever they like . 
  they are bound by the law . 
   us tobacco giant philip morris has launched cases against uruguay and australia over their anti-smoking legislation the cases have not been successfully concluded yet . 
  the uruguay case was more of a case because of a discrimination , time will tell how it goes in australia . 
   and swedish energy firm vattenfall is using the investor-state regime to demand billions of dollars in compensation from germany over its coal-fired electricity plant regulations and its phase-out of nuclear energy . 
  rightfully so . 
  vattenfall was promised to operate moorburg ( coal power plant in hamburg ) and even doubled the size of said plant at the request of the city council . 
  after the next election , the green party tried to limit the output of the plant so much that it would have not been profitable anymore ( through new environmental rules ) . 
  the nuclear phase-out had no significant reason , the federal government * prolonged * the operational time of the plants just half a year earlier . 
   even when governments win , they must pay the tribunal 's costs and legal fees , which average $ 8m per case , wasting scarce resources on defending public interest policies against corporate challenges . 
  half of it . 
  and even that will be changed , it is indicated that it will shift towards a loser-pays rule . 
   more cases were launched in 2012 than ever before . 
  the number of cases has been pretty stagnant over the last years . 
   an entire industry of third party financing and specialist law firms has sprung up . 
  and i thought it was only 15 lawyers ? 
  / s there is nothing wrong with doing business that meets the demand . 
   their publicly expressed goal is to eliminate what they call `` trade irritants '' , which limit their ability to operate under the same rules in the us and eu , without government interference . 
  `` regulatory convergence '' and `` mutual recognition '' are the slogans they use to encourage governments to allow products and services that do not meet domestic standards . 
  it is not about the government inferance but simply that both countries have different regulations for certain things that are * both * equally safe but are just different . 
   the corporate interests have been remarkably candid about their goals , for example rolling back gmo regulation wont happen with the eu . 
  i could go on , but it is late and i think i have shown that essentially half of the stuff claimed in this article is wrong or incorrect . 
  i simply suggest that you should wait for the release to make up your mind . 
  statements like `` im opposed to everything that comes from the us '' dont really help anybody and are detrimental to a meaningful discussion about the topic . 
  could not agree more . 
   what did you mean by the crackdown on internet ? 
  maybe tisa . 
  i dont know ? 
  exactly . 
  why dont you just wait until you can see the final draft before you jump to quick conclusions ? 
  no , not really . 
  there is no evidence that would speak for your claim . 
   ttip should be quite similar to ttip uh what ? 
  we suspended it from our side . 
  however we can reapply it without any greater problems . 
  we wont need to ask someone for permission to do so . 
  this was not the largest share however . 
  the largest share were people who lived in the eastern territories , both the annexed ones and the ones that belonged to germany even before the war . 
   safe countries are members of the eu + swiss and norway . 
  hungary , greece and italy are on the list but sending people back there is mostly denied on humanitarian grounds . 
  so it 's not a rule that can change anything in regards to the current situation . 
  according to the ecj , the assumption that all eu states are safe is obsolete . 
  of course they have their own bias . 
  but without asking the people what needs to be improved , we will not be successful . 
  we can say ( with our first-world-perspective ) : we need to do a + b to prevent large amounts of refugees coming to europe . 
  the people directly affected could however just want option c . we need to fix a lot of things , both here and there . 
  well , the majority of people is * not * on the way . 
  to make a meaningful statement about this , we would need to have a poll amongst the people in these camps whether they would pursue the way to europe if the conditions were better . 
  i would consider a few months pretty fast for the eu . 
  the first bailout was negoitated in pretty much not time . 
  they are at least willing to take action fast . 
  i am not talking about bringing the world to our level and i am not talking baout bringing up the conditions in eritrea ( there is not much that we can do there , quite frankly ) . 
  i am talking about improving the conditions in the jordan or lebanon camps as well as in these countries in general . 
  i never said that it would ` stop ' . 
  i am fully aware that a continuous assad government would still kill citizens , there would still be people disappearing and there would still be people that have enormeous privileges . 
  however , what are the alternatives ? 
  a repressive dictatorship is still better than the rule of some middle-age fuckers and it is still better than the civil war going on for much longer . 
  fair enough . 
  and why exactly ? 
  they neither look as cool nor is firing a missle on someone comparable with `` destroying them with a laser '' . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i have actually no clue how important the city council is . 
  just from my experience , ministries can be quite significant , even in cities , in hamburg for example . 
  i get your point though . 
  you are not serious , are you ? 
  not necessarily . 
  for a smaller party , it can be more benefitial if they can get hold of a powerful ministry where they can roam freely and make a name for themselves . 
  the game will never end . 
  time will tell how successful this will be . 
  in the best case for said party , they can punch severly over weight with this office . 
  in the worst case , the coalition partner will push them around , reducing the major to a puppet . 
  of course it is . 
  however i neither think that it is due nor do i think that it will be successful . 
   as of today , tuesday , refugees are being registered on serbian soil by officers from the hungarian immigration office and then locked up in camps which they can not leave until their claim for asylum is decided . 
  those who refuse to be registered are not allowed into hungary . 
  well , that is actually how it was originally supposed to be handled . 
  and according to the written principles , it still is that way . 
  whether that is needs change is another discussion . 
   after weeks of privation fleeing from oppression and death , these refugees are now being treated as powerless pawns in europe . 
  they are sent from one border back to another , detained and mistreated . 
  seeing that just a tiny minority requested asylum in austria , i have a hard time feeling sorry about the people who refused to do that . 
  these people are fleeing on their own accord , nobody forces them to pursue the route to another country . 
  we can talk about not wanting to live in inhumane conditions , but if they are passing countries that are capable of housing them decently and providing for them , it is quite a different thing . 
   above all , the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung ( faz ) , the conservative mouthpiece of the frankfurt stock exchange , has agitated tirelessly against the refugees not really , no . 
   it is enough to quote the headlines of a few recent editorials to understand the general thrust of this campaign : `` do the germans know what they are doing ? '' `` so the boat does not capsize '' , `` border controls . 
  the order of the day , '' `` refugee onslaught . 
  where is the army ? '' , or `` east europe is right '' . 
  not it is not . 
  for example the `` where is the army '' article talks about the lack of humanitarian help provided by the army , not border protection or similar stuff .
