   they bought them they can use them wherever they bloody like . 
  actually that 's not accurate . 
   south stream was canceled due to pressure from eu commission , german dominated eu commission which looks after germ interests . 
  south stream was canceled due to a variety of issues . 
  but the commission is certainly not `` germany dominated '' and as i pointed out , germany publicy supported south stream . 
   there 's no difference between it and nordstream two , except germany has higher profits and higher control over nordstream . 
  the difference is that eu law does n't apply off shore . 
   one german company got 100 % off their fine other german company got 40 % off their fine best buddies company also got 50 % off their fine as it is standard procedure when a company accuses itself and reports this to the authorities . 
   uk left because of it . 
  since germans took over the leading role , eu was crises after crises . 
  because they only care for their own interest , nothing else . 
  lol, 
  when it comes to eu-internal energy diversification efforts , i maintain that this is not the business of the us to enforce it . 
  for what exactly ? 
  [ hungary signing up for a gazprom deal accomplishing exactly the same ] ( http://www.worldoil.com/news/2017/7/7/hungary-commits-to-russia-gas-route-as-poland-looks-to-us ) . 
  i think we are talking past each other . 
  the sanctions are one thing , the inner eu energy issues are another . 
  actually it is relevant . 
  in the obama era and before that , the us would talk to the eu and the countries affected before issuing sanctions . 
  for two reasons : first so that those that will be harmed are on board and secondly so that we have a unified front of sanctions . 
   seems to me that there are plenty of us troops in europe , and dismissing them as a deterrent to russia is quite dishonest , particularly given that if ( most of ) europe was attacked , being part of nato would require them to take action . 
  the same would be true if there was a single battalion somewhere near the western border of russia . 
  the biggest number of us troops in europe are those in germany , most of which are n't even equipped with heavy vehicles or jets anymore . 
  they are here for intelligence ( most of the middle east is surveilled from here ) , because germany serves as a point where they send the signals for their drones from ( does n't work from the us due to the curvage of the earth ) and because they have facilities here that allow their planes to stop and refuel . 
  calling that `` country defence '' is dishonest , especially given that these tropps mainly serve us interest and not european interests ( even though those can align at times ) . 
   if you accept that this is mainly about the last us election , then how can you possibly take the position that the us should not be allowed a position on new russian sanctions ? 
  i have not said that . 
  i have simply rejected the notion that the us can assert authority over inner eu energy diversification and similar stuff . 
  i also said that the us should talk to its allies before sanctioning if they are affected , just like they did in the past under obama . 
   as for existing eu sanctions , if you only sanction the bits that you feel like , but ignore other items where it is convenient to do so ( because money ) , then you might as well not bother with any sanctions at all , because it goes back to the fact that germany does n't really care about solving problems caused by russia so long as it can line it 's own pockets . 
  germany has lost over 20 bn . 
  in annual exports to russia , which is more than twice what the us exports to russia in total . 
  do n't you dare alleging that we are walking the path that does the least harm to ourselves . 
  sure , it 's their interest . 
  i do not deny that . 
  but it is n't their authority . 
  we as mods can not completely delete submissions , we can only hide them . 
  they are still accessible with the direct link or through the profiles of users . 
  people can complain to the mod team about removals and other mods will take a look at this . 
  we had no valid complaints about me in this regard so far . 
  feel free to write a mod mail and my fellow mods will be more than happy to confirm that to you . 
  uhm . 
  by that measure no sanctions ever hit a country as it is always the private sector that is affected . 
  that line of arguing does n't match reality . 
   those were covered by sanctions . 
  well `` samsung did n't know russia will use them in crimea '' you mean siemens ? 
  samsung is south korean . 
  and no , siemens has already sued in russia because the turbines were meant for another place and germany plans to enhance sanctions due to it . 
   and no the germany did not support south stream . 
  [ merkel literally pushed to resume building ss after it was halted ] ( http://de.reuters.com/article/eu-south-stream-bulgarien-merkel-iddekbn0jt1k220141215 ) ( in german ) . 
  germany was generally supportive of south stream . 
   germany literally promised to pay bulgaria for money lost by dropping the south stream , how the fuck is that supporting it . 
  source that . 
   ahh it 's the germans , who cares about it . 
  they can cheat everyone will forget it . 
  uhm . 
  the court dealings against vw are still ongoing ? 
   lmao , right . 
  like every other instance where germ companies cheated . 
  [ look here for reference ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-2582_en.htm ) . 
  german companies get sanctioned for wrongdoing like companies from other countries . 
  none of the measures listed directly affect europe and suggesting to retaliate against the us for their actions in the middle east is ridiculous . 
   oh yeah , sorry , germany and russia 's interests . 
  that 's not accurate as i have outlined above . 
   the us should absolutely have a say given the abundance of resource they have spent furnishing europe with defenses against potential russian threat . 
  that 's their buy in , therefore they deserve a seat at the table . 
  uhm . 
  you are aware that `` us defence for europe '' is not * actually * in europe ? 
  it 's more of the general threat of the us intervening from the other side of the ocean . 
  us troops left in europe are few and most of them are n't even here or equipped for country defence . 
  and no , this does n't give them a say on eu energy diversification . 
   what kind of say would you like the eu to have ? 
  `` we care more about germany getting richer than we do about russian aggression in ukraine and georgia , as well as the myriad of other injustices performed by the russian state '' . 
  something along those lines ? 
  if so , go for it , i could use a good laugh when people give that particular stance the reaction it would deserve . 
  the eu countries have sanctioned russia for the actions in ukraine . 
  the us sanctions are mainly about the last us election , something completely irrelevant to us . 
  it is up to the eu to support diversification of energy sources . 
  uhm . 
  if the eu has no rules against what germany is doing ( it does n't ) it does n't really matter what poland thinks . 
  the eu does n't allow individual member states to block decisions of other countries if they are n't requiring eu approval . 
  and no , the votes amongst states might be equal , the voices are not . 
   selling stuff to russia despite sanctions every european country is selling stuff to russia `` despite sanctions '' - simply because these goods are n't covered by the sanctions . 
  that 's pretty much how sanctions work . 
   making new gas lines despite the sanctions not violating any sanctions . 
   making others shutdown their gas line project though which pipeline are you talking about ? 
  south stream ? 
  sorry mate , but germany * supported * south stream . 
   cheating eu regulations where ? 
   making car industry cartels so far this is only an allegation and if it proves true , they will be punished for it . 
   so one set of rules for you guys , one for everyone else . 
  you have n't presented a single piece of evidence that there are other rules applying to us . 
   how do you expect me to point out examples of posts that have already been deleted ? 
  posts that are deleted can still be accessed if you have either posted them yourself or commented in them . 
   i 'm not running around manually cataloging individual perceived transgressions that have resulted from someone not liking what someone else wrote on the internet . 
  life 's too short for jobsworthing over people 's opinions . 
  it is a ridiculous claim that is completely baseless . 
   at some point you are going to have to accept that germany is prone to act in it 's own interests , and that it 's interests are not universally representative of the needs and direction of other eu member states . 
  this thread would be the perfect example of where someone should be able to come to such an understanding . 
  i have never rejected the notion that ns2 primarily serves german interests .
