  if you did not fully prepare , you will make a mistake at some point , your statements will contradict themselves . 
  we will have to rely on itelligence for the data . 
   no , i meant something similar to what the dutch proposed [ 1 ] . 
  if you arrive in germany illegally and did n't register anywhere else before , then you should n't have a chance of getting aslyum . 
  germany is the `` 3rd '' country , because they went to someplace before coming here . 
  aslyum seekers should make their claim in the country where they enter the eu and get distributed from there . 
  only like that we stop the constant flow of illegal immigrants that will get bigger and bigger over the next years . 
  well , merkel and hollande proposed sending staff to greece to process the people there and distribute them afterwards . 
  however this still faces the obstacle of many european countries not agreeing to refugees being resettled in their country . 
   in some african countries ids are not the norm . 
  this is not exclusive to the third world . 
  it isnt even the norm in the us . 
  well , obviously . 
  there are no repercussions if you dont fulfill it . 
  however , an alliance like this only makes sense if everybody is able and willing to do his part . 
   that 's something that is just completely impossible . 
  we ca n't hire enough linguistic experts for that . 
  well , actually we can . 
  we need a translator for every refugee hearing anyways . 
  it should be possible to determine whether someone speaks arabic or macedonian . 
  it is also possible to hire other refugees who are capable of speaking german and arabic ( even though that has some potential for abuse ) . 
   do you want to deny people asylum , because they do n't know who the mayor of their city is ? 
  but i can expect them to tell us where they live in syria , where they worked etc. 
  it should be possible to confirm whether these informations are true in some way or another . 
   maybe everyone who fails to cooperate , does n't speak and does n't remember where they are from should be jailed . 
  thats pretty tough but might work . 
   and nobody who illegally enters a 3rd country should have the right to asylum . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  leaving e.g. 
  hungary for the uk despite being granted asylum in hungary ? 
   these are mechanisms could stop the flow of illegals , who unfortunately make up a huge percentage and ruin it for the few that really left their home in a hurry and could n't take their ids . 
  or the ones that never possessed an id . 
   by greenpeace, 
  the problem is that you can not possibly prevent that . 
  you can not simply reject people that do not have an id . 
  we need to switch to a mechanism where specific knowledge and the language of the people is tested . 
   well , you are spending 60 % of the nato requirement on your military , so basically , you 're assuming that the rest of nato will pay for your defence well . 
  its basically just the us , the uk and some minor countries who actually fulfill the 2 % requirement . 
  and they would spend this amount of money even if germany would spend 2 % , so * nobody * is paying for anything . 
  i agree that we could step up our game though . 
   80 % of the illegal immigrants that currently are running to germany arrive without passports source for this number ? 
  in fifteen years , all that were capable of getting a job and learning the language will have german citizenship anyways ( or at least be able to obtain it ) . 
  the largest part were the soviet with over 400,000 soldiers . 
  the us had a ` mere ' 200,000 in 1990 . 
  the public will have a full year to tell their meps what they dislike about the final draft of ttip . 
  and this time they would even be able to outline specific things and not just say ' i am afraid of us dominance and arbitration courts ' . 
  the * bundeswehr * never had more than 495,000 active soldiers . 
  i really doubt that the number of foreign soldiers was 1.3 million at some point . 
  source ? 
  well . 
  not really . 
  if someone comes from the balkan and seeks asylum , he will be rejected no matter his education . 
  he is free to apply for a working visa afterwards though . 
  ( even though that is insanely difficult from these states ) if he actually gets deported , he will have to pay the cost of deporting before he is allowed to re-enter germany . 
   extreme right wing is in politics , they 're in most parliaments , and they 've got about 15-30 % of voters . 
  not in germany so far . 
  and that probably wont change . 
  the negotiating positions of the eu are publically available on the web . 
   any sane citizen is ought to say yes any sane citizen is ought to wait for the final agreement and then make up his mind . 
  every goddamn group has lobbyists . 
  if the representant of disabled people advocates for improvements for access to public buildings for the disabled , he is a lobbyist that is lobbying for the people he represents . 
  in 2014 , around 20 % of syrian refugees had university education , 20 % high school and 50 % attended basic or middle school . 
  there is no information on the current wave of syrian people though . 
  warning : long post . 
  and i would appreciate if you could just reply instead of downvoting . 
  if you have doubts on my answers , express your disagreement and i will provide you with a source if you want that . 
   any country seeking trade relations with the us or eu would be required to adopt the rules prevailing within the agreements as they stood . 
  if the agreement gives a solid basis , what is wrong about that ? 
   draft texts will not be released , and instructions have been given to keep the public and press in the dark until a final deal is signed . 
  by then , it will be too late to change . 
  uhm no ? 
  the text will be released and open to public discussion for a year before being signed by the eu and the member states . 
   the us delegations have more than 600 corporate trade advisers , who have unlimited access to the preparatory documents and to representatives of the us administration the eu has made its position papers publically available . 
  the fact that companies have access to the negotiations ... well its a goddamn * trade agreement * , the companies are the ones affected the most directly . 
   the ttip/tafta negotiations are taking place behind closed doors . 
  like any previous trade negotiations . 
   federal , state and local authorities would be obliged to revise their policies from top to bottom so as to satisfy the appetite of the private sector in those sectors over which it does not yet have complete control . 
  food safety , chemical and toxics standards , healthcare and drug prices , internet freedom and consumer privacy , energy and cultural `` services '' , patents and copyrights , natural resources , professional licensing , public utilities , immigration , government procurement : there is not one sphere of public interest that would not be subject to institutionalised free trade . 
  wrong . 
  for these reasons , there are areas in the agreement that have a guarantee not to be changed for the worse . 
  states fully keep their right to regulate in these areas . 
   the ttip/tafta and the tpp would allow foreign companies to attack any signatory country whose policies impacted on their profits . 
  thats a generalization that is not true . 
   companies would be able to demand compensation from countries whose health , financial , environmental and other public interest policies they thought to be undermining their interests , and take governments before extrajudicial tribunals . 
  wrong . 
  the health sector is supposed to be excluded , the financial rules of europe are already weaker than the us ones and the environmental protection will still be valid . 
   a series of trade agreements signed by the us has forced taxpayers to pay more than $ 400m of compensation to companies over toxics bans and rules on the use of land , water and timber resources all of the mentioned cases were about putting foreign investments at a disadvantage to domestic investments . 
   under these agreements , more than $ 14bn remains pending in corporate claims over drug patent , anti-pollution , climate , energy and other public interest policies . 
  well , they can claim whatever they want . 
  the sum that is usually granted is not that relevant actually . 
   in total , the ttip/tafta would enable 75,000 companies in the us and the eu to attack public funds . 
  i dont see the issue here . 
  despite the world already being in a lot of isds agreements , we have seen 608 cases world wide . 
   but the us and the eu have strong judicial systems that fully uphold property law . 
  wrong . 
  especially jury systems tend to discriminate foreign companies at times . 
  look up loewen v. us for example . 
   the ttip/tafta 's inclusion of this regime reveals that its aim is not investor protection but corporate empowerment . 
  wrong for the reason state above . 
   the business lawyers who make up the tribunals are not accountable to any electorate .
