  well , milog says otherwise . 
  the separate union minimum wages have to exceed the general minimum wage anyway or they will be void ( \u00a7 \u00a7 1 iii , 3 ) . 
   but , if a company ( or companies exmployer union/society/cartel ) has a deal with the trade union respecting that particular profession , everybody - even non-union members - in that profession get paid that union rating . 
  no rule without exception . 
  ot-memberships are the exception here . 
  there can also be exceptions in favor of the employee . 
   for those , there simply is n't a lowest wage and the market entirely decides are you entirely sure on that ? 
  milog pretty much says that 8,50 is the minimum wage for everyone , excluding the exceptions in \u00a7 \u00a7 22 , 24 . 
   there are professions that do n't have any union at all . 
  for those , there simply is n't a lowest wage and the market entirely decides for example ? 
  i am a bit split about this . 
  on the one hand it is a good move , on the other hand we can not really expect ` neutral ' reporting from her i guess . 
  we will see . 
   sch\u00e4uble did call for the ecb to cut off liquidity for greek banks , an action which resulted in the shut banks and capital controls . 
  sch\u00e4uble has zero control over the ecb . 
  it is an independent player . 
  to support this statement , look at the position of the * bundesbank * in the ecb directory , the ecb usually pusues a way that our central bankers are unhappy with , same goes for our ministerium of finance . 
  true , i just wanted an example . 
  of course there are a lot of other reasons for the absences . 
  it is actually pretty easy : they will vote with the majority , if they ( would ) vote differently , they will tell the public why they did so . 
  this depends on the amount of power such a commissioner will hold . 
  leave the power to interpret the rule to the commissioner , to the parliament or who else , as long as the nation states dont have a grab on it , it is fine . 
  the problem with the stability pact was that nobody could enforce sanctions realistically . 
  the csu is not necessarily more conservative than the cdu , in fact they are more liberal in some ( few ) areas , in others they are more ` social democratic ' than the cdu . 
  they have at least one stupid project that they try to bring through everytime they are part of the government . 
  depends on the reason . 
  598/630 people being there is a pretty good quota . 
  steinmeier is in cuba at the moment for example , there is no need for * everybody * to be there given the broad majority of cdu and spd on the issue . 
  true . 
  but since a treaty change would be required for this office anyways , they could put in some ` easier ' mechanism to review policies that it is operating on . 
  this actually sounds better than it is . 
  overproducing on regenerative energy is good - as long as someone can actually take that energy off you as storing is not really viable yet . 
  energy needs to be used - our eastern neighbors can sing a song of what happens if it is sunny or windy - the german overproduction brings the electricity nets of them to the verge of collapsing . 
  to put this into relation : the danish maximum wind energy production is 4.8 gw according to the article . 
  the peak production of german photovoltaic is almost 40 gw ( our total energy need is around 700gw ) . 
  it is ` easy ' to buffer a few gw by ` exporting ' it , if we are talking about tens or even hundreds of gws it is quite a different story . 
  csu is also considered more ... special . 
  not necessarily . 
  we had * one * case where a party actually got an absolute majority in germany ( at least on the federal level ) - the cdu in 1957 . 
  yet they decided to form a coalition government with the * deutsche partei * ( which does not exist anymore ) . 
  many of the people who said ` no ' today wouldnt have done so if the majority wasnt secured no matter that they voted no . 
  there are taco bells in germany ... in us military bases , not in the public areas . 
  ( not even joking , but you can also get d\u00f6ner in the german embassy in the us ), 
   trying to create a ruleset to cover all eventualities general clause is the key word . 
  which would have to be tangible enough to prevent turning this into a paper tiger while allowing for enough maneuverability to adapt to arising problems/circumstances . 
  no rule without exception however . 
  if something like this is ever going to happen , the ruleset it would be based on would certainly have emergency exceptions ( for dealing with financial crises for example ) . 
  in case of reforms , there could also be exceptions . 
  nevertheless , sticking to a certain deficite maximum in the long run is actually relatively viable . 
  it is indeed . 
  it would require a certain change in the eu . 
  plus , it would probably prompt the need of changes in many countries aswell . 
  take germany for example , according to the president of our constitutional court , stripping the parliament of the budget right would be unconstitutional , violating parts of the constituion that can not be changed . 
  meaning that we would actually need a * new * constitution . 
  i can only speak for germany ( i havent been to prison though ) . 
  it is possible through distance learning , however the greatest obstacle is the internet access as you said . 
  there are pilot projects for limited internet access for these occasions though . 
  neverthless , there are only 216 inmates pursuing university schooling right now . 
   would n't go so far as to accuse germany of promoting austerity only to drain their neighbours of human capital actually the whole article is pretty much about this , excluding some side effects . 
  this is some extremely distrustful thinking . 
  germany certainly did not ` start ' the state finance crisis because it needed immigrants , neither is the current policy pursued for the sake of keeping unemployment in other states high so we can get the immigration our economy needs . 
  i would almost go as far as calling it a tinfoil conspiracy . 
  depends on the kind of rules . 
  it might be true for some , it is wrong for others . 
  europe has the power to review its rules . 
  this does not make a sole german leadership more viable , unfortunately . 
  a sensible solution for most problems can only be found if the two european poles work together . 
  one side prevailing most of the time will increase the alienation towards europe for a lot of people/countries . 
  the argument that we will eventually run out of work has been brought forth for decades now . 
  i still do not see it happening . 
  just because many jobs are replaced by machinery and ki doesnt mean that it is not possible to create new jobs . 
  people thought the same with the introduction of the steam engine . 
  furthermore , a project like this could only work in a societey that is completely cut off the outside world ( which is unlikely ) or in a world where everybody has eventually achieved the same standard ( even more unlikely ) . 
  also , many goods are limited . 
  this alone should serve as an argument why money will never be obsolete . 
  you talked about a moneyless society . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  you want a joint communist europe ? 
  i actually feel uncomfortable with * only * germany leading . 
  i think it is somewhat right to have germany in a leading role ( for the first time in 70 years ) , simply due to the economic and political importance of this country . 
  however , i would prefer the french to step up their game . 
  it is illusional to believe that germany can create a policy that fits whole europe , the tandem has worked pretty decently for decades , in a joint eu , only a joint lead of more than one country can eventually lead to success for everyone . 
  i would also appreciate if the uk did more , however that is a bit difficult given their current role . 
   wonder if anyone has taken the time to analyze what would happen if germany actually left the eur block . 
  the wiwo did this a few years back , however the wiwo is hardly neutral and there also happened a lot since . 
  the party leader of the left said :  the agreement of the euro summit in the night from sunday to monday was reached based on blackmailing . 
  it continues with the catastrophic way of the last five years and has created an additional burden of privatization with the * treuhandanstalt 2.0 * [ note : the treuhandanstalt was the institution that privatized the state-owned companies of the former gdr after the reunification , with a pretty distastrous outcome ] , therefore i can not think of agreeing in this circumstances . 
  -  and the 60 no from cdu/csu were because they thought that the new measures were money wasted ? 
  mainly , yes . 
  many do not believe that you will actually pursue the agreed reforms , many are pissed off because of tsipras . 
  however , this high turnout of no-votes is only because there was a broad majority anyways . 
  in a case wehre the majority was slimmer , i think we would not have gotten half of the no-votes from the cdu . 
  my point is not the current time and crisis but the outlook towards a future crisis . 
  not racking up huge piles of debt will likely prevent a future debt crisis . 
  3.5 % is crazy , agreed . 
  thats why i said reforms in general . 
  reforms were arguably not done in time , we see the result now . 
  he simply looked at the wrong vote , my fault . 
  check again . 
  i accidently linked to the site that shows the last vote , you saw the vote that came * after * the vote for greece .
