   yet this is happening regardless . 
  it is n't ? 
  so far i only see campaigns against ttip because people are afraid of various things , not some companies exercising public pressure because they are dissatisfied with the way the negotiations are going . 
   yet lobbyists are hugely influential in negotiations regardless . 
  not in the way he talked about . 
  of course lobbyists are involved in the process . 
  such an agreement would not make sense otherwise . 
   and yet the information is available . 
  that is the most important part . 
  the information is usually available from the moment a law enters the parliament to be discussed for the first time . 
  it would be pretty stupid if your government proposed a law * in public * and then notices `` oops our coalition partner doesnt even want it , nevermind guys '' . 
  you have to be pretty na\u00efve to believe that every bit of negotiating is done in public . 
  it isnt . 
   the fact that the public was not at all involved in negotiating this and that there will be massive international pressure on the politicians to pass this makes it undemocratic . 
  it does n't . 
  we live in representative democracies for good reason . 
  your elected lawmakers will vote on the draft . 
  there is actually nothing undemocratic about this procedure . 
   there is no reason why ttip should not be public during negotiations . 
  / u/savannajeff explained pretty well why [ negotiations are held in secret ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) . 
   well we have still been constantly informed on what the country will not agree on and what kind of possible outcomes the government is aware of and constantly working to prevent from such things from happening . 
  do you see such things done about ttip ? 
  because i do n't !, 
  the eu has released all of their negotiating positions on the web . 
  they have outlined areas where they wont make any compromises with the us and they have promised not to lower standards . 
  whether they will stick to that or not will be visible in the final draft . 
   either there is nothing to worry about but it is just that the countries involved in this deal are just not democracy , so that they do n't respect what their nations feel and thing , democracy is not connected to negotiations being public . 
  as long as the elected representatives vote on it and as long as the vote will be public , it is not undemocratic . 
   or there are indeed worrying terms in that agreement and instead of having to inform their nations on those points governments decide to keep silent and play dumb . 
  for what reason ? 
  it will be released anyways . 
  and by the way : [ here is the list ] ( http://investmentpolicyhub.unctad.org/iia/countrybits/102#iiainnermenu ) of bits that israel negotiated . 
  i am pretty certain that these negotiations were secret . 
  i very much doubt that all things that are negotiated are communicated to the public . 
  if it is a highly controversial topic , yes , maybe the participants talk that they are on their way of creating new laws on the topic . 
  * however * they will usually not disclose ( exceptions apply ) what party suggested what . 
  if it is a topic that is less exciting ( lets say for example some regulation for some small group of businesses that do not really concern the public ) it will not be discussed in public . 
  now you might argue that i can not compare this to ttip as ttip is highly controversial and will affect almost everyone - partly true , however one thing stays the same : it will have to go through parliament . 
  and there is where the ` undemocratic ' part ends . 
  it goes through the parliament , people will be able to vote on it . 
  they will have time to inform and prepare themselves for the vote . 
  funny that israel is the only ` true ' democracy in your book . 
   and guess what , we do not negotiate things in secrecy !, 
  oh well , i am pretty sure you do . 
  if netanjahu ( or his party ) wants to make a new law on something , he will discuss it with his coalition partners first before bringing it into the parliament . 
  these talks will usually * not * be held in public . 
  an example outside lawmaking :  the oslo process is the `` peace process '' that started in 1993 with secret talks between israel and the plo . 
  are we talking about the same thing here ? 
  i am not talking about the parliamentary debate about it or the final vote on it . 
  i am talking about the way the first draft that is discussed in parliament is made . 
  usually it is negotiated between the coalition parties first , to my knowledge this is not done in public . 
  you can literally take every democratic country you wish . 
  take any eu country , take the us , take israel . 
  yes , the laws are voted on in the parliament . 
  yes , there is some kind of debate in the parliament . 
  however the drafting of the law that is discussed in the parliament is done befrorehand . 
  negotiated in secret . 
  be it amongst the members of the government , be it amongst the people responsible for that area of law , be it between coalition parties or even with the opposition . 
  but they are negotiated in secred . 
  this does not make them undemocratic as there is a public vote on them afterwards and since they can be changed afterwards if there is legitimate criticism from a majority in the parliament . 
   how do i know you are a radical leftist ? 
  apparently i 've tagged you as such for your other posts top kek . 
  judging by your ( short ) posting history , you tagged me this way because i said that someone who is wearing a muhammad t-shirt just to piss off people is an asshole in my opinion . 
  i invite you to go through my posting history , you will see that i am in no way a ` radical leftist ' , far from that . 
  i actually dont understand your post . 
  you are making no sense . 
  this is just a meaningless rant without topic . 
  in literally every democracy in this world , the negotiations for laws are held in secret . 
   once a deal is agreed by the puppets of capital , then it will be hard for public concerns to find their way through . 
  the experience with acta says otherwise . 
  i cant take putin serious when he says that making trade deals is `` going around existing frameworks '' . 
  for reference : [ russian bits ] ( http://investmentpolicyhub.unctad.org/iia/countrybits/175 ), 
   read it for an hour with no notes is not the way the people voting on the agreement should have to learn about what they vote on . 
  thats why they can read it for a whole year and not an hour . 
  every interest group will use this year to let them know what they think about it . 
  negotiations for ` regular ' national legislation are n't public either . 
  yet nobody would claim that these mechanisms are ` undemocratic ' . 
  negotiations for ` regular ' national legislation are n't public either . 
  yet nobody would claim that these mechanisms are ` undemocratic ' . 
  neither ttip nor ttp do require mr. putins agreement . 
  of course he is critical of it , it weakens his own position . 
   80 % not the case . 
   all of whom come from cultures with much higher birthrates than germany . 
  studies show that the second generation of immigrants already has a birth rate that is closer to the german one than the one of their parents . 
  if bavaria would split up from germany , franconia would split away from bavaria . 
  as i said , we will see . 
  i am no expert on this area , so i can not comment on the value of these patents . 
  we will see . 
  however we have been capable of producing reliable motors for it even before that . 
  the main problems are the price and the battery life . 
  you do n't really notice a difference ( and i live just 300-400 m from two asylum homes ) . 
  university students are helping , you hardly see the asylum seekers outside their buildings . 
   people in the balkans who have work are not running to germany . 
  according to reports some are . 
  because they work in underpayed sectors . 
   obviously the cost of living is a lot higher in germany as well . 
  if some people are able to live here on benefits while also being able to save money to send back home , obviously we pay more than just that . 
  only if you count the csu as a separate party . 
   if pro-eu politicians were honest , the margin for leave would probably have been more like 60 % . 
  if both sides were completely honest ( funding the nhs anyone ?
