  nevertheless what i said is true . 
  well sch\u00e4uble is n't the only politician involved and merkel was a fierce opponent of a grexit but yeah . 
  a more accurate description would have been : `` without the germans eventually giving up on some demands and declaring that they are willing to support the agreement ( both politically and financially ) , we would have lost greece '' . 
  and considering the refugee crisis : it is questionable whether germany actually wanted to take a framing role here . 
  in general statements like the ones made in the article are pretty dumb as every action forces other actions to happen , so we ca n't reliably say what would have happened in case we took another path . 
  maybe a military involvement in ukraine would have helped ( even though i doubt that ) . 
  maybe without german involvement the refugee crisis would be less severe . 
  who knows ? 
  and it is insignificant , the only thing that matters is what problems we have today and how we want to solve them , not what we did yesterday . 
  ah , sorry i misunderstood that . 
  you are totally correct . 
  how is that stereotyping ? 
  holy fuck that first paragraph . 
  i dont think you can have more positive words for germany 's actions in the last year than this paragraph . 
  this viewpoint is completely unreflected and partly wrong in my opinion . 
  the linked document is more intersting . 
  police reports indicate that there are large differences between the groups , esepcially asyslum seekers from the balkans and pakistan are terribly overrepresented in crimes while the share of syrians is way below average . 
  it is also reported that the ones that commit crimes are often repeated offenders . 
   although i think the sanctions against russia are a simple consequence of how deep german politicians are up the ass of their american friends . 
  its questionable whether media presence is worth an eight months jail sentence , dont you think ? 
   we 'll just find other proxies or ways to get access to the information microsoft has . 
  the issue is : there is n't any legal way to do so . 
  even microsoft wont have access to these servers . 
   asking the us to submit a request for every single inquiry would overwhelm german intelligence not really . 
  the number of cases of this kind has been very slim so far . 
  we are not talking about nsa-style stuff here but about regular requests of a court/investigation . 
  if you have a warrant from your court , you can go to our authorities ( its not the intelligence which will have access to it by the way ) and request that they hand over the data . 
   it would give them the power to decline information on a potential terrorist or dissonant . 
  it would make the us play by the regular rules like any other state does . 
  us authorities can aswell ... if they send a formal legal request to our authorities . 
  the issue is not preventing access for everyone , the issue is preventing that us authorities can access data that is stored outside their territory without a warrant in that country . 
  this is also the issue in the ongoing lawsuit between microsoft and the us . 
  the us want to be able to access data that is stored overseas without consent from the country where the server is located , microsoft argues that they do not have the authority to do that . 
  the country in question already said that they would totally be willing to hand over that data if the us formally requested it , but they want to be independent from the decisions of any other state . 
  i cant . 
  first of all , no newspaper writes articles about people that are not sentenced unless its of major public interest ( which it isnt in most cases ) and secondly most articles about german court decisions are in german . 
  i 'll quote the history of court decisions against the 87 old woman in this article though :  she got a 5400 $ fine in 2004 for holcaust denial in a newspaper article . 
  2005 she got a second trial for another case but it was stopped because it ` seemed insignificant compared to the previous case ' . 
  in 2007 , she got a 5000 $ fine when she denied holocaust and claimed that hitler was on a mission from god . 
  2009 she insulted the head of the central council of jews in germany and theatened with a second program ( see article ) , 2700 $ . 
  given that this woman is already somewhat on the top of processes of this kind , you see that jail sentences are only the very last possibility . 
  knowledge of how court cases of this kind have played out in the past . 
  how is the punishment excessive ? 
  minor offences are not even prosecuted , even if you express hate speech or holocaust denial in a goddamn newspaper you will get off with a monetary fine . 
  prison sentences are extremely rare and are only given to people who repeatedly violate the law in major ways ( like in this case ) . 
  this is about denial of factual evidence on a topic that is burned into the dna of our nation . 
  not really . 
  our society got 99 problems , but this law is none of them . 
  this is not about ' a different idea of the world ' . 
  is there anyone who is still taking him seriously ? 
  your age doesnt save you from prosecution . 
  age is not an excuse . 
  however , it is not yet said that she will actually have to serve the prison sentence . 
  this will be decided independently from the judgement though . 
  this will be decided independently . 
  it will be decided whether she is still fit for prison . 
  but essentially , she should have been fully aware of these possible consequences , she has been prosecuted several times for similar offences already . 
  you can not really have an opinion on factual , uncontested , evidence that is protected by ` free speech ' . 
  his comment on tpp was excellent though . 
  there is nothing wrong with trying to prevent that . 
  the intention is actually insignificant , the only thing that matters is that the data is actually ( as ) safe ( as possible ) . 
  they are not building but renting . 
  on the other hand , microsoft is in court in the us going up against having to hand over data being stored in overseas . 
  they want it the way that is most convenient to them while being able to grant their users ' privacy . 
  she got a 5400 $ fine in 2004 for holcaust denial in a newspaper article . 
  2005 she got a second trial for another case but it was stopped because it ` seemed insignificant compared to the previous case ' . 
  in 2007 , she got a 5000 $ fine when she denied holocaust and claimed that hitler was on a mission from god . 
  2009 she insulted the head of the central council of jews in germany and theatened with a second program , 2700 $ . 
  so no , its everything but not the first time . 
  the only thing that he isnt filibustering is the us republican debate , 
  we impose fines on people who commit this . 
  prison sentences are usually only for repeat offenders , which the woman in question is . 
  nonsense . 
  you would have to be * literally hitler * to be jailed for five years under this law . 
  it is the maximum sentence which is very rarely , if ever , applied . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  denying the holocaust is not ` an opinion ' , it 's just retarded . 
  nothing to do with some kind of ` narrative ' . 
  fining is the regular procedure , but she is a repeat offender . 
  you first say that she is intelligent and then proceed to outline how stupid she is . 
  not to take away from that opposition , but rand paul essentially filibusters against everything . 
   the problem is that governments change , and sometimes the people who gain power have very different ideas than you . 
  the thing is : this law is essentially the same it was decades ago . 
  ( the original law dates back to 1871 ) . 
  what the government wants is actually not * that * important here . 
  its upon the judiciary to decide . 
  and guess what , look up the cases , there have n't been people prosecuted that just had ' a different idea ' . 
  i 've seen both i guess , people ` just ' being critical of the laws being the majority . 
  however the starting point for criticism is usually an article about someone actually being prosecuted . 
  its on a very narrow line sometimes . 
  just a few days , we had someone equalizing germany with some third world dictatorship because we have these laws , ignoring that many countries in the developed world have similar laws ( uk , sweden , australia , finland ) . 
  people generally use a lot of completely wrong facts to justify their opposition to the laws , claiming that everyone who is critical of something will be prosecuted while ignoring the realities of how these laws are applied . 
  also , the historical background is ignored . 
  given how much whitewashing of history has occured after wars , i can totally see the nation collectively denying that something like the holocaust has ever happened . 
  now this wasnt because of the law but because of a consensus between parts of the leading class and the allies , but it is a direct consequence of applying these principles . 
  and concerning free speech : its differently interpreted in various countries . 
  in germany , by law and by social consent , there are statements that are not protected by free speech because doing so would be a perversion of the system . 
  this is some special , very severe kind of bullshit . 
  i do n't know how you can come to the conclusion that the law is ` ignorant ' . 
  we had enough cases in the past where people were severely complaining about us having laws against holocaust denial and hate speech .
