  they are an ally of the west and under financial support by the us . 
  russia would be pretty stupid to do that . 
  unless the sanctions are lifted and there is fresh money flowing into russia , russia has to hold on to its dollars as long as possible . 
  their most important industry , the oil/gas sector , can not work without western equipment . 
  egypt recives over 1 billion $ in military aid from the us annually . 
  i doubt they are gon na risk that over some money from the russians . 
  military-wise egypt belongs to the west , this is obvious when you look at their equipment . 
   yeah but unlike vw , bmws actually have reasonable quality standards . 
  the quality they offer in germany is actually pretty decent . 
   german manufacturers are good at higher-tier cars but from my experience pretty bad at mid and low-tier ones . 
  i think we can agree on that . 
  may i ask what car you were driving ? 
  yes . 
  check what i [ wrote here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m298f/new_york_times_editorial_what_was_volkswagen/cvblwfn ) . 
  the standard engine for the passat ( the 2.5 l 170 hp ) is not sold in europe and is seen as inferior by almost all testers . 
  the leather is thinner . 
  the undercarriage is more simple as it does not need to travel high-speed like on german autobahns . 
  the overall material quality is lower . 
  i could go on , but you get the point . 
  translates to : `` compared to their european siblings , these cars are less sophisticated on a technical level , have a lower worksmanship quality and less possibilities to individualize them . '', 
  fixed to prevent misunderstanding . 
  [ they do ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/daimler_manufacturing_locations.png ), 
  this is exactly what i said . 
  i did not connect the quality with the production location , sorry if it was misunderstood . 
  well , early adoption can cause you troubles in like every brand . 
  shitty customer service is annoying but says nothing about the quality of the car . 
  nevertheless it sucks , i agree . 
  this however can also be due to the dealer being bad . 
   i have a shit sentra right now but my next car will likely be a bmw instead of a vw . 
  still a german car , 
  this acutally says nothing . 
  the comparison with a household sucks . 
  russias is burning through its reserves since it severly needs money to pay foreign contractors . 
  the ruble isnt worth a damn anymore and international business is conducted in either dollars or euros . 
  russia does not have low debt because it is so keen on keeping a balanced budget but because of its unreliability as a debtor . 
  they defaulted not even two decades back . 
  russia simply doesnt find people/banks willing to lend them money . 
  russia requires western technology and goods and they cant pay for that without currency reserves . 
  thats exactly what i said . 
  the cars produced in the us have a lower quality . 
  i never claimed that it was due to the production location . 
  it is due to their design . 
  true . 
  its just not their natural habitate anymore . 
  vw used to produce very cheap ( beetle anyone ? 
  ) , solid cars in germany a few decades back , but the quality and price has significantly increased ever since . 
  where do you read that from ? 
  the cars that vw specially designed for the us market ( jetta , passat ) are stripped-down versions of the european cars , including cheaper interior materials etc. 
  they are however selling cars that were not stripped down in the same way ( golf ) , so i assume they are of a better quality . 
  there are no audis being built in the us or mexico . 
  they are currently building a factory in mexico and plan to build one in the us soon . 
  mercedes is producing in the us , but mainly trucks . 
  bmw is producing suvs in the us . 
  the thing is : the vws in the us are sold at a ridiculously low price ( for our standards ) while audis , bmws and mercedes are quite a bit more expensive in the us . 
  to accomplish this , they lowered their standards in quality of the cars . 
  so it is less an issue with the production location than the market a car is designed for . 
  audis are mainly the same as in germany , with some different lights and some minor differences . 
  well , the jetta is produced in mexico , the same standards apply . 
  the ` clean diesel ' badge is nothing that vw invented though . 
   sorry , i meant we have a very small amount of diesels , like 3 % of all cars . 
  i think it would be very informative to see the registration statistics of diesel cars in the us . 
   i think the biggest thing for europe to come out of this is to ask why you have such terrible emissions standards for 50 % of your vehicles . 
  i can not really comment on that . 
  i do not know how ` bad ' the emissions actually are . 
  i do not know whether the us regulation is justified or over the top . 
   volkswagen 's are renowned to be some of the cheapest and most unreliable cars currently sold in the us . 
  i know chrysler and chevy get a lot of shit but they 've significantly upped their game and now vw has taken the automobile crown for biggest producer of shit . 
  well . 
  the vws designed for the us market are . 
  they are usually produced in the states ( however that is not the reason for the quality ) and are of a lot lower quality ( by design ) than the european ones . 
  many older vws just used chrysler technology by the way . 
  well , i can understand buying a diesel because of efficiency , better mileage etc. 
  but people are seriously buying diesels because they * care about the environment * ? 
  it should be widely known that diesels emit more than regular cars . 
  this article talks * exactly * about what i said ? 
  they were aware that there is the possibility of it , they had no information that vw was using it . 
  any source for either claim ? 
  wasnt winterkorns contract just renewed until 2017 ? 
  why should anybody assume that winterkorn was going to be replaced , he just won a big internal victory at vw ( well before the current problems ) . 
  well , you can buy new helicopters and train troops . 
  i guess egypt could rely on international infrastructure for the sea support . 
  they ordered a new frigate and got a used one . 
  [ you do ] ( http://www.chevrolet.com/diesel-vehicles.html ) jeep and dodge produce diesels as well . 
  exactly those . 
  well , its their right to challenge it in the court . 
  i wonder what they base this on though . 
  is there any eu law/rule that was violated by the decision ? 
   allegations that the government knew all about it as well . 
  there are no allegations that the government knew vw was doing this . 
  the allegations are simply that the government was aware that it was possible to cheat on the tests with this method . 
  there was actually some interest in these ships from our side . 
  however , it does not really fit our military profile currently and they were originally prepared for russian equipment . 
  by that reasoning , they dont need a navy at all . 
  its purely precautionary . 
  especially given the instable nature of egypts neighboring countries , helicopter carriers like these will help them exercise influence if needed . 
  [ they actually have a navy ( no , this is not a joke , this is the swiss ` patrouilllenbot 80 ' ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kib5yg3.jpg?1 ), 
  why could n't they ? 
  they recieved the full refund for them . 
  russias budget is severely strained however they could still afford them . 
  russia not buying them was not due to fiscal problems .
