  plus the state attorney has already appealed the judgement - due process is ensured . 
   the goverment is not . 
  the government consists of people . 
  they are citizens of your country , they have the right to vote . 
  they are people like anyone else . 
   the only pol done on this subject recently . 
  but given the masive protests it is safe to asume the majorety oposes shit like this . 
  still a very shitty poll . 
  and no , there is no qualified opposition - most people who disagree with ceta do n't know shit about this agreement . 
  massive protests do not make a majority . 
   german lands this is a bit difficult . 
  everything depends on the green party , which is currently part of several governments in the * l\u00e4nder * . 
  the federal greens want them to vote against ceta , but it is very possible that at least some of them will vote in favor of ceta . 
  we will see . 
  iirc this vote will also happen at a different time - not before the agreement is signed but before it is ratified . 
   a member of the people ... 
  literally * everyone * is a `` member of the people '' . 
   also : http://promo.delo.si/node/4981/done?sid=2528051 people like you never fail to amaze me . 
  you did n't just try to argue that a goddamn online poll with 500 participants is an accurate display for the `` will of the people '' , did you ? 
  who are you to speak `` for the people '' ? 
  seriously , your arguments are superficial at best . 
   this is like germany 's brock turner case , just much , much worse . 
  it genuinely is n't . 
   and the host family i talked to explained to me why they often find themselves glorifying the gdr : they merely felt life was a lot less complicated , and a bit safer , but they understand that they grew up under very different conditions and for their kids , i would argue that two things are playing into this : 1 . 
  human nature . 
  people tend to forget the bad things about the past and remember the good things . 
  hence why you hear elders say ( no matter where ) : everything was better in the good old times . 
  it is a reaction of western germans telling them that their past was shitty alltogether . 
  there is a certain tendency towards saying that gdr was shit in every single aspect and glorifying the good parts is some kind of act of defiance . 
  and actually there is a third reason : those who were profiting in the gdr ( high party officials , stasi members etc. ), 
  lost pretty much everything after the reunification . 
   and sorry to everyone else for going off topic nobody is forced to read it , 
  we will reach parity in pensions in a few years time . 
  the industry development looks worse , but we will see . 
   what do west germans themselves think of east germany ? 
  there are a lot of jokes about their dialect ( but the jokes go either way ) . 
  there are sentiments against some eastern germans due to attitude , political choices and glorification of the gdr . 
  however , these things are mainly present amongst older people . 
  the younger generation does n't really differenciate - all of these people are german . 
  the historical divide is healing , it will just take time . 
  and money ( just fyi : we spent between 1.3 and 2 trillion euros on the reunification at this point , this is pretty close to our total federal debt ) . 
   i know that economically the ex gdr still has some work to do , but how different is it socially ? 
  is there , like , a significant difference in people there ? 
  all i 've noticed is that some `` western '' food names were sometimes replaced . 
  wages and pensions in the east are still below their western counterparts . 
  unemployment is higher ( due to less industry ) . 
  people over there tend to be more xenophobic and are less satisfied with the central government . 
  in the east , the parties on the right and left ( afd and the * linke * ) constantly reach significantly better results than in the west . 
   did n't germany have to deal with the gdr in the 90s ? 
  exactly . 
   that 's pretty sure to cost a lot so a deficit would not at all surprise me . 
  it 's not about the cost . 
  it is due to the fact that eastern germany produced pretty much nothing of value , thus naturally having a negative impact on the trade balance . 
  nevertheless - we had a deficit for a very short time in the beginning of the 90s - by the time the euro was introduced , we had a comfortable surplus again . 
  we get at least part of this money back through taxes ( mainly vat ) - foreign students inject around 1.5 bn $ into our economy per annum . 
   this article puts the number of foreign students at 220000 in 2013 and estimates it costs the state 13000 $ per students and year inaccurate . 
  we saw 220,000 * arrivals * in 2013 . 
  the total number is around 300,000 . 
   according to the article the number of people who achieve their degree & stay is too low to be a net contribution the article says no such thing . 
  if i understand this correctly , the article already calculated with the expenses for those that do not finish their degree when it said that 30 % of those who finish their degree need to stay here for at least five years to make it fiscally neutral . 
  this however is the case , if the daad survey that i quoted above is accurate . 
  additionally , those who do n't finish their degree do n't necessarily stay for the whole time , reducing the effective cost . 
  plus the students living here inject money into our economy no matter what . 
  annually . 
   with regard to ceta the idea is that american companies can use nafta to set up offices in canada , then ship into and out of the eu as of the ttip deal had gone through . 
  that 's the backdoor . 
  that would be a backdoor for american companies to use isds , not a backdoor for ttip . 
  despite the similarities - ceta and ttip are still different deals with different measures . 
  the shipping through canada also does n't work by the way . 
  it is not as easy as you make it sound . 
  the negotiators of ceta have been aware of the problem of treaty shopping through mailbox companies . 
  it does n't work that way any more . 
  your branch in canada needs to be more than just an office and it needs to show substantial business activity . 
  additionally , look at pm v. australia - that case was n't even accepted into arbitration because the arbitrators deemed it to be an obvious case of treaty shopping . 
   also , while the economic benefit to consumers eu wide has no doubt been measured , the less obvious losses for deal have not been . 
  wallonia simply does not want to be a loser from the deal . 
  there have been scientific studies conducted by the opposing side saying that it could be a net loss ( which i doubt ) , but my statement was n't adressed at the wallonians anyways , it was adressed at parent poster . 
  why are you quoting something that i did not really say ? 
  and what is your point ? 
  make arguments , ad hominem wo n't get you anywhere . 
  and if you argue that `` nobody was forced into the euro '' , you should take a look at history . 
  the french made us joining the euro a requirement for them agreeing with our reunifaciton . 
  i disagree . 
  many of these people stay here and pay taxes . 
  if students from other countries study in germany , that 's a wonderful thing . 
  and the numbers are n't as high as it would put us in any kind of financial troubles . 
  the daad conducted a survey on the issue : 30 % plan to stay here , 40 % plan to stay for at least ten years , 7 % plan to stay at least short-term . 
  and those that do n't might potentially have a positive impact on business relations of their home country with ours . 
  that 's interesting , but probably the wrong sub . 
   power comes from economic strength . 
  germany fleeces its neighbors for its own gain , preventing them from gaining any power . 
  frances weakness is hardly our fault . 
  it is more the result of decades of inability to reform . 
  plus them * voluntarily * entering a currency union with us ( actually , they forced us ) . 
   uh , dat data tho . 
  you guys had a deficit during the 90s , which turned immediately into a surplus with the advent of , uh , the euro . 
  germanys trade balance has turned into a deficit for a brief moment after the reunification . 
  not because of the value of our currency , but because eastern germany was n't producing shit . 
  we had a decent trade surplus by the time the euro was introduced . 
  i do not deny that the euro has helped our exports , but calling it the only reason is wrong .
