  i am just a bit worried about a us proposal under trump . 
  i seriously can not imagine what he is going to propose . 
  additionally , i do think that the uk is different to the rest of europe given the setup of its economy and thus not really `` competing '' with us in a variety of areas . 
   most uk politicians are aware that we have to try to leave the eu in a well-mannered way what boris said and did so far was neither very well-mannered nor very useful for the uk . 
  making yourself a fool is n't the best way to start negotiations . 
  i am looking forwards to what may will eventually say . 
   we want to support you with things like trade , defence , intelligence sharing and so forth . 
  same the other way around i think . 
   but that does mean the eu being prepared to give the uk a good fta . 
  a good fta is in the interest of both sides . 
  i just think that the two sides have a different understanding of what a `` good fta '' will be . 
  much of what the uk would like falls under `` core eu benefits '' which we wo n't grant to you due to obvious reasons . 
  what i am a bit worried about is that a `` good trade deal '' for the uk would be essentially be ceta on steroids ( or something like this ) . 
  given the public protest against ceta , this might become a bit problematic . 
   hahaha !, 
  however , if his point is that the usa would be prepared to do a trade deal with individual european countries but not the eu , that would be interesting . 
  i am convinced that the us is willing to do trade deals with individual countries . 
  however , actively trying to get countries into signing these deals is n't really well-mannered . 
  i do wonder what countries he wants to strike deals with though . 
  i think we can pretty much rule out that germany or france will be striking individual deals . 
  apart from those , only italy , the netherlands and belgium have significant trade with the us ( in terms of trade-agreement-worthiness ) . 
  what i am very interested in is whether trump-administration bilateral trade deals ( if there are any ) will include isds . 
   it now seems like uk will have a deal with both eu and us while they might not have a deal with each other . 
  its a funny world , i guess . 
  well , it depends on what point in time you mean  i do not think that you will finish a trade deal with the us under the first four years of trump . 
  this guy seriously does n't understand a thing . 
  someone should have told the british that they could just have struck their own deals without the eu . 
   did n't two european car companies get busted for making them operate within the law only when it sensed it was being inspected ? 
  this was only diesel cars however . 
  the us carmakers did n't really have a chance to run into these problems as they hardly produce any diesels . 
  it also has something to do with the money people are willing to spend on cars . 
  cheap cars willl be cheaply made . 
  you are aware that most `` german '' cars sold in the us are either produced in the us or in mexico ? 
  the cheap euro benefits this only indirectly , considering that some of the suppliers are in the eu . 
  [ ford has those ] ( http://media.caranddriver.com/images/15q2/657948/2015-ford-f-350-super-duty-v-8-diesel-4x4-test-review-car-and-driver-photo-658734-s-429x262.jpg ), 
  no personal attacks please . 
   even after the prior german state butchered millions needlessly , us troops remained , and us forces were committed for decades to keep west berlin and western germany free . 
  you do realize that you did that first and foremost because of your own interest ? 
  not because you cared about the german people that much . 
  i am aware that the us played a major role in making germany what it is today and i am thankful for that , but what you are doing comes close to distorting history . 
  your comment . 
  well , i was mainly focusing on the `` factory will need supplies '' part . 
  you are right about the effects the workers will have . 
   sales tesla is different to other car manufacturers in this regard . 
   storage just-on-time production, 
  you are kinda ignorant and you do n't seem to know a lot about what you are talking . 
   it 's the service of american kids , many of them way younger than me , stationed all across europe , still policing the fulda gap , who are going to - - if russia ever invades - - get torn up by bullets , shrapnel , losing arms and legs and eyes , while taking human lives , many of them never to see their families again , for a continent whose politicians and body politic sneers at us , over and over again for being bullies , for being warlike , for being the ` world 's police ' , and then berates us when we think it 's time to look at whether or not nations are actually contributing . 
  you do realize that the troops in germany are not here for country defence and that their number is pretty irrelevant compared to the european armies ? 
  i also am not aware of any significant us acitivity on the fulda gap  2 % of gdp is a minimum and even the estonians , barely out from the boot of the ussr , can get their shit together and do it . 
  there is no legal minimum . 
  it is a target point that countries agreed upon . 
  estonias military budget - they get more money from/through the eu per year than they spend on their military . 
   even the greeks !, 
  the greeks for fuck 's sake , they do n't have a pot to piss in or two drachmas to rub together anymore , and they step up to the plate , knowing that they 're far more likely to be called into a european war than fight with another nato partner called turkey . 
  you know the reason for that ? 
  mainly corruption and a pointless arms race with turkey that they can never win . 
  the greek army bought goddamn hovercraft landing boats that they have no possible way of using . 
  they bought numerous tanks from germany and they do n't even have ammo for them . 
  greece is n't really a country to look up to in this regard . 
   we 're sick of war . 
  nobody here is planning on starting another one . 
  wtf ? 
  removed . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   also , lots of people in the area will benefit because factory will need supplies this is just true for the most basic of gooods - electricity , water , food . 
  the remaining , highly developed , supplies will come from somewhere else - simply because they likely are n't being produced in that region . 
  i agree that it 's unlikely to happen . 
  there are too many `` if '' 's attached to it . 
  however , the likelyhood of this happening under rrg is significantly higher than under any other coalition . 
  sorry , but i am afraid that we can not approve this . 
  the positions you outlined are overly simplified and can thus not really serve as a basis for a meaningful discussion . 
  some of your summaries are also inaccurate , incomplete or misleading . 
  additionally , there are way too many typos in this submission . 
  we also wo n't allow a piece where your opinions take more part than the topic that you are talking about - at least not on such a topic in this manner . 
  sorry for that , given the time that you probably spent on this : /, 
  required votes in the * bundestag * : 46/69 spd+g reen = 18 spd+fdp+g reen = 4 spd+l inke = 4 spd + linke + gr\u00fcne = 4 linke + spd + gr\u00fcne = 4 spd + gr\u00fcne + ssw = 4 dark horses : green + cdu ( 6 ) & csu ( 6 ) . 
  it certainly is n't impossible . 
  accurate . 
  however , the afd is in favour of this as well . 
  let 's just assume , for the sake of the argument , this outcome : cdu 30 % , spd 25 % , green 11 % , linke 10 % , fdp 4 % , afd 14 % , other 6 % . 
  this would mean that rrg would actually have a majority to implement referenda into the constitution if the afd votes with them . 
  yes , it is unlikely that the afd would agree to a proposal of this kind and it is even more unlikely that rrg would even dare to ask the afd , but it certainly is n't out of this world . 
  i do not agree with everything the fdp does and says , but i think we desperately need a liberal ( in the european sense ) party in our parliament . 
  especially in these times where everyone is calling for increased surveillance and some people even suggesting to suspend fundamental rights or the rule of law , we need a party that is a staunch defender of these values . 
  i like the leading personnel of the party ( it will likely be lindner/kubicki leading the election campaign ) and i think , even though their campaign slogans are incredibly cringeworthy at the moment , they are one of the few parties that actually have a vision for this country . 
  contrary to many other parties , they have fielded specific proposals for various policy areas . 
  they ( their leaders ) also recently abandoned their pro federal referendums stance . 
  bonusses if they make it into the parliament : * gauland wo n't become father of the house * it is ensured that merkel will stay chancellor as it is unlikely that rrg will gain a majority in a 6 ( 7 ) - party parliament . 
  * we have a serious opposition party which will be an excellent example why the afd * is n't * a good opposition party . 
  -- -- -- * however * , despite me voting fdp , my desired coalition is cdu/csu/green for the sake of our democracy . 
  i do not want the spd to get worn out any more , i do not want a union/afd coalition ( even though thats not going to happen anyways ) and i do n't want rrg . 
  union/fdp does n't have a majority anyways and my personal favourite ( spd/fdp ) is n't even anywhere close to that . 
  he was talking about sch\u00e4uble , not schulz . 
  different comment tree , 
  i do n't think that it would change drastically and i also do not think that it would `` ruin germany '' as people claim sometimes . 
  i think that it would be worse than the current kind of government in some areas though . 
  do n't think so .
