  i believe in fair compensation - and the amount people earn currently is n't fair . 
  adequate pay and serving the public do not contradict each other . 
   culture to mass-rape the number of actual rapes in cologne was three if i am not mistaken . 
  and we are n't doing that either . 
  we took care of a number of * asylum seekers * - they do not have the option to return to their home country for now . 
  nobody says that they should get rich . 
  but we want good people for the job - and people of this kind deserve to be payed accordingly . 
  200,000 $ per year is a joke for a job of this kind . 
   i am not saying you are wrong , but do you have a source on this ? 
  [ bamf ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/07/asylantraege-juni-2016.html ) - i have to correct myself a little bit , we are talking about around 15,000 entries in april , may , june . 
   most migrants are n't from syria though . 
  source1 , source2 your first source is outdated . 
  the syrian share is significantly bigger for the whole of 2015 and it is bigger for 2016 ( 37.9 % syrians , 18 % afghans , 13.5 % iraqis , 3.6 % iranians ) . 
   then why are your counter-arguments based on legislation ? 
  because people are claiming that it would be the solution . 
  instead of simply arguing that ( this is , like pretty much everything , a matter of debate ) they are wrong , it is much easier to say why their suggestion ca n't be implemented in the first place . 
   maybe , but as long as we offer to take anybody in who can make the journey we are inciting people to risk their lifes to make it in . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  when you have someone in your country with a valid claim for asylum , you can hardly send him back to his home country . 
   per syrian refugee . 
  most refugees are n't from syria source1 i did never claim that a majority is from syria . 
  what matters is that syrians are the biggest and most significant group . 
  in terms of applications - and the share is even higher when you only take those into account that have been accepted . 
  in case you can read - i wrote about schr\u00f6der in the fucking first post on this thread . 
  this however is the fault of the country that does n't take care of its citizens , not our fault . 
  it is not our responsibility to take care of all poor people in europe . 
  you ignore that it is not only former politicians who recieve generous fees for speaking - e.g. 
  jeremy clarkson takes at least 50,000 # per after-dinner speech . 
  people/entities tend to pay a lot of money for politicians because they had one of the most interesting jobs in the world - meeting up with world leaders , shaping countries . 
  they pay a lot of money because politicians have valuable insight in the system - and a lot of experience . 
  you ignore that politicians are payed to hold speeches even by businesses that never saw any favors by said politician . 
  and no , i would argue that the majority of politicians over here acts in good faith . 
  come on . 
  you are being ridiculous right now . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
   the bmi said it received 75k asylum applications in july but you are right , it does n't say how many actually arrived that month . 
  the number of arrivals has been very consistent during most of this year . 
  always around 10,000 . 
   what source would you deem realiable ? 
  if the 4 to 6 number is true i do n't think germanys government would go around and spread that number . 
  any reputable media outlet would be a reliable source for me . 
  but 4-6 is unrealistic if you consider the legal limites on family reunification : parents can not get their adult children over here . 
  adults can not get their parents or siblings . 
  family reunification is limited to the core family . 
  it has been regularly mentioned in the media that many of the people that came here are `` young , unmarried men '' . 
  the numbers confirm that close to 50 % of the applicants to germany were men aged 14-34 . 
  let 's assume that around 20 % of those are married - this would take 30 % of asylum seekers out of the equation for family reunification already . 
  then , you have those who already arrived with their whole family over here . 
  i simply do not see how you can get to 4-6 under these circumstances . 
  especially considering that the main countries of origin ( syria ) do not have extraordinarily high fertility rates . 
   why do we need to wait until it is too late ? 
  legislation takes a long time , we should use the head start we have here . 
  you can not solve this problem through legislation . 
   like what ? 
  paying the northern african states to secure their sea borders . 
  improving the conditions in the home countries of these people ( merkel recently talked about some kind of marshal plan for africa ) . 
  the solution is in africa , not in europe . 
  feel free to think that way , but i am not . 
  i disagree fundamentally . 
   did n't the easy numbers show 50k in june or july i do not think so . 
  we had 50.000 asylum applications in may - but this is due to the applications of people already here . 
  source ? 
   and what about family reunification ? 
  it 's expected that for each refugee/migrant about 5 will follow ( depend on which source you believe ) . 
  i 'd like to see a reliable source for that number . 
  given that the possibilities of family reunification are rather limited , i sincerely doubt this number . 
   there is also the issue of global warming . 
  with africa loosing more and more of its habitable/farmable land migration numbers are more likely to rise than to fall . 
  that 's something fundamentally different and not something that is relevant today . 
  it might become relevant tomorrow , but that 's another issue . 
  with other ways of solving it . 
   if you went into politics for money , you shouldnt be there . 
  i did not suggest that . 
  i simply said that these people are not payed enough for the work they do . 
   its pure corruption . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's not a political issue , its a constitutional issue . 
  the difference is that eu citizens can easily go back to their home country , back into the safety net of their home country . 
  refugees cant . 
  how could i ? 
  she does n't earn enough money to employ me . 
  unlikely . 
  we are talking about 10k people a month currently . 
  but you can seek a job in germany . 
  i am a bit split on this . 
  on the one hand , i think it is a bit disgusting that people earn three to five times the yearly median wage in an hour . 
  on the other hand , heads of states are notoriously underpayed . 
  no matter whether you agree with their decisions or not , but leading a country is a really tough job and the pay is really shitty for the work they do . 
  the average director of a local bank tends to make more money . 
  additionally , this is still ten times better than people of this kind becoming corporate lobbyists or taking questionable positions like former german chancellor schr\u00f6der at gazprom . 
  you replied to the wrong comment , 
  the picture from the construction looks like there is a crown of thorns on the head . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5d93x1/president_obama_gives_powerful_speech_about/ if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  is n't the main obstacle the other country anyways ? 
   germany still paying something even to the people well , what do you expect ?
