   as an eu citizen i see plenty of concrete risks in the con column , whilst the things in the pro column are nebulous at best . 
  well , be specific please . 
  you can not really argue with history against the use of isds today . 
   here 's an interesting article i 've read about all the isds nonsense . 
  it makes some good points , but it is outdated . 
  his criticism on ceta is no longer valid as the treaty was modified to put more emphasis on the `` right to regulate '' . 
  his allegations that arbitrators tend to decide in favor of the claimant in order to ensure more claims in the future does not withstand a reality check . 
  especially european states have been extremely successfull in defending themselves against isds claims . 
  his suggestion of an arbitration court ( which i have no problem with by the way ) is currently being modelled for both ceta and ttip . 
  the thing is that it is not yet clear how these courts will look like . 
  i believe that we need some kind of investment protection , i really could not care less whether this is through isds or different means like a multilateral investment court . 
  such a court could actually solve many of the issues isds has . 
  but even the current `` vanilla '' isds is not as dangerous as people make it to be . 
  mr murdoch is that you ? 
  ^ / s but realisticly , it is what all english-speaking media has been doing for a while now . 
  i have always been very clear on that . 
  my position has always been that we should wait for the negotiations to finish and judge based on the final draft . 
  i am just contesting people who already made up their mind based on wrong facts or lack of knowledge . 
  i believe that there is no gain in rejecting negotiations alltogether `` because the deal * could * be bad '' . 
  call me whatever you want . 
  i have been called many things in this regard . 
  the only thing that matters is that i am arguing based on facts instead of unfounded speculations , like you and many others do . 
  does n't make him relevant . 
   while i applaud his move , it feels cheapened by the fact that it is post-brexit and ttip was essentially killed with it . 
  you wish . 
  i really doubt that it is killed . 
  we will see in a year or so . 
   now let 's hope we get more of these definitive statements honestly , does anybody still believe the french on this issue ? 
  i believe this to be the sixth time in six months that france has called for the ttip talks to be cancelled . 
  they never had anything `` real '' following their words . 
   and we can bury it for good ( sorry , / u/marktplatz ) . 
  honestly , i have no problem with burying it if it turns out to be a bad deal . 
  but to make that assessment , we need to know how the deal would look like . 
  that 's why i am in favor of finalizing the negotiations . 
  believe it or not : i have not made up my mind yet whether i like ttip or not . 
  i wonder if he really speaks on behalf of merkel in this regard . 
  he is n't one of the top faces in that party . 
  because this would make the term `` merkel ally '' ... well a bit of a stretch . 
   gunther krichbaum literally who ? 
   http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/news/blogs/makingwaves/6-things-about-ttip/blog/56429/ you 're grasping at straws . 
  greenpeaces interpretation of the leaks shows nothing substantial . 
  read it - they are only speculating . 
  their `` most significant evidence '' is the fact that `` things are not mentioned in the text '' . 
   i 'm sure you 'll find excuses to attack them , too maybe call them hippies or just smear them claiming they use ` buzzwords ' . 
  i think lack of any evidence is a pretty good attack that is completely neutral . 
   your excuses are running out . 
  come clean and admit you 're fine with watered down regulations . 
  honestly , i have nothing to prove here . 
  the ttip leaks do not contain evidence of what you are claiming . 
  it is you who has to deliver some solid evidence if you want to make your point . 
  and no , i am not fine with watered down regulations . 
   https://insidetrade.com/daily-news/froman-denies-need-gi-protection-ttip-criticizes-eu-food-safety-rules it is completely fine if one parties has a different opinion on an issue . 
  that 's why we have negotiations . 
  this does not mean that both parties will agree on this stance in the end . 
   what i meant was that it would limit the government powers in a way which sounds a bit too strong . 
  i understand the need for accountability and consistency , but the balance seems too skewed in favour of corporations in the proposed system . 
  well , on a more positive site we can see that this is simply not happening despite a lot of isds treaties being in place already . 
   for coal , i should have explicitly said that i was thinking about something like asbestos , you got the point though , we should have enough room to legiferate on those fields , and the issue is quite intricate ... if something is worth investing into , it 's probably because it 's on the cutting edge , which also makes it prone for discoveries of health or environmental issues , on which a government should be able to move freely . 
  we 're exchanging political freedom for economic freedom . 
  that 's why all of these agreements have clauses ensuring that regulation for environment and health can not be subject of isds claims . 
  but of course , these things must not serve as a vehicle for ohter actions . 
  as in my case - you can not push for environmental protection if your only goal is something that would qualify as `` unfair or unjust '' . 
  that 's why all countries affected are involved in the negotiations . 
  that 's why all countries involved have special demands . 
  to ensure that the risk of countries ending up with a net loss is decreased . 
  you are correct in what you are saying though . 
  we need a stronger european identity . 
  funnily enough , you need to go abroad in order to realize how `` european '' you really are and how little the differences between us . 
   you do n't find the increase in the number of lawsuits concerning ? 
  not really . 
  we are still talking about very low numbers of cases . 
  the money canada had to pay under isds claims so far is neglectable honestly . 
  effetively , a trade deal with the largest economy in the world has caused one additional claim per year . 
  i think that 's tolerable . 
  if you give more people the tool to bring claims of this kind , they will make use of it , without doubt . 
  i do not know what impact nafta had on us investments in canada though . 
  i guess they increased . 
  i do not think so . 
  compare it to debts : a new government is responsible for the debts the former goverment piled up , even though some people in syriza would like this not to be the case . 
  when a company gets a new leadership , it can not simply cancel contracts without repercussions just because the new ceo does n't like a specific deal . 
  you have a point though . 
  we have to find the right balance here . 
  i think it is wrong to punish every policy adjustment made on behalf of the electorate , but i also believe that countries need to be consistent players , even if the government changes . 
  you can not be careless as a government . 
   before the effects of certain polluting agents was understood ? 
  the thing is : we always knew what coal does . 
  it pollutes the environment . 
  it would be different if it was asbestos prior to people finding out that it 's dangerous for health . 
   canada has been the most sued country under nafta with 40 % of those challenges against the canadian government environmental policies , including one where we were sued ( successfully ) for adhering to an international treaty on exporting pcbs . 
  there will always be countries that are sued more than others . 
  if you look at europe , it is just a handful of countries that have been the target of the vast majority of claims . 
  concerning the pcb case ( s.d. 
  myers v. canada ) - the award was not granted because canada followed the international treaties but because there was sufficient evidence that it was a purely protectionist measure disguised as environmental protection , favoring canadian pcb remediation businesses . 
  let me quote the following : * `` the tribunal granted sdmi 's claims under nafta articles 1102 and 1105 . 
  it found that the export ban effectively discriminated against u.s. pcb waste disposal companies , in favour of canadian pcb waste disposal companies , thereby breaching nafta 's national treatment obligation . 
  the tribunal 's decision was based on its view that the primary purpose of the ban was to protect the interests of the canadian waste disposal industry and not environmental protection . 
  the tribunal , by a majority , also found that , on the facts of the case , the breach of article 1102 essentially established a breach of the minimum standard of treatment guaranteed by article 1105 . 
  mr. chiasson disagreed and found that sdmi had not established a breach of article 1105 . 
  '' * [ source ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/topics-domaines/disp-diff/sdm.aspx?lang=eng )  against canada : 35 against mexico : 22 against u.s. : 20 that 's three cases a year . 
  not exactly worrisome .
