  the prices have decreased significantly over time . 
   germany can later make a different selection when picking those 200k people . 
  why should we for example not be allowed to take ukrainians instead ? 
  i know what you 'll say , ukrainians do n't count , the war is only in a part of their country . 
  well guess what , the same goes for iraqis or afghans , many of them still got asylum in europe . 
  we have just announced to deport afghans coming from safe parts of the country . 
   hell , the same goes for some of the syrians as well . 
  its a lot more problematic in syria however . 
  the assad regime is a lot worse than the government in iraq or afghanistan . 
  males in the safe regions of syria have to fear for being forced to fight for the military . 
   i know a couple of ukrainians in cz whose friends or family members were drafted or went voluntarily to fight to the east and they never returned back . 
  do you know how difficult it is in ukraine for example for single moms with small kids whose father was killed in the war ? 
   they might not live in a war zone , but their lifes are just miserable . 
  they often do n't have the resources to make it to poland or other ee countries as economic migrants . 
  and nobody gives a shit about these people . 
  because they are pretty much the definition of `` economic migrants '' . 
  people say that the asylum laws were never meant for the current type of refugees - they certainly were n't meant for the kind of people you are talking about . 
   why could n't we just go to ukraine , pick up people whose fathers/husbands/sons were killed in the war and who are in poverty as a result , give them asylum here and count them in that stupid quota instead of people who do n't want to come to our countries anyway . 
  because it does n't contribute anything towards the goal of these resettlement programs . 
  the point has never been to force european countries to take refugees for the sake of taking in refugees . 
  the reason why the one-time resettlement was put in place was to relieve hungary ( who declined ) , greece and italy . 
  implementing a mechanism for continuous resettlements would essentially have the same goal . 
  it has never been the aim to distribute as much refugees as possible in europe . 
   my list of priorities goes like this : my own country , slovakia , the rest of the eu , the rest of the western countries and those attempting to join the west and only after that everyone else . 
  i sincerely doubt that it is different for anybody . 
  in general at least . 
  i think it is n't good to apply this line of thought for every policy area however . 
  it is possible to `` pay back '' for favours you recieved in other areas . 
   so to put it in the most extreme way , i would rather see the whole mena burn than see my own country go on the hungary path , or see the eu collapse and have russia exploiting the situation . 
  this does nothing to fix our problems though . 
  in fact , an event of this kind would encourate the biggest refugee wave we have ever seen , no matter the obstacles . 
  we can not build walls around europe , there will always be people getting in . 
   it 's unlikely that taking a couple of thousands of muslim refugees in cz would cause that , but you can not rule that out . 
  what if there 's a jihadist among them and he commits a terrorist act , what if some of them rape local girls/kids and this gives the ultimate advantage to the populists in the parliamentary and presidential elections . 
  that 's a problem of your own politicans in my opinion . 
  politicians in the eastern european countries ( including yours ) have used and strengthened the fear of immigration/foreigners for their own political gain . 
   i know i sound paranoid , but i 'm genuinely worried about this . 
  our democratic standards are not as strong as yours . 
  you can see hungary and poland doing a lot of backsliding . 
  nowadays trump is the next us president . 
  the uk is getting out . 
  the whole eu is under threat . 
  populists are scoring in we countries as well . 
  we already have a pro-kremlin ( figurehead ) president . 
  i do n't want him to get elected again . 
  i do n't want to add any unnecessary risk factors to my country . 
  that 's pretty much what the terrorists want though . 
  with some insignificant actions , they can get a country to do/not do something . 
  which is kind of a shame in my opinion . 
   you do n't understand this in the west , because even if you do vote stupidly once , your institutions are strong enough to overcome it and you can correct yourself the next time . 
  plus putin wo n't dare to touch you . 
  but over here , this is not certain . 
  one stupid vote and we might end up like hungary . 
  do you really believe your institutions are that weak ? 
   i feel like most of the people at this sub are pretty civil most of the times . 
  but then i guess i probably fit the mainstream opinion on refugees more than you , so i guess i understand where you 're coming from . 
  they are civil as long as they agree with an opinion . 
  if there is dissent on polarizing topics ( like the discussion we are having right now ) , it very quickly gets ugly . 
   you already have it . 
  the government the communists paired up with the centre-left to overthrow was very in the line of cdu politics . 
  granted you probably do n't need the heavy doses of austerity our government was imposing which could make a difference . 
  well , we had our fair share of `` austerity '' - the difference is that we made these efforts on time , before shit hit the fan . 
  the cdu is not `` right-wing '' in my opinion . 
  centre right would fit it better , under merkel even close to the center . 
   could the spd then be penalized if they breached this consensus driven approach by stating ahead of time that there will be no grand coallition no matter what ? 
  depends . 
  if a government is formed without greater hassles nonetheless , i do not think they would be punished by the voter . 
  if it gets complicated , they very well might . 
   our far-left was all adamant about this before elections ( exiting nato that is ) but as soon as they started negotiating a government with the centre-left they dropped it immediately . 
  the drive for the party to become part of a government really is n't there for the * linke * . 
  thus , transformation and moderation is less likely . 
   the spd has done better , even in the scheme of the grand coallition though . 
  sure their ideology is probably more palatable to larger portions of the electorate , but people will eventually want their vote to mean something . 
  the spd is simply the older party . 
  they have a decent number of people that will vote for them no matter what . 
  the problem is that this number has been declining . 
  the spd used to be the party of the blue-collar workers . 
  the number of these people is getting lower and lower . 
   heck , even the portuguese communists which have thrived in opposition for decades were recently pressed by their own base into supporting a centre-left government over letting the right back into power . 
  we do not really have the threat of a right-wing government in germany . 
   it sounds more attractive to me as a centre-of-centre-left but not extremist left-winger to have some sort of planof power such as `` we will seek to form a government with forces to the center and to the left of us '' rather than going it alone to a predictable cdu government . 
  i dont vote in germany though so it might be political traditions from my country seeping into my thought process and it would n't happen to a german voter . 
  there is a left-wing majority in the parliament right now . 
  the problem for them is this : the * linke * is separated between east and west . 
  their eastern part is pretty pragmatic and tends to get good results in the election . 
  their western followers and politicans tend to be fundamentalists , unwilling to compromise . 
  so they have politicians that do not even want to enter a coalition and some of their demands ( exiting nato for example ) simply can not work with any reasonable party . 
  additionally , the spd ran the last election promising not to enter a coalition with the * linke * . 
  a red-red-green government is still a red flag for many germans . 
   also what will they do in the event the union ca n't form a government by itself and has no other support ? 
  seek to form their own government ? 
  do a `` violent abstention '' like psoe did in spain ? 
  we generally do not have minority governments in germany . 
  we are a very consensus-driven society . 
  there will be a coalition no matter what . 
  in one federal state , politicians even said that they were willing to attempt to form a cdu-linke coalition if this was required . 
   it 's a tough sell to the electorate though : `` vote for us , we will be in the opposition '' . 
  has worked for the linke and afd rather well . 
   it might be good for them to be in the opposition for a while , but they need to present some kind of program other than simply being in the opposition no ? 
  of course .
