  some of them are caused by the fact that the north and the south are completely different , some are caused by other issues . 
  there however are more pressing things than our export surplus . 
  our wages are increasing amongst the fastest in europe , boosting internal consumption and eventually reducing the trade surplus . 
  there is no problem for the euro zone if germany is successful outside the ez . 
   and i think before the crisis you had been called `` the sick man of europe '' and you had to stop your salary growth true . 
  however in ' 07 , we started picking up again . 
  which is almost a decade now . 
  internal devaluation is n't great , but if it is what you have to do to become competitive again , why not . 
  it certainly is better than ruining your competitiveness altogether by increasing salaries by 45 % in 10 years like greece did . 
   anyway i 'm not convinced that you will be able to operate with your model in the long run i 'd say the problem is not operating on that model but prospering on that model . 
  it is delusional to believe that we wo n't see an economic downturn at some point , especially with an export-driven economy . 
  it 's natural . 
   either way , in theory countries that have a wide open economy like germany , are less flexible , when troubles appear , but time will show . 
  well , the last decade speaks for our model , does n't it ? 
  we are not the country experiencing unemployment and economic problems currently . 
   i 've read that developing countries saved your ass , but your major importer is in trouble as well we 'll have to find other markets . 
  iran might be a good start . 
  and think about this : we have lost 20 billion $ in annual trade with russia due to the sanctions . 
  this equals about 25 % of our exports to china . 
  yet we are not suffering , our economy is still going strong . 
  a slowdown does not mean that china will suddenly stop importing alltogether . 
   some people say that when a country has a surplus , then another country must have a deficit and by this reasoning some accuse germany of causing problems in pigs true . 
  but you have to look past the piigs . 
  the country with the largest trade deficit in the world is the us . 
  this naturally produces surplus somewhere else . 
  it is very easy to say ` germany needs to decrease its surplus ' - well , there is only one way of doing so and that is boosting internal consumption or losing competitiveness . 
  given that we do not have natural resources , our country essentialy has nothing but competitiveness when it comes to economy . 
  the issue is : if we reduce our trade surplus , it wo n't allow the pigs to pick up as they are not competing in the industries where we are strong . 
  half of our surplus come from car exports . 
  in case we decreased our exports by becoming less competitive , our market share will simply go to other countries producing in the same area - the us , south korea and japan . 
  there is not much to gain for south europe . 
  and additionally , greece does not even have a relevant export market . 
  we can not consume more greek goods if they are n't exporting anything but olive oil and feta cheese ( drastically spoken ) . 
   the germans do n't want to reduce their trade surplus the trade surplus with eu countries is not increasing . 
  the external surplus does n't matter . 
   because this export is unsustainable in the long run it really is n't . 
  our industry has been based on export for decades now . 
  what we need to do is diversifying our export markets so that we are n't hit as hard by crises in single countries . 
  does n't change the fact that mitterand in fact made that condition . 
  you also spend more on health-related issues ( percentage-wise ) . 
  in fact , you spend more than pretty much any developed country in the world . 
   but they are certainly violating our sovereignty by refusing to take their nationals back . 
  this is constructed and wo n't be held up in court . 
  since deportations are still the business of the national states , it is okay if we are doing it by ourselves . 
  of course , a eu-wide attempt would be better , but the issue is pretty urgent . 
  google translate might help . 
  as i said , the most problematic part would be us forcing individuals into the territory of another state . 
  it would be fine if they made the voyage voluntarily . 
  at least temporarily , you can deny people entry , even if they are citizens . 
  for the longer term , it depends on the rules of that state . 
  and the real issue here is : even if the state does not have the legal right to deny people entry , we are violating their sovereignty if we send people there against their will , no matter the legal basis . 
  i 'm relatively certain that you ca n't force a state to take back a terrorist for example . 
  we have threatened exactly that yesterday . 
  iirc the language requirements are lowered if you are a refugee . 
  refugees also get six years if i am not mistaken . 
  i am relatively certain that funds are needed . 
  edit : [ in german ] ( http://www.einbuergerungstest.biz/sonderregelungen/sonderregelung-fluechtlinge ), 
  how do you come to this conclusion ? 
  a state can refuse entry to unwanted individuals , putting people in a status where they are stuck without chance of getting anywhere ca n't be legal . 
  this would be a direct violation of their sovereignty . 
  and probably a violation of human rights from the side of the state sending people there while knowing they wo n't be accepted . 
  similar in germany . 
  these requirements have essentially forced uber out of the country for now . 
  a state can do that actually . 
  germany can into natural resources . 
  saudi arabia has pretty much the lowest production cost in the world , if i am not mistaken about 5 $ / barrel . 
  fracking can not compete with that , even if you include shipping costs . 
  well , you have to evaluate how powerful threatening to cut the aid is . 
  the aid needs to have a certain volume to make it a good negotiation tool . 
  plus you might shoot yourself in the foot by doing so - foreign aid is often connected to contracts with companies from your own country . 
  -- -- -- and by the way , our vice chancellor just threatened exactly that . 
  true , but so far politicians have been hesitant to use this measure as it would very likely damage the relation with that country . 
  this sounds easier than it actually is . 
  there is no way to deport people without the other country agreeing with it . 
  some countries have been very reluctant to do so . 
   which requires ( in germany ) six years of residence for people with refugee status . 
  it requires a bit more . 
  sufficient knowledge of the language and , most importantly , being completely self-supporting which already disqualifies a large share . 
  as i said before , there is more than the number of votes . 
  yes , but it 's unrealistic as you can not deport people to war areas . 
  fraktionszwang is entirely irrelevant here ? 
  running a balanced budget has a majority in his party by the way . 
  likely , it even has a majority in every party present in the parliament . 
  this proposal was already shot down by the leading personnel of sch\u00e4ubles party . 
  it is not going to happen . 
  speaking for germany , i am not aware of a central organization doing so . 
  it is mainly volunteers who come together without bigger organization or simply locally organized groups . 
  if this became reality , i would be pretty interested who would opt for the ` second group ' . 
  i can hardly see countries like denmark choosing to remain in the first group . 
  and what 's even more interesting : what will happen to ireland in such a case ? 
  it would become some really interesting country : either it would become a country that is in the second group while having the euro as a currency or they remain in the ` first group ' and the direct connection between ireland and the uk would suddenly become really weird . 
   i 'm sorry this got downvoted it does not even make sense that it is being downvoted . 
  even the people that are against immigration should be aware that the people who are already accepted here will not magically disappear and that integration is the most crucial part for making this situation manageable in the long term . 
  calm down , it was just a proposal by a single person . 
  there is seriously no possibility of this being implemented . 
  this opens up so many economic perspectives . 
   but they do publicly hang gay people transsexuality is allowed though . 
  at least something . 
   still , personally i would n't be surprised if there were a profound shift in the way germans view themselves over the next few years and decades , perhaps including their approach to the currencies . 
  i know this article .
