  ensuring that all taxes are collected would be a very good start . 
  do n't forget that the people still owe the greek government 80 billion or more euros . 
  that is a lot of money , even for the big countries like germany . 
  had this money been payed initially , the situation would be significantly better in greece right now . 
  debt payments would be lower , measures less severe , unemployment likely lower than today . 
  this literally on top of the frontpage . 
   they are n't in a monetary union though . 
  there have been us states running a surplus aswell . 
   on the one hand , the big surplus just shows that germany earns more than it spends . 
  this is what a surplus indicates i think . 
   on the other hand , germany 's neighbours deficit , lack of growth and heavy unemployment show that they are n't earning enough . 
  true , but it falls a bit short just to blame germany for that . 
  it is always easier to blame someone else , but you have to tackle the domestic problems . 
  relying on other countries wo n't really get you anywhere . 
  for good reason , we did not spend the beginning of the 21st century complaining about others but actually trying to fix stuff . 
  whether it was the right thing to do or not is debateable , but hey , it worked . 
  if we simply waited for other countries to prop up our domestic economy by increased spending - we would still be waiting today . 
   they could earn more if germany was spending more . 
  it is not our responsibility to directly prop up other economies however . 
   the problem is that the current situation is great for germany , mediocre for france , moderately bad for italy , even worse for portugal and spain , and awful for greece . 
  this would imply that the money we do not spend currently would otherwise go to these countries . 
  which is a somewhat unfounded claim . 
  if we wanted to help greece , we would need to invest money in greece . 
  not running a surplus wont help greece that much - they have no export industry worth the name . 
  true , but as i said , it is also the point of having an economy to provide jobs and job stability . 
  so sacrificing wage growth for the good of the economy is not certainly a bad thing for the workers . 
  why should n't it ? 
  the optimal situation would be keeping those who are integrated and earning money and sending back the people who do n't . 
   so 20 years is perfectly accurate . 
  in what world ? 
  you are implying that we held down wages for 20 years which is simply inaccurate . 
  wages were positive in real terms [ since 2005 ] ( https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/spiked-online.com/images/diw2.jpg ) . 
  since the financial crisis , the wage growth beat most of europe . 
   yeah , see how long the rest of the world is willing to run up massive deficits to offset your giant surpluses . 
  they have been doing that for decades now and there is no change in sight . 
   the us treasury has already essentially called you a threat to the global economy . 
  they can call us whatever they want . 
  as long as they keep buying our stuff , it simply does not matter . 
  should ttip come into force , this will only increase . 
  the balkan refugees were mostly gone by 2000 . 
   it 's the first time it 's happened in over 40 years and especially in the current situation , it is unprecedented . 
  other countries have been running surpluses for a longer time . 
  switzerland for example is running a surplus [ since four years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/switzerland/government-budget ) . 
  the us ran a surplus under clinton [ at the beginning of this millennium ] ( http://thf_media.s3.amazonaws.com/infographics/2012/10/sr-fed-spending-numbers-2012-p4-chart-4_highres.jpg ) . 
   of course it 's not a bad thing for germany that they 're exports are high but , you have a weak currency with negative interest rates , that makes your exports artificially much higher than they ` should ' be ( than if germany were to have its own currency ) . 
  whereas you have greece , italy etc which , since they share a currency with relatively strong germany , have lower exports which hinders their recovery . 
  true . 
  but we have always been opposed to devaluating the currency this way . 
  i acknowledge that it is one of the major flaws of the euro , but everybody knew what he signed up for . 
  it is pretty impossible to lead the ecb in a way that pleases both north and south equally . 
   and wage rises do n't necessarily make an economy less competitive , they 're normally due to increased productivity . 
  you can completely productivity out of the equation here . 
  wage rise = less competitive ( compared to no wage rise ) . 
  as i said , our wages are increasing significantly and that is a good thing , but i disagree with the notion that we should drastically increase it ( talking about 5 % + ) . 
   france 's problems are n't isolated though , the average unemployment rate in all eurozone countries is over 10 % and has barely fallen for years - you can not blame france 's labour laws for that . 
  france is severely underperforming . 
  i think that these laws are * part * of the problem . 
  i also did not say it would completely fix these things , but it would certainly help . 
   why do you think leaving the euro would suddenly cause a collapse in exports or imports ? 
  because , while we are extremely competitive , a sudden exit would cause the new german currency ( or northern currency , i could see a new currency union with similar countries like the netherlands & austria ) to explode . 
  german products are nowhere known for being cheap . 
  in fact , people usually pay a premium for products made in germany . 
  german cars for example are usually more expensive than a lot of other cars . 
  german machinery is not known for being cheap either . 
  but people are willing to pay the price . 
  this could change with a currency that is worth a lot more . 
  people would suddenly say : yes , the german product is 20 % better , but it costs 40 % more and we ca n't justify that . 
  we used to be accustomed to this , our products were always significantly more expensive . 
  but i am afraid we got dragged down a bit by the weak euro . 
  you do not need to give 100 % when you do not depend on it . 
  meaning longterm , we would likely be fine . 
  but short-term would be horrible . 
   the creation of the euro had no effect on uk exports and imports to the eurozone , for example ( not a great comparison , but it 's the best there is ) . 
  actually i think it is a very unfitting comparison . 
  the uk was not forced to make changes due to the euro , the effect in general could be described as minor . 
   you 'll still have the free trade bloc , just now individual currencies will be able to move freely with the market so poorer countries would become more competitive and richer ones less so . 
  yes , but the problem is that the effects would be immediate which would be horrible . 
   and varoufakis was talking about greece leaving on its own ( i assume ) which is very different to germany . 
  so germany would * not * leave on its own in this ? 
  i have put some thought into this and the only realistic way to dismantle the euro would be fading it out . 
  meaning that we do not get rid of the currency all together , but rather have countries leave one at a time . 
  from the weakest to the strongest ( so probably greece first , germany last ) . 
  this would allow for the rich countries helping the poorer countries to absorb the shock while the increase in value would only be very slow , allowing the northern economies to adjust . 
  this would create a whole lot of other problems , but i have come to the conclusion that completely disbanding it from one day to another would be the worst scenario . 
  northern economies would crumble , southern savings would be gone . 
  this however is entirely irrelevant to what i was saying . 
  i did not even intend to include any judgement in this wording . 
  `` tied to '' is pretty neutral . 
  our industries are simply tied together . 
  your point really is only relevant if you want to say `` france stronk '' which never was my point . 
  airbus makes decent airplanes , based on a european cooperation which is all that matters . 
   pensions and wage rises do not constitute increasing demand . 
  they create conditions where consumption can increase however . 
  and consumption * is * increasing . 
   running an unprecedented fiscal surplus it 's not exactly unprecedented . 
   germany exports far more than it should well , can you blame us ? 
  i would argue that there is not a single country in this wold which would say : `` oh no , people are buying our products , we quickly need to get less competitive '' . 
  our wages are increasing , in a reasonable way that lets us become less competitive over time without completely wrecking our economy . 
   of course france has a problem with its unions and rigid labour laws fix them before you evaluate the total situation . 
   but germany leaving the euro ( or the currency being abandoned altogether ) would help virtually every other country within it .
