  sch\u00e4uble turned the spd against him , '' mr. gabriel said in an interview with german public broadcaster zdf . 
  the chief argument between the two men stems from a paper authored by mr. sch\u00e4uble and submitted during last weekend 's marathon talks in brussels . 
  it was a paper that suggested greece should leave the euro on a temporary basis for five years , causing outrage in many european quarters . 
  the proposal also got mr. gabriel , who also serves as the country 's economics minister , in hot water after he initially suggested he was `` of course '' aware of mr. sch\u00e4uble 's proposal . 
  he has since distanced himself , telling the zdf that it was `` not sensible '' for the proposal to be brought forward in the name of germany . 
  the opposition green party , meanwhile , sees the so-called governing right-left coalition as severely weakened and urged ms. merkel to pay closer attention to europe than to the musings of her finance minister . 
  `` finance ministers come and go , but the relations with our most important european partner france and our european stance remain , '' cem \u00d6zdemir , head of the green party , told handelsblatt . 
  `` these will have to withstand both sch\u00e4uble 's grexit and gabriel 's hedging . '' jan hildebrand is handelsblatt 's chief political correspondent in berlin . 
  barbara gillmann is a handelsblatt correspondent in berlin . 
  siobhan dowling and christopher cermak of the handelsblatt global edition also contributed to this story . 
  to contact the authors : hildebrand@handelsblatt.com and gillmann@handelsblatt.com, 
  at least considering the last actions of russia , it is the opposite . 
  there were more people in eastern germany that were actually expressing sympathy with the annexation of crimea than people disagreeing with it . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ifd-allensbach.de/uploads/tx_reportsndocs/faz_april_2014_russland.pdf ) , this was directly after the annexation . 
  according to this poll , 46 % of westerners but only 28 % of east germans were in favor of sanctions against russia . 
  i was n't serious , even though some people would like to get rid of the bavarians sometimes . 
  lets hope it continues that way . 
  thank you . 
  we 're not gon na split up anytime soon , i am sorry . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  lets hope we dont see this neologism like we see ` grexit ' every day . 
  not really . 
  serbia is a ` safe haven ' already , still 10k applicants . 
  while business opportunities are certainly great ( especially for us ) , the most important thing is raising the living standards of the iranian citizens who suffered long enough . 
  dont know , but there is no way that italy surpasses germany . 
  i am confused . 
  the statistic you linked gives other stats than ops stat . 
  according to ops stat , italy has by far the least favorable stance towards russia , contrary to your statistic . 
  if you lose 15 % of your gdp , cutting the budget is necessary and justified . 
  i doubt that you would find germany , france and italy willing to pay even more because someone left . 
  they can not force-change the terms of paying against the will of the national states . 
  what is more relevant is this :  a : contributions are based on three factors : \u2022 how well each economy is doing . 
  this is measured by gross national income ( gni ) and accounts for the largest proportion of each country 's contribution . 
  \u2022 a percentage of vat income . 
  \u2022 additional revenues raised from customs duties , agricultural levies , vat and even sugar contributions are collected on behalf of the eu ( countries are entitled to a rebate of 25pc of these revenues to help pay for administration costs - last year the uk received $ 850m back from brussels for this reason ) . 
  since it is proportionate to gni and vat , it means that a brexit would result in the eu having less funds , not in germany & co. paying significantly more to hold up the same level of budget . 
  our own population is whining all the time as well , at one point you get used to it , i guess . 
  also , despite all differences , the uk is somewhere ` closer ' to us than many southern european states . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  i think this is all too small-scaled to qualify as a `` dystany '' . 
  this however is something completely different than a political dynasty . 
  his daughter is mep , but i doubt this counts as `` dynasty '' . 
  not really . 
  we had a few cases where the father or grandfather was an mp aswell , however talking about ` political dynasties ' is not fitting . 
  examples : the father of our current mod was prime minister of lower saxony . 
  the grandfather of our former mod ( guttenberg ) was mp for 15 years . 
  his stepfather was also the son of third reich minister of foreign affairs ribbentrop , but that does not really count i guess . 
  edit : forgot de maizi\u00e8re , / u/myfeetaregreen is right . 
  he also has to consider the financial limits of russia . 
  there is only so much russias economy can take . 
  even the tourists that were polled hated us : s, 
   and yet it has been discussed more than once by a few geo-political commentators , many of whom suggest that europe ca n't be peaceful until russia is divided and neutered . 
  what are these commentators ? 
  some right-wing conservative hawks ? 
  we can very much live peaceful with russia . 
  we did so since 70 years despite the relations being strained a lot more in a much more hostile environment . 
  you do not even need to convince these people . 
  frankly , their opinion does not matter in the first place . 
  until they can form protests , demonstrations and whatever against a defensive nato case , the troops are already deployed . 
  and fortunately so , the nato would not work otherwise , military action to help someone you do not really know is always highly unpopular amongst the populations , however they would expect the others to help them if * they * were the ones attacked . 
  germany has not been the country that tried to stop sanctions against russia . 
  germany had a period of pretty good relations with russia under our former chancellor ( who now works for gazprom ) , it has cooled down since then . 
  germany will always be opposed to war action and our economy will ( obviously ) be opposed to sanctions . 
  but then , all economies are , the french are not exactly happy what happened to the mistral ships , nevertheless their willingness to go up against russia is not doubted . 
  a nato defense case is something else . 
  i doubt you can even veto the defense case in art. 5 i think the statistic means more like germany persuading its allies not to engage in war . 
  however , i doubt that this would happen . 
  we are not especially keen to be a direct neighbor of russia again . 
  i am a bit surprised how badly russia is seen , especially here in germany ( yes , i know that the standing is not as bad as in e.g. 
  italy ) . 
  these numbers date back prior to any action considering crimea . 
  i 'd love to see a statistic of this kind now , but i am afraid it will show that some countries like each other even less . 
  putin might be aggressive , but putin is not stupid . 
  the people calling for the annulation of the independence of the baltics were some freaks in the duma , both putin and the general state attorneys of russia said that it was stupid to do so . 
  also , yes , germany is peace-loving and our economy would like to see the sanctions against russia removed , however this does not apply to the case of a war with russia . 
  unfortunately never i guess . 
  if it fails , there will be future attempts for trade agreements , if it goes through , we will have people that , everytime something bad happens to the economy , go : `` you see ? 
  thats all because of ttip '' . 
  it is somewhat unviable to use google translate during a face-to-face meeting , dont you think ? 
  i can very much determine what hate speech means , thank you very much . 
  however , there is no single definition for it , especially in a case like this much would depend on the admin looking at it . 
  still no . 
  i guess other nobel prize winners do not have a weekly column in the nyt . 
  nevertheless , a nobel prize pretty much indicates that you are a very intelligent human being and that you have excellent knowledge on a certain area . 
  krugman did not recieve a nobel prize for advanced debt crisis management however . 
  i would happily translate it if i wasnt stuck in exams currently . 
  the title under which it was posted here on the sub , which i was referring to , says otherwise . 
  there was no opinion added , it is very much he first paragraph of the article . 
  do n't think this violates the rules enough to provoke a removal . 
  in my opinion the situation is not comparable . 
  i very much read the post and still i disagree , i also do n't understand why this sidebar thingy should include a link to an irrelevant thread . 
  also , `` hate speech '' is a very broad term , it poses the threat of censorship in my opinion . 
  what shocks me more is the fact that he advocated for a `` no '' vote when he did not even know what the alternative was . 
  it was actually pretty obvious that the greek government would not come up with a miraculous good plan after a no vote . 
  i really fail to see the importance or effect of an action of this kind . 
  considering hate speech , / r/europe is pretty well moderated , there is no need for this . 
  pursuing action against hate speech is a lot more valuable than putting something like this in the sidebar . 
  unfortunately this is really hard to prevent . 
  nevertheless they should do some checking on that with ` fake ' refugees . 
  very reliable and neutral source ...
