  they are not deported straight away . 
  unfortunately , asylum requests can take over half a year to process which is abused by some people . 
  while it is true that the overwhelming majority of people from kosovo dont have valid asylum reasons , a very few people do . 
  which forces us to go into every case and judge on case-by-case basis . 
  also , it is possible to delay deportation in several ways . 
  this is why it is a high priority issue for our politicians to speed things up . 
  if we can ` get rid ' ( sorry if that offends anybody ) of the requests from kosovo , our system will be a lot less stressed and it will leave more resources for the people who actually deserve asylum . 
  funfact since you are in austria : 2/3 of your provinces did not take in any refugees . 
   there is n't a shed of political will anywhere outside of germany and sweden to spend as much money per migrant as you guys . 
  i guess the benelux and austria are spending pretty much on the same level . 
  you forget the third way : financial support for countries who struggle with the financial side of taking in refugees . 
  the money is not the problem if we are talking about refugees in germany . 
   no half-assed brussels regulation is going to do shit . 
  depends on the measures taken if the regulation is violated by the people . 
   when germany needed working hands this part remains true however , at a higher level of education though . 
  i have * zero * information on the education level of the current refugees from syria however . 
  if they lack education , we will have to educate them to fill the positions we need . 
   furthermore , the people who came where from european cultures ( including the turks after ataturk ) that did n't adhere to any radical belief . 
  the people partly fled from the radical beliefs of isis , so time will tell what they really are . 
  so far , i have not read about syrians being a threat . 
   the current immigrant waves comes in a period of unemployment , making them a massive net loss for western countries this is not true for germany and this is also the reason why i am in favor of supporting greece by e.g. 
  processing all syrians . 
   and many of them are radicals with the full baggage that have led to major terrorist attacks almost monthly in europe . 
  citation needed . 
   i seriously doubt that situation in greek migrant camps/settlements is worse than in slums of balkan roma population , that constantly trickles to germany . 
  yet , gypsies are deported routinely . 
  this however is not the standard we are looking for . 
   and i fail to see the difference between refugees and european economic mugrants , once refugees set foot in the first safe country . 
  both are people , in peaceful countries , living in relatively poor conditions . 
  no sane person would want to stay in a country unable to provide you with the most basic human needs that also offers no prospects of employment to you for years to come . 
  the syrian war wont just end from one day to the next within a year or so . 
  the syrian people will stay here for quite some time . 
  by the standard of the european courts who stopped ordering derportations to greece based on basel because of that . 
  its not about outspending but about basic human needs . 
  it does not matter if unfair for you or not . 
  the people are there and more people are coming . 
  you cant really get rid of the people that have valid asylum claims as you cant deport them back to greece ( because of inhumane treatment there ) . 
  if you already cant change it for the better ( even suspending schengen wont solve this completely ) , why are you against a fair distribution ? 
  it is like the only thing that is capable of relieving pressure from your country . 
  you can actually play around with a lot of things in this respect . 
  cutting support ( as long as lawful ) if you leave your assigned country , no work permits in other countries etc. 
  but your country would actually be one of the countries profiting from such an agreement ? 
  you already take in a lot more people than germany based on your population . 
  yes . 
  but not only the people , also the financial burden ( in accordance to several factors , including population and economy . 
  i am not that certain whether refugees already in the coutnry should be taken into account because it would result in germany and sweden not having to accept anybody for a year or so ) . 
  this also gives some space for `` trading in '' less people for more contribution . 
  basically everything someone can come up with is better than the current system . 
   i am a proponent for opening a huge refuge camp , un style , in syria . 
  and how are you going to protect it ? 
  this camp would immediately be target # 1 for some radical freaks . 
   we will lower the costs by having them all in one place ( economies of scale and all that ) and , also , it will be a place to properly register potential immigrants and process them according to need and not according to whom could afford to metaphorically jump the fence first the problem is : pretty much half of the syrian population is eligible for asylum . 
  also , camp sizes can not be increased immediately , the larger the camp the more likely it is to have crime in it . 
  there is a point where you simply cant control it anymore . 
  unless they do something unlawful , we cant do anything about them . 
  the german branch of the pkk has not done much unlawful since 2000 ( and even before , it was mainly occupying buildings ) , yet the pkk is forbidden here . 
  supporting organizations close to the pkk is fine though . 
  the same goes for financial support that does not directly go to the pkk . 
  nevertheless , direct members of the pkk are prosecuted ( and even sent to jail ) . 
  i think you have worse things to worry about than the pkk sympathizers in our country ( the contribution of germans that goes indirectly to the pkk was `` just '' 8 million euros a year anyways ) . 
  not ok enough in my opinion . 
  botswana has a population of two million people . 
  they will say thank you for being populated with large numbers of refugees . 
   pkk members live freely in europe , have regular rallies , while similar isis activities would not be tolerated . 
  why ? 
  because pkk is only targeting turks . 
  nope . 
  because the pkk supporters here dont exactly exercise violence and because most of them live a lawful live . 
  on what basis should we prohibit them living here if they do us no harm ? 
   because pkk is only targeting turks . 
  the cases where turkey bombs the pkk and where the pkk is attacking turkish military/citizens/institutions are in fact reported on german news , believe it or not . 
   charleston church shooting where 9 blacks were gunned down , didnt get the same media hysteria as the charlie hebdo shooting . 
  probably because the shooting was in the us ( they have some shooting on a school every few weeks it seems ) and because it was n't an attack on the freedom of speech ( whatever one thinks about these cartoons ) . 
  ~ ~ the shooting in france today was n't reported here either , this does not make us following any agenda . ~ ~, 
  how is that violating treaties ? 
  you could argue that these actions are covered by unsc resolution 1973 . 
  so what agenda is the west following ? 
  rwanda , a great example of a country that holds up our values and standards . 
  because we think that we have overcome these times ? 
  the conventions that we respect todays are a valued good and many people gave their lifes to accomplish this . 
  why should we throw this away ? 
  maybe thats because it happened in an area that we have close ties to and that is not separated with guarded borders from our own country ? 
  it does not have to do with bias , people are simply not that interested in happenings outside the eu and the us . 
  i am sure that there are a lot of heros in the world , preventing terrorrism , here , in our allied countries , in war-ridden countries like in syria . 
  but it is simply not possible to report on everybody . 
  you never had that amount of parties fighting each other in a single country . 
  in syria its the regime troops , the fsa , al-nusra , isis and some minor forces . 
  there will be no winners in this , only losers . 
  if it continues the way it is , syria will be leveled . 
   i could see support for sanctions against russia being lifted however , this would benefit germany a lot especially . 
  germany is valuing ukraines territorial integrity higher than our economic wellbeing , especially considering that our industry is doing really well despite the sanctions being in place . 
  there is no way that the sanctions are being lifted to ` punish ' eastern european countries for not taking in refugees . 
  the sanctions will likely remain intact until the dispute in eastern ukraine is resolved in some way ( even if crimea remains with russia ) . 
   russia does n't even want western goods any more ... russia maybe does n't , the people , especially the upper class , do . 
  how do you `` enforce '' a border ? 
  if these people have valid asylum claims , we have no legal basis to send anyone back . 
  syria was not exactly doing well , they had their fair share of human right violations , people disappearing , censored press and all kinds of repression . 
  but i guess i get where you are coming from , they were still in a much better state than they are now . 
  this however does not matter the slightest in named decision . 
  you dont wan na fight for either party , what do you do ?
