  i can not see many people demonstrating there . 
  one of the few ( german ) articles that manage to highlight the ` other ' side while not siding with either side ( that sounds stupid ) . 
  i hope that there will be an english translation in the near future , it is a good read . 
  this is not exactly an in-depth video , it at least fails to give both sides of the coin . 
  it should be called ` listen to ttip opponents talking about why ttip is bad for one hour ' . 
  pssh , you are destroying the narrative . 
  / r/european title for this video ( not even kidding ) :  jew in germany : all germans nazis , their extinction is fortunate . 
  jews = # 1 enemy of europe, 
  are we ` just ' talking about current mps ? 
  it doesnt . 
  it doesnt to me . 
  it is just what you are used to . 
  source ? 
  of course a grexit was never the will of the greek government . 
  it would be pretty much political suicide to pursue this way . 
  still , some countries are committed to hold greece in the euro no matter the cost which allows greece to get better deals as the alternative is a grexit . 
  this does not include an opinion of mine , by the way . 
  i would argue that it is the same story here . 
  while in the first view it is unacceptable that russia does this stuff , it is very much understandable . 
  this saber-rattling is exercising political influence in my opinion . 
  i think you can hardly talk about a ` win ' given greeces situation . 
  there are no winners in this crisis . 
  well , maybe a few banks . 
  [ at least there are more countries using decimal points than countries using the imperial system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decimal_mark#/media/file:decimalseparator.svg ), 
  yes , but russia is not in the position to threaten `` if you join nato we are going to invade you '' . 
  if anything , a nato membership prevents that . 
  also , sweden is a bit better located than ukraine or georgia . 
   european integration has always been based on consensus politics and reconciliation . 
  well , the last negotiations were not exactly promising in that perspective , talking about greece , germany , finland & co.  there is no place for war . 
  true , but the negotiations have been very hostile from both sides . 
  war is a drastic term , but likely describes how syriza feels about the situation they are in . 
   what kind of union would that be if it could be turned upside down by every small country according to its own unilateral interpretations ? 
  this is not really about interpretation . 
  the greek side thought that the threat of a grexit would give them a lot more bargaining power than it actually did . 
  i did not exactly like the ` plan ' of a temporary grexit by mr. sch\u00e4uble , however the suggestion alone completely stripped the greek government of their only bargaining tool . 
  you can not work with the threat of a grexit if the other side is not afraid of it . 
  this actually sounds a lot more dangerous than it is . 
  it is pretty hypocritical to criticize them for doing so . 
  if sweden was to ally with russia in military matters ( purely hypothetical , i know this wont happen ) , it would certainly be seen as a threat to our security and countermeasures would be taken by the nato countries - meaning that a strategy that pays tribute to the changed environment would be created . 
  a strategy that would possibly include tangible actions against sweden in case of a war . 
  publically announcing it is another thing though . 
  in germany its the other way around . 
  its easy to fall into your ` regular ' habits . 
  using the comma your way is actually pretty exclusive to the anglosphere . 
  i think this quote from a greek official gives a somewhat good explanation :  `` we went into a war thinking we had the same weapons as them '' , he says . 
  `` we underestimated their power '' . 
  for the maturity extensions , we are talking about decades however if i understood it the right way . 
  i can not see greece staying in deflation for 30 years . 
  also , there is a limit for ` austerity ' , at one point there is either nothing left that you could cut costs on or the limit of the social peace is reached , with a return to the drachma . 
  of course only given that there will be no improvements at all in the next years , given that greece will be stuck in a downwards spiral forever . 
   living in a secular country , i would rather protest to the end , riot or move to another country if no other choice , then live in the country that has such union between state and the church . 
  well , nobody forces you to pay that tax . 
  i prefer a central collection over an intransparent collection by the churches . 
   does the church even pay back for this tax collection service ? 
  it does . 
  the states ( which are collecting the tax ) get between 2 and 4.5 % . 
  considering your followup question to / u/brazul - generally the islamic religous groups do not get to collect taxes through this mechanism , however there are exceptions , like a group in hesse which is allowed to get funds through it . 
  it is a bit complicated and needs feform . 
  what is so surprising about it ? 
  the government collects it and distributes it towards the churches . 
  there are some churches that collect them themselves ( in hamburg ) but they are rare . 
   how are they collecting these taxes the church is n't . 
  the government is . 
  i dont get where you are coming from , sorry . 
  of course there is a loss , but these losses are no direct ` transfer payments ' between states . 
  if it was n't benefitial for greece , it would be stupid to even bring this up . 
  indirectly , it is true , however ` circumventing ' the rules this way is , if anything , a minor violation , contrary to a full debt relief . 
  also , this way the relief is distributed over a long period of time , a lot more ` healthy ' than a straight-up debt relief . 
  are you talking about interest payments here ? 
  the source doesnt give information about that unfortunately . 
  maybe lack of regional numbers , maybe effects of nation-wide social security . 
  because they are effectively no payments towards another country . 
  otherwise any loan given that has interest rates below the inflation rate would be violating eu treaties . 
  true . 
  this is especially complicated if you see that greece has had deflational tendencies for the last years . 
  i do believe that we will get back to positive inflation territory in the future however . 
   later on friday greece is likely to get confirmation of a $ 7m bridging loan from an eu-wide bailout fund , despite the reluctance of non-eurozone countries , such as the uk and the czech republic , to be dragged in . 
  the bridge loan is without participation of the imf if i am not mistaken . 
  contrary to the common belief , germany is accepting the suggestion of prolonging the debt repayments and grace periods in terms of decades which is equal to a debt relief . 
  despite reaching a similar effect , i would argue that this is not violating the eu treaties while a straight-up debt relief would . 
   a delay is the same as a write-off because all the time a country is not paying its debts , its economy is getting bigger and stronger and better able to pay the debt . 
  inflation also means the debt is worth less and easier to afford . 
  and the debts , much of which are just guarantees of greek bank assets that will recover most of their value over time , are probably not needed anyway . 
  this is not a message that sch\u00e4uble or the german parliament wants to hear . 
  this is actually entirely wrong . 
  [ in his letter to the * bundestag * ] ( http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/18/055/1805590.pdf ) ( in german , page six ) considering the vote for the third package , sch\u00e4uble clearly states that they are open towards prolonging both grace periods and repayment periods in order to make the greek debt more sustainable . 
  yes , they are not keen on inflating away debt , however they are not opposed to it on a smaller scale ( ~ 2 % ) and they are pretty aware that prolonging the terms is equal to a partly writeoff . 
  it is a fact that they are dissatisfied with it nevertheless . 
  just google for `` weidmann qe '' and you will find lots of articles talking about him disagreeing . 
  sch\u00e4uble calling for it does not lead to the ecb to do anything . 
  sch\u00e4uble is free to express his opinion on measures of the ecb , the same way many people are criticizing the ` german ' nature of the ecb ( meaning that its target is largely limited to inflation control and not unemployment ) . 
  the * economist * article ( which is an opinion piece as well ) dates back to times * before * the qe programme . 
  it puts up unfounded claims and doesnt even know about the final qe programme . 
  in fact , it was twice the size mentioned in the article and despite the article claiming it was in ` german terms ' , germany was and is opposed to it . 
  in general , there is nothing wrong with draghi taking the ` fears ' and concerns of the * bundesbank * into account , he also takes the opinion of the other central banks into account . 
  that does not mean that he is enslaved by any of these institutions . 
   so , in theory , sch\u00e4uble may have some small , indirect influence on the ecb . 
  which he doesnt even exercise . 
  it comes from joint ideas and ` ideologies ' . 
   so , there is no nominal minimum wage that applies for everyone across the board .
