  ) , i am not that sure about that . 
  i think that leave would still win , but certainly not by 60 % . 
  honestly , for a country `` going to shit '' , life is excellent here and the prospects for the near future are decent . 
  use / r/askeurope for that, 
  call it censorship if you want - what matters is that it does n't aim at dissenting opinions , the application of these laws is limited to holocaust denial , inciting hatred and hate speech . 
  and before you try to argue about the term ` hate speech ' being vague - it is a term that is consistently interpreted by courts in a very narrow definition . 
  it is kind of funny that literally nobody even tried to defend russia . 
  their only line of defense is `` germany is horrible , you have no free speech and no free press '' . 
  i am waiting since half a year for some links . 
  nobody who has claimed this so far has been able to come up with a * single * case where a dissenting opinion was prosecuted . 
  nope . 
  we simply want facebook to follow our laws . 
  not really , no . 
  the difference is that this was some kind of ` trade ' and not a unilateral declaration . 
  the application of this term by the courts is very consistent . 
  and this is what matters . 
  well , what do you expect ? 
  a treaty where ukraine could sue russia for annexing crimea ? 
  a treaty where ukraine could sue the us for not deploying military in ukraine to end the russian invasion ? 
  neither is realistic , this does n't change the fact that we do have the memorandum and it essentially contains the promise to ( not ) do something . 
  seek help . 
  too bad that the laws are n't enforced by random people but by judges . 
  i invite you to look at the judgements that were made based on these laws so far - i am willing to bet you money that you will not find a single case where someone was fined for simply expressing a dissenting political opinion . 
  it 's always easy to claim that laws of this kind are prone to authoritarian abuse - but it simply does not match the reality . 
  you clearly do n't understand what you are talking about , you keep confusing different things and you prove that you are neither willing nor capable to have a discussion without resorting to insults . 
  this does n't make the press any less `` free '' . 
  there was no state interference preventing the media from reporting . 
  apart from this , you are overexaggerating what happened . 
  are you sure you are n't misunderstanding this ? 
  what the treaty did n't include was an element that would force the us/uk to come to defend ukraine in a case of a violation of the territorial integrity . 
  but the same can be said about the nato treaty . 
  this does n't change the nature of the agreement on ukraine . 
  nope . 
  this is an unfounded claim . 
  people who criticize policy or migration are n't fined , those who engage in acts of hate speech or inciting hatred are . 
  the gez does n't even exist anymore . 
  and while there have been attempts of interference with the reporting of these media channels , there is no such thing like an agenda to report about russia in an unfriendly way . 
  given russia 's actions , you do not exactly need an agenda to justify negative reporting about them . 
  oh for example the treaty guaranteeing ukraine territorial integrity in exchange for them giving up their nukes ? 
  and you are wrong on both occasions . 
  free speech was never the topic here . 
  freedom of the press was . 
  which kind of ... contradicts your point . 
  how can be our freedom of the press be higher when , according to you , they have free press and we do n't ? 
  i can only think of one low-quality circlejerk thread i was commenting on in recent times . 
  i do not know what you qualify as such a comment however . 
  kind of ironic since the us ranks below germany in the freedom of the press index . 
  there is more to freedom of the press than unlimited free speech ( which only exists in the us by the way ) . 
  ` constantly ' - you have been a redditor for 15 days according to your account . 
  i have a lot of respect for the u.k. and its people , but that doesnt mean that i will express no criticism . 
  there is a big difference between criticism and ` shitting on somebody ' . 
  i do respect the choice of the u.k. to leave the eu , this does n't mean i have to agree with it . 
  this has ... nothing to to with the freedom of the press ? 
  given the general anti-free trade mood in the us ( sanders , clinton and trump have all voiced opposition to ftas ) , this is a bit questionable in my opinion . 
  but we will see . 
  sorry russia , ever heared of this thing called `` free press '' ? 
  given trumps rhetoric , no additional trade agreements are the least of your concerns . 
  should this guy seriously exit nafta , shit will hit the fan . 
  your trade volume with mexico and canada is around one trillion dollars annually . 
   was that the french guy who would write in french and english ? 
  yes . 
  seems he has given up on english though , he seems to limit his activity to / r/france these days . 
  well , i can only give that back . 
  i think you would make a terrific mod . 
  and i do n't think anyone is shootimg themselves in the foot - it 's not like we are competing for a very limited amount of mod slots . 
  well , i for one am blaming german politicians , along with many others . 
  but that 's another story . 
  i do not believe in forcing countries to join the euro - unlike the current policy . 
  in my opinion , this is a choice every country in the eu should be free to make . 
  and no , there is no certainty that being part of the same currency as germany will be detrimental - as long as you make efforts to stay competitive . 
  the baltics are n't doing all that bad despite being much weaker economies than ours . 
  kind of justified i guess . 
  i think i have proven so far that i can remain level-headed even when arguing with the biggest idiots ( not implying that you are one ) . 
  i do not believe in censoring or banning content simply because i disagree with it . 
  plus i am not overly impulsive . 
  because we have the [ sexiest leader ] ( http://bc01.rp-online.de/polopoly_fs/1.352408.1300187218!httpimage/1073378183.jpg_gen/derivatives/dx510/1073378183.jpg ) . 
  [ nsfw ] warning - you will never be able to unsee this . 
   and look at other comments other than mine about his permaban policies . 
  these commenters seem to know more than me . 
  as i said , i have never issued a ban on reddit so far . 
  do you have any criticism apart from disagreeing with my opinions ? 
  do you have any criticism apart from disagreeing with my opinions ? 
  medium . 
  and i do n't like to talk to people adding ketchup to their steaks . 
  thanks for considering me guys !, 
  if you have any questions , feel free to ask . 
  i am currently not at home ( so only on my tablet ) but i 'll try my best to answer them . 
  do n't hesitate to express criticism as well - i am only human after all . 
  do n't worry , if i get selected , you will still see me around . 
  i have no intention of reducing my commenting . 
  why do you feel that way ? 
  i have no hard feelings towards anybody and i do n't even recognize your user name . 
  it seems you are confusing me with somebody . 
  i have never issued a ban on reddit . 
  the only sub i am mod on does n't count as being a moderator - many people are , it is the simulation of a parliament . 
  mod powers can be required for this model parliament . 
  what i want to say is that i have never acted as a mod on reddit before . 
   the reality is that you probably just compared the german and the british ones . 
  inaccurate . 
   was not aware of the differences .
