  ( well , you can make a business from educating and exporting doctors ), 
  the brain drain is completely disconnected from eu funding . 
  it 's a completely different topic that nobody talks about considering penalizing countries . 
  while i disagree with making it sound like they are just living off the eu , the net payments towards both your county and romania are around 2 % of your respective gdps , which is quite a relevant sum even if it might not sound like much . 
  well asides from the fact that all of our state have their own federal governments . 
  if austria joined germany ( not going to happen , but lets assume they did ) , their structures would not really change . 
  they would simply be `` downgraded '' one level in the hierarchy . 
   the first part of the prime minister 's statement that `` we are a country which , on a per capita basis , takes more refugees than any other '' is not correct . 
   the prime minister is correct to say that australia 's resettlement program through the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) is the highest per capita globally . 
   however , less than 1 % of the world 's refugees are handled by the unhcr resettlement program . 
  it is a very tiny part of the picture . 
   when you look at the big picture , other countries -- including many developing countries -- host or take more refugees per capita than australia . 
   they just do n't do it through the unhcr resettlement program . 
  [ source ] ( http://theconversation.com/factcheck-does-australia-take-more-refugees-per-capita-through-the-unhcr-than-any-other-country-47151 ) australia makes it sound very easy . 
  well , they have it relatively easy . 
  they do not get refugee numbers large enough to actually ` matter ' in the world wide comparison ( well , they did n't ) and they are able to load off the people who try in surrounding countries . 
  this attempt wont work for europe , we will hardly find a state capable and willing to do so . 
  the numbers are just too large for that . 
  we would not require one state but several states . 
  what `` truth '' are you talking about ? 
  most calculations are majorly flawed as we can not predict immigration and emigration accurately . 
  we can maybe put an estimate for the next year , but there is no way to predict the movements for a timespan as short as a decade . 
  there is and will always be cross-breeding , so we will in the long term have a population that in large parts will not have a ` pure ' ethnic background . 
  which should actually not worry anyone . 
  however people of general swedish/german/whatever heritage will not become a minority in their country in the foreseeable future . 
  the maths of the population development and the mixing of ethnics speaks against it . 
  sure , there is a possibility that it might happen at some point , but not in the near future . 
  yes . 
  why should n't i ? 
  you very well know that we wo n't do anything like this . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  none of which i wrote is even remotely related to some kind of `` guilt '' . 
  sorry if i am missing something , but most statements about immigration from people with a czech flair were not pro-refugee if i am not mistaken . 
  i think the most common statement i read was that it would be `` suicide '' for any of your political parties to accept refugees . 
  in the past , we had high fertility rates without any greater state benefits . 
  it is not purely a financial thing . 
  transforming a society is more important than the monetary incentitive . 
  its not like left-wing extremists dont hurt people ... 
  you are ignoring several things . 
  the migration towards sweden does not exclusively consist of foreigners , partly it is swedes returning to their country . 
  the lions share of emigrations is usually taken by foreigners leaving the country again . 
  people who are born to an ethnic swede and a person of foreign decent are * not * counted towards this `` foreign majority stuff '' . 
  if you are talking about `` pure '' ethnic swedes becoming a minority , this might be true ( there is nothing bad about mixing ethnics however ) , people that are ( at least 50 % ) of swedish heritage will * not * become a minority , though . 
  this counts as immigration as far as i am concerned and it likely wont help you fix your population decline . 
  / r/europe has never been representative of the `` mainstream '' . 
  it is either shifting to the right or to the left , there is hardly any balance like in the reality . 
  however , some parts are somewhat representative , e.g. 
  german flairs are overproportionally pro-refugees . 
  well , the `` population sustain '' part is true . 
  no matter the economic facts . 
  and as i said , the reason why we are taking in refugees has not been of economic nature . 
   nazis exist everywhere , but only in germany do they seem to run around causing chaos while everybody turns a blind eye . 
  well , the common opinion is that we focus too much on our nazis and not enough on the extreme left-wing radicals . 
  especially in the recent issues with the refugees , the threats of neo nazis is highlighted pretty well in my opinion . 
  it is indeed . 
  because nobody , seriously nobody will become a minority in its own nation in the forseeable future . 
  the problem is , at least considering syria , that no party seems to be capable of winning . 
  without engagement of a major power , this conflict will drag on for a very long time . 
  i would argue that a civil war that drags on actually produces more refugees than one that quickly ends . 
  it also redces the danger of contagion for the neighboring countries . 
  `` it 's better to make a painful break than draw out the agony . '', 
  lets see how it goes if switzerland actually shuts itself from the eu in a second referendum . 
  this would give at least some kind of precedent how the eu would deal with ` traitors ' ( sorry for that term ) and thus also show whether things would remain the same . 
  `` unfortunately '' a lack of precedents for our choices is characteristic for our time . 
  decisions are no longer black and white , it is not easy to determine which way is actually better . 
  whether our relationship after a brexit would remain the same actually heavily depends on the will of the eu . 
  if the eu allows you to maintain the benefits of the common market and others while you do not have to ` pay the price for it ' , the eu will cease to exist . 
  i actually believe that in reality you would somewhat get the status of norway where you follow the eus decisions while not even having a say on the issues anymore . 
  with two speeds i do not mean that the second group has to gear towards federalization as well . 
  it could simply mean remaining in the current construct without further efforts of more integration while in the meanwhile fixing some of the problems . 
  giving back power is a different thing , quite difficult to accomplish while staying , agreed . 
  the uk is not the only euro-sceptic country on the continent . 
  article 14 applies while the criterias of article 167 are not met . 
  simple . 
  well , we can ruin ourselves and scrap all kinds of other benefits to finance that . 
  not actually sustainable if you ask me . 
   arguably what we have got now is worse than a federal system - worst of both worlds . 
  woah . 
  thats some very pessimistic view of the situation . 
  people tend to forget the ` good ' things the eu did for us . 
  yes , we face problems that we would not face without being a member of the eu ( even worse so when we are talking about the euro zone ) yet worker rights , environmental protection , human rights have been imposed on the member states by the eu . 
  all of which have been benefitial to the workers , the average people . 
  standartization of norms have benefitted pan-european trade * a lot * ( well , you could argue that you could have achieved that through trade agreements as well ) . 
  and last but not least , the city of london is heavily profiting from access to the common market . 
  especially considering the uk , i can somewhat understand you being enraged about the uk as it threatens your system where the parliament has the last say in pretty much every issue , however i think the fears are exaggerated . 
  i do not believe that scrapping the echr and replacing it with a bill of rights will actually improve the situation for anyone . 
   provided the unaudited eu accounts are n't used to spend millions of euros to flood the campaign with propaganda . 
   would that even be possible given your legal obstacles of financing in electioneering ? 
  while i generally agree with this non-violence approach ( like e.g. 
  in ukraine ) , i do not think that we should object to air strikes against the is . 
  contrary to a lot of other situations , there are no structures left that could be destroyed . 
  i doubt that there can come worse than the is . 
  it is one thing to negotiate with putin , with separatists or with iran . 
  however i deem it impossible to negoitate with the is or al-nusra . 
  even negotiating between the fsa and assad is cursed to fail as pretty much the only thing the fsa is fighting for is getting rid of assad . 
   pulling states into a federal europe without ever asking their peoples in a referendum is one of the biggest failings of contemporary democracy in my opinion . 
  so far we do not have a federal europe and we will likely not see one for years to come . 
  i agree that , if we actually come to the point where we seriously talk about federalizing , we would need a referendum ( in some countries it would be mandatory , like in germany since we would need a constitutional change of a significance so high that can not be done by the parliament ) . 
  however , what we got so far is still far away from federalizing . 
  you will get your referendum now , so there is no reason to complain i guess ?
