   who do n't have the skills to do any kind of paid work ? 
  the problem is not that they lack the skills in general but the education needed to use these skills here . 
   they are going to let people begin work immediately if they want to - but how do you take care of those who ca n't or do n't want to work , where do the jobs come from ? 
  well , you can get stripped your social benefits if you refuse looking for a job . 
  -- -- -- my point is not that we wont see a drastic increase in people on welfare . 
  of course we will do and some of them will likely never be able to integrate into our economy and find a job . 
  however it wont cause our economy to `` crash '' - far from that . 
  if 500,000 people stay here ( which is somewhat realistic ) and all of them will be unemployed , we will see our unemployment rise to the level of 2010 , a time where germanys economy was * not crashed * . 
  while having a much larger number of employed people and a lot more tax income for the government now . 
  there is a difference between `` affiliated groups '' ( that sometimes just sympathize with the party but are not under its control ) holding these views and the leading personnel of the main party holding these views . 
  of course fn and gd are * somewhat * in a similar political spectrum , however gd is very much ` on the next level ' still . 
   german economy crashes due to unsustainable non working population + big hole caused by welfare state , wat . 
  illegal workers are not the only problem greece is facing . 
  tell me how they can `` fix '' greece . 
  the fn leadership was not in prison for violence . 
  gd proposed stripping voting rights from everyone that is not of pure greek blood . 
  their policies include territorial claims against neighboring states . 
  according to reports , new members were forced to read hitlers `` mein kampf '' and texts by goebbels . 
  and so on . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't really know whether that is good or bad . 
  the npd currently ranks at 5 % in saxony , and that is already the highest number in months for them . 
  they are far away from the 5 % hurdle in most of our other federal states though . 
  you are right in saying that they accomplished over 5-6 % at some point though . 
  an interesting observation is that their votes have declined significantly ever since the afd entered the stage . 
  it seems a lot of people that hold `` right '' opinions while still being no nazis voted for them . 
  i would n't put fn in the same category as gd though . 
  not a greek ( obviously ) but : * greece is heavily affected by the migrant crisis * every country has its natural share of far-right voters * the votes they got in fact went down , just the lower vote participation boosted their percentage * they are the only party for protest votes left in greece if you do n't want to vote for the far-left , the establishment or the current government, 
   the underlying problem is that the majority of muslim immigrants refuse to integrate into the european society and stick to their extremely conservative values . 
  there is a good documentary by zdf on the effects of islam on germany . 
  wow . 
  you managed to misuse one of the few serious documentations on the issue . 
  yes , it is an issue . 
  but no , it is * not * the majority of muslims in germany who think that way . 
   why should he pay if concert organisers , if football clubs , do n't have to pay for the police showing up ? 
  this depends on the country . 
  i am not familiar with the dutch laws on this issue though . 
  the case here however could be similar to the [ cat in airplane case ( german ) ] ( http://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article145851240/flugzeug-hat-wegen-einer-katze-28-stunden-verspaetung.html ) , it can very much be possible that the suspect has to bear the costs of stopping and evacuating the train . 
  we unfortunately do not know enough about how things actually happened , in which ways the person was requested to leave the toilet and similar things , thus we can not really make a judgement whether this person will be charged for more than just dodging the fare . 
  despite being asked to do so by the train personnel ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and you make this conclusion based on what ? 
  how much of this is due to the lower turnout ? 
  he caused it though . 
  its like smoking in the office . 
  you have no intention to cause an alarm , but you accidently cause it to go off . 
  because he caused all of this ? 
  he should have been pretty aware that , after the other thalys incident just happening a short time earlier , hiding in the toilet was n't that good of an idea . 
  if you cause the fire alarm to go off by carelessness , you usually have to pay for the firefighters ( at least in germany ) . 
  i suppose it is similar here . 
  ** translation ** ( rough translation of the relevant parts )  according to the police , the young man tried to get to france without a ticket . 
  there is nothing that would indicate that he wanted to commit a crime . 
  he was not armed and had no suspicious items with him . 
  the police is however still trying to find out the nationality and name of the person . 
  they communicated that they needed a translator to communicate with him . 
  he probably lived in the netherlands without fixed residence . 
  this is gon na be the most expensive train fare we have seen in a while , i guess . 
  i suppose he has to pay both the police and the service interruption ( plus the normal fare if they are really cruel ) . 
  agreed . 
  but there are not many options unfortunately . 
  for people who do not want to support the radical left ( communists , left platform ) , not the establishment ( nd , pasok ) and not the current government ( syriza , anel ) there is pretty much only gd left if we are only talking about parties that already have a chance to get into the parliament . 
  to potami is not really suited to be a protest vote . 
  the purpose of qe is fixing the inflation , not getting greece back on track . 
  if it helps greece , it is a positive side effect . 
  everything that goes beyond that is not allowed by the ecb treaties . 
  not really . 
  parties like this attract protest votes . 
  so there might be people that are no nazis but are just pissed at the current way things are going . 
  there are n't many alternatives in greece for protest votes . 
  syriza had the advantage that they could unite people for their proposed ` new way ' , but they have proven that they dont really change much ( for the voters compared to the other parties ) . 
  it depends on the university . 
  my ticket is shit , but i also dont pay much money for it , so its okay . 
  well , tell us what you want . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  * nothing * i said was due to the fact that it is some kind of muslim rule . 
  i actually dont care why people are offended , fact is that they are offended . 
  everybody knows that . 
  if the sole purpose of someones action is offending someone , then yes , i think he or she is an asshole or whatever you wan na call it . 
  and considering your original question : no , i dont think that i am an asshole for writing what i write . 
  because i am not writing this because i want to piss off people but rather because i disagree with some people . 
  i also did never intend to do so . 
  of course , some people will disagree with me , some might even get angry at me . 
  but that was never the intention . 
  that is not for me to decide . 
  i request nobody to follow muslim rules . 
  read what i wrote . 
  not offending someone just for the sake of it does not have anything to do with `` obeying their rules '' . 
   are you an asshole when you piss people off or does that just apply to other people ? 
  if i do it on purpose - of course i am . 
  you can get the apple education rebates . 
  cheaper mobile planes ( to an extend ) , cheaper newspaper subscription . 
  magazines , sight/museum entries . 
  i did n't take it as criticism . 
  just wanted to reply i guess . 
   still , freedom of speech does mean you 're free to be a total arsehole . 
  people can protest it . 
  but we ca n't let people go around killing each other because they disagree with each other 's opinions . 
  this is what i have been saying the whole time . 
  people are free to do whatever they want under the freedom of speech ( some exceptions apply , e.g. 
  holocaust denial is not tolerated in germany and some other countries ) , however in the same turn the fact that they are allowed to do it by law does not make them any less asshole-ish .
