  neither the afd nor the alfa will be a serious threat for the cdu in the near future . 
  most of these people only dare to vote against it because of the comfortable majority merkel is sitting on . 
  these poeple are taking advantage of this to improve their standing in the opinion of the german citizens who want the government to play hardball . 
  if the majority was slim , most of these would vote yes . 
  yes , they are . 
  a few years ago , it was reported that diplomatic cars from saudi-arabia violated traffic laws over a thousand times within a year ( this is only for germany ) . 
  true , however what is significant is that germany overcame the period of no real wage growth which made us somewhat overly competitive . 
  no matter where we stand in the comparison , the fact that the wages are growing is positive . 
  this was even before the minimum wage . 
  the wages are not only increasing faster than the average , they are also increasing faster than in any major european economy . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i am not really in favor of something like this yet , no plan really convinced me so far . 
  however i disagree with you stating that they would ` abandon ' their budget right alltogether , that the power would be shifted to bodies that can not be controlled anymore . 
  the eu is farther away from he voter than the national parliaments , agreed . 
  however , the regular voter does n't really understand its governments budget anyways , the government will pull it back if it is required . 
  i would very much prefer the budget right staying with the states , however if we ever want to have something like fiscal transfers in place , some kind of control over the budgets is needed , otherwise the northern/central european states wo n't participate . 
  and it wo n't be constitutional , at least not in germany . 
  what are these authorities based on ? 
  eu treaties - written by democratically elected people . 
  such an authority would still have to obey eu law , it can be controlled through the ehcr and its targets can be changed by the eu . 
  it would be merely a authority designed to actually enforce the treaties everyone agreed on , actually hitting the `` big players '' like germany or france the most . 
  as the past decade has shown , nobody is capable nor willing to enforce sanctions on said countries simply because they are too powerful and people fear the backlash . 
  an authority like this would fix this ( likely ) . 
  instead of violating the treaties without punishment , the eu countries would be forced to change the law , which gives a lot more power to the smaller states . 
  your debt payments are soon so be declared unsustainable for your budget !, 
  those would still needed to be unlocked by the us . 
  developing our own is probably easier . 
  welp that was a lot of nonsense, 
  it does not matter where they are registered , i am certain that it will be legally possible to get that money back . 
  it is also in the interest of the other party to pay this as they do not want to lose access to the arbitration courts which they likely would otherwise . 
  however , i do not know whether the said agreement includes a loser pays clause or not , but we will see how it develops ... in three years or something , while being quicker than the regular judiciary , processes like this still take some time . 
  the [ position paper of the eu ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/march/tradoc_152280.pdf ) for isds in ttip states :  furthermore , frivolous claims will be prevented and investors who bring claims unsuccessfully will pay the costs of the government concerned [ according to corporateeurope ] ( http://corporateeurope.org/international-trade/2014/07/commission-isds-reform-plan-echo-chamber-business-views#footnote2_5hzwi0p ) , the companies agree with it as well . 
  the consolidated ceta text includes :  a tribunal shall order that the costs of arbitration be borne by the unsuccessful disputing party . 
  in exceptional circumstances , a tribunal may apportion costs between the disputing parties if it determines that apportionment is appropriate in the circumstances of the claim . 
  other reasonable costs , including costs of legal representation and assistance , shall be borne by the unsuccessful disputing party , unless the tribunal determines that such apportionment is unreasonable in the circumstances of the claim . 
  where only parts of the claims have been successful the costs shall be adjusted , proportionately , to the number or extent of the successful parts of the claims . 
  so it is very much ensured that something like this will ever make it ( given that ceta will be ratified of course ) . 
  they do n't need to add up to 10 million , half of it is sufficient . 
  the other part has to be payed by their side anyways in the first place . 
  and i am pretty sure that the romanian government would be able to get hold of five million . 
  you also do n't need revenue if you have assets that can be seized . 
  it is in the interest of all states to implement this . 
  it is extremely likely that ceta , ttip and tpp will include it . 
  this money is enforceable internationally . 
  the chances are certainly not bad . 
  also , they should have seizable assets in romania . 
  i do not know about this agreement , but future treaties including isds will have a loser pays clause . 
  the average isds case costs around 8-10 million euros . 
  future agreements include a `` loser pays '' clause . 
  i think romania is still able to bring 4 million to the table , especially when chances are good that they get it back . 
  given that she grew up in the gdr , it is doubtful . 
  sch\u00e4uble speaks french however . 
  there are plenty of companies in europe capable of printing a new currency . 
  this north korea stuff is stupid . 
  of course you can have a much better growth if you are a small shithole . 
  10 % of nothing is still nothing . 
  also , i would not really trust north koreas official data . 
  the 0.92 % are just lurking , 
  true , it is still an interesting article after all , and i doubt that most people here have read it . 
  it was actually posted more than once , however i guess it was in some threads and not as a standalone . 
  true . 
  however i do not think he would lie about 22 billion being in the central bank , why should he ? 
  the question is more whether they would be allowed to use it as legal backing for a new currency , they might be belonging to the ecb . 
  wasnt v-man saying something like they have currency reserves of 22 billion in the central bank but are not allowed to use them as they would need the approval of the ecb to do so ? 
  i doubt that euros are included under `` foreign exchange reserves '' . 
  plus they got 111 tons of gold , which is not exactly much ( around 5 billion i guess ) but still . 
  there have even been cases where politicians sold eu subsidies for agriculture as their own success . 
  sometimes , it is just ridiculous . 
  if it was true , which i doubt , it does not make any sense . 
  if this * was * his plan , why would he be so opposed to mr. sch\u00e4ubles suggestion of a ` temporary ' grexit ? 
  if he wanted to start anew with a new currency and needed some reserves to back the currency , he would certainly have found someone in the mu . 
  depending where you go from easy ( like a german in the netherlands ) , intermediate ( german in the czech republic ) to extremely difficult ( german in non-tourist area of spain ) . 
  you wont starve though , it * is * possible to get through by pointing fingers , free wifis make asking for directions obsolete and many ticket vending machines support multiple languages . 
  true , i should have made that more clear . 
  i am not talking about production but about sales of organic food . 
  austria has been a good step ahead of us considering organic food . 
  at least it was like this a few years ago , i wonder how it is now . 
  `` you want 10 billion ? 
  nah , we already have your bills printed '', 
  he could just have asked sch\u00e4uble ... 
  depends . 
  bureaucracy is not bad * per se * , even though the reception of the word is pretty negative . 
  there is a certain amount of bureaucracy needed to have a country/union running smoothly . 
  you have to fight the areas where bureaucracy takes over and hinders the process though . 
  this should apply to both the eu and the national states . 
  generalization , not true . 
  i think you really need to educate yourself before you waste everyones time with unfounded claims . 
  yes , dublin ii is disadvantageous to your countries and towards greece and italy . 
  it is in no way ` directed ' at the eastern countries , it is to the disadvantage of all countries that are at the outer borders of the eu . 
  there is no ` discrimination ' going on as you claim . 
  however , germany is in * favor * of rewriting the rules for this because we are ( surprise surprise ) taking in a lot of refugees as well . 
  i cant help but find it ridiculous that you accuse me of racism but call germans nazis and state things like `` northies are afraid of the darkies '' . 
  yep , corrected , thank you . 
   the east was nothing and would have been nothing without your precious fucking eu you seem to have serious problems reading what i wrote . 
  i simply stated that it is unlikely that you would have been better off without the eu . 
  nowhere did i talk about how eastern europe would be a shithole otherwise . 
   yo white supremacy is more than sickening , and the dublin treaty shows it , you treat the east like it 's a shithole filled with redneck idiots uh what ? 
  how has dublin ii something to do with how the east is treated ? 
   and i am honestly not surprised , you are german after all . 
  talking about racism ...  also bulgaria should get the fuck out of the eu , a place where we are obviously not wanted , second class citizens and mocked at every corner , i hope the eu dies , for it 's blatant racism and animosity towards the east .
