   one tutor told me he had faced criticism for suggesting his school ditched blackboards in favour of connected `` smart boards '' . 
  all of the smartboards i have seen so far in german schools have been extremely shitty . 
  they looked cool but they were not as effective as a regular blackboard . 
  any different experiences ? 
  he does n't have the support in the cdu that would be required for such a nomination . 
  his other projects like the proposed toll on german streets and the ` herdpr\u00e4mie ' are not exactly popular amongst the population . 
  i was talking about popularity in a hypothetical election . 
  he would not fare well there . 
  how is the eu able to prevent legalization ? 
  i would select 1933 for that . 
  it contradicts your statement that they are not making deals with each other . 
   it 's clear why poland is doing what they 're doing . 
  it 's because merkel is pressing on them to take in migrants and embrace things like gay marriage . 
  these are not things poles will ever want , and pushing them now poisons the well . 
  pis is taming the constitutional court because of germany ? 
  we do not even have gay marriage in germany and i see no handle to force it onto other countries . 
   but just be aware that you 're making all of europe mad at you . 
  poland looks at you and sees greece . 
  so we are making the rest of europe mad at us for criticising poland . 
  this ` paper money printed in brussels ' is worth more than usd . 
  and by the way , it is * not * printed there . 
  the us annaually imports goods from china with a value close to your gdp . 
   my point is that if you do n't respect your fellow europeans , you should n't expect respect back . 
  well , tell me what has been ` disrespectful ' . 
  criticising your government for laws that are very questionable is not exactly ` disrespectful ' . 
   poles do not want berlin telling them what to do we are free to express our opinion about your policymaking , especially when it comes to the very sensible topic of democratic principles . 
   interests are more important than sympathies . 
  obviously your politicians are n't very good at protection your ` interests ' right now then . 
  on a more serious note , it * is * in your interest that ukraines territorial integrity is held up . 
  talking about the stream of ukrainians into poland for example . 
   was ussr interfering in it 's puppet states ' politics ? 
  yes  does the eu so ? 
  yes sorry , you are right . 
  i just noticed that our tanks are on the way . 
  your puppet government also consented with everything we ask for . 
  you will now be forced to take in all our refugees . 
  seriously ? 
  if you compare the action of the eu right now with what the ussr did to poland , your school did a very bad job educating you about the ussr . 
   did you know , that this is a two-sided deal ? 
  the german corporations are very strong in poland , that is why many eurosceptics compare poland with a german colony . 
  maybe our highways are modern because you gave us some funds , but your economy went much stronger too . 
  exactly . 
  it is a two-sided deal . 
  and there is nothing wrong about it . 
  the profit for one side is n't necessarily a loss for the other side . 
  after the end of the soviet union , poland lacked the funds for the investments that were eventually made . 
  the investments happened to come from the west . 
  foreign investment is in any way preferable to no investment at all . 
  your economies # 1 trading partner is the eu . 
  russia is n't even importing one fifth of what germany alone is buying from you . 
  look at the income citizens of ee countries in the eu have and compare it to the income of non-eu ee countries . 
  it certainly has been benefitial . 
   we also got sanctioned . 
  if the west will going to sanction us , the logical move would be allying with the east . 
  nonsense . 
  sanctions being imposed on russia have not caused them to lift sanctions off iran . 
  given the relations of poland and russia , i deem it very unlikely that you are going to ally yourself with russia . 
   what does it even change ? 
  i do n't have to live in the ussr to know some history mate . 
  well , you obviously misjudge the severity . 
  eu criticising us on unconstitutional reforms . 
  eu is ussr !, 
  eu is ussr ! '', 
   being dependent is not very profitable at all . 
  recieving large amounts of money and being incooperated into the biggest market of the world is * very * profitable . 
   no , that would be pragmatic move . 
  what would cause the sudden change ? 
  it is very clear that poland has interest in maintaining the sanctions , why should that change ? 
   if the eu will keep behaving like the ussr comparisons like this can only come from people who have not lived during the times of the ussr . 
   we would even leave on our own way i sincerely doubt that . 
  it 's too profitable for you . 
  as far as i know there is no obstacle towards more trade with china even now . 
  and for russia - poland is one of the most vocal advocates of the sanctions because of solidarity with ukraine . 
  it would be very strange if you changed that view after leaving the eu , dont you think ? 
  but come on , are we really drawing scenarios of poland leaving the eu due to the current issues ? 
  it is different in every country i guess . 
  seehofer is too unpopular on a nationwide scale to accomplish that . 
  so far , we had neither a chancellor nor a president that was a csu member . 
  when people are looking for a replacement for merkel , nobody even considers seehofer ( or any other csu politician ) . 
  kindergarden . 
  this however does not rule out that there are domestic laws protecting the employees privacy in such cases . 
  i have no problems without finding out about ones heritage . 
  two of my grandparents were born in territories that are now polish and i found it to be immensely interesting . 
  * however * i do have a problem with people boasting about their heritage ( especially when it is five or more generations in the past ) and i do not think it is due to write a goddamn newspaper article about an issue like this when the connection really only exists on paper . 
  it matters about as much as barack obama 's irish ancestry . 
  meaning not at all . 
  i doubt that you would want to end up in a little village in the middle of nowhere . 
   i wondered what germans thought about it . 
  not much i guess . 
   i actually had no idea he was partially german ( not that it really means anything , lots of people in the us are partially german ) . 
  i did not know that either . 
   i thought it was interesting , but you 're right , it does n't say all that much , and there are some inconsistencies . 
  it is a little village in the middle of nowhere with an astonishing population count of 1239 . 
  it would not have made a single difference if the guy was born anywhere else in europe . 
  the only thing that really matters is that his grandfather moved to the us . 
  i really do not get the fuss americans make about their heritage . 
  this really is a non-story , artificially created . 
  i sincerely doubt that more than a very few people care about trumps heritage and frankly spoken , it does not matter the slightest . 
  trump is everything , but not a german and the connection between him and this village is only coincidental . 
   mr. trump said by email that his grandfather traveled throughout europe , including through sweden , and was `` highly respected '' in kallstadt .
