  [ lampedusa in hamburg ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/lampedusa_in_hamburg ), 
  i also had trouble understanding it , however it seems the german guy repeated what they said and in his speech was this claim . 
  this situation actually has quite the history in hamburg . 
  [ lampedusa in hamburg ( translated wiki article ) ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fde.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2flampedusa_in_hamburg&amp;edit-text= ) . 
  some of them come from ` safe ' countries , all of them have already finished the asylum process in italy . 
  these people can hardly abuse social benefits , they have not been granted asylum here and they live in a camp that is supported by some leftist people . 
  while the youtube channel might be racist , while the intention of posting it here remains unclear , the video is ` just ' a recording of an actual event which has not been edited . 
  yes , it might cause racist statements , but that all depends on what this sub makes of it . 
  german courses are expensive and they are only granted to people that gained asylum in germany . 
  these people already went to the asylum process in italy and refuse to go through the same process again in germany . 
  i doubt that german is that widespread in libya . 
  what other language should he yell in ? 
  i wonder if she goes as far as inviting german mep udo voigt from the npd to this . 
  i think it would totally destroy any credibility ( that is left ) . 
  the sound quality of this is awful . 
  also , it is pretty much nonsense to construe a right to stay in hamburg out of the western engagement in libya ( which germany didnt even take part in ) . 
  i am all in for granting asylum to people , however based on the fact that there is war in their country and their life or health is severely threatened , not because we are ` guilty ' that their country is in the situation it is . 
  statements like this have no effect but causing an alienation and confusion amongst the local citizens . 
  lets hope it works out for the better . 
   there 's no real desire among the german people/their politicians to take hard steps against russia , despite many of their fellow members of the eu ( and nato ) in the east clamoring for such measures because they bear the most risk - it seems like germany is simply content to not rock the boat too much , because they believe they stand to lose very little if they do nothing . 
  germany surely doesnt like the sanctions as they are harmful for our economy , but we are certainly not counteracting them . 
  in fact , germany supported the sanctions in almost all cases . 
  there are a lot of european countries who take a less favorable stance on further sanctions , such as greece or austria . 
  this is why i said we need it for another cold war . 
  hell , i wish nothing less than this . 
  it is just that we will not see a cold war without any symbolic border line/object between the two areas in my opinion . 
  such a symbol would cement the separation for years , destroying any hope that the differences can actually get worked out . 
  this is limited to your domestic beers . 
  you might have a domestic favorite but still like the beer from another country better . 
  i just said it because it was one of the most powerful symbols for the separation of east and west . 
  there have already been suggestions to build a ` new wall ' on the eastern border of ukraine to prevent more influx of separatist fighters coming from russia . 
  ( then again , this is probably not realistic , also it would require ukraine to regain access to its eastern border first . ), 
  pretty much the same here . 
  there was a headline in * die zeit * about a year back that came from a tax inspector : `` we are hunting ferraris with bicycles '' . 
  cold war 2.0 , here we come . 
  now we just need to build a wall somewhere . 
  this is not what i am saying . 
  i am saying that your ( compared to similar countries ) high food prices are partly caused by you importing food . 
  i do not dispute the right of the greek people to import whatever they want , i just said that it is counterintuitive that a country which is very capable of producing cheap high quality food is importing food . 
  eu subsidies caused parts of your production to switch to other agricultural products that are not benefitial nor useful for your countrys needs . 
  if , due to investment insecurities , a domestic production of food is not feasible , it should be a priority for your government to fix that . 
  also , it is not exactly that there is no agricultural production , your farmers just have to switch towards food production again . 
  unfortunately the tax inspectors are underfunded and there are not enough of them in almost every country . 
  quite a shame as pretty much every tax inspector brings the state more revenue than his salary is . 
  greece really needs an automated system of collecting taxes . 
  this would prevent stuff of the likes of holding back tax payments in hope of future tax cuts like we saw with syriza . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  your dependency on food imports and high food prices in your country are not a problem of the financial crisis . 
  this doesnt make it exactly better ... 
  how so ? 
  lets say you get 700 euro per month for your living expenses from your parents ( given that you are not eligible for baf\u00f6g ) . 
  this amount of money can cover all your expenses ( if you dont operate a car ) , still you are below poverty line by the definition . 
  it is not stupid to import . 
  it however is pretty stupid to import food when you can produce high-quality food yourself while this food would also be cheaper and create/preserve domestic jobs . 
  ( 20 % of the greek workforce is employed in the agricultural business . 
  yet , you have to import food . 
  i know that we can start a huge discussion considering opportunity costs now , that it is better to produce more valuable products and import cheaper products , however this does not benefit the rest of the population . ), 
  my ` spend in total ' was meant as ` spend in total on pensions ' . 
  there is no european country that spends a larger portion of its gdp on pensions than greece . 
  i did not claim that the pensions are too high , i just said that the amount that they are spending is too much for their budget , no matter if it is based on pension payments that are justified . 
  i agree with the pensions = spending part . 
   you can not expect an economic recovery if you destroy internal consumption . 
  you can not expect the debt to be paid back without economic recovery . 
  all that austerity is good for is sadism . 
  i did not say that they should cut the pensions - in fact , if you look at what i posted elsewhere in this thread , you will see that i said that the amount that is payed in pensions is probably justified . 
  this however does not relieve the greek government of the need to adjust the system in the longer perspective . 
  be it a transition towards private pension savings or else - the system in its current form , given the current demographic situation is not sustainable . 
  true , it is a homemade problem . 
  for example a lot of greek farmers turned their production into wine and other stuff because it was subsidized by the eu - as a result greece has to import food at prices that are higher than they would be suitable for the greek economic situation . 
  plus the business laws you mentioned . 
  however this is not that easy to fix unfortunately . 
  this is why i was talking about ` better circumstances ' - i did not claim that this was true for greece right now . 
  they are very much overspending , at least in terms of how much they spend in total . 
  yes , the pensions in greece are not exceedingly high ( higher than in countries with similar economic power though , but this can be justified by higher living costs ) however the demographic problems and other factors effectively cause the government to overspend on pensions . 
  it should be clear that the pension system in its current form is not sustainable , however that is nothing that can really be fixed in a short amount of time . 
  that ` money is pumped right back into the economy ' is partly true , however this is also true for every public servant . 
  you can not finance your economy by having the people spend ever more money from the government . 
  yes it is . 
  with my argumentation , you could justify employing all unemployed people by the government . 
  of course this would be nonsense . 
  however , you have to compare the cost of an employed soldier with an unemployed person . 
  and not only in financial terms - people that are out of work can threaten the social cohesion of a country and they are also more likely to commit crimes . 
  furthermore , it is difficult to find a job once you have been unemployed for too long . 
  dont get me wrong , i think that the greek army is way too big and reducing its strength would certainly be benefitial for greece . 
  however , i would advocate for doing this by not rehiring people after they retire / completed their time at the army instead of firing them immediately . 
  then again , just because it poses a threat to the economy ( like cutting pensions ) does not mean that it must or can not be done . 
  if the spending is excessive , you have to fix that . 
  generally , i was talking about conscription however , which is a lot less expensive to the state and also gives young people something ` useful ' to do . 
  what i wrote was in consideration of the ` average ' . 
  in germany , this poverty line is if you have less than 900 something euros per month available , in greece it is 432 euro . 
  you do not even have to start taxing more people , simply collecting all taxes would be sufficient . 
   `` some 2.5 million people are below the threshold of relative poverty , which is set at 60 percent of the average household income . '' it is the same definition of poverty as anywhere in the eu . 
  this definition is heavily lacking as it does not take into account that some people need less money than others . 
  by that definition , almost every student is living below the poverty line - which is simply not true . 
  he is right with your pension spending being unsustainable , however he fails to take some realtive factors into account . 
  the pensions in greece are higher than in comparable countries , that is true . 
  however , the cost of living , especially for food is a lot higher in greece than it is in these countries . 
  so while the are surely not in correlation with the economic standing of that country , it is not like these pension recipients are drowning in money . 
  greece is a huge importer of food after all . 
  ( which is extremely stupid ),
