  you would n't call that undemocratic , would you ? 
  it is ( hopefully ) similar with ttip - the negotiators should very much be aware what is feasible for the governments and parliaments of the eu ( and the us ) and negotiate based on this . 
  the eu also released its standpoints . 
   this can happen with any law , any bill , at the international , national , regional , city level . 
  yes , but not on this ` level ' . 
  it would quickly turn into the mother of all lobbying wars , hindering any meaningful process in the negotiations . 
  contrary to ` regular ' laws , you have multiple industry branches involved , almost 30 countries and even more other stakeholders . 
   by , for example , regulating or disallowing political ads by corporations that would actually be equally bad . 
  the companies have a right to lobby against disadvantageous laws/deals in public . 
  [ perry , samuelson : open - vs closed-door negotiations ] ( https://2711376c184c2f8f58ab3cab0d2ae534f7d9e717.googledrive.com/host/0bykyk1_tfv_vamlvy3lwd1z4rta/opendoor.pdf ) [ post on why negotiations are held in secret ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ) by / u/savannajeff, 
  i have explained it time and time again : trade deals are negotiated in secret . 
  it has always been this way and for good reason . 
  so far , it did not do us any harm . 
  actually ttip is one of the cases where you can be assured that they will know what is in it . 
  all groups that have something at stake here - be it ngos or businesses , they will let the parlamentarians know what they think about it . 
   laxer food regulation according to the eu , this wont happen  longer pharmaceutical patents joke 's on you - tpp just displayed that the us were not able to pursue with their push for longer patents on pharmaceuticals  one particularly controversial law is the ` investor state dispute settlement ' that would make it possible for corporations to sue governments for action that would hurt their future profits . 
  it ` wouldnt ' , it already does . 
  the possibilities to sue for ` future profits ' are overdramatized and just a minority of cases . 
   some companies have been negotiating this from the start , know what 's in it , have lawyers and lobbyists working on it source for that claim ? 
  they will see it , judge it , listen to all the groups that want to express their opinion about it and * then * vote on it . 
  this however is already possible and by far not as worrisome as some people might believe it to be sometimes . 
  you are misinterpreting me . 
  i have always advocated for waiting until the final draft is released to judge the agreement . 
  i do not think that we should prematurely judge it , especially not since we do not even know what will be part of it . 
  once it is released we will have to do a cost-benefit analysis . 
  of course your point will be part of it , however i would argue that this point is very weak if the agreement is disadvantageous for us in the other areas . 
  it is a complete package . 
  yes . 
  the german car sales are mainly in another class than the japanese ones . 
  it aims at a totally different target audience . 
  the diesel scandal will likely hit us harder than tpp . 
  and yes , the statement is stupid . 
  it is reasonable to have this in the back of your mind when talking about the trade deal , however it needs to be a * good * deal . 
  we shouldnt sign a bad deal just because there are other major trade agreements that threaten our position . 
  again . 
  i do not contest that . 
  * however * op asked why we have so many syrian refugees suddenly despite the war going on for years . 
  these people however started coming in large numbers even before the statement . 
  merkels statement does * not * answer ops question . 
   i do n't think the rules - or ` forced ' abolishment of them ' - is the problem for the farmers : imagine egg batteries : eu or eu nation rules that each chicken needs a minimum amount of space for itself , thus a battery of this size can only have so many chickens . 
  but all chickens still only lay one egg a day , no matter how much space you give them . 
  so while the rules will not be abolished , they become untenable once the barriers go down as eggs from countries where no rules apply will simply outprice them : either the rules will have to go or the farmers go out of business . 
  actually we will see a price increase for eggs very shortly . 
  the us suffers some kind of avian influenza in its chickens , they had to kill over 10 % of them and are thus starting to demand european eggs . 
  this however does not fit the point you were trying to make . 
  actually i 'd be surprised if eggs that are shipped from the us are able to drive down the prices that much . 
   it 's the simplest example i can think of but in the eu many of these kinds of potential problems exist for farmers . 
  in europe we started making many strict rules ( environmental or qualitative ) but provided protectionist barriers along with them . 
  now we are taking down the barriers but not removing the rules . 
  that 's why many farmers are so angry . 
  hence my mentioning this specific subject . 
  ttip will not abolish trade barriers alltogether . 
  we will see if and how they are going to protect the mentioned farmers in the final draft . 
   lastly , yes , i mean that europe as a whole and the european nations themselves would lose their voices and influence on the global stage even more with this agreement . 
  or at least this is what i 'm openly wondering . 
  i dont think so . 
  well , why not ? 
  prominent prisoners can still somewhat communicate with the public and there are enough people who care about this guy to prevent anything happening to him in prison . 
  it was not the fundamental reason for the sudden influx though . 
  this wall of text does * not * explain the sudden influx we are seeing since 1 + year . 
   it makes the entire thing way more nuanced . 
  it 's clear that the main goal is to eliminate any form of protectionism . 
  this is the main goal of the trade agreements . 
  isds is here to ensure that these principles are actually applied . 
   i do wonder , however , how this is going to affect european farmers . 
  i 'm not that much against ggo 's ( as long as they are adequately applied and watched ) but i would not like to see monsanto gain any foot here . 
  i know that research has been expensive but the way they have played the market and the farmers they can go straight to hell . 
  statement of the eu :  will ttip force the eu to change its laws on genetically modified organisms ( gmos ) ? 
   the eu has a strict system for deciding whether to allow companies to sell any given gmo in the eu . 
  this is entirely separate from trade negotiations . 
   the eu basic law on gmos - including the european food safety authority 's ( efsa ) safety assessment and the risk management procedure - is not up for negotiation . 
  it will not change as a result of ttip . 
   scientists at the efsa assess all applications to sell gmo products in the eu . 
  eu governments then consider their findings before deciding whether to approve the application . 
  so far , they have authorised 58 gmos . 
   regulators in the eu and us already exchange information about gmos - on policy , regulations and technical issues . 
  ttip could help them do so more effectively . 
  this would help limit the effect on trade of our different systems for approving gmos . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_en.htm )  lastly , the most elusive of my ` worries ' . 
  how is ttip going to affect the geopolitical standing of europe ? 
  an already tenuous thing because europeans can barely work together on that stage and they do not realize what they have to lose . 
  our single market has been the only thing that has given us any say in the world at all the latest decennia . 
  you mean that we would lose influence with that agreement ? 
  do you really think it is possible to escape the cia ? 
  the refugee numbers were already extremely high * before * that statement . 
  we hit 100k refugees a month even before said statements . 
  the public awareness of snowden will prevent this , honestly . 
  if you think that he is ` free ' in russia , you are misinterpreting the situation . 
  i do not contest that . 
  very likely , merkels statement increased the number of people coming here as people misinterpreted that statement as an invite . 
  we cant change that now . 
  however , labelling this statement as the reason for the large numbers of refugees is simply ignoring the facts . 
  merkels statement was in september , we however already had over 400k applications until the end of august , 100k of them in august . 
  the immigration megathreads were before that statement , indicating that the issue was very significant even before that statement . 
  not really . 
  if he stays in russia , there is a huge potential that he will eventually become a playball ( if he isnt one already ) . 
  he 'll likely be better off serving his jail sentence in the us and being free afterwards , as sad as that is . 
  the numbers were extremely high even before she made the statement in question . 
  edit : this is a fact , not some unfounded claim . 
  no need to downvote .
