  it did n't prevent us from driving a hard line on various issues . 
  you eventually get used to it . 
  nazi references - so what . 
   it 's not that bad really is it ? 
  but it ended up getting twisted by the media into something like the greek cartoons that showed schauble or merkel as nazis . 
  the reference was unnecessary . 
   so we end up seeing the uk who is n't interested in leadership because they never saw it as a part of the deal it however * is * part of the deal . 
  otherwise : do n't complain that the eu does not go in the direction the uk wants . 
  the uk knows , probably better than any other country in the eu , about the importance of exercising influence and it probably knows better than anyone else * how * to do it . 
  should you choose to remain in the referendum - there are no more excuses for the uk to stay back . 
  you now are aware of the realities . 
   think it 's an ungrateful job it is , but it is accompanied with other benefits . 
  nonsense . 
  germany is # 4 worldwide in total r&d expenditure ( in ppp ) . 
  there are only two countries in europe spending more on r&d per capita - sweden and switzerland . 
  pegged , yes , but not fixed . 
  they were still floating to a certain extend . 
  some countries were forced to devalue their currency multiple times . 
  honestly , nobody seriously questions that a new dm would be worth so much more than the euro . 
  doubling the wages here would do nothing to help anyone in the eu . 
  we would sell less of our products would become too expensive , unemployment would increase and it would * not * increase in greece due to this . 
  it 's actually general knowledge that the euro is undervalued for us and that a return to a purely domestic currency would lead to a massive increase in the value of that currency . 
   they would be transferred to the southern countries . 
  countries like greece are not even competing with us . 
  we are competing with the likes of japan , the us and south korea , not with greece and portugal . 
  it worked that way for decades . 
  the tandem has always been powerful , but the current situation is unprecedented . 
  partly caused by french weakness and the uks unwillingness to lead in the eu . 
  it is not stronger than a potential dm would be at this point . 
  not really , it is not determined yet how the two speed union would look like . 
   because there is really nothing about being popular that allows anyone to insult you . 
  actually there is . 
  it is a established principle of our courts . 
  i do n't have a specific example right now . 
  but just so much : the higher the public exposure , the higher the bar to criminal prosectuion based on defamation . 
  there are also cases where it is justifiable based on public interest . 
  it is exactly what b\u00f6hmermann tried to show here : insulting is somwhat okay , it just must not end in `` schm\u00e4hkritik '' . 
  probably a fine as he would be violating a valid court order . 
  unless , of course , the judgement is repealed by a higher court . 
  downvotes - just do n't take it personal , it 's redidit . 
  people are stupid . 
  well , not entirely . 
  at least there are insults you have to bear , that do not qualify for this law . 
  it 's a choice to make . 
  you can not have both however . 
  and no system is innately superior . 
  both have drawbacks and advantages . 
  somewhat . 
  it does not ban every insult . 
  only if it harms your dignity essentially . 
  i hold a different opinion , obviously . 
  your example is pretty ridiculous as it has no use in the real world . 
  one can clearly differenciate here . 
   the criminal trial will be in hamburg ? 
  i think that 's unlikely . 
  just second checked it - mainz . 
  so it is rp , which is spd governed as well . 
   if a single framing of `` i 'm now going to insult you for freedom of speech purposes '' , protects you from repercussions this does n't catch it however . 
   if you just want to make an artpiece about the political issue of free speech it 's probably not great to take a racist trope ( goatfucking ) and apply it to a real person that also happens to be the representative of a whole nation . 
  well probably . 
  he is appealing against this injunction . 
   wo n't happen of course . 
  well , theoretically it could happen . 
  it is hamburg and scholz has been in favor of instantly abolishing \u00a7 103 stgb . 
  it depends on the time when the case will finally be decided . 
  very likely , it will be after the next elections . 
  unlikely . 
  trump , together with a gop-dominated senate would put a conservative on the supreme court . 
  and the conservatives are generally in favor of upholding the ` pure ' freedom of speech without limitations . 
  the government is not even involved here . 
  sorry , brain fuckup . 
  you are of course right . 
  [ deleted ], 
   big fine , or suspended jail time or whatever . 
  this is not the case for that . 
  there is another case where he could get a fine . 
  this one was just aimed at getting an injunction . 
   which does n't make him stand above the law . 
  he doesnt . 
  but you know that committing a crime involves a subjective part , do you ? 
  and you also know that the fundamental right of the freedom of art is a very significant one ? 
  he does n't . 
  this is only possible if cases have their first court appearance on the federal level . 
  this one doesnt . 
  that 's a different case . 
   an unlawful thing does n't get lawful just because you commit it against the right person . 
  well , not completely . 
  the higher the public exposure of a person , the higher the requirements for prosecution based on defamation . 
   he made these words his own . 
  he made it obvious that they did not reflect his personal opinion . 
   he even made very clear himself that he knew it would be unlawful . 
  again , different meta level . 
   regardless he will get a fine or drag out the trial , but it was at least distasteful in my oppinion . 
  true . 
  the poem itself was not funny or tasteful . 
  but taste does not matter when it comes to art . 
  the constitutional court has essentially said that the government is incapable of finally determining whether something is art or not . 
  therefore , courts have to take the broadest criteria available when it comes to art . 
  this makes a lot more sense , thanks . 
  the washington post article was not very precise .
