  yes , there is a possibility that we will lose some parts of it to china , but most of the industry that is left is machinery , cars , chemicals etc. 
  - nothing that is seriously endangered ( well , the diesel stuff might have some impact , but its to early to judge that ) . 
  of course steel is not competitive in europe anymore , but we should shift our focus away from that anyways . 
  actually , the prospects for our industry are n't that bad , especially given that the market of iran will open up again - a country where most of the industrial machines are still german and where german tech is valued pretty highly . 
  for the migrant crisis - it depends . 
  unless we see the same influx as in this year for the next few years , we will not take a hit . 
  even if all of the people who came here so far will stay on social benefits eternally - the number of unemployed people in germany will still be lower than it was just a few years ago , while we have a lot more people in work now . 
  money-wise it is not a problem either . 
  we have about 70 bn . 
  $ at stake in greece and will likely never see that money again - you could feed refugees for decades with that money . 
  the only problems that i see is the integration of the people , but we will see how that works out . 
  nevertheless the issues are certainly not of economic nature . 
  is n't that true for any other country though ? 
  i do not understand the significance of singling out germany on this issue . 
  another financial crisis and your debt levels will rise to greece-like levels ( well , if you take the same attempt as in the last crisis which caused your debt to double ) . 
  crises are bad for every country , no matter the economic model it is based on . 
  consume-driven societies are vulnerable to other things as export-driven economies , agreed , but i do not see a shock that could severely endanger our economy currently . 
  you do not understand the german legal system then . 
  it is virtually impossible to change the laws in question as they are under the fundamental right section of our constitution . 
  the constitutional court has the power to rule any change to these principles unconstitutional and thus void if the essence of the laws is changed . 
  there is only one way to touch these laws - by creating a new constitution , somthing that will not happen . 
  there is no such thing as a chinese recession . 
  they are simply not growing as fast as they used to . 
  yet we will have about 1.7 % gdp growth and around 2 % next year . 
  our economy will likely * not * contract within the next decade . 
  none of what you are saying in this comment is even remotely accurate . 
  you have to look at the last comparable scenario - the balkan wars . 
  nearly everybody who came here has left or was forced to leave after the war . 
  we never intended to become a service based economy . 
  ` kept afloat ' makes it sound very fragile - well it is n't , so far we did quite well . 
  especially during the financial crisis . 
  the comparison with ` throwaway money ' severely lacks as it is not based on ppp . 
  illegal by ruling of our constitutional court . 
  it is irrelevant for the negotiations about the demands/suggestions of cameron . 
  it is not a sudden swing of opinion in favor of the uks position that would cause any kind of pressure on the people in power . 
  well , it might be the viewpoint of the leave campaign , but this is exactly the kind of cherrypicking that is mentioned in the article and that the rest of the eu despises . 
  the eu will not work if some countries are able to pursue with their demands that are going against what everybody else wants . 
  i think you are overestimating the meaning of the openeurope poll . 
  the problem with that poll is that the vast majority of germans does not even know about this demand of cameron nor do they understand the meaning of it . 
  all that can be taken from that answer is that people would like to see less power for the eu and more to the national states . 
  however this is irrelevant for the negotiations as this has been this way since forever . 
  if you actually asked the people whether they want to give up power in the first place , they would have said no . 
  the problems with camerons demands lie exactly where you located them - * demanding * changes without the backing of a significant numbers of member states wont work . 
  if he can convince other states to follow him - fine . 
  but the eu will not let him pass with suggestions that are backed by only the uk ( and maybe dk + nl ) - allowing this would seriously endanger it . 
  you said that it should be a requirement for refugee status . 
  what are you going to do if they fail to accomplish this participation ? 
  you can not deport them to syria . 
  i generally agree with you here , however  other eu countries do not care about the concerns of britain is wrong . 
  they do care but they wo n't allow the uk to change the common principles that everyone else is somewhat okay with . 
   eu is institutionally incapable of serious reform . 
  there is a difference between being incapable of reform and not following the reform suggestions of a single member state . 
  please explain how he was a ` creation of merkel ' . 
  that claim is ridiculous . 
  when he first ran , merkel was not even in power . 
  that 's actually ridiculous . 
  because human rights . 
  making more kids is not as simple as you make it sound . 
  there are very few european countries with a fertility rate even close to 2.1 we do not know yet whether the robot attempt will work . 
  likely it wo n't because robots can only replace low-skilled labor . 
  already the second generation of migrants has a fertility rate that is closer to ethnic germans than to their parents . 
  not gon na happen . 
  because people do not understand what they are talking about . 
  they read somewhere that isds is bad and try to justify their opposition with wrong facts and fearmongering . 
   a settlement is not in favor of the state , it 's still in favor of the company . 
  this is a generalization that is wrong . 
  of course they are . 
  they are predominantly in their 20s , male , from the western world and somewhat educated . 
  they also take interest in politics ( at least for subs like this ) . 
   because the isds so far does n't exist . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  isds is nothing that is exclusive to ttip , it is a wide-spread way of arbitration . 
  we already had 650 cases that fall under isds . 
   it 's ultimately not up to the german govt . 
  though , but up to the actual migrants . 
  when they get to a safe european country like greece , which are more likely to apply there ? 
  economic migrants who want a job or benefits and who have been told myths about germany , or the syrian refugee who just wants his family to live in peace ? 
  i mean , it takes a lot ( of arrogance ) to say `` this is n't good enough for me , i deserve better , so i 'm going to walk to germany '' . 
  it only makes sense that economic migrants make this choice more than syrians . 
  actually i disagree . 
  the people coming from syria are aware that they will likely not be able to return to syria in the near future . 
  so it is only natural for them to look where they have the best opportunities . 
  i am not even talking about social welfare but about the possibility to get into a job again . 
  greece faces the most severe economic depression we have seen in a country in decades . 
  the conditions for refugees there are pretty bad and the prospects of them getting into work are pretty much zero . 
  if you know that germany accepts syrians , i doubt that much people would prefer staying in worse conditions . 
  dont get me wrong , i very much appreciate it if not every single person come to germany , but it does not really make sense to me . 
   either way , neither of these flows is representative of the whole . 
  fair enough . 
   it makes sense that the real syrian refugees stay behind in safe countries such as greece , while economic migrants continue on to germany , so i think your figures for germany could be correct as well . 
  given the policy of the german govt . 
  towards syrians , i would actually expect the share in germany being higher than in the rest of europe . 
  however the people from the balkans came here in extremely large numbers , this might push that percentage down . 
   while i will take your word for the finnish study , i 'm not going to assume this applies to all of europe until i see a europe-wide study . 
  i would have linked it , it was posted here on reddit a while ago , but unfortunately i could not find it . 
  why should it be different for the rest of europe however ? 
  according to the [ bamf ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) the share of syrians in september was actually 40.9 % , over the whole year 2015 it was 25.9 % syrians . 
  ( talking just about germany here ) between january and august , the sex ratio was 68 % males and 32 % females . 
   plus some more percent , presumably , from 18-25 year olds pretending to be 17 actually a recent finnish study showed that the number of people pretending to be underage was so low that it is completely insignificant . 
  it is not about reliability but the definition of rape .
