  this does not mean that they stir ethnic uprisings here . 
   british government racism , europe 's shame ? 
  the plight of refugees and migrants this is a fucking newspaper article from canada that actually says the opposite of what you are trying to sell here . 
  actually hilarious . 
  it shows that you made no effort trying to find a source but simply picked the first one that had ` shame ' in the title without even bothering to read it . 
  good one !, 
   how does it feel to speak with a complete disconnect between the words you use and truth ? 
  i think your link shows that this would in fact be a perfect description for you . 
   four out of 10 british muslims want sharia law introduced into parts of the country , a survey reveals today . 
  you dug out a 10 year old report from the freaking telegraph on a poll that is neither explained nor representative ( hint : your margin of error is pretty high with 500 people ) . 
   and there is no need for a majority to support inflicting islamist rules on others for those to cause harm . 
  actually there is . 
  people applying this law will simply be prosecuted , end of the discussion . 
  let 's start with your `` could only find 6 moderates '' claim . 
   you do n't get my point . 
  it 's one issue to have fertility rates below replacement levels and than another issue when you add mass immigration into the equation shirting the ethnic character of the nation-state . 
  it is yet another thing if you account for the fact that there are multiple ethnities coming into this country . 
   sorry , fixed it . 
  here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df9v8pomuxg[res ignored duplicate link ] could n't get beyond a minute . 
  this guy is an idiot who has no interest in a neutral assessment of the situation or a neutral prediction of the future . 
   it 's the video that matters , not the account who uploaded it . 
  that 's why i adressed the points given in the video . 
   how are they stopped ? 
  link ? 
  [ asylpaket ii suspended them for at least two years ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/das-steckt-im-asylpaket-ii-schnellere-verfahren-verschaerfte-regeln-fuer-abschiebungen/12895564.html )  do you have a link for this as well ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.boerse-online.de/nachrichten/aktien/zahl-neuer-fluechtlinge-in-deutschland-auf-200-pro-tag-gesunken-1001117248 )  okay but how successful are deportations ? 
  admittedly that 's a problem , but this is a problem we can fix . 
   most of the afghan refugees who came to germany during the soviet invasion never left and afghanistan has been declared safe by the german state . 
  on the contrary , we have the balkan wars where pretty much all of them left again . 
  the pressure on these people to leave becomes higher if it is a large group . 
   point being if second and third generations do worst than their predecessors , what makes you think that the fourth generation would be any better ? 
  the fact that continuous ` underperformance ' is neither an option nor reality . 
  give a source for you claims . 
   could you illuminate us laymen what this multitude consist of ? 
  significantly increased spending on the programs in the region ( decreasing push ) , changed laws ( decreasing pull ) , trying to find a solution for syria ( current ceasefire , decreasing push ) etc. 
   yes and none of these groups were islamic moderates other than 6 guys , literally . 
  which is inaccurate . 
  this was mainly a failure from the us side . 
  most european nations did not even consider things like this . 
   the point stands whether you yield it to be the case or not , that likely syrians therefore endorse sharia to a great degree . 
  still no source . 
  only assumptions . 
   did n't over half of germany 's turks vote for the akp ? 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
   in comparison to the german population , the turks living in germany perform very poorly in general education : 57 percent of those surveyed have no high school diploma or only attended a secondary modern school ( hauptschule ) . 
  throughout germany , only 40 percent of the population do not have a high school diploma or only secondary schooling . 
  solely educational trends could be regarded as somewhat optimistic because the proportion of younger tig without diplomas or only secondary schooling has decreased to 45 percent . 
  in addition , 40 percent of turks in germany have no professional qualifications ( 27 % is the german average ) , which is important for successful participation in working life . 
  over two-thirds also indicate that they speak better turkish than german ; among women , this figure is almost 75 percent . 
  accordingly , only 47 percent of those surveyed ( men : 56 % , women : 39 % ) are fully or partially employed . 
  in comparison , 58 percent of the german population do have jobs . 
  i never claimed that everything was fine . 
  i simply contested the claim that it is hugely troubling for our society . 
  which it is n't . 
   http://www.bmi.bund.de/cae/servlet/contentblob/566008/publicationfile/31710/vollversion_studie_muslim_leben_deutschland_.pdf i criticized your previous link for being old and now you link another one that is seven years old ? 
  come on !, 
   i think i said moderate islamic army . 
  you said ` moderate army ' . 
  there is no such thing . 
  you either have groups with ties to radical islam ( like al-nusra ) or you have a very diverse group that holds a variety of diverging views but is united in opposing assad . 
  we have seen in libya how that ends . 
   the fact west could only find 6 or so islamic moderates against assad is a good source in absence of polls that syrians are attracted to sharia . 
  uhm no ? 
   further muslims populations independent of geographical constraints have polled in the past as very supportive of sharia and blasphemy laws . 
  i doubt syria would be the exception . 
  there is a difference between the people over there and the people over here . 
  just because someone was consent with it over there does not mean that he supports the implementation of sharia law over here . 
  which is all that matters , honestly . 
  polls show this . 
   ( you 're below replacement levels . 
  there 's more indigenous german 's dying than are being born . 
  ) [ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962] this is accurate for pretty much every european coutntry . 
  even france , which is the beacon of fertility rate in europe is below the required 2.1 . 
   you need to look harder at age demographics and how it relates to ethnic germans . 
  this youtuber does the demographic calculations using oecd stats and based on current trends it 'll be within our lifetime . 
  you linked the same bbc article again . 
   he says germany will be another country . 
  `` face of a dying nation '' - very neutral source . 
  and no , you are taking this out of context . 
  seehofer stated that this might happen if we continuously have an influx of one million people or more per year , combined with reuniting families . 
  this does not match the reality . 
  for several reasons : * family reunions are stopped * there wo n't be another million in 2016 in germany . 
  we are currently having a daily influx between 0-500 people . 
  the highest possible outcome of this would be below 180k people in this year . 
  which would be completely fine . 
  * the acceptance rate for refugees is around or below 70 % - which means that we are taking about 700k people for 2015 here . 
  at max . 
  * most people that come here will have to go back once the conditions in their home country is better . 
   well we 'll see because studies show that second and third generations generally do worst than their families who first arrived . 
  three generations are 75 years , not 100 + years . 
  it is also not said how this would develop . 
   the united nations population fund lists germany as host to the third-highest number of international migrants worldwide . 
  more than 16 million people are of foreign/immigrant descent ( first and second generation , including mixed heritage and ethnic german repatriates and their descendants compared to countries like japan or some eastern european countries , calling us `` homogenous '' is actually somewhat wrong . 
  what are you trying to tell me ? 
  there seriously is no player in the syrian civil war that would totally match our western ideals . 
  this however does not mean that they are all evil and want to overthrow our society . 
   and given that the refugees ( claim to be ) from syria that already gives you an idea that sharia is in fact attractive among refugees . 
  actually it does n't . 
  just because you come from a society where this law is applied , it does not mean that you are eager to implement it in europe .
