   100 % debt well . 
  thats still 20 % below your 1980 level . 
  you are fiiine . 
   agenda 2010 debateable . 
  before the agenda , we had a hell lot more people in unemplyment , meaning that more people would have been off worse without the reforms . 
   and the privatization of the pension funds ( r\u00fcrup - and riester-rente ) the public pensions were and are not sustainable . 
  i agree that there are significant structural problems that need to be adressed though . 
  holy hell , thats a lot of money in interest payments for a ` safe heaven ' . 
  true , but this is not attached to your tax letters as far as i am concerned . 
  well , i dont see a downside to it . 
  especially since our tax letters appearance is boring to say the least . 
  if it is on your general tax letter , it doesnt have additional cost asides from the printing which is insignificant . 
  we dont . 
   which is why i am certain there would be some negative effect on the british economy , but to what extent no one can be sure . 
  it is widely assumed that announcing the referendum alone brought uncertainty into the markes . 
  however , despite the fact that i am opposed to a brexit because i believe the uk would be off worse ( especially the lower income people ) , i think this decision is too important to let the general market reaction influence you . 
  markets will always be opposed to significant changes unless it is 99 % certain that the change will be benefitial , which is n't the case here . 
  this decision goes to the very core of the future of your economy and society , if the general british public is in favor of leaving but chooses not to because they fear some abstract negative reaction from the markets , staying is the wrong decision . 
  it is unlikely that the uk will stop prospering if they choose to leave , this does not rule out that things would be better otherwise , however . 
   whilst i agree there would be damage to the economy should britain leave , the extent of damage is really down to the manner in which we leave . 
  if it is a slow and calculated decoupling then the damage to our economy would be less , but if it 's rushed and improvised then most likely it would be very painful for britain . 
  this is why both sides are correct and incorrect at the same time . 
  it 's all speculation with unknown variables . 
  the only thing that can be said with certainty is that a brexit would likely bear unforeseeable consequences . 
  it is impossible to know how things would develop , both economically and politically . 
  i wonder if there is already a contract in existence . 
  not more autocratic than the current system in the eu . 
  i agree that it is not the most opitmal way , though . 
  it was just a basic proposal anyways , object to refinement and negotiations by the eu states . 
  yeah , the issue with islamic banking . 
  from what i have heared , it can get a little tricky , but i do n't really have any experience with it . 
   pretty cheeky , but that thing could n't realistically ferry fixed-winged aircraft . 
  while this might be true , it still is significantly larger than the last generation of uk carriers . 
  well , the kuznetsov class is a more recent design than the nimitz class . 
  they are also not that small . 
  china severely lacks experience with carriers though , so the projection power is naturally slim . 
   a few countries are in the process of building proper supercarriers it will be intersting to see how the new uk carriers fare . 
   but as of now only the us really operates a true carrier fleet . 
  only india and china would be able to do the same , but this will take some time . 
  operational cost for a whole carrier group is estimated at $ 6,5 mil . 
  a day . 
  this sums up to 2.4 billion usd per carrier group . 
  given that the us currently operates 10 carriers , this puts them at 24 billion a year just for the supercarriers . 
  this is more than italy spends on its military in total . 
  i am still astonished that japan classified [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/js_izumo_%28ddh-183%29_just_after_her_launch.jpg ) as a ` destroyer ' . 
  i understand the reasoning , but come on . 
  nobody is falling for that . 
  if the benefits are scrapped , these people will we off worse . 
  the principle of contractual freedom is the very core of our civil law , most rules are dispensable . 
  we have the usual exceptions ( contracts are not valid if they violate non-dispoable law , e.g. 
  selling stolen goods ) , privisons to protect the customer ( especially doorstep selling and online purchases , both are implementations of eu law ) and limits to what you can write in the general terms and conditions of business . 
  we also have certain form requirements , especially when it comes to very important stuff , like buying a house ( you cant sell a house verbally ) . 
  you are probably correct that the english law offers even more freedom . 
  arbitration is becoming more and more common , but so far it does n't get financial support from the government like e.g. 
  in spain . 
  it also is a bit of a strange concept for many people , but more and more cooperations are including it as a first mean to settle disputes with customers/competitors . 
   independence is the problem well , we have the example of maastricht . 
  the mechanisms created to ensure no violations included somewhat democratic elements ( as it had to be agreed by some eu institutions ) - they proved to be worthless as germany and france chose to violate them without repercussions . 
   the german proposal is the exact opposite . 
  yes , but i only used it as an example that we are not fundamentally opposed to joined budget control and transfers . 
  if the euro and the eu proves anything , it is that is is possible to come to a consense , even if germany is n't that keen on it in the first point ( germany did not really want to join the euro for example ) . 
   a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  schengen without common asylum policies dumping the onus on the periphery . 
  all of those were voluntary though ( well , mostly ) . 
   in the us much of healthcare , social security , military , is funded by a federal budget , not state budget . 
  if that were the case then the greeks would n't be needing as much external help as they do now . 
  the problems arising with a mutualization of these ` services ' are enormeous . 
  it should be a long-term goal , but it includes sectors that are incompatible . 
  apart from the fact that pretty much any state involved would have to rewrite its constitution . 
   i 'm not sure i follow . 
  you mean you want the greeks to remove the bankruptcy option of the table and back what your gov did by blackmailing it away ; or you mean greece should have bankrupted or threathened to do it more and used it as bigger leverage ? 
  if we let greece do whatever they want to do , ignoring any failures and missed targets while ruling out that we will let greece go bankrupt , we significantly reduce our own bargaining potental . 
  it also brings greece into a position where they can threaten us with bankruptcy , having it on the table takes this away from them . 
   so , if the greeks had crashed and took away half of europe with them to the economic tomb like venezuelan levels on a technicity , ; that would n't have bothered you ? 
  half the eu homeless , not even potable water or electricity in the biggest part of it because no fuel , no jobs anywhere , food imports reducing causing risks of food shortages , etc etc ? 
  all that for following legal technicities in a paper for a few more tax euros in your pockets ? 
  is it worth it ? 
  you are failing to see the problem here . 
  the imf will not postpone payments that are due . 
  if the markets see that greece fails to honor due payments , they will be seen as default , no matter the opinion of other countries on it . 
  even if germany did not insist on its payments , greece would not have had enough money to honor the imf payment ( not even talking about regular payments of state employees at that time ) . 
   payment owed to germany are still under german control ; and instead of trying to give them some time or conditions , they issued an ultimatum with the threat of using their diplomatic influence to get greece kicked out of the eurozone ( then eu because they would n't have any more euro to pay the rest ) . 
  we are talking about imf repayment here however . 
   that 's like what happends to people that ca n't afford 1000 $ - a-pill cancer medecine . 
  they die for failing to honor those payment . 
  `` their choice '' . 
  that 's really the old school of social darwinism . 
  its actually just simple economics . 
  the bancuptcy option can not possibly be taken off the table as it essentially deprives us of any negotiation position . 
   no , but to pay germany they had to find so much hard currency that basically for 2 weeks there was n't enough money left in the entire country put together for the population to buy their damn groceries . 
  germany could have given them some time on their debts , but nooooo , the money had to be there in the 2 weeks , `` or else ... '' . 
  again , set dates . 
  and no , the interest payments to germany were pretty slim in comparison to the imf/ecb payments due . 
   being the power house of europe it 's much easier for germany to control or be immune to some single powerful commissioner . 
  being the powerhouse means that we will likely have immunity to many means of budget control . 
  it is extremely difficult to find a way to control it that can not be circumvented in some way or another . 
  generally speaking , some kind of independent authority is the most reliable way , but thats undemocratic . 
  if you do it through a democratic organisation , it will probably end up in a lot of horse trading . 
  `` you let my budget pass , i 'll vote for yours '' . 
  a mechanism also has to allow for flexibility in times of crisis , leaving another potential way of abuse open .
