  it would wreck our economy . 
  and with germany 's economy in trouble , the other european countries run into trouble as well . 
  we are n't called the `` economic locomotive of europe '' for no reason . 
  do n't forget - we are not only the most important exporter in europe , we are also the # 1 export destination for most european countries . 
  especially for eastern europe . 
  as a result , it is very much possible that it would do more harm than good to other countries . 
  plus , in case germany left , we would drag the netherlands , austria , possibly finland and mabye the baltics with us . 
  which would result in a very very weak currency that would remind of the latin currency union a century ago ( it failed by the way ) . 
  if a country thinks the euro is too ` hard ' , that country is free to leave the currency union . 
  however , as mr. varoufakis correctly stated : `` joining the euro was bad . 
  leaving it now would be a disaster '' . 
  yes . 
  but so what ? 
  what is your point ? 
  we are not competing when it comes to planes . 
  some suppliers might , but airbus has quite a lot of own employees and production , and especially r&d . the competition is not really worth mentioning if we look at the pre-airbus era . 
  so factual reality is irrelevant for you ? 
  lets have a metaphor : i am home-crafting guitars at 20 $ / hour . 
  i am buying the garden next door where my neighbor grows apples . 
  his job is worth 10 $ / hour but he is earning 20 units of another currency . 
  since he now joined my `` country '' , i exchange this 1:1 ( even though it does not meet the real value ) . 
  so now , i am earning 20 $ and he is earning 20 $ . 
  if my wage now increases every year but his wage doesnt increase : lets say my wage has a real increase , he has a real loss . 
  in total , we are at zero or even negative . 
  as a result , my country is devaluating . 
  * however * my own wage continues to increase , i am not undercutting the french guitar home-crafters . 
  all that is happening is statistics without real life effect for the other country competing in that area . 
  of course , this is simplified . 
  our industry eventually started building some facilities in the east . 
  but i guess you got the point . 
   um , practically everyone in the eurozone did undergo fiscal consolidation at the same time . 
  it 's called the eurocrisis . 
  which partly ( ! ), 
  is a result of lack of fiscal consolidation in the years before that . 
  of course it will be a failure if everyone attempts to do this at the same time . 
   1 ) 20 years of wage moderation in germany means that german products still have the edge you ignore that the western german wages did increase in the 1990s . 
  which makes `` 20 years of wage moderation '' a wrong statement . 
  our industry is sitting in west germany . 
   there 's just no market big enough or foolish enough to run up debt to buy up more european stuff . 
  given that germany constantly increases its export volume , it seems that there are countries . 
  plus : the german exports to the us increased by 24 % in q1 2015 . 
   as it should . 
  whether wage stagnation happened because of territorial expansion or an alien invasion is really irrelevant wrt the consequences of wage stagnation . 
  not really . 
  you would have to take a look at the separate western and eastern german wage growth for this time to come to a meaningful conclusion . 
   the only reason why lower wages helped with german unemployment figures was because they undercut other countries . 
  you could also argue from the other side - it can also be the case that we were in fact * above * the level of other countries and above the level that would be just given our industry . 
  it is possible to go over the top with wage growth , as we have seen in greece and other countries following the introduction of the euro . 
   instead of investing in productive technologies that would fuel economic growth , germany relied on economic imbalances within the eurozone to achieve full employment . 
  actually , our technologies were decent twenty years ago and we have decent tech today . 
  especially in manufacturing . 
  economic imbalances are innate to a globalized world . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  countries should try to balance it out , but it is not a necessity . 
  look at the us for example . 
   germany will either 1 ) have to significantly raise wages to catch up with the rest of the emu , which is what we are doing . 
  it is a bit wrong to talk about `` catching up '' when our wages already are [ higher than in the uk or in france ] ( https://data.oecd.org/earnwage/average-wages.htm ) ( at least in ppp ) . 
  you are right in saying that we must not have a race to the bottom , but we also must not have a race to the top . 
  the countries that have higher wages that we do also have a significantly higher gdp per capita ( apart from belgium ) . 
   which will naturally increase unemployment in a controlled manner not necessarily . 
  if we increase it in an adequate manner , it is possible without increases in unemployment . 
   2 ) the emu will break up because there 's no way the french will take a 20 % wage cut to `` restore competitiveness '' with germany and german unemployment will shoot up in a matter of months . 
  i disagree . 
  frances wages are ( if you look at real 2014 data ) pretty much exactly the same as in germany ( 2180 vs. 2183 $ ) . 
  there is no need for a 20 % cut . 
  however 10 % + unemployment does not speak for their model of doing business . 
   gdp growth at 1 . something % is hardly a success story . 
  it 's around 2 % . 
  which is significantly better than most eu countries currently . 
  we will never reach uk or ee levels , but we are n't aiming for that either . 
  we are an aging society . 
   this entire paragraph is nonsensical . 
  you outline how germany and france do directly compete in the bulk of their trade , and fail to account for the fact that maybe france does n't export xyz is because of trade imbalances that killed off its industry in a particular sector , and you still conclude that france and germany , even when they 're each other 's top trading partners , should n't really be considered competitors . 
  whether or not there is economic cooperation in this or that sector does n't have much to do with the effect of unit labour costs . 
  no , i never said that . 
  i simply contested your claim that it will `` always '' lead to a loss of competitiveness . 
  which is n't compeletely accurate . 
  if china can export dog meat cheaper than the year before , it does not mean shit to us because we were never in that market in the first place . 
   if i were german , i would be more concerned about automation than about french competition . 
  i never claimed that i am afraid of french competition . 
  when i mentioned `` not competitive anymore '' , i included any kind of competition . 
  including robots , domestic and foreign . 
   there are other , far more effective ways of combating unemployment that do n't involve undercutting strategic allies , e.g. 
  reducing the standard work week to 30 hours . 
  if it escaped you : we are not fighting against unemployment , we are fighting against a lack of qualified workers currently . 
  why would we do such a thing ? 
  yes , it means that you could * potentially * get more people employed . 
  but it also means that the products will have to get significantly more expensive or the wages need to be lowered significantly . 
  neither of which is realistic . 
   this talk about how the euro was designed to be a straitjacket on the german economy is bordering on a conspiracy theory . 
  given how the euro ended up , true . 
  it was modelled after our currency , we did not have much to complain about for a decade . 
  given how mitterand acted in the prlogue of our reunification , it is a bit different . 
  but i do n't want to get lost in this discussion . 
  what matters is the stuff that we talked about above . 
  you failed to get my point . 
  what i meant is that our only major plane manufacturer is airbus where there is no competition with you as it is the same company . 
  when someone buys a plane , he does not make a decision between france and germany but between the us and a multitude of european countries . 
  thus , it is fair to say that there is no competition between our two countries here ( apart from assigning where new planes are built or where new jobs are created maybe ) . 
  the competition is limited to some suppliers .
