  the quality of a subreddit heavily depends on the style of moderating as well as the availability of moderation . 
  it does not help anybody if a subreddit is moderated in the best way possible when that moderation only takes place with a delay or if certain hours of the day are n't covered at all . 
  thus , i am more than willing to do my part . 
  i do think that / r/europe is on a good way again ( after a heavy decline in quality a while back ) and i would be honored to assist in following that path . 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | it depends on what you qualify as a `` neutral '' . 
  i do not think that holocaust denial and similar things should be tolerated . 
  some people would argue that it would make me biased and thus not politically neutral . 
  if one would argue that politically neutral moderation means treating everyone , no matter the political couleur or opinion held , the same way - yes i do think this can be achieved and yes , i do think that it would be desirable . 
  if it can not be achieved , it should at least be the goal . 
  i would argue that a diverse mod pool ( in terms of political opinions without taking it to the extremes ) ensures that biased decisions of mods ( if they happen ) will eventually be corrected . 
  accountability ( through internal procedures and through complaints at / r/europemeta ) also plays an important role in ensuring that a mod will decide in the most neutral way possible . 
  i do however think that posting an opinion in a thread can make moderation in the rest of that thread rather complicated as people will always argue that the mod was biased . 
  that would be hugely problematic given that the boe is meant to be independent . 
  sitting in parliament for a party does infringe with this in my opinion . 
  i do not believe that it would be him though . 
  and that 's without even taking his expertise on just doing the job into account . 
  carney is one of the most respected and experienced central bankers in the world . 
  i can not think of any successor that would not be a downgrade right now . 
  the appointment of judges is apolitical ( talking about the lower courts ) and the decision is apolitical as well . 
  it is well in the frame of lawful punishment . 
  i am sure you have profound knowledge of our legal system and your statement is the result of a careful evaluation of facts . 
  seriously , dude ? 
  by afterwards i did not mean directly after the incident . 
  parents language was n't exactly clear here . 
  the way i understood it : person almost gets raped , tells brothers , brothers beat up the person who tried to rape their sister . 
  and if that is not the case , there is simply no necessity to beat the person up . 
  as parent said , she had * multiple * brothers . 
  it would have been much better ( and possible ) to just bring the attacker to the police . 
  i am familiar with the concept of deterrence , thank you . 
  they are not `` free '' , they were assigned to therapoitical institutions . 
  this is common procedure in countries with the rule of law . 
  these people have not interfered with the law before , they would be ridiculously stupid to do something again . 
  i know it because i am familiar with the matter . 
  as far as i understood , this was n't a immediate defense but beating the perpetrator up afterwards . 
  certainly . 
  i know of cases like this . 
  is this a widespread phenomen ? 
  i would say no . 
  i doubt that . 
  in germany , we have separate prisons for minors . 
  make no mistake , they are actual prisons , just ones without adult inmates . 
  and i think this is a good thing . 
  i did not say that . 
  apart from this : minors never get sent to regular jails . 
  well , i do n't take it for granted and i am very thankful for our institutional reliability and functionality . 
  of course , there are certain things that we could improve on but people on this thread make it sound like we live is some kind of third world state without reliable juridical system . 
  i have not contested that rape is one of the most unreported crimes . 
  i have neither said that the official statistics cover everything that happens . 
  however - the positive trend is there . 
  and again , this is a very special case since three of the offenders are minors . 
  this is n't exactly common . 
  as seen in the article , the adult got four years , so it is kinda inaccurate to say ` little or no punishment ' . 
  weill if you want to call it his way , who am i to disagree with you ? 
  trusting the state institutions is not exactly patriotism in my opinion . 
  probably the most misused term of all time . 
  it does not literally mean that germany is worth more than anyone else , it addresses the fragmented german states of the hre being united under a common `` roof '' - germany . 
  so actually it means germany above [ all german states ] . 
  i did not say that . 
  i however would prefer the judgement of a judge over the judgement of / r/europe any given day . 
  and if the judge decided incorrectly , the court of appeal will fix that . 
  many people of this kind do not appear in court and it is their right to do that . 
  does n't change the fact that prosecution happens anyways . 
  and i am not aware of a significant increase in rape numbers , be it in the official or unofficial numbers . 
  you could say the same about murder - i still disagree . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  you obviously completely lost touch with reality . 
  because what you are saying is simply not true . 
  not even remotely . 
  and by that , i mean * everything * you just claimed . 
  i like how everyone here , without any legal education , without knowing any specifics about the case in point , thinks he or she knows better than the judge . 
   probably you 're right but i was thinking about what happened to me when i was a teenager and yeah well i wonder how you can be so sure . 
  i was brutalized and sexually harassed by a group of teenage boys . 
  i never reported this to the police because i knew from many examples before that they would not be punished because they were too young and i 'd only expose myself to more suffering and drama ( police , hearings , social stigma , backlash from their families etc ) . 
  i am aware that this is unfortunately happening , but there is n't anything that would suggest a shift in attitude in the last years . 
   did you think about why numbers of rapes might decline when there are numerous examples of no consequences to the rapists ? 
  these example are not as numerous as you make it sound . 
  even in the case we are talking about here : those who were seemingly `` let off without consequences '' are minors - the adult involved got a four year sentence . 
  rapes by minors are a rather rare occurence . 
  and no , the decline in rapes also correlates with decreases in other areas of crimes . 
   how can you be sure that it is the number of rapes that declines and not of reports ? 
  you know that both can decline at the same time ? 
  i get what you want to say though - there is simply no evidence for it . 
  the statistics show that in some years , there was a small * increase * in the rape rate ( the trend is still the same ) . 
   or are german girls and women so law-abiding that they 'll report rape even if it means no consequences for the perpetrators and all the additional burden for the victim ? 
  we can see a clear tendency of being raped becoming less of a stigma over time . 
  people are more likely to come forwards about being raped by a family member or by their husband than they were some time back . 
   i 'm not saying that rape is not in real decline in germany but how come you 're so sure of your raw data . 
  did you by any chance analyze it thoroughly and did some field studies ? 
  or is it that you have to believe something and what else to believe but raw data ? 
  i have obviously put more thought and research into this than just looking at raw data . 
  there have been no events or reports in recent times that would suggest that the data is skewed . 
  the sad events of cologne confirm this - people are not overly hesistant to report being raped . 
  there is no indication that the statistics are skewed by this . 
   the rapists families are serbian roma entirely irrelevant . 
   people become judges if their views on justice are a good fit to the political views of the people deciding who becomes a judge . 
  that 's a rather apolitical issue here . 
   a certain part of german elites hate germany . 
  importing rapists and not punishing them for rape is one part of that fuck off . 
  apart from the fact that this is n't true , it is up to the state to decide this .
