  which supports my statement that getting rid of conscription would not save any money for the state . 
  2015 budget is 115m , however i agree with you that the funding is not sufficient ( then again , we still have our own border guards in every country which might put us closer to the us , frontex is not meant to protect our borders alone ) . 
  a soldier costing the state 300 euro per month sounds about right still . 
  not terms of salary but in housing , catering and equipment . 
  well , we got frontex which is pretty much what you suggested . 
  i think he refers to the last paragraph ( which he totally misinterpreted ) . 
  oh and he uses the comments as an argument . 
  the * welt * comment section has to be one of the worst , uneducated and conspiratists comment sections in the world . 
  you regularily read about ` lazy greeks wasting our money ' , about the ` brd gmbh ' ( claiming that the frg is not a legitimate and souvereign state but that actually the * deutsche reich * is still existing ) and more nonsense . 
  however , saudi arabia does not have an asylum system worthy of the name in place . 
  we can not force them to do so as they are a sovereign nation . 
  you also can not force neighboring countries to take in all goddamn refugees a war produces . 
  if a quarter of your population consists of refugess - like in lebanon - i think it is pretty fair to say that this is unacceptable . 
  also , you have to take the economic capabilities of a country into account . 
  the support from the rest of the world for the likes of lebanon has been embarassingly low - without that support we can not expect anyone to take in more refugees . 
  that sounds like a really good deal , however accomplished partly by cheap romanian labor force . 
  plus i imagine all the missle systems that are not present in the holland class are probably the most expensive part , together with the computer equipment and radar needed to operate them . 
  nevertheless , it proves that it is possible to build `` cheap '' ships . 
  and they are nice to look at , i agree . 
  our k130 class was 240 million per unit , the units being half the size of the holland class . 
  it is actually partly greeces gdp shrinking , a bad demographic situation and a short duration of the worklife of a greek . 
  plus relatively high pensions ( compared to similar countries , especially before the cuts ) . 
  this is exactly the rule that is in place and causes italy and greece to face extreme problems . 
  yes , this only applies to europe , however there is no state that is actually ` safe ' in northern africa . 
  the neighbor countries like turkey , jordan and lebanon already took in amounts that dwarf the amount of refugees europe takes in . 
  lebanon has a population of 4.4 million and took in 1.2 million refugees - a rule like this would only cause even worse conditions for these countries . 
  this makes more sense , thank you . 
  so we are on 300 $ / month for a conscripted person , not that bad of a deal if you ask me . 
  less than unemployment benefits , the money the parents pay will be roughly the same when they are unemployed . 
  well , the english wiki said 600 a piece , after checking the dutch one i have to agree with you . 
  i thought the price was 175 without weaponry . 
  i do not know the exact specifications , however the absalon was listed as a comparison in a critical review about buying the f125 . 
  the iver-huitfeldt class should be closer to the f125 though . 
  this however is not syrizas fault . 
  as written in that article , they are actually ready for cutting on military . 
  most of the new arms purchases are on ice due to the financial crisis . 
  the army was build up to these extreme levels under the previous governments . 
  ( also the greek mod is not from syriza ) . 
   it is not allowed to give loans when they do not see the loan repayed . 
  this is the case when the country refuses to agree on a certain level of primary surplus , like greece does . 
  ( without judgement whether it would be sustainable or not ), 
  the ships are pretty similar in terms of displacement , the f125 is designed for a different task . 
  however , even if you refitted the absalon for that task , you would still save 200-300 millions per unit ( which is pretty much 50 % ) . 
  your second paragraph is somewhat true , but domestic industry will never be competitive pricewise if they can be sure the government wont buy somewhere else anyways . 
  if germany seriously considered buying ships from neighboring countries ( your zeven-provincien class is almost as expensive as our ships by the way ) , you would likely see the ships being better and cheaper . 
  also , i do not know how much money is actually spent on raw material . 
  for example , the main gun of the f125 comes from italy ( this was a political decision , they thought about monarc first ) , the anti-ship missles ( 720.000 per unit ) come from the us . 
  the point is in not operating unsustainably large amounts of equipment . 
  with your argument , you could justify every piece of military equipment staying in service until it cant shoot anymore . 
  even a t-34 or a sherman can still kill people or destroy lightly armed vehicles nowadays , this however is no reason to keep operating them . 
  leo 1 and 2 combined , you operate more tanks than germany , france and britain * together * . 
  i doubt that this is healthy for your budget . 
  it just seems really counterintuitive . 
  the people live in the barracks , eat there , so in fact the parents should be relieved not having to provide for their children , but instead they also get a tax break on top of that . 
  why the hell does the family get tax reduction when their son is conscripted ? 
  what i find surprising is that the allowance is in fact higher than in germany while also granting tax benefits to the family . 
  i think you have to find a good balance between overspending because you want to keep your industry and financial responsibility . 
  you have to ask yourself `` do i really want to spend 650 million on a new frigate ( f125 ) when i could buy one for 200 million from denmark ( absalon ) ? '' . 
  i am still undecided on what to think about the kant fusion ( nexter plus kmw ) . 
  i am afraid we also had our part in letting fokker down . 
   though not by building more then we need . 
  this is the most important thing . 
  i unfortunately am not educated enough in economics to say whether greeces situation was still within the rules of the imf when they started lending to greece . 
  army food and housing is actually not that expensive . 
  the housing is already owned by the state , army food is usually no culinary experience , the people training the soldiers are there anyways as they are regular soldiers . 
  unless you do large-scale maneuvers with tanks and lots of ammo wasted , the training is not that expensive . 
  greece has around 50 % youth unemployment , there are certainly no companies waiting for these people to finish their military service . 
  i do not know how high the job-seeker allowance in greece is , however from my experience in germany , the salary of a person in military service ( not the regular soldiers ) is lower than the unemployment benefits . 
  ( well , used to be , we dont have conscription anymore ), 
  greece also has a contract with heckler & koch for building g36s in greece to replace the g3s from about 10 years ago . 
  the contract is frozen due to the financial crisis , i wonder what effect that has on the kalashnikovs . 
  leo 1s are maybe not that outdated ( most western states already got rid of them , canada has some still in service , but this will end this year ) , however there is no need to operate them when you own lots of leo 2s ( well , if you only had ammunition for them ) . 
  the difference is : contrary to regular public servants , conscription is extremely cheap ( when we still had conscription , you would recieve between 200 and 350 euro per month in the first 6 months ) . 
  it is certainly more expensive when these people are unemployed plus it puts more pressure on their family . 
  also , the newer f-16s are still very fit for service and will continue to be for probably a decade . 
  isnt every country somewhat trying to keep its military industry afloat ? 
  nexter is running a deficit , it is owned by the french state . 
  the greece arms industry is running deficits , nobody wants to buy them . 
  the us forces their own army to take ships they dont want because it ensures jobs . 
  i could go on , but i made my point . 
  it is just really sad . 
  this is the problem with rules , they dont adapt very well to exceptional circumstances . 
  however , the imf is really stretching at the moment , it is operating at the borderline of its mandate . 
  you can not simply wish the imf away . 
  conscription is actually not that bad given the circumstances . 
  i highly doubt that the people that are serving at the moment would find jobs elsewhere . 
  all you end up with are even more unemployed people , further dragging the economy down . 
  furthermore , these people earn a lot less than the regular soldiers plus they have free/cheap housing and catering at the army . 
  well , the rules of the imf say that they must not lend money to countries that will probably not be repayed . 
  this is why the imf insists on greece accomplishing a primary surplus that is supposed to increase to 3 % in the near future - if greece cant manage to accomplish this , the chances of the imf seeing its money payed back are grim and thus it isnt allowed to lend money . 
  i did not comment on whether i like it or not , its just how it is . 
  it is the german article that this english article is based on . 
  at least the f-35 and the rafale are cheaper than the eurofighter , however these numbers are way above what a country of the size of greece should have/needs . 
  due to the financial crisis , they cancelled the frigates but they will lease ( !!!, 
  ! , i did not know you could lease frigates ) two of them from france . 
  to be fair , the successor class building started before the last s-frigate was finished . 
  the planned greek military acquisitions planned for these years are even more impressive . 
  it was planned to buy 60 dassault rafale ( 100 million $ each ) plus 80 f-35 ( 90 million $ each ) , furthermore 6 fremm frigates ( 2.2 billion euros ) . 
  ( most of it was cut due to the crisis ) maybe your military should start to buy ammunition for the leo 2s instead . 
  it doesnt have anything to do with not wanting to admit that they made a mistake with their policy .
