  establishing a two-speed europe is already a good step in solving one of the most important issues when it comes to further integration . 
  while there are some countries willing to go deeper , others do n't and that is completely fine . 
  let 's at least wait for your referendum before we ring the bells for the dead . 
  milka is owned by an american company and mainly produces in germany . 
  this is what people have been saying for the last two decades . 
  the eu is still here . 
  and it will probably be here to stay . 
  i find myself having troubles to call that ` pull factors ' since the conditions in germany itself are still the same . 
  but you are correct i guess . 
   actually you ca n't . 
  this is illegal under international law . 
  both seizing property and trade sanctions would be acts of war . 
  actually this is very possible under international laws and under arbitration rules . 
  there might be consequences , but they would be completely political . 
  greece does not have any powerful allies . 
  you have displayed a lack of knowledge on the actual laws and on the application . 
  i think calling for you educating yourself is adequate . 
  yes . 
  nothing changed apart from our debt counter however . 
  it 's pretty pathetic that you try to cover up your lack of knowledge with weak personal attacks . 
  seriously . 
  educate yourself on the matter instead of spreading bullshit on an issue you obsiously only have superficial knowledge on . 
  you 're literally making stuff up right now . 
  no society has to respect people for their opinion . 
  this is not about a `` hostile environment for dissent '' . 
  they do n't need to be . 
  if you believe that our laws require calls for violence , you should take a look at them . 
  you ca n't make this up . 
  is is april fools again already ? 
  i ca n't believe we are ranking this highly . 
  not exactly worrying . 
  there are countries that would kill for these rates . 
  i only repeated what the newspapers reported . 
  it is possible that it is just a statement from a person that also a wrote other things . 
  not to mention that no one was sentenced yet . 
   actually it 's a pretty good economic move , if done right . 
  i would call it a very bold move . 
  we have no certainty on how things will develop . 
  gaining market share in a new business is harder than defending your current position . 
   as you said we do n't have a car industry , so we ca n't hurt our car industry either . 
  i would say that a car industry at least gives you the prospects for a switch . 
  as we all know , producing cars is an extremely complex business that requires a lot of money . 
  tesla is the only company that came out of nowhere - but they have never made profits so far and their output is very limited . 
  the 300k orders for the model 3 wo n't be shipped until 2020 . 
  to put things into relation : vw alone ( including subsidies ) produces 300k cars within 12 days . 
   we do have a lot of highly educated workers and students , companies and universities that could help research and develop parts for electric cars , renewable energy etc. 
  true , but how will you ensure that these workers do not leave towards germany where the auto industry is researching on the same issue with a lot more funds ? 
  or the us for that matter ? 
   the petrol export is mostly passing through , and it should n't be harmed by this decision over the dutch roads immensely . 
  you are making a fortune off it however . 
  of course , it wo n't quickly come to an end . 
  it is not exactly feasible that the whole of europe goes electric until 2025 ( even though i still believe in hydrogen ) . 
   tesla opened an assembly line recently in the netherlands , such developments could give us a glimpse of the future . 
  true , this is good news . 
  but it is ` just ' a small assembly line so far . 
  nothing that would come close to repacing your oil industry . 
  especially when it comes to taxes . 
  -- -- -- the thing i am the most worried about in going full electric is the issue of entry-level cars . 
  tesla is producing the cheapest electric car ( well at least something that really * is * a car ) , yet it will be abover 40k $ in europe ( due to taxes etc. ) . 
  government subsidies only go so far . 
  when someone buys their first car , it is usually a cheap one - very possible with the current cars available . 
  you can get a car that will last a few years for a few thousand euros . 
  it becomes more difficult with electric cars : unlike a regular car , they need battery replacements every few years . 
  battery replacements are very costly ( regularily exceeding the value of a used petrol car - replacing the batteries of the model s was around 20k two years ago ) , reducing the number of available cars for students or poorer people significantly . 
  even if you reduce that battery cost to a few thousand . 
  the price per kw/h might decrease - the capacity will go up . 
  the relevant issue is a legal one . 
  if such a car causes a crash - who is responsible ? 
   you 're just tring to prejudice people against the speech being suppressed by playing on their heartstrings bullshit . 
  yes , of course . 
  but the technology is constantly improving . 
  the more cars that are driving independently , the safer it gets as these vehicles will communicate with each other . 
   ask the author of `` germany abolishes itself . '', 
  well , what do you want to ask him ? 
  there has not been any case of governmental censorship here . 
  he stepped down from the central bank because it is n't due for people in that position to engage in a public debate that way . 
  he was kicked out of his party because his party disagreed with them , which is completely legal and fine . 
  no party is forced to have members that they do n't want . 
  oh , and did i mention that he sold insane numbers of his book and that he was object of the public discourse for weeks and months ? 
  hardly `` silenced '' . 
  freedom of speech guarantees that you can make your voice heared without fear from governmental repercussions - the society is free to act however they want . 
  same goes for employers , friends and party . 
  this sentence does not make any sense . 
  but i will brush it off the same way i did with the last one : germany in 30 years will be different . 
  germany now is different to the germany 30 years ago . 
  and that is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  yes . 
  most likely they based this article on a german news source that intially claimed that people were arrested , which they later corrected . 
  well , i have gone through various sentences that were based on this law . 
  none of them would qualify as ` suspicious ' . 
  literally no sanctioned statement would even remotely qualify as `` discourse '' . 
  it is purely hate . 
  i understand that even hate is protected under the first amendment and that 's fine . 
  but since we are not having issues with this law ( contrary to the discussion on reddit about it , it really is a non-issue here . 
  only far-right parties regularly call for the abolishment of the relevant laws ) , there is no reason to change it . 
  likely , nobody will be arrested . 
  it will most certainly ` just ' be a monetary fine . 
  prison sentences are limited to repeated offenders that reach a certain public audience . 
  they are very , very rare . 
  the last person who went to prison for this was an elderly women who used to be married to a nazi and continuously denied the holocaust in ( right-wing ) newspapers .
