  it makes much more sense to worry about ukranian stability and russian influence in the region now that it did before 2014 . 
  i 'm not saying there were no reasons to be worried before 2014 , but they were much smaller . 
  before 2014 , what was mainly at stake was just the well being of ukraine . 
  whereas today , the political consequences of weak and destabilized ukraine and stronger russia affect us as well . 
  i would argue that the stability in ukraine is mainly threatened by the proxy invasion , by corruption , an economic crisis , unemployment and political instability in general rather than the gas problems , but you certainly got a point . 
   i think that poland has every right to look for allies when protecting their interests , including the eu , that does n't obviously mean that the eu is obliged support poland . 
  it seemed to me that this is usually done by forming internal blocks in the eu and then exercising pressure on other countries/blocs . 
  involving the eu itself as a vehicle is n't that common . 
   and come on , i 'm pretty sure germany will also try to pull the strings in the eu to get the commission on your side and germany 's motivation for that will also be mainly , if not purely , financial . 
  germany 's stance is that they will simply await a judgement by the eu whether ns2 complies with eu law or not . 
  we are confident that it does . 
  of course , there will be lobbying , but we are n't as aggressive as poland in this regard . 
  i would say that the financial interest is only secondary when it comes to ns2 - the main target is having a supply free of any possible interruptions . 
  we do remember that we experienced a significantly reduced gas flow due to the problems in ukraine a few years back . 
  mind to provide a link ? 
   if you think poland is going to absolutely remain friendly to germany and will not want to pressure it over that long of a period of time , i have to remind you that they fought two major wars in similar time frame in the past . 
  the past means shit . 
  if we only made predictions for the future based on the past , germany would be 40 years overdue for a war against france . 
  things change . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  things could get unfriendly , but it certainly wo n't go to the point where poland tries to cut off germany . 
  first of all , it would n't work , only a small fraction of our gas goes through poland . 
  secondly , even in 50 years time , germany will be much too important for poland to play games with us . 
  probably we wo n't need any more gas in a century due to alternative energies anyways . 
  what a stupid statement . 
  germanys economy has suffered the loss of around 20 bn . 
  eur in annual trade with russia . 
  this is more than the total trade volume of any country other than germany or china with russia . 
  and considering ns2 : this is a deal that involves a multitude of countries . 
  half of central and western europe is engaged in this project . 
  plus there are countries like the uk which have increased their russian gas purchases significantly . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  ns2 was little more than a concept at the point when ss was axed . 
  germany was a vocal supporter of ss . 
  and i am not the one contesting that . 
  parent however does n't seem to have a good understanding of what the eu or the ez is . 
  what we need to make the euro work are some tweaks in the relationship of the ez members . 
  the rest of the eu/europe can do whatever they want , quite frankly . 
  what you are saying makes zero sense . 
  neither brexit nor `` strange politics of some eastern european countries '' had a profound impact on the value or stability of the euro . 
   europe is simply not enough united this does not even make sense when it comes to the euro . 
  europe does not need to be united for the euro to work . 
   an , tbh , i would even prefer british pound to euro - i think that in a relatively short period of time there will be more problems within eu and at this background later or sooner pound will rise . 
  you do realize that ` problems inside the eu ' do n't directly translate into the euro dropping ? 
  there is a big difference between the eu and the ez . 
  the euro has been a very stable currency during the last two years by the way . 
  that 's actually quite impressive : according to wikipedia , only 28 original fw-190 have been known to exist today . 
   monetary union without fiscal union has never been a successful model , anywhere , and there are no signs that is is working in the eurozone either . 
  this guy is one of the architects of the project . 
  he should be listened to , but he wo n't be . 
  well , this should have happened in the first place . 
  * before * the euro was created , if we are honest . 
  the flaws of the euro zone are n't exactly unexpected , most of them were named before we even got into this . 
  well , i know you asked for countries that you can travel to - but whatever . 
  forget bringing your dog to germany . 
  you are not allowed to bring pitbulls into germany from any third country , not even when it is another eu country . 
  this is based on \u00a7 2 hundverbreinfg ( literally : dog shipment and import limitation law - a very german name for a law ) . 
  there are also severe limitations for germans owning pitbulls : * you must not have criminal record * you have to do some tests proving that you are fit to be the owner of such a dog * it is mandatory for the dog to wear a muzzle in public . 
  * it needs to be chipped * the dog needs to pass a behaviour test and some other requirements , depending on the state you are in . 
  you get the point . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but have n't the first debates about south stream taken place before the whole crisis in ukraine escalated into war ? 
  because if so , those are some very different geopolitical conditions and you ca n't really compare these two situations . 
  and then in 2014 when the situation in ukraine got tensed , the whole south stream project was already sort of slowly dying anyway , so there was no need to loudly oppose it . 
  i disagree . 
  russia has been playing games with ukraine since the beginning of the millenium when it comes to gas . 
  it was in 2005 when they cut the stream . 
  there were more troubles in the years following 2005 . 
  proxy war or not , what matters in the end is that there will be ukrainian households that do not have enough gas to heat their homes . 
  the war is only on top of that . 
  it does n't help you to live in a state of peace when your flat stays cold . 
  there was certainly enough reason for the v4 to oppose ss based on this , judging of course on their behaviour right now . 
  if ee truly has these concerns about ukraine , i think it is reasonable to expect them to oppose projects harming ukraine even if there is no war . 
   oh yeah , definitely , i was not trying to say otherwise , of course poland is also concerned about their own transit money , but that 's quite understandable , any country would be concerned about that . 
  it however is not a valid argument in my opinion . 
  it is natural that this would upset poland , but it does not justify seeking help from the eu in stopping the project . 
  poland is n't ukriane , the transit fees are not even remotely as important for poland as they are for ukraine . 
  central and western europe has no obligation to accept higher gas prices so that poland can make a profit off it . 
  ( or ukraine for that matter ) . 
   efficiency and competitiveness with regard to gas supplies = having to pay more for gas . 
  that 's a very weird way of saying this , though . 
  it implies that there is something at stake for the whole eu , when it is in fact `` only '' the v4 . 
   the only thing that duda does n't openly mention are the transit fees . 
  but even the transit fees are not purely a financial concern , since the country that is going to be the most fucked by this is not poland or any other v4 country , but ukraine . 
  ukraine already is in deep shit financially , they really need the transit money , not having it would financially ( and also politically ) significantly weaken the country . 
  weak and unstable ukraine is really not good for our region , or just for eu in general . 
  as i have said time and time again in this regard : none of the v4 had these concerns with south stream despite it having exactly the same effect on ukraine . 
  that 's why i say that they are hypocrites . 
  i can see that it is a valid argument , but i refuse to take it as a proxy argument from some countries who are only concerned about ukraine when the project would harm themselves as well . 
  i would argue that transit fees are an argument to oppose it for poland no matter what . 
   for example my country still reluctantly opposes the project , despite projections saying that we would financially benefit from it ( since one of the routes would go from germany through us to slovakia/austria and further south to italy ) . 
  would you say that the opposition is mainly driven by solidarity with poland rather than solidarity with ukraine or rational concerns ? 
   duda added that the construction of the nord stream 2 pipeline , a planned project which is to circumvent poland and other countries in the region , hinders efficiency and competitiveness with regard to gas supplies in europe . 
  why ca n't these people just be honest ? 
  they simply are afraid of being cut off by russia/rising gas prices/loss of transit fees . 
  why do they need to make bullshit excuses to opppose the project ? 
  hungary is the biggest hypocrite on the table - they did not oppose south stream ( germany supported ss by the way ) because it would have benefited them . 
  at that time , there was no thought about any of these things . 
   helicopter repair crew . 
  other nations have made excellent experiences with civil contractors for these issues . 
  downsizing however is not the primary issue .
