  actually , at least for the winter of 2014/15 this was not true . 
  the numbers in that winter did no such thing . 
  look at the graph i posted that includes both 2014 and 2015 numbers . 
  you will see that it is actually going up in the winter months . 
   the numbers waiting in turkey to pass to europe have massively increased since the welcoming . 
  either they wait because they hear that the balkan route is closed , or they wait for better weather conditions to reduce the chances to die in the sea . 
  you pick what suits you best . 
  how does this matter in the current situation however ? 
  i can not include * potential * refugees . 
  this would not even make any sense . 
  merkel did exactly that in regards to the tweet in question . 
  if you look at the timeline at the top , her office released a statement that counteracted the tweet a few days later . 
  it is impossible for the government to dictate the newspapers to adapt this statement however . 
  merkel did exactly that in regards to the tweet in question . 
  if you look at the timeline at the top , her office released a statement that counteracted the tweet a few days later . 
   what i am trying to say is , i really do n't care about those five words . 
  well , i do n't care about these either , but if you spent some time on this sub in the recent months , you could come to the conclusion that merkel spoke some kind of magical words that summoned all the worlds refugees to europe/germany . 
  i am especially annoyed by the assumption that merkel did anything because she ` wants refugees in germany ' . 
  nobody ` wants ' refugees . 
  not ` wanting ' refugees however does not mean that you wo n't take them in . 
  it is still the right thing to do . 
   however , i do n't agree with how she managed the next six months . 
  given how things played out , she most certainly could have done better , agreed . 
   afaik you can not apply for assylum if you dont enter the desired destination country . 
  these people could apply for asylum in greece wihtout greater problems . 
   until then , remove the graph with the statistic after merkels invitation as it misleads . 
  how so ? 
  the route to germany was pretty wide open in the months that are shown in the graphs . 
  do you see me talking about 2016 numbers in there ? 
  i do n't . 
  therefore , i see no reason to remove this graph . 
  well , i do n't fully agree , but i can get behind what you are saying . 
  what i wanted to counteract is the general assumption that germany voluntarily declared some kind of invitation to all refugees of the world . 
  i wanted to show that yes , it is very possible that merkels acting ( well , and the bamf 's ) had an impact on the refugee numbers , but that it is still far from valid to talk about ` causation ' here . 
  we had large numbers before that and merkel was not the only person that said and did things in this regard . 
  on the more promising side - our government has announced that it will increase the military spending , even though just a bit . 
  it is hard to justify increased military spending if you have a pacifistic society like germany . 
  not gon na happen . 
  for multiple reasons : first of all , it would not benefit anyone . 
  not us , not the us . 
  it is a fact that the us is not keeping its military budget at the current level because it need to protect germany but because it chooses to do so . 
  secondly : this requirement originates from a time long ago . 
  it in fact is not even a ` requirement ' it is a ` suggestion ' . 
  really ? 
  this is all you can come up with as a reply to this post ? 
   first at all hungary unilaterally withdrew from dublin agreement in late june . 
  well , this was met by the german side deciding to not even attempt sending people back . 
  we were aware that hungary was severely struggling . 
   wrt sept 3-5 period . 
  i do n't remember reading of an emergency meeting with merkel - fenyman - orban , but that orban tried to call fenyman just to be told , call me tomorrow . 
  well , according to the media there was a call . 
  faymann afterwards claimed that orb\u00e1n promised that it would not be more than 4000 refugees . 
  [ austrian source , in german ] ( http://wirtschaftsblatt.at/home/nachrichten/europa/4814574/fluchtlingskrise-faymann_orban-hat-sich-politisch-disqualifiziert )  also , after the unfortunate tweet of `` syrians exempt of dublin '' was sent the situation in hungary became unmanageable since migrants flat out refused to be registered . 
  as i elaborated , merkel can not be blamed for that one . 
  the thing is : europe never had a larger interest in most of the stuff that happened in recent decades . 
  the only exceptions would be libya and ( to an extend ) syria . 
  most of the other engagements were started by the us . 
  and we would be fine without foreign engagements . 
  it is very unrealistic to expect a country like germany to 2 % however . 
  we are surrounded by allies , we do n't like foreign interventions and we have no former colonies to take care off . 
  and , most importantly , we dont like playing police . 
  even if you would stop pursuing internventionist policies - you have an interest in maintaining these bases . 
  all gop candidates have shown that their election campaign considering the military is janus-faced . 
  they complain about the us military being the weakest in decades while praising it as great and being the strongest in the world . 
  ( well , this does not include some people , like rand , but those are not in the race anymore ) . 
  it most certainly wo n't happen under a gop presidency . 
   right , could you guys please start spending that 2 % while we try to get our people to decrease spending over here ? 
  you know yourself that this is n't going to happen . 
  as you might know , the us army recieves more equipment than it needs . 
  simple reason - people threatening to block the budget should their local arms industries not get orders for new equipment . 
  remember zumwalt for example ? 
  building military equiment is the us version of ` government creating government-funded jobs ' . 
  actually it is n't . 
  ramstein air base is the very center of us operations in europe . 
  it is the operational center of nato missle defenses and houses multiple command authorities of both nato and the us . 
  ramstein is necessary for you to carry out drone strikes in african countries , pakistan and yemen . 
  ten years ago , this base had more us personnel than you have in germany in total today . 
  the thing is : the stuff that you have in germany is actually not meant to assist in german national defense ( at least currently ) . 
  it is actually merely a foreign base that is serving your own damn interests . 
  you can not cover the whole world militarily if all your bases are in the us . 
  it also gives you the option of assisting in the future if you chose to do so at any point in time . 
  and by the way , many of these bases are operated together with the germans because we have aligned interests . 
  the number of us soldiers has been 40k in 2014 . 
  nothing would happen . 
  it is sufficient that the us is there to * potentially * step in should problems arise . 
  the only thing that would force europe to spend more was if the us lost military power . 
  this would require the us to decrease spending , something that is not going top happen . 
  for a multitude of issues . 
  because it would violate the echr , a treaty that australia has not signed , because we do not have countries where we can send people . 
  so this means , as long as germany keeps its borders open , we can pretty much rule out that we will ever see someone having the possibility to go to court , right ? 
  how about that 80 people rule ( it was eighty , was n't it ? ) . 
  if i remember correctly , you let in 80 people for austria and pass up to 3200 to germany . 
  what if 81 decide to apply for asylum at one day ? 
  could this already be enough to go to the cc ? 
  sounds reasonable . 
  that 's what i suspected . 
  have there been attempts to get this issue in front of the court ? 
  why should i try to reason with someone who fails to understand the most basic principles of our societies ? 
  has there in fact been a judgement ( or even a case ) ? 
  or was this just some off-court statement ?
