  i dont hold that high of an opinion about the current greek government , but i trust them not to be * that * stupid . 
  i would not exactly call them ` generous ' , however they are not made with the intention of destroying greece . 
  one politican of syriza actually suggested printing 100 bn in emergency elas ( emergency emergency liquidity assistance ?? ) . 
  i do not know what she based that on . 
  its not about being spineless but about multiple facts . 
  if you think this way , you also have to think that you own the * deutsche bank * 50 $ , the allianz 2000 $ and 300 $ to some hedgefund . 
  ( yes i made these numbers up ) . 
  you dont think this way , why would you do it different when someone is owing money to your state . 
  asides from that , while it is easy to distribute that money evenly amongst the german population , that simply doesnt get it . 
  technically it might be true , however debts are payed to different extends by the people , depending on how much tax you pay/how much benefits you recieve from the government . 
  it is just a retarded question . 
  it is simply not going to happen . 
  that is a bit complicated with capital controls in place . 
  700 $ per citizen for germany i suppose . 
  however , greece doesnt own me any money personally and i really dislike thinking this way . 
  why should it be lost ? 
  if greece returns to the drachma , it will be converted into drachmas . 
  meaning that it wont be lost but it certainly would lose quite a lot of value . 
  it gets a bit complicated if the bank goes bankrupt however ( which is not unlikely given the exposure to a greek default ) , unless the/a government steps in this money might be lost in that case . 
  this is exactly what i wrote in another post in this thread . 
  there is a scenario , although complicated . 
  you could reestablish border controls to greece , disallowing them to bring further y-money into europe . 
  for a few weeks , you would be able to exchange y-notes for other bills in your local bank . 
  accompany this with a wide media campaign and the collateral will be reduced to a minimum . 
  after that exchange period , the y-notes would not serve as legal tender anymore . 
  the way i outlined would not harm the amount of money in the ez in any way as there could be new notes issued for exactly the amount of bills that were exchanged . . 
  again , it is not possible to declare all notes with a y void . 
  in 2001 , greece had issued bank notes worth over 13 billion euros , a number that is much higher by now . 
  you would essentially rob people all over europe of their rightful money . 
  the only thing you could to would be allowing to trade in y-notes at banks for a few weeks and declare them void afterwards . 
  it would not be possible . 
  this would make all legitimately issued greek bills worthless . 
  greece would be immediately cut off swift . 
  the elas of the ecb would end immediately . 
  the borders to greece would be closed . 
  they do not have the right to do so without the consent of the ecb . 
  this argument is stupid . 
  this is a question of the kind of : greece could bomb berlin , what if they do ? 
  they would be counterfied . 
  only the ecb agreeing to the printing makes them legitimate money . 
  they are not . 
  if you have to check the serial number of a bill every time you want to pay with it , the trust into the universal validity of the currency is gone . 
  what it does is creating chaos . 
  you can either declare that they are counterfied and thus destroy the trust in the currency or you can say they are valid and thus the greek govt . 
  would get away with it . 
  however , the hellenic central bank is still somewhat independent . 
  it simply wont print money on its own accord . 
  they do . 
  not written out , but every country has a country code on them which allows to identify both where the bill was printed and where it was issued . 
  if they print other codes , they will print counterfied money . 
  [ here is one source that i could find in a rush ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/unprecedented-greek-finmin-kicked-out-of-eurogroup-meeting/ ) , i am sure there were claims about this in major english news , however dijsselbloem said that varoufakis left on his own accord . 
  you were talking about ` the eurogroup gambling and losing ' . 
  if you think that the greek were n't gambling , the eg wasnt either by that standard . 
  no matter if it was the intention of syriza or not , they turned greeces future into a big gamble with uncertain outcome now . 
  us banks have about as much money as german banks at stake in greece ( around 10 bn , this number is from late 2014 ) . 
  of course they want to get a deal that ` saves ' greece and thus their money . 
  there are different claims about that eurogroup meeting . 
  some claim the greek left , some claim the greeks were thrown out . 
  the determination of who ` lost ' is not determined by who ` leaves ' a meeting . 
  i think we will not know who really lost until we see how the next two weeks play out . 
  in the end , everybody will be a loser though . 
  it is not like one party could ` win ' and everything will be fine , unfortunately . 
  well , todays fdp is not 2000s fdp and most of the former leading personnel is gone . 
  about the reduced vat : it was not only the fdp who advocated for a lower rate , the csu was a major driving force in this . 
  lindner even wanted to take the vat reduction back around 2010/11 but the csu blocked it . 
  nevertheless , only the fdp got the blame for it . 
  i 'd take the current fdp over the afd every day . 
  also , even though i am no friend of the cdu/fdp coalitions , it would certainly be more benefitial for the german democracy than a constant groko . 
  well . 
  we had a ` liberal ' party , the fdp . 
  the fdp was hit even harder than your lib dems . 
  they went from 14.6 % in 2009 to 4.8 % in 2013 , which means that they are not even in the parliament anymore . 
  the same happened to them in most federal states . 
  which supports my assumption that it was not caused by the euro . 
  nokia did not lose market shares because they were too expensive due to the euro . 
  of course the ez has structural deficits , nobody denies that . 
  that however does not mean that the euro is the problem , the structural deficits are . 
  the ecb does not exactly have a structural problem . 
  the fact that they have to find a base rate for the whole of europe ( which is near impossible ) is not a ` structural problem of the ecb ' . 
  actually , i am astonished how all the eu-like games are somewhat accurate with their stability , prestige and inflation stuff when seeing the current ukraine situation . 
  actually it just shows that two countries have lived over their means and would have needed to default without assistance . 
  capital controls are a much lesser evil than returning to the drachma , at least short term . 
  this still doesnt make debt-fueled growth a bad thing . 
  this just proves that greece needs to start taxing the oligarchs . 
  also , from what i understand , what was done was not illegal by any means . 
  also , he just critizises that they are not ` paying a part of the bill ' , meaning paying for the greek debt crisis , which is , to my understanding , reasonable from them in terms of economic responsibility ( even though it is not a nice move ) . 
  the european project has all but failed . 
  growth is always fueled by debt , it is highly unlikely that someone has the money to start a new business without going into debt . 
  how can these people take ` your ' money ? 
  this sounds like a full-grown conspiracy theory . 
  any reliable source for your claims ? 
  i disagree . 
  sch\u00e4ubles approval ratings are too good to just be from the center right and right fraction . 
  i was not talking about the post-bailout world exclusively . 
  greeces industry already was far from competitive before that . 
  what hinders greece more than a currency that is too ` hard ' is the ineffectiveness of your political and judicial system . 
  what ` decent manufacturing base ' are you talking about ? 
  all former attempts of big industry ( producing cars , producing tires etc. ), 
  were killed off decades ago , partly by politicians , partly by workers demanding too much . 
  how is debt-fueled growth in the private sector something bad ?
