  very questionable and no legal handle . 
  if there was one , it would probably be unconstitutional . 
  you can put someone into custody to ensure that he or she is being deported , but for no longer than 12 months . 
  well , how are you going to change that ? 
  we have to provide for people inside our borders if there is no way to get rid of them , even if their asylum request is denied ( `` tolerated '' ) . 
  we do not need to change our laws , we need to ensure that the greek system becomes good enough for european standards again ( talking about the refugee care ) so we can deport to greece . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  not enough to fuel the easy system registrations , as i said . 
  changing laws does n't make greek islands less numerous . 
  you essentially described what dublin iii said . 
  but it failed . 
  two simple reasons : the numbers were too large for the border countries alone ( mainly italy and greece ) plus we could n't send people back to greece ( those who arrived in germany ) due to legal reasons . 
  it also does n't help the mentioned countries at the outer schengen borders . 
  that berlin/paris/new york will always be a more tempting target for terrorists than gdansk , coimbra or brno . 
   ok , i do n't get it . 
  what is there to strike down concerning freedom of movement ? 
  a recognized refugee doesnt ' t automatically get freedom of movement in europe . 
  with recent changes in germany , they do n't even get full freedom of residence here . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i do n't see the basic breach of human rights , i 'm afraid . 
  i am not talking about european freedom of movement . 
  i am talking about freedom of movement inside the country where the refugee applied for asylum . 
  people do indeed not recieve full freedom of movement immediately , but they generally recieve some kind of limitation . 
  this limitation however does not limit them to a single building , but to a certain area . 
  most german states allow the asylum seekers to move freely in the whole state , bavaria is a little bit more restrictive ( movement limited to the * regierungsbezirke * ) . 
  let me point you at ecj judgement c-443 / 14 : [ english ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=174657&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=603320 ) / [ german ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=174657&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=de&amp;mode=req&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=74727 ) now , i am aware that the laws , directives and conventions mentioned in the judgement only apply to people `` in the territory '' of the state , but i do think that it is unlikely that you could circumvent these rules by `` storing '' these people in international waters . 
   secondly , the unit size of a cruise ship was a suggestion on my part . 
  considereing the unique scale and the unique requirements , i 'm optimisticpeople smarter than me could find a cheaper solution . 
  probably . 
   what 's most important is the inherent deterrent factor . 
  you 're right , last years numbers would have overwhelmed any such system . 
  bit taking away the chance to make a better life in europe is the best deterrent to non-genuine refugees i could think of . 
  we 'd probably never see those kinds of numbers again if there was n't any access to the mainland . 
  so i 'd call it a reasonable risk , especially considering land facilities in greece and elsewhere failed just as well in 2015 . 
  as long as the turkey agreement does n't fall , i would deem it unlikely that we will see the same numbers in europe in the forseeable future . 
  well , why do n't we just ban everything that could harm someone ? 
  ban people from going outside . 
  nobody is going to do these things , even though some people might be harmed or killed as a result of these things . 
  we can not and should not take `` as much security as possible even if it comes at the cost of freedom '' approachs . 
  which other islands ? 
  the big european islands are either freezing cold or tourism locations . 
  this is very questionable 3 . 
  which third countries ? 
  i really ca n't think of a country that would like to become a dumping ground for asylum seekers while offering conditions that would comply with the echr . 
  it was * one * attack . 
   how many dead people is an acceptable price ? 
  for freedom ? 
  quite a lot actually . 
  think about this : we also accept casualties in traffic because it allows us to use cars . 
   you speak of human rights conventions as something that ca n't be changed . 
  we wrote them in an age when different conditions applied . 
  we can and should rewrite it to stay up to date with the current situation . 
  the fundamental human rights written in the human right conventions are still up to date . 
  there seriously is no need to rewrite them . 
   i 'll make this simple for you . 
  nobody wants to get shot in the face , hence , if migrants arriving to europe would be shot in the face , sooner or later they would stop coming . 
  that is one way to end the refugee crisis . 
  does n't make this ( or your proposed ) policy any more legal or ethical . 
   now , there is n't really popular support for such drastic measures yet , but as the migrant problem gets bad enough in europe , that support will come . 
  i am very certain that we wo n't ever have support for these ideas . 
   thus , if you care about human rights , maybe you should use your brain and support policies to avert the crisis before everyone starts voting in nazis ? 
  as seen in greece , poverty brings more people to the nazis than refugees actually . 
   write this off as wrong . 
  i have indeed misread . 
  1.1 million have arrived in the last year . 
  since most of them cross the border illegaly we cant be sure of the exact number . 
  pretty much all of them arrived in the north of europe . 
  even in the times where people got stuck in greece ( after the balkan route was closed but before the turkey deal ) , the number did not exceed 50,000 at any point in time . 
   i am not optimistic and i am afraid we will follow the steps of swede ( very long , but neutral and properly sourced article ) honestly , there are worse things in the world than becoming like sweden . 
  they are still one of the wealthiest countries in the world and one of the best to live in . 
  could the refugee crisis prove to be problematic for sweden ? 
  yes . 
  but i doubt it will break sweden . 
   and what about 2012 burgas bus bombing ? 
  well , there are exceptions of course . 
  but generally speaking , what i said is true . 
   border control should include airports of course and everybody must checked . 
  well , what does checking help you ? 
  the people committing the sept 11 attacks were in the us legally . 
  and they were checked when getting into the coutnry . 
   and there it is much easier , you can monitor all people by many efficient technical devices . 
  so you are willing to trade in your freedom for a little bit of security ? 
  you can not possibly monitor everyone at any given time . 
   a ship that serves as a permanent home to some does n't necessarily have to be part of schengen . 
  it wo n't be . 
   so you could grant freedom of movement , there just is n't much space to move to . 
  i can easily see the ecthr striking this down . 
   compared to the 90 billion we 'll be spending over the next three years , i 'd say it 's worth a feasibility study . 
  let 's say we house 4,000 people on a ship of this size ( ignoring you need additional facilities to house people long-term and you ca n't stuff too many people together for a long time if you do n't want massive outbreaks of violence on the ship ) . 
  we took in around a million refugees ( we still do n't know ) in 2015 . 
  so , we would need around 125 ships . 
  let 's say - just for the sake of the argument - that a ship of this size is 300 million ( no luxury ) . 
  this would mean that we spend around 40 billions just on accomodation . 
  you can argue that we could buy used cruise ships - but i highly doubt that there are 125 old ships that we can use without a complete refit . 
  to that , we need to add maintenance ( ships of this size are n't that cheap to run or maintain ) , personnel , security forces , clothing , food , the lot . 
  plus it completely takes away any possibility of any of the refugees ever becoming a net surplus for the economy . 
  now , we most likely will not see another million refugees in the next years . 
  let 's say we get 200,000 ( mainly via libya-lampedusa ) . 
  that would still be 50 ships . 
   not to prevent a mass flow of refugees or migrants , but to prevent very small number of radicals to come here wanting for example attack people visiting jewish monuments and their visitors in prague . 
  without wanting to sound pejoratively , terrorists tend to care about the ` big ' targets more than they care about small countries that are n't that relevant on the world stage ( unless they happen to live in that country anyways ) .
