  which makes your statement kinda pointless and factually wrong . 
  this is exclusive to the online version of it . 
  the article was originally published over a week ago in the print version of the * zeit * . 
  the whole edition was titled : `` the night germany lost control '' ( front page ) , the article itself ( page four or something ) received the altered title because the connection was obvious . 
  i honestly thought about translating it myself because i found this to be genuinely interesting , but i ended up not doing it because it is so goddamn long . 
  thank god i did n't start given that they did the work . 
  thought exactly the same when i read it in the print version last week . 
  props to them for providing a translation . 
   this was a reply to what you said : `` the judgements were pretty much always fair and just . '', 
  a reply without any factual backing . 
   therefore i think the burden of proof/to provide examples is on you . 
  i suggest you give a representative ( not cherry picked ) list of cases and then tell me how the judgments , and the transfer of tax payer money to the international corporations that followed , are `` pretty much always '' fair and just . 
  this is not even remotely how this works . 
  your point is that the system produces flawed results , yet you fail to point at any case that was n't fair and just . 
   national court systems have more checks and balances than isds to ensure impartiality of the judges . 
  if a case ca n't be won in the regular court system , then it should not be held at all . 
  the court systems of western european countries are perfectly adequate . 
  they are n't . 
  loewen v. us makes a pretty good case that at least the us court system is n't `` perfectly adequate '' at all times . 
   it does n't matter where the corporations are from i would not agree with it either if corporations from my own country are doing this to others . 
  it does matter as you especially talked about `` us multicorps '' . 
  in the mind of many people opposing isds , it is a tool only serving us interests while this could n't be further from the truth . 
   in the cases that i 've seen , this happened every time that a government lost . 
  well , show me `` the cases that you have seen '' . 
   no , they have n't `` pretty much always '' been fair and just . 
  well , provide some examples . 
   and even you appear to admit that they have n't always been fair and just . 
  i wo n't rule it out , but the same applies to our national court systems . 
   and these unjust rulings will expand . 
  how do you come to this conclusion ? 
  there is no evidence of this happening . 
  quite the contrary , recent developments in isds have all been pushing for more transparency . 
   american multinational corporations do not need isds courts to operate in european countries . 
  only a tiny fraction of isds cases are brought by `` american multinational corporations '' . 
  over 50 % of isds cases are filed by small and medium sized enterprises . 
  european companies use isds much more frequently than their american counterparts by the way . 
   ability to sue due to lost profits should be limited to the smallest amount possible , as a populations wellbeing always outweighs corporate profits and the ability of some overseas ' executives to fill their pockets with european tax money . 
  do you have any clue how rare these infamous `` lost profit compensations '' are ? 
   corporations should never be able to sue governments over enacting regulations that protect the population from their reckless profiteering . 
  oh come on , the judgements were pretty much always fair and just . 
  the `` lost profits = isds case '' is nothing but a scary fairy tale . 
  what exactly was `` ugly '' ? 
  the leaks showed nothing unexpected or surprising , no matter how much greenpeace tried to style it that way . 
  so you do in fact have no evidence whatsoever that supports your point . 
  as i said . 
  all you do is interpreting vague statements in a legal system that you do not know and your conclusions are simply wrong . 
  sorry for the use of that language , but it really gets annoying when comments like yours ( accusations of censorship of dissenting opinions without factual evidence ) appear in every thread that touches this topic . 
  i do n't even get the point of your comment . 
  thing is : none of the cases that are prosecuted are simple `` dissenting opinions '' , they are usually calls for violence or extreme hatred that goes beyond any reasonable discussion . 
  so unless you can come up with evidence that it is `` repression of political dissenting opinions '' , please shut the fuck up about things you only have superficial knowledge on . 
  oh look , a new account . 
  what are the odds ? 
  [ well , we did that too ... ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/britt_\u2013_der_talk_um_eins ), 
  catchy phrase , but it has nothing to do with reality . 
  sorry , but the evidence simply does not support this way of interpreting the actions taken . 
  cases in family matters are generally non-public , so it is only the court and the parties involved in the case . 
  source ? 
   already by 2020 that majority of `` german '' military age males will not be german lul, 
  well , the thing is : the same in germany . 
  we do not have enough it majors . 
  yet the unemployment rate of graduates is much lower . 
  i think there has to be more to it . 
  what is a bit surprising to me is that czechia is significantly lagging behind . 
  for comparison : overall , czechia has the second lowest unemployment rate in the eu , lower than germany even . 
   which was my whole point . 
  you were pretending that the reason reason that the 1 million thing wo n't be repeated is due to internal german political will or influence , which is nonsense . 
  read again what i wrote please . 
  i did not write what you understood . 
  of course it was not political will in germany which has reduced the numbers . 
  but let me say this : if the other countries did not close their borders , germany would have taken adequate measures . 
  there was no approval for continuous influx . 
   others saved your ass in this case , because merkel explicitly was against those countries closing their borders . 
  irrelevant to what i said . 
   yea , because the political commentators that you happen to listen to define reality . 
  come on . 
  [ there were quite a few articles like this one ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/merkel-davutoglu-wheeling-dealing-wrecks-eu-summit/ ) during that time . 
   the netherlands is gathering support among a group of eu countries for a plan to accept `` a couple hundred thousand refugees per year '' from turkey , in exchange for sending back all illegal migrants that arrive in greece . '', 
  it really does not matter who invented the deal . 
  what matters is that it was germany which finally pushed it through in the eu . 
   merkel was against other countries who closed their borders this does not even make sense . 
  other countries closing their borders might reduce the refugee flow , but it does not change anything for our politics . 
  i really love how you know about what is happening here politically when you obvieously do n't even live here . 
   and it was rutte who really insisted on the turkey deal fast . 
  that 's kind of funny because pretty much every polticial commentator said that this was essentially a deal written by merkel . 
   yes , because of pressure mainly from other eu countries . 
  nonsense . 
  there is no political will to admit another million people in germany . 
  completely independent from other eu countries . 
   also , germany admits about half a million non-eu immigrants ( not refugees ) each year as well . 
  has n't caused any troubles for us so far and is a completely different things than refugees . 
  he was simply asking about having a windscreen fitted mobile phone . 
  which is fine . 
  it is possible to have it there without infringing with the view of the driver . 
  it was n't . 
  read again . 
  \u00a7 23 1a stvo :  a person that is driving a vehicle is not allowed to operate a mobile telephone ( or car telephone ) if he or she needs to hold the phone or the handset in their hand to do so . 
  this does not apply if the vehicle is stationary and the motor is not running . 
  -  perfectly fine . 
  unless it is positioned in a way that the view of the driver is restricted . 
   increase salaries of public employees public employee salaries are rising by around 2.4 % annually .
