  germany had 400,000 aslyum applications in the first eight months of 2015 , all of them before merkels statement . 
  as i do not know what part of your quote you were talking about , i will give a short summary on both . 
  the uncitral transparency ensure that the isds cases are public in almost all areas , they will have to release most of the documents and the final decision ( which has sometimes not been the case until now ) . 
  it also gives some other benefits for a good process that can be tracked by the public . 
  what they can do : they can sue states if they have been discriminated . 
  the most prominent example would be if the government prefers a domestic company just based on its nationality . 
  they can also sue if the government changes laws which in effect severely undermines the business of a company despite having committed to the investments just shortly before that . 
  for example vattenfall vs. germany : the city council of hamburg promised vattenfall an operating license for a coal-powered power plant . 
  they even asked vattenfall to double the size of it - what they did . 
  after the election a few years later , the greens became part of a coalition government and introduced a few new laws on environmental protection that made the plant unprofitable while also denying them the full operating license that was promised to them . 
  the result of this isds case was not even a ` win ' for vattenfall - hamburg had to reduce the impact of the laws while vattenfall had to build some facilities that made the plant more environmental-friendly . 
  you seriously do not understand what you are talking about . 
  you are just repeating what the anti-ttip crowd is reporting every day . 
  isds courts are * not * secret as the uncitral transparency rules will be applied on ttip ( and ceta for that matter ) . 
  they can * not * sue if our current standards are hurting their business . 
  and no , we will not give up our independence by doing so . 
  we wont become a vassal of us companies either . 
  the instrument of isds is mainly used by * european * companies , not us ones , by the way . 
  there are countries that are worse off than saudi-arabia . 
  there is no country that has a cheaper oil production price , they could remain profitable even at 25 dollars/barrel . 
  sa still has currency reserves that are larger than russias while being a much smaller country . 
  what is straining their budget is their current military activity combined with total military spending close to germany , 10 % of their gdp . 
  if it is a good deal , it will bring more prosperity to the eu , increase our quality of life and ensure that we will have more and better goods to choose from while increasing our influence in the world . 
  if it is a bad deal , it could be the opposite . 
  which is why we have to ensure that we get a good deal . 
  meaning that we will have to shoot down bad ones . 
  woah , slow there . 
  they have * signed * the deal , but it still needs to be ratified by the national parliaments . 
  for the impact it will have - only time will tell . 
  as i said time and time again , we should not judge before we know the final draft . 
  if it is benefitial to us , lets do it , if not , then not . 
  some abstract fear that we * might * fall behind asia must not serve as an argument for signing a deal that is bad for us . 
  some gas stations offer adblue like regular fuel . 
  i have never met someone in the ` green ' german territories that did not use the word ` hand ' . 
  the number for germany is actually even higher if we talk about antisemitic crimes per jewish citizen . 
  the uk and france both have significant more jewish citizens . 
  i would like to know what qualifies as ` hate crime ' here however . 
  well , i suppose it only does good for both sides . 
   prior to the escalation of sanctions against iran , germany , france , the united kingdom and italy were among iran 's largest trade partners . 
  this goes both ways , by the way . 
  in the 70s , iran was the # 2 trading partner outside europe for germany , behind only the us . 
   georgia has ensured that both countries will speed their way as fast as possible into the arms of the west georgia wanted to affiliate itself with the west even before the agression . 
  same for ukraine ( well , somewhat ) . 
   furthermore , his actions have increased the strain on russia which -- despite seeming to increase his popularity at the time being -- increases the chance of the russian federation splitting up . 
  the risk of it is marginal though . 
  of course i am aware of that . 
  however putin is no fool . 
  he will ensure that he does not piss off the us too much . 
  i wasnt . 
  while my wording was a bit drastic , i think in essence i was right . 
  according to obama , assads removal is essential for a peaceful syria . 
  which correlates with the categoritazion of assad . 
  this however might ` just ' be making arrangements for the current military actions of russia . 
  to prevent interference with the forces . 
  i doubt that they are already talking about a ` solution ' for syria . 
  football . 
  my point is that what you claimed  the rest of the parties have finally signalled their willingness to let assad be part of a transitional government is wrong . 
  iran is not willing to let assad fall , turkey is not intested in a transition phase with assad and russia is not interested in letting the regime fall . 
  the us do not only want assad gone but the regime . 
  how can this serve as a basis for negotiations ? 
  everyone wants something different . 
  the ` agreement ' between the parties is much slimmer than you post indicates . 
   i 'd just like to know why the russian 's have clearly chosen to speak with the us but not the eu about strikes . 
  because its the main interference . 
  air strikes of russia have already hit the camps of us-trained rebels . 
   it 's inevitable . 
  trying to pretend otherwise will just make us look like a joke . 
  not really . 
  you still are the single most important military power on this continent . 
  the cultural influence of the uk is still extremely large . 
   would you really ? 
  because our idea of playing a more active role in the eu would be us much more jealously guarding our own interests and resisting attempts at subverting our national sovereignty . 
  when many eu enthusiasts talk about the uk playing a much greater role , what they really mean is that the uk should just shut up and unquestioningly accept every demand from other eu countries and hand over yet more money , no matter how detrimental to our interests . 
  yes , i would . 
  as i have stated elsewhere , i dont care whether the uk goes for deeper eu integration or not . 
  however i would greatly appreciate it if the uk stepped up its game and actively participated in shaping the eu again . 
  i dont want a eu that is solely dominated by germany , but there are only two countries that can act as a counterweight to germany - the uk and france . 
  it is not necessary that you pursue with all your policies , however offering a good alternative to the other states would greatly benefit the eu ( and you aswell ) . 
  it is certainly a better approach than not acting at all and whining about the decisions that were made in the ` absence ' of the uk . 
   i disagree , i feel that we 're in a perfect position . 
  there 's nothing that says a relatively large country can not adopt a non-interventionist foreign policy . 
  we 're in the perfect geographical position too , on an island and a good distance from the world 's trouble spots . 
  i agree with the geographical position , however i still think you are too large for it . 
  i 'd say it depends on the other negotiating parties . 
   but only because the white house intended it to be . 
  they do n't want to intervene and will look for any excuse not to . 
  but they want to seem like they 're doing something . 
  that would be some next level plot . 
  maybe they just fucked up . 
   as for fabius , he has said that it was a mistake for the u.s. not to attack assad ( source [ 2 ] ) . 
  in light of the alleged use of chemical warfare . 
  a red line drawn by the us . 
   the hollande administration has been far more hawkish [ 3 ] on syria & iran than the obama administration . 
  do you have a mirror ? 
   speaking at the u.n. general assembly , obama described assad as a tyrant and as the chief culprit behind the four-year civil war in which at least 200,000 people have died and millions have been driven from their homes internally or abroad as refugees . 
  i was paraphrasing , probably `` root of all evil '' is a bit over the top . 
   in our election in may , foreign policy was barely mentioned . 
  thats a general trend though . 
  the uk focuses more and more on itself , its impact on europe and the world shrinking more and more . 
  whether that is a good thing or not ... well i for one would appreciate the uk being more active in the eu .
