  however i do think that this would be a waste of money . 
  we can build a regular line . 
  we do not need to double the cost to get it underground . 
  funfact : the north-south line will be underground in exactly one area : gabriel 's constituency . 
   plus , do n't we already a plan in place to increase infrastructure spending by 50 % in the coming years ? 
  well . 
  we are increasing spending from 10 billion annually to 15 billion . 
  problem is that this is a fixed amount that will stay the same for the next decade and it wo n't adapt to inflation . 
  if you take inflation into account , the increase is not as significant as it might seem . 
  as always , it is stupid to spend to reach a specific spending goal . 
  it would be the right policy to spend according to what is required to ensure that we have a proper infrastructure . 
  spending for the sake of spending wo n't get us anywhere . 
  and it likely wo n't pay off . 
  this is not a cost issue however . 
  actually we are not . 
  the trade balance surplus essentially means that we are hoarding ious of other countries . 
  i was n't taking about referees in general , just about this specific match . 
  well , who cares . 
  i think pretty much all of his decisions were justified and fair ( apart from one yellow card maybe , but whatever , mistakes happen ) . 
  people who try to blame it on the referee are just bad sports . 
  nothing about nationality really . 
  if you truly believe that the wehrmacht was `` as clean as it gets '' you should really read up on them . 
  the story of the wehrmacht being ` clean ' is a lie . 
  they committed war crimes as well . 
  and the number of these incidents is not exactly small . 
  yes , there have been soldiers who fought without ideology , there have been army leaders who have resisted orders to carry out war crimes . 
  yet the german troops as a whole can not ever serve as a blueprint or motivational history any more . 
  i think that this chapter is closed for us . 
  the bundeswehr does not stand in the tradition of the wehrmacht or the reichswehr . 
  could n't have worded it better . 
  well , yeah . 
  but that 's a different issue in my opinion . 
  well , they were germans but not leaders of a german nation . 
  that 's the problem i have with these mentions . 
  he ruled for a whole four months . 
  which is insufficient for being depicted as a `` leader '' in my opinion . 
  yes , his speech 1918 was impactful . 
  but the rest of europe was only indirectly affected . 
  well , yeah . 
  i am talking about two aspects here : the way he talks is very recent ( intonation etc. ), 
  and does not match audio recordings from people of that time . 
  it mainly resembles the way the narrator of a video game talks . 
  in my opinion , the voice also does not match the appearance . 
  it was often claimed that bismarck had a falsetto voice but these claims have been debunked . 
  given that there is , as you said , only one ( shitty ) recording of bismarcks voice , it gives the game developer plenty of room for interpretation . 
  and i simply think that they have n't done a good job with it . 
  interesting . 
  brandt would be by far the most recent leader in the game and the same would be true for the country specifications . 
  still makes him a failure in my mind . 
  it does not matter why his rule was n't successful , what matters is that his rule simply was n't a success . 
  there were no important policy changes during his period as chancellor , no nothing . 
  it was a bit of standstill , more of the same . 
  what would be your choice then ? 
  i simply fail to see a good alternative due to our short history . 
  the list is made even shorter since you can essentially take weimar out of the equation . 
   like erhard as leader if you want an image of germany that is closer to the modern germany . 
  ludwig erhard was a failure as chancellor and it is questionable if he really deserves credit for the economic miracle that is often attributed to his policies . 
  who would you select then ? 
  i can totally get behind you criticism , but to be fair most of the other leaders are n't representative of the current societies of these countries either . 
  i would prefer bismarck to hitler or kwii in a heartbeat . 
  kw1 is connected to similar things as bismarck and he is in fact directly connected * to * bismarcks rule . 
  during the whole weimar republic , not even a handful of rulers stayed in office for more than a year . 
  wilhelm marx and stresemann being the most significant ones . 
  but neither of them really had an impact on europe or the world . 
  if you look at presidents - you pretty much only have ebert and hindenburg . 
  it really is a difficult choice . 
  well , and you do n't live here . 
  as i have explained , there is no significant rise in crime and this is all that matters . 
   but i guess that would have triggered censorship in germany you are free to depict hitler in germany . 
  the only thing that is a bit complicated is the use of the svastika . 
   if what he did is horrible to today standard . 
  has there ever been a time where what he did was acceptable ? 
  what matters is that the crimes rates have not increased drastically despite all the arrivals . 
  there is one area of crime that saw a significant increase - burglary . 
  but that is due to eastern european criminal groups acting here . 
  i think i am quite pleased with selecting bismarck . 
  germany as a united country is n't that old and most leaders following bismark were either complete lunatics or irrelevant beyond our country . 
  our modern day ( post-1945 ) leaders do not really fit the theme of the game . 
  depiction : i think the real facial expression was a little more strict yet softer at the same time . 
  i do n't really like the voice acting . 
  the uniform is okay i guess . 
  first of all , i have never claimed that these numbers have no meaning at all , i simply stated that they do not tell the full story . 
  and about your different nationalities : it is more about looks than statehood . 
  and about what is attributed to various groups . 
  you do realize that this statistic only talks about suspects and not about the people that eventaully got prosecuted ? 
  non-nationals are generally more likely to be seen as suspects . 
  well , apart from the fact that there are no `` ten thousand rapes '' . 
  stats dont lie . 
  oh they finally got one ? 
  took some time . 
  iirc , blair called for one over a decade ago and was denied the budget . 
  it is kind of funny how you can not point at any specific details but stay as vague as possible , about it being `` unethical '' . 
  all the agreement is available , there is nothing extremely fishy in there . 
  i am sorry , but that 's how it is . 
  you have made the wildest claims here ( `` the negotiators do not understand the agreement '' ) yet fail to come up with * any * kind of source . 
  i think all players have always been pretty clear about isds . 
  in fact , it is the one point everyone talked about the most . 
  how can you come to the conclusion that these would be `` obfiscation attempts '' ? 
  well , no shit . 
  both sides are preparing for talks .
