  the imf is only responsible towards its members who want to see that the imf sticks to its rules and doesnt ignore them because of political reasons . 
  the credibility of the imf would suffer more if they stopped enforcing their rules . 
  examples of outdated stuff : *  500 leo 1 * ~ 200 m60 * 385 m48 * most of your frigates are over 35 years old * most of your submarines are between 35 and 45 years old . 
  * your government just said that they are thinking about replacing the old g3s * 121 phantoms some of the stuff mentioned might already be decomissioned since the english sources are not totally up to date . 
  many of the mentioned remain as reserve . 
  i know that you still have a lot of up-to date stuff which is , as you said , the most expensive stuff . 
  however i was just commenting on the number merhandus mentioned . 
  you own 350 leo 2 , the rest of the mentioned 1600 tanks is mainly outdated ( for example ) . 
  alright , i didnt know that . 
  the problem with military cuts is - operating the equipment is by far not as costly as paying the people that operate it . 
  if you get rid of equipment and dont replace it , you get a lot of soldiers that suddenly dont have anything to do anymore . 
  if you reduce the strength of your army , you will face the same problems you have with pension cuts - people will have less money . 
  i think greece does not really want even more people out of work . 
  i think we can agree that , even if some of the consequences might not be as dire as they would have been a few years back , it will certainly not be benefitial to anyone and will pose important questions and problems on boths sides . 
  most of that equipment is outdated however . 
  perfect point to cut - simply dont replace some parts of it . 
  we do not exactly know the reason why the imf shot down this deal . 
  the imf opposes ` bartering ' , whatever this means here . 
  honestly , the imf is pretty much sticking to their rules . 
  everybody knew that the imf was strict and that it is not allowed to give loans when they do not see the loan repayed . 
  this proposal , by the way , came from juncker , with the backing of merkel and hollande while greece agreed with it . 
  the imf said that they didnt shoot down any proposal . 
  the same article also mentioned that everybody , including the imf agreed on putting the surplus target to 0.8 % but lagarde withdrew her approval on the next day . 
  the imf was invited by the germans and others because they wanted it to play hardball . 
  they were afraid that the commission alone would probably make too much concessions to greece . 
  also , academics that emigrate usually dont rely on work benefits . 
  the most important drain of people is usually amongst doctors of these countries , and doctors are wanted almost everywhere . 
  lets hope it doesnt get that grim . 
   germany needs a currency at or on par with the dollar we certainly profit from a low-rated currency however we could very much live with a ` worse ' exchange rate . 
  a few years ago , 1.30 $ / $ was deemed optimal for our industry . 
  and we certainly did pretty well despite the rate being between 1,40 and 1,50 after 2008 . 
  the valuation of a ` northern ' euro would be highly dependent on whether france would be part of it or not ( however generally france is supposed to lead a possible southern euro ) . 
  the problem is - we could live with a slow increase of the currency , but we could not live with the exchange rates skyrocketing , like it would be the case if we suddenly reintroduced the mark . 
   that 's simply the end of germany 's exports we have always exported a lot , even when we still had the mark . 
  yes , it would decrease ( a lot ) , but it would not be the end of the exporting nation germany . 
  in conclusion , you are generally right , however we do not need parity . 
  of course it would be foolish to think that a grexic would have no impact on the world market whatsoever . 
  the comparison with lehman brothers is a bit inappropriate in my opinion . 
  nobody expected them to fail and nobody was prepared for such a thing . 
  this is quite the opposite in the case of greece . 
  everybody is making plans for the case of a grexit , including the ecb , the imf and other important institutions aswell as the major players on the world stage ( even though most wont admit it ) . 
  the lehman shock could maybe have prevented with the us just stabilizing the bank before it failed . 
  pretty much what has been done with the greek debt - the financial institutes of the world are not that exposed to greece anymore , the states holding the debt will likely be able to cope with the consequences . 
  then again , you can be prepared as good as possible , things can still go ( terribly ) wrong . 
  we should not take the threat of a grexit light-hearted just because we think we are prepared . 
  for the second part , i agree with you . 
   `` but not only is time running out , but so too is patience across europe '' this is not exactly news . 
  this has been said for over half a year now . 
  while i agree that some of the requests concerning primary surplus are too high for greece , the comparison of 440 million is not exactly fair . 
  there is no real difference between greece defaulting on its debts and greece never being able to pay back the debts due to not having a significant surplus . 
  yes , we have a lot of unknown variables . 
  nobody has ever done such a thing and nobody knows what would come after it . 
  however i do think that the contamination risk of the european economies exposed to a possible grexit has been greatly reduced in the last years . 
  while the fundamentals are not sound by any means , they are a lot better than in greece . 
   this seems to be a huge gamble for germany especially actually , germany would be better off than many other european states . 
  yes , we would have to take a lions share of the money lost , however our financial background is a lot more sound than in many other european states . 
  france would likely suffer more than we . 
  our exports to greece are below 5 billion dollars ( this is less than 0,3 % of our exports ) and we will ` profit ' from cheaper greek exports . 
  the economic losses of a grexit for germany is around 100 billion dollars over a few years . 
   the subsequent geopolitical issues may drag germany into a very costly future a grexit does not cause greece to immediately align with russia and it wont prompt a war . 
  even a russian military base in greece would not force us to greatly improve our military spending ( we should improve it nevertheless ) . 
  we do not even know if greece would leave the eu in case of a grexit . 
  the imports of greece would take a big hit for sure , however not completely stop . 
  since a large portion of the greek savings is already stored somewhere else in the euro area , people would still have access to ` solid ' money , reducing the effects of a devalued drachma . 
  greeces imports are about 50 billion dollars in total , not exactly worrisome for the rest of the euro zone . 
  the nation exporting the most to greece is actually russia ( over 10 % of greek imports ) , further reducing the impact for the rest of europe . 
  a 5 % hit is very unlikely . 
  yes , russia is willing to subsidize their oil prices if they can gain something from it . 
  belarus is probably the most prominent example . 
  nevertheless , i do not believe that russia would be willing to trade oil for drachmas , a currency that will likely see drops that dwarf the ruble losses . 
  the importance of ` political support ' highly depends on greece staying in the eu even after a grexit . 
   it might be even more that is the opposite of what i was saying . 
  i had a look at recent sources , they differ a lot . 
  standart & poors calculates with about 300 billion , other calculations say something about over three trillion dollars , however these extremely high numbers are based on a grexit greatly impacting the other pii ( g ) s , something all rating agencies say is extremely unlikely to happen . 
   thursday 17 may 2012 that is all that has to be said about this . 
  the calculation of 1tn $ includes severe harm to the economy/borrowing rates of the other pii ( g ) s , something that is a lot less likely now . 
   in the occasion they do leave the eurozone , they can get very cheap gas and oil from russia not exactly that cheap when oil is traded in dollar and your currency goes down the drain . 
  can you link that source that says 1 trillion ? 
  i deem this highly unrealistic . 
  given better circumstances it should be very much possible to cut pensions without shrinking the gdp though . 
  greece is not in this situation , nevertheless if you keep overspending on pensions , you will never get to a balanced budget if you dont see huge income increases in other areas . 
  this is however not entirely concentrated on pensions . 
  even if the pensions were spared , the gdp of greece would be shrinking at the moment . 
  if your gdp is shrinking but the pension payments stay the same , the ( relative ) expenditures are rising . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39pp06/france_begins_nuclear_bailout/ this article directly links towards your report . 
  true , but you have to start somewhere to escape ever rising expenditures . 
  snowden is on a totally different level than assange for the us . 
  also , doesnt assange have some serious medical issues ? 
  fortunately this sub is pretty much smiley-free . 
  * xd :d  ) ) ) ) ^ ^ for good measure, 
  i think smileys are nice in a personal chat with a friend , however i really dislike the use of them in ` public ' . 
  i got rid of these hats because a girl i liked really disliked them . 
  it also makes text look a lot more serious . 
  personal story aside , you are right ( and i am somewhat annoyed by these hats , however each to their own ) . 
  i was . 
  ~ ~ we are still above greece or poland , amongst others . 
  and no , the uk is below 2.1 for over a decade now . 
  it doesnt look much different in most other countries . ~ ~, 
  over 20 % of our population has a migrant background , it doesnt sound that unlikely . 
  and by the way - no european country fulfills the 2.1 fertility rate criteria , ~ ~ all growth that is reached currently will be migration . ~ ~ also , how do you get to a quarter ?
