  i think a lot of your eastern european neighbors do not share this view . 
  well , this is per year , not in total . 
  it is delusional to believe that you can fix all your streets in one year . 
  this has nothing to do with racism . 
  listing facts can hardly be called ` racism ' . 
  you claim that you would have been better off without the eu , yet you fail to bring any reliable argument that supports your claim . 
  there are also a lot of people in the former gdr who say ` the reunification was shit , we were doing so well ' . 
  looking at the economic data , they werent . 
  people tend to glorify the past more than it deserves it . 
  well , reddit is a somewhat nice substitute ( even though it goes into one direction most of the time ) , however this is not the source of news for 99 % of the population . 
  and how did that change to the worse because of the eu ? 
  and well , i guess it is subjective , but the gdp/ppp/capita in bulgaria is amongst the lowest in whole europe , far worse than poland & co. 
  of course it is speculation . 
  simply because we have no possibility to see how it would have went otherwise . 
  however , do you have * any * facts that indicate it would have been better without the eu ? 
  all that i wrote was about reasons of a decrease of eu approval amongst the eu citizens , they do not need to correlate with reality necessarily . 
  the ` they ' was directed at ezb and eu . 
  this was not my own opinion . 
  i am pretty capable of realizing who did what , however it is a bit hard to grasp if you just follow the national media narrative . 
  this is actually a way of the national states to prevent giving more power to the eu ( parliament ) . 
  if the eu had a larger democratic legitimacy , it would somewhat ` force ' a shift of power towards it , many of the national lawmakers ( especially yours ) dont like that . 
  well denmark * can * partly . 
  they have their opt-outs . 
  i am not that certain about the easteu . 
  yes , you would have been able to create a policy more fitting towards your ` circumstances ' , however there would have been a severe lack of funds . 
  it doesnt matter who decided it . 
  juncker and draghi both represent ` european ' institutions , and while a lot of the blame was put on germany , they are somewhat held accountable for the crisis management . 
  all that matters is what the ordinary people think , and certainly the crisis has lowered the respect for the eu institutions in my opinion . 
  edit : this is not my * own * opinion . 
  i am pretty aware that a lot of this is wrong . 
  this however is a problem of democratic accountability , not of bureaucracy . 
  nevertheless , they are not less democratic than any given minister ( in most countries ) . 
  since many european states have coalition governments , they do not have ` shadow cabinets ' like you do . 
  people elect a party , and the leader of the party will appoint the ministers afterwards , it is rare that it is published who is supposed to be what prior to the election . 
  so in that way , it works pretty much the same way with the commissioner . 
  dont get me wrong , i think that the current eu is far from optimal , however i think brussels is getting a lot of flak for things that are not true ( bureaucracy ) or things that are out of their hand . 
   more or less . 
  over 10 million eastern europeans got better living standards by leaving eastern europe for western europe . 
  nobody claimed that the living standard in eastern europe was equal to the west . 
  however , i am pretty certain that it would have been worse without eu participation . 
  the eu is not more bureaucratic than any given national state , actually . 
  it is just that you do not realize it because you are usually not confronted with large parts of your own bureaucracy while the eu is constantly in the spotlight . 
  politicians like to claim eu success for themselves and blame their own failures on the ` evil ' eu . 
  people are generally infuriated by transfers of power towards europe , because it seems to be an abstract construct of bureaucrats without democratic legitimacy . 
  and last but not least , the greek crisis was n't exactly a perfect example of good crisis management . 
  you should add a flair maybe . 
  doubt that this is possible in this occasion . 
  this film is just another excellent example how my country butchers film titles . 
  the german title would roughly translate to `` charlie cashes millions '' . 
  you can circumvent that by opening in incognito mode , at leaast this worked for me . 
  nevertheless , here is the text . 
   german government divided over greece by jan hildebrand and barbara gillmann greece 's prime minister has already fired the more radical members of his government , after letting go his finance minister two weeks ago . 
  could germany 's angela merkel be forced to do the same ? 
   angela merkel was understandably cautious in her response : `` nobody came to me and asked for any kind of dismissal , '' the german chancellor said in an interview with public broadcaster ard on sunday . 
  the question was about wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , her finance minister and fellow christian democratic party ( cdu ) member , who in an interview with germany 's der spiegel magazine on sunday said he was prepared to resign if ever forced to take a position on greece that he did n't agree with . 
  `` we have a joint result , and the finance minister will now lead these negotiations just as i will , '' ms. merkel said . 
  she added , firmly : `` we will now work together in this coalition and of course together in the [ christian democratic ] union . '' these words were aimed as much at her fiercely independent finance minister as anyone else , and were designed to smooth over the massive gulf of opinion within her own party over greece . 
  the issue of greece , and whether or not the troubled country deserves its third bailout in five years to stave off bankruptcy , has opened up a chasm in ms. merkel 's governing coalition . 
  on the one side is mr. sch\u00e4uble and the right wing of the cdu party . 
  while ms. merkel says a `` grexit '' has been off the table since euro zone leaders agreed to give greece a third , final bailout last week , her finance minister believes it remains very much in the cards . 
  on the other side is ms. merkel 's junior coalition partner , the social democrats , led by deputy chancellor and economics minister sigmar gabriel . 
  sources in berlin say that the relationship between mr. sch\u00e4uble and mr. gabriel has been irreparably damaged by the greece crisis . 
  while ms. merkel says a ` grexit ' has been off the table since euro zone leaders agreed to give greece a third , final bailout last week , her finance minister believes it remains very much in the cards . 
  for now , ms. merkel 's coalition is holding . 
  the german parliament , the bundestag , voted overwhelmingly on friday in favor of the e.u. 
  starting talks with greece over a third bailout aimed at keeping greece inside the 19-nation currency bloc . 
  the vote removed a final stumbling block , allowing e.u. 
  negotiators to this week get down to the business of ironing out the details of the bailout package . 
  but , like mr. sch\u00e4uble , many parliamentarians remain hugely skeptical that the negotiations will really bear fruit . 
  significantly 65 members of the cdu did not back the government on friday in the greek vote . 
  there remain serious doubts in germany over whether greece will follow through with harsh structural reforms that europeans have demanded , but which athens believes are detrimental to its economy . 
  greek prime minister alexis tsipras last weekend agreed to the demands of greece 's creditors in exchange for starting talks on a third bailout that could total $ 86 billion . 
  it was a decision that cost him the support of much of his own left-wing syriza party . 
  over the weekend he was forced to re-organize his own government by firing ministers that opposed the new bailout 's harsh terms . 
  mr. tsipras had already let go his outspoken finance minister , yanis varoufakis , earlier this month , who resigned just one day after the greek public voted overwhelmingly against the austerity path demanded by creditors in a referendum on july 5 . 
  will ms. merkel be forced to fire her finance minister too ? 
  most political observers believe this is unlikely . 
  but it is clear that mr. sch\u00e4uble , germany 's finance minister since 2009 and a one-time challenger of ms. merkel 's for leadership of the cdu party , has done his best in the past few weeks to make life difficult for his boss . 
  `` it is part of democracy that one can have differences of opinion , '' mr. sch\u00e4uble said in the spiegel interview published on friday , adding that nobody can force him to take a decision he did n't want to take . 
  `` if somebody were to try , i could go to the president and ask for my dismissal . '' the threat was clearly aimed at ms. merkel -- a warning that he would not tolerate any and every decision on greece -- even if mr. sch\u00e4uble later in the same interview , asked if he was really thinking about tendering his resignation , responded : `` what gives you that idea ? `` for many outside observers , mr. sch\u00e4uble 's tough line on greece has undermined the european ideal . 
  they argue that the austerity conditions attached to two bailouts worth $ 240 billion have saddled greece with unsustainable debt and no hope of recovery . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble insists that debt relief is not compatible with membership of the euro zone , and he has suggested that if greece is to really cut its debt burden it needs to exit the common currency . 
  for mr. sch\u00e4uble , this threat is n't just about being tough on greece . 
  it 's about forcing athens to stick to the rules that govern the 19-nation euro zone -- rules that have been broken far too many times in the past . 
  anything else will undermine the future stability of the currency area . 
  `` europe is close to his heart , '' insisted one confidant of the finance minister , who declined to be named . 
  the message , in mr. sch\u00e4uble 's mind , is that he 's even willing to risk his job for it . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble also knows that his threat poses a significant problem for ms. merkel . 
  while the finance minister may be vilified abroad , he is more popular than ever with the public and with members of his own political party . 
  `` at the moment he feels he is number 1 on the greek question . 
  however , he is only the favorite of the germans on this one point , '' said gero neugebauer , a politics professor at the free university in berlin . 
  mr. neugebauer cautioned that he does n't expect mr. sch\u00e4uble to resign . 
  `` if he resigned , then he would be acting against his own belief , that he is a servant , that he is in the government for the party , and that he is not there to satisfy his own vanity , '' mr. neugebauer said . 
  but should mr. sch\u00e4uble decide at any point to withdraw his backing of a third bailout package for greece , ms. merkel would have a full-blown rebellion on her hands . 
  indeed his call to keep the idea of `` grexit '' alive has resonated with the many members of his own party who , like him , chose to provisionally back negotiations over a third bailout in friday 's parliamentary vote . 
  `` i wish the negotiations success , but not at any price , '' g\u00fcnther kirchbaum , a cdu parliamentarian and head of the bundestag 's committee on european issues , told handelsblatt . 
  mr. kirchbaum added that a grexit remained an option for him , too , even if he voted in favor of starting the negotiations . 
  he called the friday bundestag vote `` the toughest i 've had to make as a parliamentarian . '' while ms. merkel has done her best to gloss over the differences in her own party , her junior coalition partner in government , the social democrats , are hoping to benefit from the ruckus . 
  sigmar gabriel , head of the spd and the country 's vice chancellor , called it a `` gigantic conflict '' between mr. sch\u00e4uble and ms. merkel . 
  mr. gabriel 's own relationship with the finance minister is in tatters : `` mr.
