  how often do i need to repeat myself ? 
  i do not have a problem with granting them additional power if it means ensuring fair processes . 
  if my elected representatives use their power to disriminate foreign companies despite them having agreed not to , then why not ? . 
  you are phrasing it in a way that makes this change entirely negative . 
   they already have that power in domestic courts . 
  giving them more power for no conceivable domestic gain is bad . 
  discrimination can originate from courts . 
   should all cases involving foreigners be handled by international courts ? 
  no , because arbitration is only cost-effective when dealing with larger sums . 
  ` normal ' people also usually do not sue the state . 
   when a company is doing business in a country by the laws of that country , there 's no reason the courts of that country ca n't handle the case . 
  there is . 
   if political risk insurance is `` too expensive '' , then obviously the problems with the domestic judiciary are n't all that significant . 
  what ? 
  i am not underestimating the gravity of this scandal . 
  however claiming that the silicon valley is going to buy the big german carmakers ... well its not going to happen . 
  vw is owned by the porsche holding that has not interest in selling their shares ( in fact they increased their share just a few days ago ) . 
  the german family quandt holds almost 50 % of bmw shares . 
  mercedes will likely not be bought . 
  so how is his statement right ? 
   i do n't know why you think something happening in the past means that it will continue to happen in the exact same way forever and in all situations . 
  the circumstances have not changed . 
  why should it differ ? 
   companies bringing borderline cases against countries that they ca n't afford to risk fighting . 
  again , that is nothing that affects the possible participiants of ttip . 
   you 're the one claiming that this is an issue , you tell me . 
  please be specific . 
  [ johnson , gimblett : from gunboats to bits : the evolution of modern internation investment law ] ( https://www.cov.com/files/publication/94b15e88-5981-4e23-844c-a5b6484d0b9e/presentation/publicationattachment/b2c6cf12-df61-4019-9c89-15743df0fc18/from_gunboats_to_bits_evolution_of_modern_international_investment_law.pdf )  i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  what 's the point of isds if the changes to the balance of power are insignificant ? 
  you are misinterpreting me . 
  by insignificant i mean that they do not gain powers that are severly injustified . 
  if they are brought into the position where they are dealt with like a domestic company , we are fine . 
  however ` just ' the normal judiciary system is not capable of ensuring that . 
   you can say it 's not `` about '' that all you want , the fact remains that the result is to give foreign corporations more power against domestic governments . 
  power to contest discrimination is not bad . 
   then it ca n't be fixed by isds and is not an argument in favour of it . 
  otherwise please send some of your unbiased isds judges to our domestic courts . 
  the point you are making is stupid . 
  unlike national judges , the isds arbitrators are usually of a different nationality than the parties in the case that he or she is dealing with . 
  the participiants have the right to deny arbitrators if they think that he or she is affiliated with either party . 
  also : regular judges are judging in cases that directly affects their state while they at the same time are abody of said state . 
  its a conflict of interest . 
   in their legal systems , they are not used to being able to cut deals , say , with prosecutors if they volunteer information . 
  another preferred avenue to reduce penalties against oneself -- helping prosecutors to finger others who may have perpetrated the same illegal acts -- is even much culturally bewildering . 
  this is actually so wrong . 
  of course these principles apply here . 
   no carmaker can be strong globally if its presence in the u.s. market -- other than with the niche label porsche and the medium luxury brand audi -- is weak . 
  the us is overestimating its importance again . 
  the share of vws ( and audis ) sold in the us is way below 10 % of the cars they sold globally . 
   the u.s. is all the more critical for vw as the company 's once rather phenomenal success in the chinese market has ebbed off . 
  for growth , yes . 
   jail time for the managers who were in charge of this practice , certainly the ones who oversaw u.s. operations , are likely . 
  depends on their nationality . 
  if they are german - not gon na happen as germany does not extradite its own citizens . 
   on the face of it , vw 's former ceo martin winterkorn has a good chance to end up in a german jail -- for securities fraud . 
  highly doubtful . 
    that is an unmistakable message in the direction of german prosecutors . 
  the road to true redemption requires a real clean-up on the home front , if for no other reason than to improve the `` sanitary '' environment in which business is conducted . 
  prosecution in germany is actually none of the business of the us . 
  we dont prosecute for political reasons . 
   against that challenge , the market reality that german carmakers have now become even cheaper to buy for silicon valley firms is this guy serious ? 
   it 's kind of absurd to claim to be able to predict the number of cases we will see in the future combined with the financial states of every country in the future . 
  you do n't know how this will play out in every situation in perpetuity , and you 're opening up more risk for companies to abuse the system . 
  actually we can . 
  the us has investment treaties with countries that have legal systems that are a lot less reliable than ours , politics that are way less reliable than ours . 
  yet the number of isds cases brought by us companies has been manageable to say the least . 
  what `` abuse '' are you talking about by the way ? 
   damage them how ? 
  one state is actively interfering with decisions of another state . 
  what could go wrong ? 
   foreign companies do n't have enough leverage in domestic courts , so we need to give them special courts where they have more leverage against our governments . 
  i know you do n't like phrasing it this way , but that 's what you 're advocating . 
  if they are discriminated , we have to ensure that we somehow prevent this . 
  if that means increasing their leverage , so be it . 
  this however does not mean that their power over the government significantly increases . 
   i do n't know about you , but i do n't often look at the state of affairs in my country and think `` you know who needs more power against my government ? 
  foreign corporations . '', 
  it 's just not a problem that needs solving . 
  its not about exercising power against the government . 
  it is about fair treatment . 
  less than 10 % of isds cases are brought against legislative action ( and those 10 % cases have rarely , if ever , been successful ) . 
  the isds cases that are brought forth and successful are usually adressed at discrimination of a foreign companies to favor a local one . 
  if we commit to equal treatment of both sides ( which is essential for the trade agreement ) , we have to ensure that we live up to these principles . 
   so fix the domestic courts . 
  as i said . 
  this can not be fixed . 
  it is innate to jury systems and it is not possible to completely prevent judges being biased . 
   are we opening ourselves to additional risk of such ? 
  yes . 
  debateable , especially as we are talking about developed , large economies here . 
   buy political risk insurance . 
  makes it a hell lot more expensive . 
   all european countries can afford to fight indefinite amounts of cases ? 
  we will simply not see indefinite amounts of cases . 
  so far , we had 650 isds cases over 50 years . 
  the number of isds cases has been stable during the last years . 
  us companies are not going on a rampage against states that they hold bits with ( eu companies are much more ` active ' in bringing isds cases . 
  t  and you think that there 's a risk of going back to this without the ttip ? 
  not gunboat policy , but i think it is possible that it could damage state-state relations . 
   so basically it comes down to : foreign corporations do n't have enough leverage in domestic courts .
