  most of the bailout money never entered greece , but that was never the point of it . 
  the money that was ` covered ' by the bailout money however * did * enter greece at an earlier point in time . 
   going back to the drachma is the only possible way to increase exports and become competitive again or , well you know , become competitive by creating swift and slim authorithies , creating an independent and reliable judiciary , increasing attractiveness for investors ? 
  all that stuff that every country can do , that is not a devaluated currency ? 
  yup . 
  it was all europe that was preventing greece from building up a competitive industry that exports valuable goods everywhere . 
  i know that greek officials attended this meeting . 
  however , how is a referendum 24 hours before the opening more benefitial than a referendum 8 days before the opening ? 
  how is that of relevance ? 
  well , you obviously enjoy doing exactly what you mentioned in your post . 
  you just wrote a large paragraph that contained nothing but unfounded criticism of a statement . 
  i seriously do not get what your problem is with my statement . 
  the sources you posted did nothing but confirm what i wrote . 
  senior german officials argued * against * qe . 
  yet , a weak euro benefits the german economy . 
  show me what is wrong with that statement . 
  my statement was a reaction to people claiming that germany is the only one profiting from the euro because it is undervalued for us . 
  i do not dispute that germany is benefitting but i dispute that germany is the * only * one benefitting and i dispute that germany meant the euro to develop this way . 
  vetos are still pretty useful , there are still decisions that require unanimity of votes . 
  exiting the eu would severly harm relationships , however it is one thing to separate because you can not find an agreement and quite another thing if you separate because one party is forcefully sabotaging the relationship and paralyzes a supranational institution by doing so . 
  i am not that sure about a third program . 
  greece blackmailing europe by using its veto on every eu decision would completely destroy any relationship with everybody in the eu . 
  if anything , it would make debt relief more unlikely . 
  the eu wont allow greece to blackmail them into a haircut . 
  it makes it more likely that your bonds are bought and it also lowers the interest on them as they are ` protected ' by a more lender-friendy , reliable judiciary system . 
  the illusional belief that the lenders would give in in the last minute . 
  they obviously didnt , tsipras gambled and ` lost ' . 
  depends on where the bonds were issued . 
  if they are issued under a different jurisdiction , we could see the same stuff happen that we currently see in argentina . 
  since argentina somewhat set an example that it is in fact possible to demand payment even after a default , probably more people will hop on this train . 
  since much of that debt is owned by states however it is a different scenario . 
  european banks are not even involved in this . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  well , qe undoubtedly benfits germany . 
  economywise at least . 
  germany has always been in favor of a stable , hard currency . 
  nevertheless , since germany runs a large trade surplus , we benefit from a ` weak ' euro . 
  we do not have any natural resources , all we got is competitiveness . 
  i do not disagree that qe was needed . 
  i couldnt pay with this 1000 drachma note without having to burst into laughing . 
  i did never claim this . 
  over the course of the eu , greece had a huge influx of european money . 
  greece has ( to my knowledge ) always been a net reciever of eu funds . 
  greece already got a haircut . 
  the eu is certainly willing to pay for it , however not the price of 300 billion euros . 
  * the euro does not only bear benefits that are directly connected to being a ` cheap ' or ` expensive ' currency . 
  * the euro still befenits paneuropean trade relationships and investments , even now * pretty much everyone profitted from the euro at some point , including the pi ( i ) gs who were able to borrow at much lower costs that would have been appropriate . 
  * germany was not the driving force behind the current devaluation of the euro that benefits germany . 
  quite the opposite , you can not blame us for this . 
  * yes , we held our working costs artificially low for years , however at the current point , german wages are increasing faster than in any other major european economic power how is finlands economic suffering caused only by the euro ? 
   the elite in northern europe is so obsessed with punishing the misfortunate unfortunately we are talking about everyone besides greece here , not just northern europe . 
  i also disagree that the point of the measures is punishment . 
  yes , some of the measures did not hit their targets , were not suited or simply wrong . 
  however this was not the intention . 
  greece has proven time and time again that it is unwilling to improve/fix things without external pressure . 
   it 's sickening how the big banks get their reckless debts immediately socialized while ordinary greeks suffer for years on end . 
  the thing is : the debts would have been needed to become socialized no matter what . 
  no bank that held major greek shares would have been able to cope with a greek collapse . 
  the difference is that in the way it was done , the burden stayed with the greek people/state while otherwise the burden would directly have been shifted towards the taxpayers of germany/france or others . 
  call me heartless , but the debt was made to the advantage of the greek people , why would they ` deserve ' to have all of it written off ? 
  i am expecting to be downvoted for this . 
   and all this in the name of morality . 
  it was done more in the name of financial stability and the `` polluter pays ' principle '' . 
  the most important part about what / u/erynam said is the trade balance . 
  greece is historcally an importer nation that has to import virtually everything . 
  even one of their export goods , fuel , depens on the import of oil . 
  if they happen do devaluate their currency , which would naturally happen , all of their imports would get super expensive , thus killing the economy . 
  i do not think the eu wants greece out , nor do i. 
  however , if it is not possible to work successfully with the greek government , for whatever reasons , the eu would prefer greece to leave over their geopolitical importance . 
  yes , there are no laws to kick someone out of the eu , however if the relationship stops being advantageous for greece , they will leave . 
  leaving the eu * is * related . 
  greece exiting the eurozone combined with the public appearance of its representants in the last months is suited to destroy any basis for trust and thus a working relationship with the eu . 
  without this , a eu membership wont be workable anymore . 
  leaving the ez without leaving the eu would be a really tough task though . 
   the alternatives are politically realistic as long as there 's political will . 
  there is ** no ** political will for a larger scaled debt relief for greece , in none of the european capitals . 
   the reason as to why they are seemingly not viable , is because a political choice was made indoctrinate against them . 
  not really . 
  giving money to other countries/people is always highly controversial . 
   the bailout of the finance institutions holding much of greece 's debt no matter if it was rightfully done or not , a greek default a few years ago would have pulled large parts of other countries with it . 
   distributing much of the collateral throughout europe , via ecb 's liquidity injections ... 
  the ecb is independent . 
  as long as it sticks to its mandate , no politican has a say on that . 
  yes , the ecb coordinates with the politicians , but that is something different . 
   that was n't much of a political problem was it ? 
  it actually was . 
  granting loans in the first place was highly disputed . 
  there is a difference between lending and giving money however . 
  i do not dispute that greeces military and equipment is obviously too large for them . 
  however , it wont be the thing that brings in enough money to fix the lack of cash of greeces govt . 
  this was posted here like a month ago . 
  might have been a link in a thread . 
  debt relief wont go through any parliament of the lender nations . 
  10/10 would misread as murica again . 
   this guy knows a lot more than most of us here about economics and sees tsipras ' move as logical . 
  most krugman did was calling the european crisis management shit without showing any other way of dealing with it that was realistic ( economically and politically ) . 
  we are going to annex russia , turkey , norway and switzerland and others after completing a federation ? 
  it might happen that hora svat\u00e9 kate\u0159iny ( czech village ) will join germany at some point as increased coal mining will cut them off the czech infrastructure while they are still connected to germany . 
  i think this is what / r/europe does to you . 
  if a new proposal will be worse than the current one , it wont be `` punishment for disobedience '' but `` punishment for not doing the referendum one week earlier '' , which nobody but the greek government is to blame for .
