  i sincerely doubt that the uk would trade in unsc favors for trade conditions . 
  this would pervert the whole system . 
  do n't think so either . 
  it 's not like the eu has copyrighted the deals . 
  some countries might prefer to play hardball though given that the uks negotiating position is rather weak . 
  about as useless as celebrating the 4th of july . 
  it is purely symbolic . 
  but who cares - it is a nice gesture that does n't hurt anybody . 
  it does not need to solve terror . 
  this seems to be the first trade deal in history that was negotiated exclusively by one side . 
  or did they just get a copy of the mexico-eu deal , replaced `` eu '' with `` uk '' and said `` done '' ? 
   whether they will or wo n't is n't the question , they can actually it is . 
  because you said that they will `` have no more rights '' . 
  well , they will . 
  and this is n't going to change . 
  hypothetical scenarios get you nowhere in this regard . 
   looks like theresa may could become tory leader , leaving the echr is her pet project . 
  i am aware of this . 
  given that leaving the echr faces a lot of opposition amongst the other tory leaders and that the good friday agreement in parts relies on it , repealing it wo n't be that easy . 
  and , as i already stated , if you leave the echr , you can be assured that it would be replaced by a domestic bill of rights . 
   the basic principle of british law is that the crown ( via parliament ) is completely sovereign and ca n't bind future parliaments . 
  we can make or repeal whatever laws we want . 
  your parliament wo n't do that however . 
   is reviewable by the courts under article 218 ( 11 ) tfeu . 
  i am aware of this option . 
  the ecj is n't exactly known for being fast though . 
  it would mean at least one more year of delay . 
   in fact , this is currently happening with the singapore fta , where the commission itself has requested an opinion from the court . 
  that 's interesting . 
  especially the fact that the commission seems uncertain on the singapore fta but certain on ceta , an agreement that is assumed to be so much more than just a regular fta . 
   in that case , ratification by the member states were a voluntary act to give it additional legitimacy and might be the politically smart move , but not a required move . 
  you could make your representant 's vote in the council dependent on the outcome of such a vote . 
   all that said , ceta can not be ratified without at minimum the consent of the parliament and the council ( and gabriel currently threatens to withhold consent in the council if ratification does not also happen in the member states ) . 
  given how outspoken some countries are against letting it pass without a vote on it , a qualified majority in the council against it could be realistic . 
  this however might kill ceta alltogether . 
   additionally , and while i personally do n't have the requisite expertise to really assess the issue , at least some legal experts seem to think that under article 207 tfeu , ceta ratification requires unanimity in the council . 
  in that case , every single member state has the power to stop ratification . 
  if i am not mistaken , unanimity is only required in the case of a mixed agreement . 
  the voices claiming that it needs unanimity no matter what usually come from groups that are already critical of the agreement ( campact etc. 
  yes , of course . 
  i explicitly outlined that we simply can not care too much about things that happen very far away from us ( both geographically and culturally ) . 
  but turkey is very close in this regard . 
   and it also happens in many other instances . 
  do cancer and strokes get the same attention in the media or the same amount of donations ? 
  neither do other common causes for death even though they are far more common than terrorism . 
   and unlike you we do n't have it codified in our laws big fucking surprise in a common law system  once we leave the echr if this is ever going to happen . 
  do n't forget that the british pushed for the echr and heavily influenced it in the first place . 
  there is also no possible scenario where it would just be abandoned without a domestic replacement . 
   they 'll have no rights at all . 
  you really do not understand your own legal system . 
  lack of codified law does not mean that nobody has any rights . 
  the people in your country have rights beyond the echr and other conventions and eu law . 
  even those without british citizenship . 
   if they have sanitary issues they 'll have to live in their own filth they 're not children some of them are . 
  plus this view in general is ridiculous . 
   if they commit crimes they get sent home . 
  not supported by * any * legal regime in place . 
   if they need to be out of sight have them do farm work and get paid in housing and meals your views on farm work are stuck five decades back . 
  we have long passed the point where farm work required lots of manual labor . 
  nothing to do with nationality . 
  your country is doing exactly the same thing , just at a smaller scale . 
  in fact , no highly developed country would even consider the option of housing people in tents for an extended period of time . 
  the only reason why people would ever be put in tents is because the facilities where asylum seekers await the result of their application are fully occupied . 
  your attacks are cheap and ca n't mask the fact that you are nothing but a rightwing keyboard warrior . 
  no quotations since i 'm on mobile . 
  a library is not sufficient for that . 
  they are entitled to it because our constitution says so and also because it is basic human decency from a rich country . 
  if they are accepted as a legitimate refugee/asylum seeker , we have a duty to care for them as long as they are here . 
  to enable them to support themselves in the best case . 
  being safe from war being the primary reason does not mean that we have to treat them like shit . 
  this would also be illegal here . 
  well , populists are n't necessarily going to like trump . 
  only 20 % of people voting for our populist afd like trump . 
  you know that getting a job is extremely difficult when you do not have a fixed center of life with a mail box and internet access , do you ? 
  providing housing to these people is actually nothing but to be expected from rich societies like ours . 
  it is not possible to live in dignity here when you are stuck in a fucking tent . 
  oh bugger off . 
  you are n't seriously suggesting that people should live in tents for years , are you ? 
  how does the headline  germany not likely to stop eu-canada deal even make sense in this regard ? 
  gabriel already announced that , if ceta wo n't be subject to a vote in the national parliaments , he will vote against it in the council . 
  similar stances can be observed in austria and france . 
  merkel announced that they will ask our parliament no matter what ( even if it wo n't be binding for the eu ) . 
   i am no fan of the russian government myself . 
  i simply question our level of involvement , both on moral grounds , and practical ones . 
  american presence ensures defense , but also ensures tension as well . 
  i ca n't say with true confidence that american troops are a net plus for european peace . 
  i would say they are . 
  however i question the establishment of permanent nato bases along the eastern eu border . 
  we really do not need another arms race with russia . 
  fortunately , the us and the nato hold the same opinion . 
   oh yes . 
  to the extreme displeasure of many south american and asian nations . 
  for instance , the vietnam war was effective wrt achieving our goals , but at what cost ? 
  sure , it stopped the spread of communism , but was it worth creating the dying , ptsd-stricken middle aged men missing limbs lying on the side of main street , usa , begging for money ? 
  `` if america 's soul becomes totally poisoned , part of the autopsy must read : vietnam . '', 
  - mlk jr. 
  i do not think that the current involvements of the us can be compared to vietnam , ( the earlier involvements in ) afghanistan or korea . 
   regardless , they are no longer around to go to bat for us as they so often have in the past , for better or for worse . 
  true . 
  it will certainly interesting to watch how these relationships ( us-uk , us-eu , us-ger ) will develop in the near future .
