  and russia has 4500 of those in storage . 
   huge advantage in number of airplanes but the bulk of russian airplanes are designed to f-15 or f-16 variants . 
  uk has the eurofighter as a backbone , which is a more advanced model and more comparable to the f/a -18 . 
  the uk has 141 typhoons and 81 tornados . 
  russia has around four times as much . 
  and they have additional fighters coming in - while the f-35s are coming in very slowly . 
  should russia gear up for war - they will have a much easier time racking up their numbers than the uk . 
   and very important that the russian land forces have 240 thousand active troops , of which less than half are professionals . 
  the rest are conscripts , and it 's common knowledge in russia that their conscripts are quite poorly trained with big morale problems . 
  russia has an indefinitely bigger pool to recruit from though . 
   yeah , i 'd give russia the upper hand in a conventional war versus the uk , but i think the british military would be able to hold its own for a long time . 
  you forgot to factor in one important part - the royal navy , once the biggest navy in the world , wo n't be able to do shit against the russian naval forces . 
  which would be hugely problematic . 
  -- -- -- but in the end , it is all just theory . 
  it is never going to happen - russia would be mad to attack the uk out of all countries . 
  my point was simply that spending 2 % does n't help you much if you are at war with russia . 
  the post you are linking talks about a more severe case . 
  leaders or influential personalities are more significant than `` simple suspects '' . 
  if we would allow every report about is suspects being captured , the sub would be flooded . 
  i hope you understand that . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is local crime . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  i was speaking as a mod . 
  we do not tolerate submissions without source . 
  i just forgot to put the mod flair on . 
  fixed that now . 
  sourcing posts and comments is a whole different issue . 
  you can not simply compare spending 1:1 . 
  in pretty much every western army , spending on personnel and benefits is around 50 % of the budget . 
  the pay for serving in the russian army is notoriously shitty and the benefits after retirement are even worse . 
  as a result , russia can employ more soldiers for the same money . 
  the same can be said about their equipment - their frigates tend to be cheaper , their tanks are cheaper , their weapons are cheaper . 
  -- -- -- apart from that , you mentioned an important point : a lot of the spending amongst eu countries is going `` to waste '' because it would be much more efficient to combine some elements of armies between countries . 
  given the same quality of equipment and drill , a country that spends 180 bn . 
  will have the advantage over three countries spending 60 bn each . 
  as i said - in a conventional war this is rather unlikely . 
  russia got the numbers advantage in pretty much every area - technological superiority only gets you so far . 
  unfortunately not . 
  but what would be the point in lying here ? 
  if a change to blue is going to happen , it will happen . 
  but this is far from certain and it effectively does n't matter that much . 
  a lot of things can change until 2024 or even 2028 . 
  i am on mobile right now 2 . 
  i doubt that i will be able to find a link that i read years ago . 
  kinda odd since i read about it before trump even announced that he was running . 
  it really is n't like a pub in any way . 
  i did not say that it is an excuse , i said that parent is wrong . 
  a bail out would need to happen no matter what . 
  do n't act like any of these countries could stand on their own in a conventional war against russia if they spent 2 % . 
  this includes the u.k. 
  source ? 
  year ? 
  well , i have seen projections for 2024 . 
  this is inaccurate . 
  again , we never issued some kind of ` invite ' . 
  there 's / r/askeurope / r/unitedkingdom or / r/ukpolitics for this . 
  we have become much more relaxed about things like this in the last 20 years . 
  they are . 
  despite the policies going into a different direction , syriza is still a left party . 
  their coalition partner is small , but anel is right wing . 
  plus an increasing share of latinos . 
  he edited his post while i was writing - he originally said that he would be `` replaced by a csu politician '' . 
  it 's not . 
  they just need to adapt . 
  texas used to be blue in the 60s . 
  this is not how that works . 
  if a spd minister resigns , he will be replaced by another spd minister . 
  texas is predicted to be blue in eight years . 
  it was even at toss up status for a while during this election . 
  welcome to germany . 
  exactly the same here . 
  1 . the eu has own nukes ( france/uk ) 1 . we have us nukes 1 . the majority of the population would like to see them gone . 
  at least the troops here are n't here for that purpose . 
  moving that base somewhere else wo n't change that . 
  a big issue today is actually testing the nukes - the times where people would simply throw them on inhabited islands ( russia/us ) are over and in no western country , it would be acceptable to test them on the own territory ( like nk ) . 
  since actually testing it is still the only real testimony that you actually have nukes , this gets a bit complicated . 
  unless you want to play israel . 
  haha , do n't worry . 
  have a good night !, 
  i am no expert on this issue , but generally it is , amongst other things , driven by germanys strength in exports . 
  thanks !, 
  while the subreddit is european , the vast majority of users have english as a common language 2 . 
  we approve of foreign language posts , but a short summarized translation is generally encouraged 3 . 
  translating the relevant information out of this thread literally takes one minute . 
  it is possible that you are looking at data measured in usd . 
  the euro had a very steep increase in value during that time . 
  there is / r/askeurope for questions of this kind by the way . 
  please provide a translation . 
  nvm i am an idiot . 
  they are still not a direct state actor but a `` third party '' my friend . 
  which kind of invalidates your point . 
  the money is injected into the fund but essentially the us retains some level of control over that money * through * the imf . 
  which still makes it us money in my opinion . 
  we are still talking about `` german '' or `` finnish '' money when we talk about the efsf participating in a bailout despite it formally not being a state organ . 
   imf money does not belong to the state . 
  [ how does the imf get its money ? 
  ] ( http://www.imf.org/en/about/factsheets/where-the-imf-gets-its-money ) the us provides around 20 % of the imf funding ( per quota ) - around usd 40 bn . 
  were provided by the imf towards the first greek bailout - this means that around 8 bn . 
  were us tax payer money .
