  you only have to look at eastern europe 's steadfast refusal to allow any migrants into their country . 
  the numbers ee promised to take in were laughable anyways . 
   germany will be completely alone in this . 
  i doubt that . 
  and even if we were completely alone in this - we are talking about 72,000 people here for a start . 
  ( < 200k , < 500k , < 1million , unlimited , none )  we 'll see just how popular merkel is when germany is faced with an endless flow of migrants and other countries have no interest in making martyrs out of themselves . 
  something 's got ta give . 
  that 's not an option honestly . 
   merkel will find herself increasingly diplomatically isolated . 
  she was reported to be isolated prior to this deal . 
  she was reported to be isolated in the euro crisis . 
  she has prevailed so far . 
   then germans will be forced to make uncomfortable decisions . 
  such as ? 
   yes , but you 'd better be damn sure about it . 
  it 's not something you can undo . 
  actually this is not true . 
  we are talking about refugees here , not permanent migration . 
   edit : this is the kind of thing which requires a referendum imo . 
  a referendum on what exactly ? 
  we are talking about a few hundred idiots on either side . 
  the report is significantly exaggerating when it is talking about `` thousands '' . 
  actually it is . 
  unless you can back this up with reliable polls or sources . 
  no , i can not take it serious because so far , nothing has really changed here . 
  i do n't know where you are from however . 
  sorry , but i can not take this stance serious . 
  we were talking about the muslim population in germany . 
  and for this , none of this is true . 
   i never claimed that everything was fine . 
  i simply contested the claim that it is hugely troubling for our society . 
  which it is n't . 
  that 's a pretty weak attack . 
  i guess they are talking about 1,000 people in each country . 
  which would be legit . 
  i actually do not give a fuck about who is talking . 
  i am simply stating that merkel is still very popular here , despite what people might want to believe . 
  and even though it is none of your concern - i never voted for her . 
   well her and her party will be out of power given enough time anyway . 
  that 's how politics are . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  it would be a shame if the governing party would stay the same forever . 
  merkel will either lose an election at some point ( even though the next election most likely wo n't be that point ) or she will resign ( for whatever reasons , and this is possibly more likely than her losing an election ) . 
   i mean , i ca n't see this new set of imported north african and middle eastern immigrants voting for the christian democratic union . 
  they ca n't vote anyways . 
  apart from that , the `` christian '' part does not really mean anything . 
  the c could as well stand for `` conservative '' . 
  i am not contesting what you are saying , i however do not think that we will experience major ethnic violence and i also do not think that we will regret much . 
   open borders fanaticism kills people . 
  i do n't really see how that is relevant here . 
  it is also not the policy that germany is following or that i am advocating for . 
  merkel has made it very clear that she wants the external schengen borders to be enforced . 
  the turkey deal is a mean to do so . 
   or havent you seen the news from yesterday ? 
  you mean people who lived here for a long time perpetrating terrorist attacks in their own country ? 
  yes . 
  totally related . 
  that 's pretty cheap from your side . 
   also saving your comment for obvious reasons . 
  you can save whatever you want . 
  i never said that there are no downsides . 
  pretty much everything you do has its downsides . 
  this does not mean that you will necessarily regret things . 
  5 months ago , different circumstances , different outlook . 
  i do not really think that we will regret much . 
  a non-influential politician ( in fact , most germans do not even know him ) gives his opinion two and a months ago ( during which a lot happened in this regard ) , packaged into a rt article . 
  so yes , i am sure . 
  i am calling the author out for bullshitting about an issue he does not really have a clue about . 
   besides , i never heard about germany trying to find solution for syria . 
  it is very clear to everyone that it is not germany 's role to do this . 
  we are supportive of efforts to bring peace to syria , but this is a task for the us and russia . 
  they do have the power to enforce some kind of peace in syria . 
  this however does not mean that it ca n't be a part of our concept . 
  every western state wants to have peace in syria . 
  never said that we wo n't have any problems with people advocating for sharia law . 
  of course , we will . 
  but this is still far from `` importing sharia endorsers '' since that implies a large-scaled problem which i do n't think it will be . 
  which amounts to pretty much the same . 
  if he says that he wants merkel gone , he implies that he wants the german voters to vote her out of office . 
  so essentially , he * is * trying to tell the german people what to do . 
  ( however it does n't matter as he wo n't reach many people over here anyways ) . 
  why would they sugarcoat that ? 
  it would be the perfect explanation for them why they have n't been active recently . 
  i have heared about the very low number of us-trained rebels before , but the explanation has been vastly different . 
  i read something different into that statement . 
  and given who is responsible for most deaths in syria , i can undestand that choice of who to fight against . 
  the air strikes of assad had the highest death toll in syria so far , dwarfing isis . 
  uhm . 
  in what way ? 
  do you know things i do not know ? 
  the article says something else than you claimed . 
   senior officials at the white house and the pentagon admitted that the strategy to pull fighters out of syria , teach them advanced combat skills and return them to face the islamic state had simply not worked , in part because many of the rebel groups were more focused on fighting the syrian president , bashar al-assad . 
   do you have any recent information then ? 
  depends on what you are talking about . 
  the citizenship issue has changed a lot due to the legalization of dual citizenship for the children of turkish immigrants . 
  if you are talking about unemployment - the recent statistics only talk about the unemployment of people with a migration background in general . 
  however , the job situation has improved significantly in the last seven years , for both natives and immigrants . 
   lol i 'm done . 
  these people originate from the rurual areas in eastern turkey . 
  many of them hold conservative views that align with erdogans policies .
