   once the politicians sign it there 's no going back . 
  this is not a treaty change , of course there is a way back . 
   a quota provides no benefits whatsoever to the host country guess what - this is not the point of the quota . 
  a quota is actually to the disadvantage of 70 % of europe , mainly germany and sweden would be the ones ` profiting ' from it in the current situation . 
  the point of a quota is fairness - there are no better indicators than gdp and inhabitants for an assumption how many refugees a country could take in . 
  well , i do not know anything about that , but i would not be too sure about that . 
  certainly , there will be larger amounts of police in the area , however one stalker ( yes , she had a stalker ) managed to ring the bell on her weekend house which is supposed to be shielded by the police . 
  i always find it a bit ridiculous to see how much the security is being stepped up when the us president is visiting . 
  snipers on the roofs , bullet-proof glass in front of a public stage , his own car ( all other heads of state are fine with our bullet-proof limos as far as i am concerned ) and loads and loads of police everywhere . 
  what do you want to say ? 
  that the czech republic is facing unbearable amounts of refugees justified by the fact that germany is taking less refugees in a refugee/gdp-ratio ? 
  germany is expecting half a million refugees for this year , this difference of a few hundered people actually is nothing compared to that number . 
  i am sorry dude , they already went to the us . 
   the second largest economy that is ruled by a woman 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  brazil, 
  however , the position of the first lady/gentleman actually holds some kind of power in the us . 
  not political power and i am also not talking about influence on his or her spouse here but about moral power , taking part in domestic initiatives . 
  however , this ` power ' is strictly limited to the us ( nobody gives a damn about whatever she does abroad ) . 
  actually this is not that much of a big deal . 
  unlike the us president , her house is freely accessible for the public ( well , not in the sense of walking in there but passing by on the street ) , two bored policemen standing in front of the house . 
  hell , the prime ministers ( or the national equivalent ) of some of our neighbor countries cycle around without security . 
  i meant that more in a way fitting the picture we got from the attempts of democracy after the arabic spring . 
  we have seen people being elected that afterwards took their election as reason to crush all opposition . 
  we have seen enormeous amounts of bought votes in the illiteral , rurual areas of cities . 
  we have seen violent clashes between supporters of different parties . 
  and , most importantly , we have seen people who vote based only on ethnicity and religion , which is detrimental to democracy . 
  i know , we did not even accomplish that in the first world fully , however , democratic elections are meant to be won based on having the best idea/plan on what to do with the country and not based on origin or faith . 
  but this is somewhat exactly what the eu proposal contains . 
  by that propsal , countries shall be allowed to choose the origin and profession of their refugees to fit their national needs . 
  the second largest economy that is ruled by a woman is brazil - which has a large economy but has too little influence in the world and is too focussed on internal issues . 
  the european countries ruled by women are very small , their heads of state do not hold much power on a global scale . 
  michelle obama was proclaimed to be the most powerful woman a few years ago , a notion i disagree with . 
  being the wife of a lame duck president is not exactly the most powerful position . 
  the only one left on my list is madame lagarde . 
  maybe we will see hillary step into the ring next year . 
  i know you corrected yourself , but i had a good time imagining gregor gysi as the contender for the most powerful woman . 
  thats why i do not think it is ` right ' to give a statistic on the ` benefits ' of an unknown program . 
  we had some calcs for the best and worst case just a little over a month ago , well this is something that you can work with, 
  there are governments worse than the saudi one . 
  saudi arabia is actually fighting is despite being ideologically close . 
  unfortunately we have to face it though - introducing democracy without proper education will not work . 
  have fun funding secular education for syria . 
  honestly , there is no easy fix for the problems . 
  people are talking about russia banning ngos etc. , many of the states where the refugees come from have done this since forever . 
  also , there is no safe possibility to bring secular education to countries engaged in wars/civil wars . 
  furthermore , secular education goes against the belief of many tribes who hold power in certain areas . 
  considering ` causing ' wars - there is no way out of the situation . 
  if the population of a country decides to have an uprising , calling for whatever ( end of the current regime , democracy or else ) we have mainy two options : stay out of the conflict and see some regimes slaughter people in the opposition ( be reminded that , when the western world engaged in the war in lybia , there were already troops approaching benghasi with war gear ) or support the uprising ( which is according to our values and i can not blame anyone for supporting attempts of creating more democratic societies ) and cause civil wars to last longer and be more intense . 
  as long as we have ` stable ' dictatorships where the opposition is repressed and some people disappear in prisons , we may be able to ` look away ' , however once a ( civil ) war starts we pretty much have no option that doesnt leave us with bloody hands . 
  yes , we should do more to educate people in their home countries , yes we should try to help them fix their problems in their respective countries , yes we should support neighborcountries of them dealing with millions of refugees . 
  however , besides the latter , nothing is really feasible at the moment/short term . 
  of course it does not cover the cost , however making profit off them should not be the point of taking in refugees . 
  countries are taking in refugees because it is ` human ' ( and because they are somewhat obliged to do so ) , if the refugee stays in the end , finds a job and ` pays back ' more than he ` costed ' the government , it is fine and really fortunate , however refugees being a net loss should not serve as an argument against them ( unless we are talking about unbearable amounts of money here ) . 
  i 'd say the eu covering at least a part of the cost is better than nothing . 
  what else could they come up with ? 
  paying for all expenses that refugees cause ? 
  this will - in the end - be payed by all states anyways as they provide the funding for the eu . 
  zimbabwe is ruled by a dictator , which makes elections less relevant ( besides civil unrest ) , still there are reports when mugabe ` wins ' again . 
  japan is newsworthy for us , mexico not that much . 
  putting the results of the election in the us does not affect us as much as lets say elections in the uk or france , it sure will get its place on the first page ( most influential country in the world , duh ) , however this does not mean that we ( i am talking about the average person , not about myself here ) really care about the rep/dem competition . 
  it also doesnt take any of the downsides into regard . 
  while i do not say that such an agreement would not be benefitial , the ` benefit calculation ' ignores the fact that free trade will , besides advantages , also destroy some jobs in both countries as some branches will have to face increased competition without protection . 
  so is the eurovision song contest all over europe - news getting to the front page do not really display importance . 
  we do not even know what exactly will be part of ttip , yet we already have a way to measure winners and losers . 
  also , this is pretty much solely focussed on the trading benefits , it leaves out too many factors . 
  as far as i am concerned we did not send communists to europe ( ? ) . 
  the * linke * might have some communist platforms in it , but it is not a communist party . 
  this video has been posted like a week ago . 
  the video is too short to really catch what is going on in europe and no , it wont . 
  i can hardly see china having the interest in throwing in money or russia having the money to do so . 
  this article is out of date - tsipras already announced that they will honor the repayment . 
  as good as it sounds and even though it probably should be like that , the reality isnt that bright unfortunately . 
  it is interesting that this topic is actually completely untouched in germany , it has never even been a major topic in the news as far as i am concerned . 
  however , while both parties surely have good arguments for their opinion , some claims and parallels that have been drawn are just plain stupid . 
  faces too much opposition ( especially from germany ) but certainly more likely than limiting freedom of movement . 
  i do not think he will achieve as much that it would be a gamechanger on the referendum . 
  he will have a minor victory and ( try to ) sell it off as a major victory . 
  if he wants to push for more , the change would need to benefit the whole of the member states and not just britain . 
  well . 
  thats one way to put it . 
  if there is a balanced budget possible it is just because if the intelligence of voters . 
  it does not answer the question if a democracy * should * ever run a balanced budget , it also ignores any differences between greece and the uk . 
  also , compared to what greece , spain et . 
  are put up against , you can hardly call the uk financial politics ` austere ' . 
  in fact , they have doubled their debt since 2008 and they are running deficits over 4 % . 
  unfortunately that is the dynamic in conflicts of this kind . 
  it is difficult to communicate to the average soldier that he has to respect the geneva convention while he reads reports of the enemy side disrespecting the convention against his fellow soldiers that have been captured . 
   but i do n't think that each side should be held to that standard . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  both parties have reportedly violated the geneva convention and other agreements ( ukraine is reported to use cluster munition etc. ) . 
  i do not even talk about minor violations of agreements , both parties have proven to be major violators . 
  both parties in the ukraine conflict have proven that they do not give a damn about geneva . 
  ( not generalizing here , it would be stupid to claim that either side is all in on violating agreements , however there have been incidents involving troops from either side ), 
  yay , these childrens will see their parents die having just become teenagers . 
  this will either force other children of hers ( she has some aged 40 + iirc ) to take care of their siblings or someone else to do so , i do not think this is exactly a nice thing to do . 
  this article is full of wrong claims and assumptions . 
  the * bundeswehr * did not show up completely unarmed , they just had no guns attached to some military vehicles . 
  the rifle problems are hardly a fault of the army , us rifles face similar ` problems ' , the rifle is world-wide in use and nobody had major complains about it as far as i am concerned . 
  ( the peschmerga are using it in exactly the kind of weather conditions that are ` worrisome ' for the rifle , however they claimed that they did not face any problems with accuracy . ),
