  exports of weaponry have to be authorized by the federal government . 
  i do not know whether the deal i mentioned fell in that area . 
   and i know i 'm playing the devil 's advocate , but i 'm just telling you why nobody i know cares about netflix at all . 
  within one year , netflix reached 1.2 million customers in germany and another 1.2 million in france . 
  [ expectations for ' 20 ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/324558/number-of-netflix-subscribers-country/ ), 
  so much this . 
  i used to pirate pretty much everything , nowadays spotify , netflix and steam are just too convenient , making the hassles not worth it . 
  companies are rarely holding up values when it comes to business . 
  you know as well as me that , in case rheinmetall did not sell it to them , it would have been a french or italian company . 
  i can totally understand where you are coming from . 
  of course , a society is more than just the sum of how much everyone is earning . 
  you can not put a price tag at social engagement . 
  a society can neither live without money nor without people enriching the social life . 
  unfortunately , those two parts are not always coming together . 
  and no , i am not valuing people people that make less money lower . 
  however , we have to face it - not all people are like the people you know . 
  there are welfare recipients that just make a living off government transfers and they do not even take part in social life . 
  unfortunately ( or fortunately ? ), 
  it is not possible for a government to calculate ` how valuable ' someone is for the country . 
  a person without social life that is making a lot of money surely is a benefit for the country . 
  a person making little money but running a service valuable to the society is a benefit for the country . 
  but there are people that are doing neither . 
  and since the government has no way to reliably sort this out ( knowledge and language tests only mean so much , especially when the language is english and you can learn for the questions ) , monetary requirements are the safest way to go . 
  no matter what , foreigners are * always * valued less than own citizens ( the eu is making attempts to equalize things within the eu , but this is by no means absolute ) , and countries are rightfully trying to pick cherries when it comes to immigration . 
  the thing is : the whole system of citizenship by birth is unfair . 
  it is not fair that you have been born in the uk or that i have been born in germany while there are people that are born in extreme poverty in some third world country . 
  there are families that have been a net loss for our society for generations . 
  yet we dont throw them out as they would fall into misery otherwise . 
  the system works better than any other system we know . 
  i dont think that it is wrong to bring a certain monetary aspect into it if someone wants to apply for citizenship . 
  being self-supporting is not putting the bar too high in my opinion . 
  if someone wants to become a citizen , he or she at least has to be not a direct loss for the society ( and by that i mean financial transfers ) . 
  if the overall balance is negative , whatever . 
  throwing out a person because he or she makes 34k instead of 35k is wrong in my book , though . 
  non-monetary requirements only get you so far , unfortunately our society runs on money . 
   citizenship should not be for sale . 
  well , cyprus is making a business from it . 
  3 millions invested in cyprus and you will get your shiny eu-access billet . 
  does antarctica even have internet connections worthy watching netflix ? 
  the last time i have seen satellite-based internet it sucked . 
   also let 's say they have 2 lanes in each direction . 
  one lane can be covered and another does not . 
  this would be pointless since wind would blow snow/rain from one lane on the other lane . 
   also these lanes are not used for sunday driving but transportation so the idea of not seeing the sun would be secondary to me , imo . 
  well , i use my bike to get to university , so it is mainly a mean of transportation for me . 
  yet i appreciate it if the weather is nice . 
  it makes biking multiple times as pleasant . 
   second why not put a cover over the stretch so that snow and rain do n't impact the bike riders and allowing it to be used almost always ? 
  money . 
  as written in the article , the road alone is expensive enough . 
  a cover would increase the cost significanly as they would need to provide ventilation , fire security , etc. 
  i agree that it would be the best way to do this ( and it would likely increase the demand as it takes the unpleasant part ` weather ' away from biking ) . 
  however , it would make this track worse on beautiful summer days . 
  this does n't matter as there were no sanctions on russia ? 
  if there is a business opportunity , you can not blame a company for taking it as long as it is complying the rules . 
  we stopped the sale of a whole training basis to russia worth over a 100m $ . 
  for a joint venture in russia , it would depend on the nature of that company . 
  if it worked with purely russian technology , without assistance from the german mother company , i.e. 
  a completely independent company where siemens only holds a share , i dont see a reason for stopping it . 
  in the case it involved technology transfers from siemens in germany ( normal exports are banned anyways ) , these should be halted . 
  well , trying to reduce the numbers of people eligible for citizenship in order to prevent negative impact on the countries budget is a somewhat realistic policy . 
  i however prefer it the way it is here in germany - you have to be self-supporting for a certain amount of years prior to your application ( you are allowed to be unemployed for a certain time during that period ) . 
  it is meant to ensure that you can manage your own life without having to rely on benefits , which is sensible . 
  having to earn significantly more than the average wage is over the top in my opinion . 
  especially considering that immigrants are often doing the jobs that dont offer enough pay for most nationals or where the work is too hard . 
  does this mean that they will change the requirement every few years to match the current balance ? 
  thanks !, 
   now the valve he has developed is to be implanted in 25 men in trials starting this year . 
  these are brave men . 
   to be able to live by the genius of your people to produce quality goods is , in my mind , preferable over having financial or trading centers or fossil fuels . 
  the question is whether these are exclusive . 
  in an optimal scenario , you could have all three of them . 
  germany does n't have significant resources and we are not top notch in trading . 
  this is significantly more than the average uk wage . 
  at what point is this measured ? 
  does the person need to earn 35k at the point the five years are over ? 
  on average ? 
  what if the person earned above 35k but recently became unemployed ? 
  is it possible for people to return after some time if they failed the requirement ? 
  it does n't sound that stupid actually . 
  i is likely suited to reduce immigration by a bit , but lets see how it plays out . 
  35k really * is * a lot of money . 
  eurostat uses the same method for all countries , germany still comes out to be the lowest . 
   these companies all originated from the countries which most consistently exhibit an interest in reviewing their sanctions policies against russia -- germany , austria and france . 
  the last time i checked , the frontrunners in being critical of the sanctions were greece and italy and not the mentioned countries . 
   by the way , siemens , like some other german companies , is no fan of chancellor merkel . 
  they are waiting for upcoming elections -- and they do more than simply wait , they are actively working to change their country 's current direction . 
  uhm . 
  okay ? 
  what alternative would they like more ? 
  they can do all the lobbying they want , the govenrment will likely not change in the next elections . 
  there is currently no realistic alternative to the cdu of merkel . 
  there 's one thing that is completely unrealistic . 
  if siemens ( or any other company ) has a majority ownership on a factory in russia , it would make no sense at all to stop working there all together due to sanctions . 
  this is extremely simplified and it gives not a single hint why our economy should be the ` strongest ' . 
  we are doing well , not more and not less . 
  picking 2007-2016 as data for the graph is also drawing a wrong picture as it is ignoring that we constantly performed worse in the years prior to that . 
   the germans , who publicly oppose the idea , wo n't be coming . 
  how common is it that a country has military bases in the country next door anyways ? 
   latvia and lithuania ca n't be bothered to spend 2 percent of gdp .
