   so by this uk aid would still be ahead ? 
  i do n't know what conclusion you are trying to bring from this . 
  i am not certain on that . 
  it is incredibly hard to find reliable data on this issue . 
  the 1.75 billion put the uk at slightly above three billion total . 
  germany has pledged 2.3 billion until 2018 ( which is two years shorter than the uk , it is possible that more will come afterwards ) , but i could not find numbers of what germany donated so far . 
  in the pledging conference in early 2015 , germany pledged only 255 million , but i am certain that we spent more than that and that we spent money before that . 
  as a result , the total money spent should be somewhere around three billions , like the uk . 
   your whole point is that we are not playing our part wrong . 
  given the respective economical strength and the respective interest in reducing the refugee influx , it would only be natural if germany spent more than the uk . 
  i never claimed that you are ` not playing your part ' , all i did was asking for numbers on your claim that you are # 2 donor . 
   arguably better than germany . 
  in relations to gdp - this is correct . 
  in total terms , i am not certain . 
   you were dismissive of our efforts , so why do you expect me not to be dismissive of yours ? 
  tell me where i have been dismissive ? 
  well , op made a very bold claim . 
  of course it should n't be a ` competition ' , but crime is a valid point to argue about . 
  however , if we are touching this very complicated subject ( i will explain why after this sentence ) , we should remain with the facts . 
  wrong statements from either side do nothing but hurt the discussion . 
  crime statistics for asylum seekers are a very complicated issue for the following reasons : * asylum seekers can commit crimes that citizens ca n't commit ( asylum-related crimes ) * the demographic is entirely different ( young german males are also much more likely to commit crimes than the rest of the populations ) * there is an innate potential for crimes in every group of people , asylum seekers or not . 
  you have to substract these to get a meaningful picture when comparing groups . 
  * and so on and so on . 
  it is possible though , but i do not have much faith in this sub to do it ( some people might be able to do it , but it would probably be downvoted ) . 
   especially when the result was so easy to predict . 
  still no invite . 
  you are correct if you want to say `` responsible for increased numbers '' , but it was no invite . 
   source . 
  only have a [ german one ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article152321355/brexit-kompromiss-vereinbarung-steht-drama-vorbei.html ) but i will translate the relevant part :  the president of the european parliament , martin schulz , has complained about the payment morale of the european union in the face of the refugee crisis . 
  while it was possible to spend multiple billions in a very short time during the euro crisis , eu countries fail to honour their promises towards jordan and lebanon . 
   the countries most affected by the refugee streams out of syria were promised 4.2 billion euros , but according to aid organizations , only 1.9 billions have actually been sent . 
  -- -- --  source . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2016/feb/04/syrians-donor-london-conference-aid ) :  britain pledged $ 1.75 bn in new aid between now and 2020 , and the us committed $ 900m to bring total us humanitarian spending to $ 5bn . 
  germany , which took in more than 1 million refugees last year , said it would give $ 2.5 bn through 2018 . 
  -- -- --  then why did you start a contest over who is giving the most aid ? 
  you made it sound like we are not playing our part . 
  we are . 
  it 's 490 direct assaults on the shelters - it 's not total crimes against asylum seekers . 
  in total , we had over a thousand assaults on the shelters in 2015 . 
  the total number of crimes ( in the official statistics ) against asylum seekers should be around 4000 [ ( source , german - for the whole of 2015 ) ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/fluechtlingskrise-statistik-fuer-fremdenfeindliche-straftaten-a-1068917.html ) . 
  you are correct if you want to say that / u/spiralspp exaggerated . 
  the number of crimes against asylum seekers is not even remotely close to the number of crimes committed by asulum seekers . 
  * however * , you have to consider that these attacks against asylum seekers are usually more severe crimes than the other way around . 
  i got some statistics for one of our states : * 40 % of the crimes committed are theft * 3/4 of those 40 % are shoplifting * 18 % are dodging public transport fares * 11 % assaults ( most of them happen inside the shelters ) * and a few cases of rape , homicides . 
  but not really relevant to the statistic . 
  as a conclusion : yes , the number of crimes committed by asylum seekers is much higher - but they are of a lower `` quality '' than the crimes * against * asylum seekers . 
  theft is nothing compared to physical assaults and arsoning . 
   lol merkels statement was not an invitation , it was merely a publicity failure . 
  she did not expect things to develop like they actually did . 
  some people took it as an invitation , but it acutally was n't one . 
  what she said was pretty much a description of how it was handled even prior to that point . 
  of course , we will process everyone coming as we cant ( legally ) send back people to greece . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2013/sep/06/syria-aid-who-gives-how-much http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/10570726/syria-crisis-how-does-britains-aid-donation-compare.html these articles are over two years old and take the pledged money into account . 
  i know for a fact that not even 50 % of the money pledged was actually given . 
  i however do n't know how much britain actually spent . 
  some more recent data would be nice . 
  you are also ignoring the 2016 donor conference for syria . 
  the uk pledged 1.6 billion $ ( bringing the total to  3 billion ) while germany pledged 2.3 billion . 
  `` doing better than germany '' is a bit of a bold statement given these numbers , do n't you think ? 
  and in the end , this is not some contest who can give the most aid - all that matters is that sufficient funds actually arrive in the region . 
  source/numbers ? 
  we did not invite anybody , by the way . 
   no offense but do you have any data on how many migrants were injured/assaulted vs the other way around ? 
  490 crimes against asylum shelters ( both inhabited and empty ) between 01/15-09 / 15 . 
  i do n't have data on general crimes against asylum seekrs however . 
  total crimes committed by asylum seekers in 2015 is a low six-digit number . 
   gdp growth only helps the people if it is an increase in per capita gdp , nope . 
  additional jobs or job security are benefitial even if it is not accompanied with a gdp per capita increase . 
   say if it all goes to a big landlord and it ne of the dodgy outsourcing companies that the government loves to use well , it is n't . 
   its just circulating tax money like subsidies . 
  but you would argue that subsidies help the economy , would n't you ? 
   maybe it benefits the people who run refugee business actually it affects a variety of sectors . 
  it benefits companies who produce food , furniture , large scale tents , build houses , computer systems , medical sector and so on . 
   gdp growth doesnt mean the refugees benefit the economy . 
  if it comes directly from domestic company , i would argue it does . 
   as i said , the migrants/refugees are not going to stop coming any time soon . 
  the situation will be dire with millions of people coming to europe annually . 
  id say most of them are migrants seeking for a better life , not actual refugees . 
  they are just utulizing the asylum system because currently , its a very easy way in . 
  we will see . 
  in terms of the eu , they somewhat are . 
  unlike regular laws , you can simply leave this organisation and will thus not have to obey them anymore . 
   the economical consequences are already quite large and they will get bigger . 
  it 's the opposite actually . 
  so far , there are pretty much no negative economic consequences . 
  most of every euro spent on refugees actually stays in the country , boosting internal consumption , fueling the domestic economy . 
  for germany , it has been boosting gdp growth by an estimated 0.2 % . 
  there might be long term economical problems ( well , the concept of taking in refugees is not about monetary benefit ) , however . 
  it * will * be a net loss . 
  but talking about a dire situation right now is wrong . 
   it is the best example in that germany is much richer and yet they do n't fulfill the obligations . 
  not really . 
  once you have reached a certain size , it does not matter anymore . 
  it is percentage-based after all . 
   germany actually does n't fulfill their obligations with military and require assistance for even basic tasks . 
  as in ? 
  our only obligation is defense of our country , which is an unrealistic scenario . 
   being a part of a military alliance means being concerned with the defense of other countries besides your own as well . 
  as i said , none of the nato countries really was threatened until three years ago . 
   saying other countries are bad too is n't a defense .
