  the map seems to follow the following principle : country has introduced temprary border controls -  must be at all borders, 
  i am not aware of border controls on our eastern border . 
  it 's not our decision what the media broadcasts however . 
  admittedly , merkel made a huge mistake with that public statement , it 's not even that what she said was wrong ( in fact she just repeated what has been done for months and what is written in our laws ) but about how this message was interpreted in the ( arab ) world . 
  merkel is in the business for such a long time , she should have known what kind of picture this sends . 
  i can totally understand that the media coverage is unpleasant for the border states , but constantly being confronted with an alleged ` invite ' we never made is n't very nice either . 
  i would very much prefer it if we could , instead of trying to shift the blame around , talk about solutions . 
  not only short-term ones but long-term ones . 
  many states are currently saying : `` it 's germanys refugees , they invited them , not our problem '' which is incredibly stupid and not helping anybody . 
  so far , nothing that we are doing has been declared illegal by a court . 
  germany 's actions are * not * violating * any * european treaties . 
  having our borders open when schengen fails to provide external security might be problematic in the face of our constitution , but that is a domestic issue . 
  deporting people however is clearly illegal . 
  you are correct in pointing out that the reality speaks against it . 
  * however * , it is the set of rules everybody agreed on . 
  of course , dublin is dysfunctional as it shifts all the pressure on the external countries , most prominently greece . 
  of course , it is entirely unrealistic that greece could take care of all refugees ( like it would be due according to the dublin rules ) . 
  the problem is that the european countries can not find a consensus on an alternative . 
  germany has always been advocating for a centralized refugee resettlement scheme which seems to be the only solution other than refusing to grant anyone asylum alltogether . 
  people often tend to forget that the relocation scheme was never meant to get pressure off germany , but to help the three border countries affected the most ( italy , greece and hungary ) . 
  it is probably not the solution everybody is happy with , but at least we are * trying * to fix some of the issues dublin has . 
  my point is : if you have a system in place and this system has problems , abandoning the system before you find a replacement can not be a feasible solution . 
  all it does is creating chaos , ending up in a situation like we are now . 
  and by the way - greece is not connected to schengen mainland . 
  of course , it is problematic for greece to protect its borders ( actually it is more or less impossible ) . 
  it is not impossible to protect the southern land flank of mainland schengen however . 
  there are also a lot of things greece could improve that would not mean closing the borders . 
  frontex ' recent evaluation of the greek border policing has been disappointing to say the least . 
   if every single refugee was deported back to ** greece ** this crisis would have already ended . 
  here lies the problem . 
  no matter if we like it or not , it is not possible for us to deport people to greece due to legal reasons . 
  because of this situation , it is entirely irrelevant whether dublin is applied or not . 
  people were n't sent back to greece before merkels statement either . 
  and these legal reasons are court decisions by both german courts and european courts . 
  first of all , we did never do that . 
  secondy , the internal schengen borders have been open for over a decade now . 
  it is certainly not our fault if the external schengen countries fail to protect their borders as they were meant to in the first place . 
   what am i reading ? 
  this article gives me all sorts of feels . 
  i looked around , there is no other source claiming that our people said that they need ` permission from greece ' . 
  it sounds more like a drastic description of a call for cooperation . 
  it 's sensible to talk to your neighbors when you are closing your borders . 
  it is unrealistic to measure the potential money needed on the total cds contracts . 
  well , he can argue for it inside the euro . 
  it just wo n't work for very long . 
  i am aware of this . 
  there is also no issue with this if you have an independent currency . 
  the article in general is barely worth a discussion . 
  pretty much nothing relevant is mentioned . 
   less than a year ago , germany and the eu said no to a principal bailout to greece , telling it to `` deal with it '' . 
   now deutsche bank might need a bailout , and will get it if needed difference here : if we bail it out , it will be * our * money , not the money of greece or another country . 
   then the summer comes and angela merkel says there 's no limit to german generosity for ... migrants . 
  she never said that . 
  and even if she did , there is no point in comparing it . 
  the lions share of every euro spent on migrants actually stays in germany and directly flows back into our economy . 
  do n't compare apples with pears . 
  the migration issue is entirely unrelated here . 
   wan na see what the other member states say about this . 
  the countries that are already reluctant for further integration ( uk , denmark , maybe poland ) will oppose it . 
  such a move would naturally go together with an increase in power for the said positions . 
   on the other hand , the european countries that have in fact grown did so only by blatantly violating the deficit rules well , he is ignoring half of europe then . 
   austerity alone is not enough . 
  on the other hand , the european countries that have in fact grown did so only by blatantly violating the deficit rules . 
  i am thinking of cameron 's uk , who has financed a tax cut that has brought the deficit to 5 % , or to rajoy 's spain , whose growth has been accompanied by an average deficit of almost 6 % . 
  he is not wrong , but the money has to come from somewhere . 
  of course it is possible to accelerate growth by spending , but you need to be in the position to do so . 
  for greece for example , it is entirely unrealistic to spend your way out of the crisis without enacting serious reforms . 
  the same is true ( even though at a lesser degree ) for italy . 
   so , when some of us in brussels ask that more attention gets focused on social issues , growth , european civil service , digital innovation , bureaucratic simplification , they are not being critical for the sake of it . 
  given italy 's reality , it just is n't very credible to do so . 
  italy severely lacks behind in digital infrastructure and it is not exactly known for `` bureaucratic simplicity '' - quite the contrary . 
  if you read the article , you would know that they are . 
  if you really believe that the laws are made in the parliament sessions , you have no clue what is going on . 
  either you are blind or you simply do n't understand what i wrote . 
  actually , it 's about * sozialhilfe * . 
  well , it is illusory to believe that there is absolutely no discrimination . 
  the relevant eu treaties have specific provisions to prevent `` unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host member state during an initial period of residence '' . 
  it is designed to prevent migration that is meant just for the purpose of leeching benefits . 
  -- -- -- i agree that it sounds slightly contradictory . 
  650k in malta , 3 million in cyprus . 
  i guess we do not need to be worried about these people claiming benefits here . 
  [ ecj case c\u201167 / 14 ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=167661&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=768671 ) this is a ecj judgement on the case which ruled that it * is * possible . 
  hence the confusion why the german court went beyond that . 
  i really ca n't tell you about that , i 'm sorry . 
  but if you are living on the street , i guess it will be tough enough to get into any flat , no matter the status . 
  there are of course a lot of people that abuse the system . 
  but unfortunately , we have no ways to cut them off without harming the ` rightful ' recievers . 
  we have ` lower ' systems . 
  essentially , the government pays everybody a living minimum ( 404 $ + flat ) unless you fuck up ( refuse to take job offers/apply for jobs etc. ), 
   i thought harz4 was non-contributory minimum system and arbeitslosengeld was the contributory system it is complicated . 
  we have * arbeitslosengeld i * , which is a contributory system , we have * arbeitslosengeld ii * ( also known as * hartz iv * ) . 
  then we have * sozialhilfe * which is payed if you are not eligible for arbeitslosengeld , we have * sozialgeld * which is a kind of * sozialhilfe * , we have the * grundsicherung im alter und bei erwerbsminderung * ( basic security in old age or reduced earning capacity ) . 
  in the case we are talking about here , it is * sozialhilfe * . 
  the case that caused the change of the legal situation is extremely complicated . 
   most of the blokes hanging around on street corners are normally on harz4 as far as i know as their arbeitslosengeld money ran out a while back . 
  i can not rule this out , but many people are stuck in this : they can not claim benefits without a flat and they can not rent a flat without benefits . 
  some also do this to punish themselves , others are not officially here . 
  unless you spend heavily on alcohol or cigarets , you should be able to live off hartz iv . 
   my friend who got fired from her job is now receiving arbeitslosengeld which is a percentage of the net salary she was earning before she lost her job . 
  yes , but * arbeitslosengeld i * is only payed for one year ( can be extended by one year if special conditions apply ) .
