  western nations do not dare to seize russian assets ( well , they tried , but at least belgium stopped as soon as russia threatened vengeance ) . 
   yet they got pissed when the usa denied them the keystone pipeline , because the affected american people did not want to give up their property ( eminent domain ) for one and for two to not have the risk ruining wide areas of farmland ( also to be considered property ) due to a potential spill . 
  the risk that the deal would not happening was always there it is the failure of the investor to not plan for this eventuallity accordingly , not the one of the americans for protecting their assets . 
  if i were not so giddy to see the american choking on their own medicine i would tell the canadian investors to get lost . 
  this is again what i am saying over and over again : a company bringing a lawsuit alone is not detrimental . 
  unless the case is decided , we can not really use this as an argument for either side . 
   then why isds courts if are n't any more or less biased than national ones ? 
  due to a variety of reasons . 
  first of all , the cases are dealth with by very experienced and highly payed lawyers . 
  they have little to gain and everything to lose by not being neutral . 
  secondly , a party can reject the other party 's judge if it has concerns about the objectivity of that judge . 
  and last but not least , these judges are widely known by the parties involved . 
  they have a record . 
  this is different with domestic judges . 
  and i would like to add one more thing that is not about bias : judges in regular courts often lack knowledge on these issues ( large-scale investments , etc. 
  pp ) while the isds judges are regularly confronted with these issues . 
   i do not allege that it happens regularly , but i think it might happen that law does not get passed because of fear of legal retribution . 
  point for you , but i would say one thing is more likely than the other . 
   it is also enabling you to pass whatever law you think is in the interest of your people ( aka bad behaviour ) , without feeling pressured to not pass it . 
  ttip and ceta include wide areas of legislation where they can legislate without * any * fear of lawsuits . 
  it is completely legitimate in the interest of your people , this will only become subject to isds if you are failing to compensate or similar . 
   ideally , neither insurace or isds would exist , but i rather take the one that does not limit the freedom of our lawmakers . 
  in an ideal world , we would need neither , agreed . 
  again , i do not think it limits the freedom . 
  both the us and europe have passed significant improvements on environmental protection in the last two decades , none of it was successfully challenged through isds courts . 
   the system effectively favours the foreign investor by giving him special privileges the local does not have . 
  the investor innately has a weaker position than domestic companies . 
  he is in a foreign market with less influence on politics and in a foreign legal system . 
   so you are saying the local business was faster in abusing a loop-hole and now the international one was pissed because it did n't think of it sooner ? 
  what exactly prevents pm to do the same trick ? 
  in any case this looks more like penis envy than discrimination to me . 
  allegedly , it was a violation of the law and not a loophole , tolerated by the equadorian government . 
  let 's wait for the judgement before we jump to conclusions . 
  if it was possible to do that through a loophole , pm would have used it instead of going to court . 
   but a shadow court they are since they do not rest on any sort of constitution nor are the judges bound anything but the goodwill of their employers well , that 's why people are demanding it to be institutionalized with a second instance for appeal . 
  this is a very onesided view that is not supported by reality . 
  i actually use this term rather rarely . 
  but this case certainly deserves that label . 
  this is not about ` locking up ' , this is you bringing up some ridiculous claims that lack any rational fundament . 
  `` that 's what they want to believe you think '' is a conspiracist argument , and it 's handy because you do not have to prove anything . 
  sorry , but this comment actually includes so much nonsense that i simply refuse to answer it . 
   only after public pressure was applied . 
  these rules were agreed upon before the actual negotiations of ttip started . 
  so no . 
  and even if it only was due to public pressure - all that matters is that the procedures are transparent now . 
   it would come down to the right ammount . 
  for us peasents , the `` loser pays all '' rule is sufficient , for mega-corps who can pay 4-8m out of their asses it clearly is not . 
  again , that is innate to our systems . 
  this ca n't and wo n't be changed . 
   apprently not , if isds courts are the first not the last stop when dealing with inconvenient legisalations or procedural problems . 
  particular for the kind of corporations that can do ` treaty shopping ' . 
  this always depends on the case . 
   yeah , no . 
  i really wish i could show you the scource i found a year ago and forgot later because i was on my smart phone , but if memory serves , russia is only in compliance with about 50 % of arbitrations done by that `` court '' seated in hamburg , germany . 
  russia is a bit of a special case . 
   besides , as a firm believer in the free market i think that this nuance is something the free market is well equipped to deal with on its own . 
  if you start screwing with investors , they 'll not coming back and/or ask for conditions that will favour them more . 
  it usually is one 's own best interest to honor your deals , no ? 
   ceta has yet to be ratified , i think and if our politicians really have our best interest at heart i hope they 'll sent it back . 
  i can already see the hordes of lawyers of `` canadian '' companies itching to sue us or the competion into oblivion . 
  this is again one of these fearmongering arguments . 
  canadian companies did not make that much use of isds under nafta , why should this change under ceta . 
  their investments in the us are significantly more than in the eu . 
  highly developed states like the uk or germany are very unlikely to be on the recieving end of isds cases . 
   but we can rule out that the isds will be biased ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we will never have certainty . 
  unfortunately loewen is also a display for how things can go wrong in this regard - one lawyer was american and was influenced to vote against loewen . 
  there however are a few things to consider :  that is why judges are usually employed by a side that has no stake the process , and before you point to how judges are paid by the state let me point you that in first world nations the judicial branch is an indiepenent from the government . 
  by `` employer '' i actually meant the government . 
  yes , they are independent , but the government still pays their salary . 
  these people have an interest in their own state 's wellbeing . 
  i do not allege that it happens regularly , but i think that it * might * happen . 
   i like this a lot more than secret shadow courts can you please stop using that term ? 
  i think i have made it clear that these courts will neither be secret nor acting in the shadows under the future agreements . 
   but it should be the home nation of the investor taking out the insurance , since they are the ones commiting to a risk this does not even make sense . 
  why should canadas government have an interest that its company invests in iceland instead of investing in canada . 
  this would very much be a duty of the host state . 
  and here 's the issue : it is not only more expensive , the state has to pay for the insurance no matter what . 
  it is essentially punishing good behaviour . 
   so in this example , the law is applied equally . 
  is this a case of discrimination ? 
  what if the national courts find that the compensation given was just , but the foreign investor says it is n't . 
  it this a case of discrimination ? 
  this is not that clear-cut . 
  it might be justified , it might not . 
   or let 's turn this a around , can a domestic investor sue its own government before an isds court , skipping the legal process entirely on the basis that the investor feels discriminated in law or action against ? 
  since i think you are aiming at vattenfall v. germany ii , yes it can . 
  they however pursued both ways simultaneously . 
  but i will not judge this until we have a conclusion from both the national and isds courts . 
  should our national courts award them compensation , i can very well see the isds court say `` you have already been compensated '' . 
   what if the foreign investor gets a better settlement under isds than the local investors ? 
  which one is now discriminated against ? 
  this is not exactly discrimination and it is unlikely to happen - it is very rare that the circumstances are exactly the same . 
   what if a nation bans a certain kind of pesticides , but mostly foreign agricultural investors but not domestic ones use them ? 
  are they unjustly discriminated against ? 
  the law of course applies equally to foreign and domestic investors alike . 
  that 's why isds courts have a look at the intentions of such lawmaking . 
  it is possible to discriminate in this way and iirc it has happened . 
   my conclusion is that a lot of corporations scream discrimination when they suffer from laws that cut into their bottom line and the number of actual discrimination is quite low .
