  essentially , the existence of these programs means that the fee is higher than it needs to be and that the retailer could potentially lower prices a bit instead of you cashing in benefits . 
  there is no ` free ' stuff . 
   why not spend a percentage point or so of your gdp on investment in those nations . 
  the ppp-adjused basis of a euro there goes much further than in germany . 
  primairly , we should do this in the countries that have been hurt by the euro crisis . 
  i personally like the idea of a well-sized investment funds for the weaker regions of europe . 
  we are profiting heavily from the eu and the euro , so it would be just fair and likely even mutually benefitial , as you said . 
   that 's why i was happy to see merkel act as swiftly as she did well , people from the balkans were always sent back , the difference is just that they wo n't be able to enjoy welfare money for a few month anymore before being deported . 
  it is not the `` backbone workforce '' that came here because they knew they would be turned down . 
  benefits in germany might be preferable to unemployment or low-wage pay in these countries , but not preferable to a decent manufacturing job . 
   she probably did it less out of a sense of long-term strategy and more out of panic  well , in some way it is a long-term strategy , but just a long-term strategy to relieve pressure off our system . 
   as for c-rpg , i am afraid i play a lot less games today than before , and the type of games i play are more along the lines of eu iv , hitman or ns2 . 
  thanks for the question , though , i hear c-rpg 's are on the revival with the recent updating of diablo ii and the continued success of poe . 
  i was actually talking about [ crpg ] ( http://c-rpg.net/?page=tavernwelcomeintro ) , a specific mod i used to play years back . 
  because there was a swede called laboe iirc . 
  but thanks for the answer , 
  the question is what you define as `` low income '' ? 
   what happens when you get an isis-effect in egypt ? 
  we saw how useful iraq 's american-funded and well-equipped army was . 
  they ran away . 
  egypt would n't be any different . 
  and it 's not alone in the region . 
  well , it is very much possible that the international reaction would be quicker this time . 
  i would argue that the foundations of the northern african states are a little more solid than iraq . 
  all of the countries where isis  indeed , but how did that vacuum come into being in the first place ? 
  we intervened . 
  as i said . 
   i just wonder how feasible this is in germany , politically . 
  there are very few people who are opposed to the migration of qualified workers who contribute to our economy and society . 
   i mean , the balkan migration is fairly easy to cut down , and merkel did just that . 
  of course . 
  and it was the right thing to do . 
  nevertheless , both sides benefit if we can help people from that countries getting a good education and allowing them to work here . 
  we have increased workforce which we desperately need ( our workforce is projected to decline by eight million people over the next decades ) , the people have a better life and last but not least , their country of origin profits as well . 
  because especially when the income gap between countries is as big as between germany and kosovo , financial transfers happen . 
  studies show that , at least speaking for poorly developed countries , financial transfers from relatives working in rich countries are exceeding the international aid given to these countries . 
  of course there are downsides . 
  but that 's how it works in this world . 
   the people who would leave the balkans would largely be the working-classes , the backbone of their society . 
  yes , the infamous worker and brain drain . 
  unfortunately , we can not prevent that . 
  if we turn our country into a country of immigration ( and i am talking about legal , qualified migration ) , this will happen anyways . 
  at least concerning the people that desire to work here currently . 
  under the best possible scenario , we would educate the workers who can not find work in their home country and give them work over here . 
  but i am not naive , of course we would also take workers that would otherwise work in their home country . 
  because even though the living costs over here are higher , you are making a lot more money . 
   i 've read that the german government has initiated talks with the philippines to bring in 300k nurses over the next decade , which might be a better deal , both for the philippines , germany and the balkans . 
  true , but this does not help the balkan countries unfortunately . 
  because the people did not move without reason . 
  they moved because they had no opportunities at home . 
  ps : you did not happen to play c-rpg by any chance ? 
  at least these austrians are able to eradicate certain fashion trends forever . 
  yes . 
   trump actually has answers in the economic sectors you mean like his ridiculous tax plan that would cause the annual income of the us govt . 
  to go down by one billion and he promises to pull that off without additional debt ? 
   middle class is shrinking but everyone still has ipads and the newest gadgeds . 
  inaccurate . 
  you obviously have never been in touch with the very low income families . 
   if he says a american company has to build their product in america and pay taxes to america or else they wo n't be allowed to sell it there i believe him . 
  he will never get congress support for that . 
  it 's also a ridiculous policy . 
  what apple does is also legal under us laws . 
   if austria or hungary said that apple would laugh and just abandon these places . 
  apparently , apple is currently making a deal with india to refurbish iphones in india and sell them there . 
  it depends on the importance of the market . 
  nevertheless , it is a stupid policy . 
  trump would have to ban all mobile phone manufacturers from selling in the us . 
  which he wo n't . 
  the chances of trump actually forcing apple to produce in the us are pretty much zero . 
   libya had a gdp per capita of around 30k ( ppp-adjusted ) when it fell apart ( or was ripped apart , i should say ) . 
  if libya can fall into ruin so quickly , what hope do far shakier/less economically developed countries of the maghreb have ? 
  even tunisia , which is supposed to be a moderate country , has a sky-high per capita when you look at foreign fighters to isis , punctuating the common mythology of `` moderate tunisia '' . 
  isis and boko haram and other groups are gaining ground in the upper sahara belt , just look at mali . 
  this is a secular trend . 
  we will likely see more european interventions in the future as this problem grows and fragile states fail . 
  i would argue that it is relatively unrelated to gdp . 
  what is much more significant is the stability of the government . 
  plus , the situation in libya was not exactly `` regular '' . 
  the western powers providing air support , indirectly helping to get rid of the existing structures wo n't realisticly happen again . 
  if you create a power vacuum and there are local militants able to seize that room , you will have a hard time getting rid of them . 
  especially when you have two rival governments . 
   indeed , yet it is important to remember that beyond the headlines , the amount of violence every year is falling , poverty is falling like a rock , average incomes are rising fast etc. 
  and this is especially true for germany . 
  there has hardly been a country in europe that has fared better in the last decade than we did . 
  with that , i do not mean that we had the highest gdp growth in europe , ist just went nicely in general . 
  we did not have major crises , our unemployment is on a record low ( the lowest since 25 years ) , wages are increasing faster than in most european countries and most importantly , we have never been more powerful as a country . 
  yet we have people who are genuinely dissatisfied unfortunately , for whatever reasons . 
   that may make it seem like the world is getting very dangerous , but in fact its just a testament to how world has changed radically over the past 50 years . 
  it 's also that the coverage of these crisis has become a lot more intense and global . 
  the interconnection of the world lets crises seem a lot closer to us . 
   i 've worked with refugees as a volunteer and i can tell you , it 's a very mixed group . 
  most people i 've encountered are genuinely grateful for being here and are trying their best . 
  this is especially true for girls , many of whom are not just in a nation in peace but as women specifically , are allowed far more freedom than they were back home . 
  and while a lot of people have to be deported , if we do n't get our policies right , those who genuinely deserve a chance to come here , wo n't , and that would be a tragedy . 
  well , yes . 
  the problem is that taking refugees that are not directly knocking at your door are a remote issue that does not result in public support . 
  this becomes very obvious when you look at the funding for the refugee camps in syria and the sourrounding countries . 
  all experts agreed that this is the most effective way to help these people . 
  especially the politicians who are very critical of taking in refugees talk about `` helping them in the region '' as an alternative . 
  but it is exactly the same people who are usually the problem when it comes to providing help for these things .
