   no , germany doesnt deport , you 've had hundereds of thousands of people designated for deportation since 2015 and yet next to nobody on that list was deported . 
  you can not simply make stuff up and claim it is correct . 
  we do in fact deport people - we simply do not deport all of them . 
  the number is 168,000 people by the way , not `` hundreds of thousands of people '' . 
   maybe now that you 're cracking down on religious extremist groups something might happen , but i doubt it . 
  that 's a fundamentally different issue with different authorities involved . 
   ... you do realize there are no borders between eu countries , atleast there werent untill recently , and if they get to lets say croatia , they can freely take the money they get for wellfare and take a bus to germany . 
  i am not aware of any physical borders between eu countries even now . 
  there are only border checks . 
  the fences are at external borders . 
   and as you know germany doesnt deport , so they get a cozy life at the expense of the taxpayers . 
  we do deport . 
  in fact , we deport more than any other eu county if i am not mistaken . 
  and no , if people are registered elsewhere , they do not get benefits over here . 
   even if all european countries did their part , the relocation mechanism would still not work , since all the migrants relocated to ee or se would just move to germany/sweden . 
  there is no effective way to prevent them from doing that in schengen and this has been proved by many cases happening in czechia , poland , latvia , lithuania , bulgaria , romania or portugal . 
  hell , even juncker already admitted that they ca n't get the migrants board planes to other destinations than germany . 
  we need stronger legal safeguards to ensure that people actually stay where they are supposed to stay . 
  it is possible . 
  i do not want to go into prison sentences for something of this kind ( at first violation ) but we certainly do have ways to prevent this from happening . 
  there is a need for greater european cooperation in this regard however . 
   as i said , i 'm glad you 're trying , but it does n't matter if you do your best or not , what really matters is if you can reach the deals or not . 
  this is not a kids ' competition where everyone gets a `` thanks for participating '' card . 
  results are what matters . 
  which is why i would greatly appreciate efforts by the other eu leaders to accomplish these goals . 
  germany is a powerful country , but even we can only accomplish so much . 
  the eu acting together on this would be even better . 
  as a joint group we can apply carrot-and-stick policies . 
   i did n't know that and i 'm not sure if that 's not too many people , but it 's germany 's decision , if you guys think that you can handle this , fine by me . 
  the csu is calling for an `` upper limit of 200,000 people '' and it is generally the number thrown around for what would be tolerable . 
  let me quote a poll from february 2016 - so after we had taken what was at that time assumed to be 1,1 million people in 2015 and after the peak of inflow was over : * 11 % no limits * 3 % up to 1,000,000 * 17 % up to 500,000 * 38 % up to 200,000 * 21 % no refugees [ source , in german ] ( http://www.ndr.de/der_ndr/presse/mitteilungen/ndr-umfrage-mehrheit-der-deutschen-glaubt-an-gelingen-der-fluechtlingsintegration,pressemeldungndr16886.html )  ok , i 'm not a law expert , but has n't the current international law been drafted after ww2 ? 
  when i look at the refugee convention of 1951 it does n't even mention a war in the definition of a refugee . 
  it talks about race , religion , nationality , membership in a political group and so on , so basically it fits the description of a refugee as it was understood during the cw ( a political refugee ) and it would also fit the jews escaping nazi germany ( since jews are a race and they were persecuted because of their race ) . 
  i was talking about the german asylum law . 
  international law violations mainly come into play when you do things like turning around boats or not considering asylum applications whatsoever . 
  if someone applies for asylum , it is our responsibility to process that application to come to a conclusion whether or not someone has the right to claim asylum . 
   do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that people escaping from war zones do n't deserve any protection , but it just seems to me that the current international law was not made for this type of situation when literally millions of people are moving . 
  it was never designed for scenarios like this , accurate . 
   as such , i do n't see why it would be such a huge tabu to look at it again and see whether we can change it to something that would fit the current conditions better . 
  for example the whole mess with the `` first safe country '' - is someone still a refugee when he leaves the first safe country or not ? 
  if so , should we perhaps reconsider that ? 
  i 'm not advocating for any sudden big changes , but these things should at least be discussed , because the current system `` whoever manages to set his foot on europe gets to apply '' is really stupid . 
  you see , the problem is this ( quote from a comment of mine from yesterday ) : * this is a problem with the legal framework however . 
  lets say a person travels syria-turkey-greece-balkans-hungary-austria-germany ( just for the sake of the argument ) : we can not deport them to syria for obious reasons . 
  if you consider turkey a safe country , it was not possible to send them back to turkey due to a lack of treaty in this regard . 
  then we have greece - we could not deport to greece due to court rulings ( both from germany and the ecj ) . 
  balkan countries - difficult . 
  then we have hungary - which we choose not to deport to because you guys were overwhelmed by the numbers ( this is actually the reasoning ) . 
  additionally , as you are aware , orban has announced that you wont take anyone back . 
  this leaves us at austria . 
  a country that already took in more refugees per capita than we for a while iirc . 
  sending back to austria would only cause problems . 
  this leaves just germany . 
  what the hell are we supposed to do with them other than accepting them ? 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   they do in fact . 
  even those that get relocated elsewhere turn up in germany . 
  we had a nice statistic posted recently concerning dublin repatriations . 
  majority of requests came from , you guessed it , germany . 
  thing is : only people that actually have legitimate asylum reasons get relocated . 
  those without any valid claims do not even get relocated . 
  and well , if they get here from other countries where they have been accepted as asylum seekers , they will recieve no benefits whatsoever . 
  and we will rightfully try to send them back . 
  so much for being `` invited guests '' . 
  we have already tried out how it is possible and we are positive that we will manage 1000 a month . 
  additionally , taking 1000 people a month is n't politically problematic here . 
  [ or like any forecast greece has seen in the last six years ] ( http://7d77c24d03a62043cfe4-5f6ff8e305d6142e830d07da1bf3d404.r76.cf1.rackcdn.com/1353006479_0.png ), 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  `` simply inspiring '', 
  we can assist them to return to stability . 
  but it simply is the easiest way to massively reduce the numbers without violating any treaties or without endangering people . 
   look , i was not trying to say `` germany does nothing to help to solve the issue '' . 
  i understand that unlike other countries you are likely to be active in the relocations . 
  it would be weird if you were n't , since you were the ones pushing for this programme so much last year . 
  well , the resettlement so far has been laughable . 
  we needed some time to organize this properly . 
  so hopefully it will work now . 
   however taking 500 a month from italy , when they keep getting thousands and thousands more every month is not gon na solve anything . 
  well , we are taking the number we agreed on ( 40,000 people ) under the one-time deal . 
  if all european countries would be doing their part ( which most agreed to do !, 
  ) , italys situation would be a lot better . 
  not even talking about permanent mechanism for resettlement , but apparently this is never going to happen ( partly our own fault , we opposed these mechanisms ourselves when they were proposed by italy years ago ) . 
   striking deals with african countries is of course important and i 'm glad that merkel is trying to work on that , but how long is that gon na take ? 
  i can not comment on that . 
  what matters is that we try our best to get these deals . 
   and if we manage to sign a deal with nigeria , what about sudan and gambia and senegal and all the tens of other african countries , which are way poorer than europe and have way too many people ? 
  merkels aim has been striking deals with the important transit countries within africa . 
  this of course is n't a solution that would fully prevent refugee flows , but it has the potential to significantly hinder them . 
  they also did not have a significant outflow of people so far . 
   how long will it take before we manage to sign a deal with enough countries to make the numbers drop to , let 's say , 50k a year ? 
  we do not even need to reduce the influx to such a low number . 
  germany is committed to take up to 200,000 people a year . 
  legitimate asylum seekers that is . 
  talking about economic migrants , we will see . 
   and what 's gon na happen if we sign the deals , but then a government changes/collapses in nigeria/libya/somalia / whatever country and the deal no longer stands ? 
  sorry to put it that way , but if a country really collapses under civil war or soemthing similar , there is a high likelyhood that these people have valid claims for asylum . 
  in this case , the only thing we can do is hoping for the important transit countries to stop them . 
  libya is probably the most important country for this .
