  cur our military spending ? 
  that 's an argument in favor of well-planned and well-purposed military spending . 
  when you are looking for a role model in terms of military spending , it certainly wo n't be greece . 
  there are worse countries , but greece is n't a prime example of `` good '' spending . 
  as i said , there are too many negative things playing into this . 
   would you cut your military spending if poland was ruled by a quasi dictator moron who made it his business to create grey zones in eastern germany , constantly violated your territorial waters and airspace . 
  not comparable as we are the much bigger country , but i get your point . 
   i will waste a year of my as a conscript and will pay the highest taxes in my country 's history so that you will never have to . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but conscription was a thing here until six years ago and your taxes are comparable with ours . 
  the difference is that our taxes ( which are en par with your `` highest taxes in history '' ) are actually pretty much the lowest they have been in decades . 
  that would be desirable , but it is indefinitely harder than just comparing numbers . 
  you have to estimate how well the troops are trained on average , you have to estimate how well the equipment is maintained and how well suited it is for certain scenarios . 
  you have to take into account that russians soldiers earn little to nothing compared to their western counterparts . 
  then you have to calculate how the equipment fares against the equipment on the other side . 
  the world firepower index is n't doing anything but comparing numbers either . 
  yes , it does . 
  you are correct . 
  alright , i will take your word for it . 
  but even if you consider this , it is fair to assume that the russian military spending ( relative to gdp ) was reduced significantly since the fall of the soviet union . 
  it is not unreasonable to say that their reduction at least mirrored the reduction in the west . 
  all i wanted to say with my post is that this is n't a one-way street . 
  it was n't just the west that reduced spending . 
  the decrease would be a lot more worrisome if russias spending had been stable ever since 1990 . 
  but it simply was n't . 
  you are missing the point . 
  i am not criticising you for spending on your military , i am criticising for the background and shape of that spending . 
  you can not deny that a lot of your spending was caused by corruption ( sometimes including german companies ) , by an arms race with turkey ( that goes beyond what is necessary for country defence ) and misled spending ( like your hovercrafts ) . 
   greece rarely bought useless stuff greece bought 170 leopard 2 tanks in 2009 - without ammo . 
  they figured out that the order including tanks and ammo would be to expensive , so instead of reducing the order they left out the ammo . 
  this is pretty much the definition of useless . 
  ( they purchased the ammo in 2014/2015 ) greece bought four giant zubr-class hovercraft landing vessels that have no possible military application for greece in the first decade of this century , only to sell them to china in 2014/2015 . 
  greece continues to operate a very large force of main battle tanks - larger than the forces of any other european nation . 
   and most of the time its a part of a deal - we help u , u give us money - . 
  does n't make it any less wrong . 
   yes , millitary speding is one of the reasons for the economical distater , but its not even one of the top 4-5 reasons , and frankly , its quite justifiable i have not said that the military spending is the root of greeces problems , i simply said that greece is not a country to look up to in this regard . 
  any source on this and a suggestion what they spent instead ? 
   also , imo the biggest problem of the defence cuts has been the hollowing out of europe 's navies . 
  ca n't really be said about germany as we never had a strong navy to begin with . 
  we reduced our sub numbers though . 
  2015 was an off-year . 
  they increased spending by around 25 % compared to 2014 . 
  the increase for 2016 was marginal ( i think 0.8 % ) and their gdp is actually shrinking . 
  4 % is the right figure . 
  i think it is also important to highlight the development on the `` other side '' of the iron curtain : in the 80s , the ussr spent between 15-17 % of its gdp on military , some sources even estimate that the spending was as high as 20-25 % . 
  today , they ( russia ) are below 4 % . 
   greece yeah , lets trigger another debt crisis reducing our nominal gdp so much that our spending actually becomes 2 % . 
  greece is a terrible example for this and they have a history of overspending on their military and buying absolutely useless stuff . 
   hugo boss knew what he was doing can we please stop with this ? 
  the design was n't done by hugo boss . 
  the nazi party itself was responsible for the design , hugo boss merely produced ( some of ) them . 
  and stating that `` the nazi party knew what they were doing '' sounds a bit ... weird do n't you think ? 
  well , it was n't in this thread . 
  trust me , they were . 
  whatever you like better , 
  probably . 
  can confirm . 
  we do not allow any kind of genocide denial . 
  my bet is incompetence and idiocy . 
  but why germany out of all countries ? 
  we are the country that stood up to trump from the beginning and we said from the beginning that bilateral deals must not happen . 
  even then - le pens voters are anti free trade as well . 
  what are these guys smoking ? 
  honestly , how delusional do you have to be to even attempt this ? 
  it also allows us to run us what essentially is a zero-tolerance strategy . 
  honestly , i could n't care less about your opinion . 
  i have read your first sentence , but i disagree with it . 
   i would agree it 's a fact , but would n't banning expression of such beliefs encourage more people to question events like this in the first place ? 
  i do n't agree with the illegality of it in several countries either . 
  do n't think so . 
  there is no difference for these people being downvoted into oblivion and being removed immediately . 
  they have a certain fixed world view that is n't up for debating . 
   or is denial so frequent that it would be too annoying to present evidence everytime a conspiracy theorist comes to / r/europe ? 
  as i said above , we have banned more users in this thread alone than we usually ban in several days . 
  the comment is n't stopping these guys from coming here and spreading their bullshit , trust me . 
  honestly , do n't care . 
  the rules in this regard are in place for a reason and we will enforce them . 
  feel free to use un-modded subs then and enjoy the shithole that they are . 
  becoming a mod makes you quickly use faith in some people ... 
  uhm . 
  what do you want to tell me ? 
  a google link is n't that good of a way to dispute the number of holocaust victims . 
  several reasons , but do n't forget that russia was invaded by germany as well . 
  are you too stupid to count ? 
  yeah . 
  as soon as a thread reaches / r/all , it turns shit . 
  kind of sad actually . 
   2 - i am in no way , shape , of form a holocaust denier and  but the statistic of 6 million is factually incorrect . 
  do n't go together very well . 
  your comparisons are ridiculous . 
  there are a few subreddits here on reddit that are n't moderated ( and thus allow holocaust denial ) - all of them are shitholes . 
  i did not say that . 
  i simply stated that the term `` holocaust '' is generally used to describe the atrocities against the jews . 
  this does not mean that the other atrocities are forgotten or ignored . 
  because germany is known to have stayed inside its borders during ww2 ... what is wrong with you ? 
  to my knowledge , the 4 million non-jewish people are n't covered by the term `` holocaust '' . 
  they are already doing that . 
  it 's just that new accounts are way easier to spot . 
  people here were actually disputing the holocaust itself , not just some numbers . 
  we can differenciate between these things . 
  when i write undisputed , i am adressing the fact that it happened .
