   baltics could benefit from ns2 how so ? 
   poland is n't so much a transit country they are making a big deal out of this if their transit is limited . 
   romania is basically gas independent  hungary we 're not a big transit either ( same for slovakia and czech ) what are they afraid of then ? 
  sorry , but i do not think it is credible to talk about worrying for ukraine or poland if you are hungary . 
  ukraine , which seems to be the main point of concern , would have been fully circumvented by [ south stream ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/south_stream_map.png ) , a pipeline that would have benefited hungary . 
  which leaves me two options : solidarity with the rest of former eastern bloc countries or vengeance against germany . 
  the third option would be a sudden change of opinion , but i dont find this credible . 
  so these countries are good allies , hypocrats or opportunists . 
  am i wrong ? 
  honestly , no clue . 
  all that matters is that this action has support from a single european area and not paneuropean support . 
   now please tell me how gazprom worries about their brand ... :p well , i used it as an example to prove that it can be done . 
  the reasons are secondary . 
   i can totally see commercials like `` buy gazprom - the ferrari of gaz '' :d that would actually be hilarious . 
  10/10 would buy again !, 
   why ? 
  the gas was paid , gazprom got their money - if i buy your car today , can you forbid me to sell it tomorrow ? 
  yes . 
  ferrari does this . 
  it is completely fine to offer different conditions to different people . 
   are you fucking kidding me ? 
  probably putin is rofl-ing now . 
  i had to chuckle when i read this earlier . 
  because putins promises are worth so much . 
   if ns2 happens then poland is on a separate branch which can be closed at will by putin . 
  at least according to the german side , access to ns was offered to poland but they declined . 
  this is why i also said that we need capabilities of transfering gas to poland . 
  in case russia seriously cuts off poland ( which i doubt ) - who gives a rat arse about what the contracts say ? 
   also , currently , poland is paying one of the highest prices for has in eu - so the transit fee argument is moot . 
  it is n't . 
  even if our gas prices are low , this price is then increased by transit fees , no matter what poland has to pay for the same gas . 
   gas cut was done by russia , not ukraine . 
  i am aware of this . 
  however here is the scenario : should russia try to cut off ukraine , they could not do so without endangering the gas flow to europe . 
  the pipeline goes through ukraine , do you think they would leave this pipeline untouched if they ca n't heat their homes anymore because ` the gas belongs to germany ' ? 
   i fully agree on a rational level . 
  on an emotional one , like someone from a country which have been occupied by russia i strongly do n't  well , part of our country has been occupied aswell . 
  we however do have the experience that russia is extremely reliable when it comes to gas . 
  we have n't had any problems with them , even in the time of the cold war . 
   it wo n't double though too soon . 
  likely not , but if you are already building , you could go big aswell . 
  it will likely be cheaper than having to build ns3 . 
   germany has a lot of energy needs , especially since nuclear power is being downgraded . 
  these are only temporary however . 
  until we can produce it all ourselves by ` green energy ' , which hopefully will be possible at some point . 
  currently , we are generally replacing nuclear with coal instead of cleaner gas . 
   as germany is a bit `` conservative '' and blocks the attempts of denmark to further integrate the european power grid http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-04-09/as-germans-block-danish-wind-a-new-feud-tests-crisis-weary-eu this is nothing about being ` conservative ' . 
  this is about bullshit local politicians not wanting to piss of their voters by putting a giant power line in their garden . 
  the problem is : we need this line . 
  it is not only denmark that is affected , it is our own northern states aswell . 
  we have repeatedly brought the power grid of our eastern neighbors to the verge of collapse by funneling electricity through their grids . 
  the north has the ( windpowered ) electricity , the south has the big industry that needs the energy . 
   if there was a line to germany , russia would need to cut of all of europe if it wanted to stop ukraine from getting energy . 
  this is prohibited in the contracts however . 
  and for good reason , germany buys gas at a much better rate than ukraine is . 
   is contradicting this : it is n't . 
  when you say ` to whomever you want ' , this would include countries that are not inside the eu - most prominently ukraine . 
  this is not only unacceptable for russia , it is also somewhat fraudulent . 
   i ca n't find a source ( so please correct me if i am wrong ) but i remember reading somewhere that gazprom is essentially forbidding this type of transfers . 
  i am sure they did and they would be stupid not to do so . 
  poland would be pretty stupid to buy gas from russia at 200 if germany can buy at 100 and sell to poland at 150 ( i made these numbers up ) . 
  if we made a deal for the whole of europe however , it would not matter anymore . 
  everybody would be paying the same price , russia would effecitvely concede that it is their intention to use the gas flows to exercise pressure in political affairs if they prohibited inner-european transfer . 
   that 's why i said `` almost ''  there are too many voices presenting this as just a business deal . 
  well , it is good business for us to say the least , 
  there is no such law or principle . 
  nowhere , it is stated that we have to transit our gas through poland ( or any country for that matter ) . 
  there are no obligations to pay other european countries transit fees . 
  if this pipeline is violating eu treaties - fine let 's cancel it . 
  but so far , nothing indicates that this is the case ( apart from claims from eastern european or central or whatever you wan na call it governments ) . 
  i think it speaks volumes that these states are extremely critical about ns2 but not about ss . 
  yes , we should aim to diversify our gas and this pipeline wo n't help with that . 
  but in the end , it does not matter whether we use russian gas that came through poland or russian gas that came by sea . 
  it is still russian gas . 
  of course we are n't , but there are a few things to consider . 
  * we do n't like paying transit fees . 
  nobody does . 
  * it is purely logical trying to circumvent problem areas . 
  this does not mean poland , this means ukraine . 
  transit through ukraine gives the potential for interference , and it is not wrong trying to get rid of these factors . 
  call it heartless , but so far ukraine is not part of the eu . 
  we have no obligations towards them , and we especially have no obligations to pay them billions in fees annually . 
  * gas transit can potentially increase in the future . 
  * the only way poland gets ` fucked over ' is that they wont get transit fees anymore . 
   eu has a unique price when negotiating with gazprom it 's quite funny - i am certain that some of the countries complaining now would be opposed to this . 
  simple reason : it would require to deal with gas purchases at the eu level , so essentially a transfer of souvereignty . 
  russia would not exactly be happy about this but they would have no other option - we are the most important market for them . 
  it will also take some time to fully implement this , the current deals are negotiated for decades . 
   any eu country can resell to whomever they want at whatever price they want this would be critical and it likely is n't realistic . 
  it also would not be necessary if we have a europe-wide price . 
   also to whomever says `` this is just oil company business '' - this sounds to me almost like saying `` berlin wall was just construction company business '' . 
  the analogy is n't really correct . 
  i would say that it in fact * is * oil company business , but this business innately bears a lot of political consequences . 
  there is no ` neutral ' deal . 
  according to the un definition , all of these countries count as `` eastern europe '' , except the baltics who are mentioned to belong to `` northern europe '' . 
  `` countries that formerly belonged to the eastern bloc '' would be a fair description , agreed ? 
  i can understand some of eastern europes concerns given what russia did to ukraine in the last years - threatening to cut them off gas supply . 
  one of the main obstacles in doing so has been the fact that they would have cut off parts of europe as well . 
  i am aware that many of these countries do not trust russia and fear russian agression ( even though i think it is unlikely that russia will do this to eu/nato countries ) . 
  this is why we have to ensure that we have capabilities to transfer gas to eastern europe and , under certain circumstances , ukraine .
