  they 're safe in greece . 
  if anything send food to greece . 
  why do they have to end up in northern europe ? 
  greece has proven to be incapable of dealing with the refugees . 
  the european courts agree that greece is not offering humane treatment to the refugees and have thus stopped deportations back to greece . 
  according to the dublin rules , sending them back would be the rightful action , however german and european courts see asylum seekers facing the threat of inhumane treatment in greece . 
  many german households dont even offer space for four germans . 
  where should the space for 4 other people come from ? 
   maybe the german economy will take a hit , but on the other hand you are saving 80 million refugees from death . 
  what are your priorities ? 
  it would not only take a hit , it would result in our country going bankrupt . 
  i guess he is trolling . 
   germany could definitely take in ~ 80 million refugees wat ? 
  many people here on the sub have called me ` left ' , called me names for being ` too open to refugees ' , but this is just bullshit . 
  80 million is in no way sustainable . 
  even germany , given its position as the most prosperous country on the continent , could * not * afford these numbers of refugees , let alone integrate all these people . 
  while i am totally in favor of taking in refugees , even germany and sweden can only take in so much people . 
  you can not raise these numbers indefinitely . 
  i am not xenophobic , i simply answered your question , i did not express my own opinion by doing so . 
   well , send busses to greece to help have them transported to the uk , sweden or germany . 
  merkel and hollande already announced that they want to send people to process the asylum requests in greece , bringing some order into that mess while taking some burden off greece . 
  this wont increase the uks willingness to take in refugees however . 
  in some countries money is not the problem , the problem is the will to spend it on refugees . 
  in other countries , the problem is a severe lack of funds , like in greece . 
  you certainly dont wan na raise the greek taxes any more , do you ? 
  at least not in current times . 
  this does not mean that nobody would want to return to a post-war syria . 
  train-wise we already anschlussed vienna . 
  however , without ( reliable ) wifi unfortunately . 
   up to 20 syrians a month this is less people in two years than on some boats coming here . 
   you can say that maybe about five to 20 people try it a month  how this obscure border crossing came to be a magnet for syrians is not yet clear `` magnet '', 
  eritrea is not exactly a country of origin that is `` unworthy '' of asylum . 
  kosovo , albania and many other countries in africa , any day , but not eritrea . 
  this hardly deserves the name `` opinion poll '' . 
  it is rather some random interviews conducted with five people . 
   its like judge whether hitler was good or bad . 
  for german he was good , for russian - bad . 
  top kek . 
   obviously , its based on the assumption that , unlike films , games are not art worthy of protection . 
  as far as i know , it has n't been revised ever since and games studios ca n't be arsed , so they just censor everything for the german market , even though they would most probably not have to any more . 
  it is due to the fact that this is a relict of the early games . 
  nobody would have called such a game ` art ' and it likely was not due to do so . 
  as such , the genre is stamped and it will take a lot of effort to change that . 
  and what makes you come to the assumption that games are art and no toys ? 
   they can find or create one . 
  there is a difference between a `` loophole '' ( if you want to call it this way ) that was purposefully created and a loophole that has to be created . 
  it is prohibited to change the essence of the fundamental rights , you can not simply create one . 
   because they are falsely classified as toys rather than art this is not of relevance however ? 
   so much for legal amateur . 
  since you obviously have no legal schooling , i think it is a fitting term . 
  do you have a general tax that is paying for that water or was it just taken from the regular govt . 
  budget ? 
  how high are the charges ? 
  what is so hard to understand about it ? 
  this is upon the parliament to decide as this power is granted to it in 5 ii . 
  if an article does not contain a clause like this , they do not hold this power . 
  if a legal amateur like you can not understand that , fine , but this is actually the reality . 
  how so ? 
  if i am not mistaken , the problem with a high alcohol-induced mortality rate of russian men appeared long before the current economic decline began . 
  i agree that it was a bit of a linguistic failure , fixed that now . 
  my last 10 comments are , sure ( they are about some constituional issue under the header of an immigration thread , but whatever ) . 
  and why not , it is a pretty civil discussion . 
  however there is a difference between commenting and article submissions . 
  again , i did only quote what the moderators said , i do not really care whether he posts about immigration or what else . 
  all i said was that i would prefer having less immigration threads on this sub , nothing else . 
  were you by any chance on a christian school ? 
  because a christian school is allowed to ` force ' you to attend ` regular ' religion class . 
  otherwise , you could have forced them to allow your absence if i am not mistaken . 
  i dont think so . 
  i also did not criticize him for doing so . 
  i simply outlined how you could come to the conclusion that op is following some kind of agenda , i did * not * connect it with any judgement . 
   who gives a shit about his posting history the ruleset that was introduced after getting rid of the immigration megathreads . 
  it clearly stated that is is not welcomed when people just post the same perspective over the same issue over and over again . 
  ( i dont really though currently , nevertheless i would welcome less immigration threads in general ) . 
  the lack of a clause like in art . 
  5 ii that would allow them to . 
  but 70 % of his postings on this sub are about ... a very narrow set of topics . 
  why are you ignoring what i am saying ? 
  it is the parliaments prerogative of assessment to limit it . 
  unless it is a major violation of free speech ( which it is not ) , there is nothing that can be done about it . 
  it does not matter that the justification seems wrong , poor or invalid to you or us , this is for the parliament to decide . 
  as i said , it is * not * a violation . 
  the founding fathers of the constitution purposefully allowed interference of the lawmaking instutions with this fundamental right ( in limited ways ) . 
  i think the government is pretty aware that many people do not obey these ratings . 
  especially in the time of internet piracy , they are no valid obstacle anymore . 
  many parents do not even understand what their kids are playing , how can they take care what their children consume if they dont even understand it ? 
  every multiplayer of first person shoters available on the market confirms my point . 
  ( dont get me wrong , i dont agree with the ` cutting ' of games , but they have a legal justification for doing so ), 
  we will !, 
  i am pretty certain that we will see poland emerge as one of the large european powers in my lifetime , given your economic growth and population . 
   i agree partially with you here but considering german history especially with regards to the massive right-wing propaganda during the weimar republic it 's not surprising that german law is sensitive towards depictions of violence and incitement . 
  it is meant for youth protection though . 
  ( which justifies cutting in art . 
  video games censoring is already justified by art . 
  unless given permission because of criminal prosecution , it is not allowed to our state to read e.g. 
  the e-mails of our citizens . 
  however , it is pretty hard to differ between data of a german and data of a foreigner ( which legally can be read by our government ) as it would require to filter the content first which is illegal here ( they are not allowed to open . de mails though ) . 
  it is a grey-zone if they obtain data over a german from a foreign intelligence agency as they are effectively * not * violating the fundamental rights by doing so . 
   but i do n't think this is going to happen well , some pieces of art are been given back , however they make a really big deal out of it [ like here ] ( http://bc02.rp-online.de/polopoly_fs/bundesaussenminister-frank-walter-steinmeier-r-polnischer-1.4143153.1396273287!httpimage/1711118344.jpg_gen/derivatives/d950x950/1711118344.jpg ) . 
  it will certainly take some time and i am certain that not everything will be restituted , however i think there are more troublesome relationships with other countries in that area * cough * russia * cough * .
