   also , an electric car only produces less co2 than a fossile one if you run it with electricity that comes out of solar/wind/nuclear energy . 
  if you run an electric car in poland ( lots of coal-fired energy ) you might actually increase the co2 output , since the fossile car can use the waste heat for some purposes ( like heating ) while the electric one must use electricity . 
  well , we all hope that we will have ` clean ' energy in a few decades , dont we ? 
  yes , we have examples like poland , but we also have countries like france that go full nuclear . 
  ( yes , then we have the problem of nuclear waste , but at least no co2 )  somehow , we ( speaking as a physicist ) always expected hydrogen to be the next energy carrier for vehicles . 
  it is clean , does not put load on the grid , and can be produced decentralizedly ( say , at an offshore windfarm ) . 
  the advantage of electric engines is that we do not really have to create much new infrastructure . 
  it is also not economically feasible currently , given the low price on ` normal ' fuel . 
  well , i listed the netherlands under ` central ' here . 
  i am aware that this is wrong by some definitions . 
  it is not . 
  if used right , this debt can pay off multiple times . 
  you ` just ' need to invest the money responsibly and carefully . 
  a concept that exists since forever which includes a money transfer to the debtor in the beginning ? 
  totally a robbery . 
  can you tell me how anything was supposedly ` stolen ' ? 
   when the people voted for the formation of the eu are you sure it was the formation and not ` just ' the later lissabon treaty ? 
   a referendum is a way to poll the opinion of the civilians , so if you are not interested at all in the outcome you could just go ahead ah . 
  i think i just misunderstood something . 
  he was talking about it being suspended until the referendum , not about the effect the result will have . 
   however if you just go ahead the referendum would look like a joke and would n't even be about anything anymore . 
  well , recent examples do not really speak for politicians obeying non-binding referendums . 
  look at greece this year or france and the netherlands with the later lissabon treaty . 
   there 's also the fact that those batteries take a ridiculous amount of co2 to produce . 
  and most electricity is still made with coal/gas ... 
  they 're not as economical as they 're made out to be . 
  they arent exceeding any nox limitations while driving though . 
  * cough *  getting a fully electric car really is n't the sensible option for most people at the moment . 
  yes . 
  you get a subpar car for twice the money . 
   in a few years i can see myself getting one of these mid-size german hybrids second hand as long as it 's not too much more than the petrol equivalent . 
  i think until they become competitive in both price and operating cost , we wont see them become the norm . 
   if i were made of money , i 'd have a little electric two-seater for going short distances , and something like an a4 or a bmw 3 series for a roads and motorways . 
  well , we all can dream i guess . 
   thing is , i , like most other people , need a car that 's reliable and will suit all situations . 
  electric cars really are n't fitting the bill at the moment . 
  exactly . 
  how so ? 
  if it is not binding , how it is able to suspend the ratification ? 
  this does not make sense . 
  the title is horribly misleading though . 
  and one of your fellow dutch redditors stated that it will * not * be binding for the government . 
  i am confused now . 
  this is not what the source says ? 
  they are going to hold a referendum . 
  not more and not less . 
  does anyone have a reliable survey on this topic ? 
  vw offers the golf even as a fully electric vehicle . 
  there are two major problems currently ( well actually three ) : the price , the range and the durability of batteries . 
  not anymore as far as i am concerned . 
  well , east of germany it starts to decrease rather drastically , to the west , north and south it 's pretty much the same . 
   til an audi is totally the same as a skoda . 
  you picked the worst example possible . 
  skodas in large parts are built on audi basis - their engines are usually last generation audi engines . 
   as if a golf was n't a hundred times better than some crappy car made in usa . 
  actually it is n't . 
  the range of the golf isnt that good , unfortunately . 
  but to make a comparison , you will need to compare the 2017 e golf to the model 3 , not the 2014 one . 
  ignore what i wrote . 
  i fucked something up . 
  country with amazing potential that is held back by corruption and the remainders of the caste system . 
  ~ ~ the average daily commute to work in germany is 55km one way . ~ ~ so for this , it would certainly be sufficient . 
  the problem is the 10 % of longer trips . 
  having to stop once or even twice to recharge can be a major inconvenience and time loss . 
  thats true . 
  i am still uncertain whether that would have a huge impact on the market . 
  true , 35.000 $ is a great price , but you get a car that is inferior to regular cars in almost every aspect . 
  300 km range is not enough unless you are only doing short trips . 
  i guess we will see how it develops , but i am honestly not that concerned about that . 
  i am still waiting to see whether tesla is actually able to fulfill its 35k promise for the model 3 . 
  i guess we will see electric cars at the price of current cars in a few years . 
   well , that should make german pv installation owners happy first they are offering batteries like the tesla powerwall for over two years now . 
  however it is still a bit too expensive . 
  to my knowledge , undersupply has pretty rarely been an issue for our car manufacturing industry . 
   musk closed the official statement explaining that the result of this accident could have been `` far worse '' had a conventional gasoline-powered car encountered the same object on the highway , because most gasoline cars do not have an armored underbody , leaving the fuel lines and tank vulnerable . 
  he also noted that tesla 's battery pack only contains about 10 % as much energy as a standard tank of gasoline , and the fact that it is divided into 16 sections means that the combustion potential is about 1 % of a comparable gasoline-powered car . '', 
  likely all that would have happened to a regular car was fuel running out ... 
  if bosch says that they will have it ready for market in 2020 , they will have the capacities to supply large numbers of it . 
  bosch is the number three of car part suppliers in the world ( the second place is german as well ) . 
  well , contrary to what some people here might want to believe , our industry is n't sleeping . 
  they are not underestimating the challenges that lie upon them . 
  the research funds of these companies exceed the total revenues of tesla by a large margin . 
  we are n't either . 
  but there 's more to it than just pure money - buying an electric vehicle in norway gives you a shitload of benefits , from taxes to free parking , free energy and the permission to use the bus lanes in the cities . 
  well , they still got a few years . 
  i used this just as an indicator that we will most likely produce the batteries ourselves . 
  [ there is also the mercedes sls amg electric drive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercedes-benz_sls_amg#sls_amg_electric_drive_.282013.29 ) ( arguably quite expensive ) [ audi offers the a3 as plug-in ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/audi_a3#a3_sportback_e-tron_.282014.e2.80.93.29 ) and will offer two fully electric vehicles until 2018 . 
  mercedes offers an electric version of its [ b class ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercedes-benz_b-class#production_model ) vw offers the golf and the up !, 
  as full electric models . 
  its not like we dont build electric cars yet . 
  ever been to norway ? 
  it feels like every thrid person drives a tesla . 
  its pretty insane . 
  it will go somewhere in the direction where [ bosch is going currently ] ( http://ecomento.com/2015/09/22/bosch-solid-state-battery-will-double-electric-car-range/ ) . 
  the people did no buy the iphone because it did things better than it competitors but because it did everything * completely different * than the other phones . 
  this is not true for cars . 
  he was talking about a car catching fire while regularily driving , not in an accident . 
  no its not about life risk . 
  he said that it would pose a significant threat to the premium label of these carmakers . 
  he used an example where something went wrong in the us and their reputation was severely damaged for a decade after .
