  talking about germany , it is ( by law ) assumed that a sufficient quorum of the mps ( by law 50 % ) is present unless it is contested by a parliamentary group or 5 % of present mps . 
  this ensures that there wo n't be any decisions that do not reflect the share of seats the different parties hold while also ensuring that the parliament can work effectively . 
  i assume that there is a similar law in france . 
   only when france said germany should change its position it was taken serious , started a new discussion and ultimatley made merkel change her opinion . 
  which is how the tandem is supposed to work . 
  free german reign in europe is not good for anybody . 
  i honestly do not think that the deal is great , but i think it is the best shot we have . 
  well , hopefully . 
  but as i said , it is mainly a fuckup and not a direct lack of funding . 
  we are also increasing the funding in the next years . 
  ( which will not mark a significant improvement in terms of spending/gdp ratio , but at least we are somewhat keeping pace with it ) . 
  because people are put in charge of things they do not understand . 
  in this case it was [ this fucking guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl-theodor_zu_guttenberg ) who was very liked amongst the population but spectacularly failed at reforming our army ( the switch from a conscription army towards a professional army was during his time in office ) . 
  he would have continued to make things worse if he had n't lost his job due to plagiarized parts of his doctoral dissertation . 
  essentially it went this way : in 2009 they searched for ways to save money . 
  someone suggested to stop buying spares in 2010 . 
  they did that . 
  it went well , there were no spares needed . 
  they continued this policy for two more years - still no significant problems . 
  then , things got tricky . 
  equipment needed spares , here we had the problems . 
  since the manufacturer stopped producing the spares in the meanwhile due to a lack of demand , they had to set up a new production line for these spares . 
  which takes a lot of time . 
  it should be so obvious , but still ... tl ; dr : idiots in charge . 
  well , yes and no . 
  as i mentioned , when we classify a fighter plane as ` not fit for service ' , it does not mean that they are necessarily unfit for country defence . 
  it is a purely preventive measure . 
  it is not perfect , but we would n't be caught with our ` pants down ' . 
  we would probably lack a belt and the pants would sag . 
  and for the ` advantage ' - it completely depends on who the enemy is . 
  however this is a dubious policy at best and we should quickly aim to improve things . 
  sch\u00e4uble already greenlighted 30 additional billions for the military in the next four years . 
  until we see serious improvements in eastern ukraine , this should not be on the table . 
   you do n't keep spares ? 
  at least concerning the eurofighters , this is true , unfortunately . 
   that is the most short sighted policy i could think of . 
  it is . 
  it 's extremely short-sighted and totally ridiculous . 
   the equipment will eventually break , and you will need to pay for it . 
  well , paying is not the problem . 
  the problem is that we might not have sufficient air forces for the tasks assigned to these forces . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i mentioned them as a worst case scenario that we of course should try to prevent . 
  but even in that worst case scenario , the dimensions are not even remotely sufficient to cause a major change to our society . 
  yes , we should certainly aim to help these people in crisis areas . 
  however the western societies fail at doing it . 
  if we had spent a good amount of money years back , we would not have a migration crisis today . 
  but we did n't . 
  the funding for un projects and refugee camps in that area was embarassing to say the least . 
  and even now , at the heigth of the crisis , many governments do not contribute as much as they could be expected to do . 
  [ this is an oxfam calculation on how much would be a ` fair ' contribution ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ocht8wf.jpg ) and how much of that share the countries actually gave . 
  essentially it is a few wealthy counties in the northern part of europe that make sufficient contributions , the rest falls short . 
  especially the countries who insist that the treatment should happen in the region are reluctant to pledge money ( eastern europe ) . 
  when you look at the last donors conference for syria that took place , germany , norway and the uk pledged 4.9 billions while the total was 11 billions . 
  if countries like france and eastern europe fail to do their part , helping people in the area is a project that is deemed to fail . 
  so as a conclusion : we should have much more in the past and we should continue to do much more than we are doing . 
  it is to the benfit of everybody , and it is extremely cost effective . 
  for every euro we spend over there , we probably save 20 or more euros at home . 
  [ source for the oxfam calculation ] ( http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/publications/syria-crisis-fair-share-analysis-2016-594875 ), 
  you seriously believe that writing in bold does make this points any more relevant ? 
  the main objective for the un intervention was preventing a bloodbath in benghazi . 
  however there are serious experts who believe that this threat was not actually present . 
  ghaddafis conquered other rebel-held cities without committing massacres against the population . 
  there are good arguments that the danger was n't present . 
   the luftwaffe has most of its fleet out of action for want of parts , service , and money to fly them not exactly . 
  this is not caused by a direct shortage of money . 
  we * do * have money to pay for spares . 
  but the problem is that producing spares for these planes takes some time . 
  when ~ ~ de maizi\u00e9re ~ ~ guttenberg enacted measures to save costs , he abolished stocking of spares which eventually lead to the current problems . 
  so the problem is saving on the wrong end and not a lack of money . 
  apart from that , the security standards are a thing - our fighter planes count as `` out of service '' when they have an outdated software . 
  it is mainly mismanagement and not a lack of money . 
   and let 's not forget soldiers practicing with broomsticks painted black . 
  nice meme , but people still ignore that it was a command vehicle that was never meant to carry a gun in the first place . 
  we just recently enacted laws that allow us to force asylum seekers to live amongst the population instead of forming ghettos . 
  we have to prevent parallel societies , but even parallel societies wo n't change the society as a whole . 
  it needs a lot more people than just a few hundred thousand to prompt significant change to a society . 
  i do n't think that it will stay the same , but it is always a process , nothing worrisome . 
  `` they are taking our freedom . 
  so let 's better get rid of it so they ca n't take anything from us anymore '' . 
  honestly , arguing in this thread is completely pointless . 
  yes , totally . 
  one million additional muslims will certainly impose sharia law upon us . 
  even the thought is ridiculous . 
  even if this ends up happening , it is preferable to the previous situation . 
  first of all , we know who comes here even without visa . 
  secondly , the numbers will nowhere come close to the previous numbers . 
  thirdly , we did not really have problems with our kurds in the past and we will likely not get problems . 
  and last but not least , these people will at worst increase the informal work sector , they wo n't claim benefits here . 
  so even if the worst ends up happening , i still think it is preferable . 
  the use of smileys does not make your statements any more true . 
  i simply outlined that your statement was nonsense and inaccurate . 
  i do not deny that large numbers of refugees can cause problems for us , but i simply do not see the return of 2015 numbers . 
  not even close to that . 
  even if we are ` just talking about germany ' . 
  the share of accepted refugees whose religion was muslim was around 70 % . 
  the general acceptance rate was similar . 
  this means that , if we had one million refugees in germany in 2015 , we would be talking about roughly 500,000 muslim refugees in this country . 
  honestly , this does not even make a difference . 
  if you believe that 500,000 people are able to change a society of 80 million people , you are horribly wrong .
