  i disagree . 
  not going to happen . 
  the thing is : the general shift is important , not every single poll . 
  we would not lose anything in terms of political debate if we only argued about polls once a week . 
  in fact , i would say it would be beneficial , because it is exhausting to talk about minor changes every second day . 
  it just is n't meaningful at this point . 
  no party besides the spd has even started campaigning yet . 
  no party is willing to enter a coalition with them , do n't worry . 
  things are still very fine over here . 
  a post-merkel cdu will naturally shift more to the right and take voters away from the afd . 
  we are considering a variety of options . 
  but i think you will agree with me that we do not want 4 + german opinion polls per week for the next seven months . 
  one percent actually . 
  well within the margin of error . 
  we are currently considering some options in this regard . 
  stand by . 
  the afd might be relatively strong , but it still is our only party of this kind - in other european states eurosceptic and populist parties get significantly more votes . 
  additionally , they are declining . 
  them being in parliament will only show the people how useless they really are . 
  the answer is no . 
  fun fact : the fdp even considered withdrawing that proposal after the public backlash but the csu pushed it through . 
  additionally , what / u/meddlmois said . 
  then post that with a translation . 
  uhm . 
  source ? 
  wrong sub mate . 
  it also poses the question whether it is something that we * should * do . 
  because - and i am sure you are with me on this - every country is free to make their own choices and we should not interfere directly in this regard . 
  we can be critical of their decisions and we can even punish these countries for actions that run counter to commitments they signed up for ( mainly through the eu ) . 
  in my opinion , the best way continues to be just doing better through our embracement of liberal values . 
  we need to be vocal about these successes however . 
  well , i do not think that a post-pis govt . 
  would follow the pis path even further . 
  the same can be said for any major western european leader . 
  at least those in the governments are proponents of the `` liberal '' ( in the american sense ) europe . 
  i do not see room for a compromise here , i think the only `` solution '' here is waiting for more `` liberal '' governments in eastern europe . 
  we do not accept blogs as sources . 
  i guess so . 
  we do not accept surveys that have n't been approved by the mod team . 
  interestingly enough , kaczynski has been pretty positive about merkel in an interview in a german newspaper just a few days back . 
  he sees schulz as the much bigger evil for poland . 
  alright , allowed it now . 
  removed . 
  editorialized . 
  well , i love chicago . 
  i 'm actually from the north , i am just living in the south at the moment . 
  but yeah , the situation is excellent here . 
  given that you are from bavaria that 's not exactly surprising given that the csu ensures greater bavarian influence federal level . 
  given your username , i live quite close to you , but i was n't born here and i do n't feel such a strong connection to bavaria . 
  there is a difference between the erziehungsgeld and the betreuungsgeld by he way . 
  the problem i have with it is the fact that the main recipients are low-educated and low-income families who see this as a way to increase their monthly budget . 
  it has the potential to keep children from education and it cements what some people would call `` traditional role distribution '' , hindering the inclusion of women into the labour market . 
   draghi rebuts trump lines on currency wars , bank rules this is the headline i see . 
  are they though ? 
  they might be campaigning for the same person , but their goals are n't identical . 
  voting csu means strengthening the csu on the federal level , which means that they get more of their idiotic pet project like toll roads or the `` herdpr\u00e4mie '' . 
  not really . 
  i could possibly get myself to vote cdu ( i wo n't ) but i will never vote csu . 
  alright . 
   maybe it would be a good idea to take suggestions for questions before the next survey . 
  maybe . 
  i think the current set of questions is a good foundation to build on however . 
   would also be good to see how responses change from one survey to the next . 
  i was actually thinking about doing that with this survey . 
  we still have the old survey results ( 500,000 subscriber survey ) and at least some of the questions were the same . 
  let 's see . 
  honestly , this poll was more than anything a fun question that does n't bear any relevance for us . 
  essentially it boiled down to a name recognition contest more than anything . 
  i `` won '' the mod vote despite having been a mod for about a month at that point , another mod that got quite a lot of votes was demodded during the survey due to inactivity . 
   i vote we send all the `` refugees '' ( illegal economic immigrants ) to greece . 
  which is illegal due to court rulings . 
   there is nothing wrong with providing aid , and helping these people in their own nations . 
  yeah , helping them in syria is certainly a good option ^ / s  inviting all of africa/arabia to europe is literally a disaster . 
  there was no invitation . 
  actually , unlike the us , we have two somewhat decent options . 
  we germans have the best words !, 
  i think there are good arguments to be made about either option . 
  if we had created a megathread for it , people would have complained that we delete regular posts about the issue . 
  depends on which country you are talking about . 
  we already were very lax on these posts , so you do n't really have anything to complain about . 
  yeah , it is still way too early . 
  the word `` vorschusslorbeeren '' comes to mind . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  this kind of rhetoric is n't tolerated here . 
  what about simply reporting comments of this kind to us ? 
  we are not biased against any ethnicity or nationality . 
  and please , watch your language . 
  what you are doing comes close to a personal attack . 
  it is n't . 
  i am simply telling you to follow the rules . 
  if you feel that it is , feel free to shoot a mod mail and other mods will take a look at my comments . 
  no , i am not tempted to say anything of this kind . 
  i will simply remind you that our rules do not allow personal attacks and that further infringements can cause consequences . 
  i do n't care who the other person is or what he said , attacks are simply not tolerated . 
  there are more polite ways of putting this . 
  no personal attacks !, 
  yeah , the numbers total 105 % .
