  which is not strange because the tribunal made their decision on the incorrect assumption , that hamburgs environmental laws at the time were in compliance with eu regulations . 
  they were not . 
  the court has not nullified the tribunals decision but nullified the adapted regulation . 
  vattenfall did not appeal against this decision because unlike the first regulations , this decision was non-discriminatory . 
  the first set of regulation openly had the purpose of shooting down moorburg . 
  which is not wrong * per se * . 
  the old regulations were a little different , but in essence you are right as both regulations go in the same direction . 
  less than 10 % of isds claims are directed at legislative action , and these claims are rarely , if ever , successful . 
  most of the time , it is discriminatory action by a governmental institution . 
  transparent in the very meaning of the word . 
  [ check this ] ( https://www.uncitral.org/pdf/english/texts/arbitration/rules-on-transparency/rules-on-transparency-e.pdf ) - it reads as a direct response to most points of criticism . 
  you do n't need such a guarantee as in the end , both parties have to agree on the arbitrators . 
  parties have the right to decline a proposal of the other party . 
  both sides have an interest in bringing highly qualified professionals to the table - it finds expression in the high arbitration costs . 
  it was n't meant to be contradictory to your statement . 
  it 's just meant so add to the perspective that vattenfall actually did not sue because of the eu laws as the article claims but because it felt discriminated . 
  it 's a claim by some random lawyer . 
  unless the arbitration tribunal agrees with him ( which i deem unlikely ) , we do n't have to care abut this . 
  it 's just mentioned here because it has the potential to make isds look bad . 
  funfact : a court decision has forced hamburg to repeal the concessions made to vattenfall based on eu regulations . 
  vattenfall has not appealed against that decision as it is non-discriminatory unlike the laws enacted prior to the isds case . 
  the ars article is wrong . 
  if you look at his qualifications , the author is a layman when it comes to isds and this article reflects exactly this . 
  wrong . 
  the existing law was changed and was thus the relvant law by the end of 2010 . 
  most of the regulation was enacted by the greens without eu request , aimed only at shutting down this plant . 
  the extension of the operating permissions was enacted in 2010 . 
  the change very much passed , you are mistaken . 
  isds under application of the uncitral rules is transparent . 
  in parts , it is more transparent than regular court processes . 
  you will hardly find people that have better qualifications than isds arbitrators . 
  edit : i i know many people think that isds is very bad . 
  but could you please just reply instead of downvoting ? 
  articles like this are the result of people writing about something they have no clue about . 
  the article is writing a lot of nonsense about the cases involving vattenfall and germany . 
  vattenfall i : vattenfall wanted to build a coal power plant in hamburg . 
  by request of the city of hamburg , they doubled the size of that plant and they were granted a temporary operating license while being promised a permanent one in the near future . 
  shortly after , an election happened and the green party became part of the government of hamburg . 
  the whole election campaign of them was centered around stopping this power plant . 
  once they got into power , they did raise top he environmental requirements for the plant to a level where operating it was no longer profitable . 
  hamburg did not ` capitulate ' as the article writes , both sides gave in on some points in the settlement . 
  what the author writes about the sums is a lot of nonsense , the claims are always multiplefold the actually granted sum in the end ( average compensation payed through isds is $ 20 million ) vattenfall ii : as he said , the claim is not settled yet , but to be honest if they succeeded with it , i would not call this unfair . 
  phasing out nuclear energy half a year after extending the operating licenses while no objective facts have changed ( fukushima has no further implications for germany ) is a political decision that was unwarranted . 
   imo it needs to be a fully transparent international court rather than an opaque court of arbitration ) but something like isds is still needed . 
  pretty much everyone in the world agrees on that . 
  this is why we have the uncitral transparency rules which are designed to fix the transparency shortcomings you mentioned . 
  the french wanted to claim 50 % share and technological leadership of dassault , which is entirely unacceptable for the other countries . 
  the same is true in most european countries . 
  the definition of ` direct election ' is a bit unclear and , as someone stated in this thread , is object to translation inaccuracies . 
  not really . 
  nukes all over the world significantly cooled the desire for war down . 
  inner-european peace ( in an area that was previously notorious for fighting wars every few years ) is n't accomplished through military strength . 
  i never implied that . 
  not all eu countries are ez countries , but all ez countries are eu countries ( statelets aside ) . 
  my point is that if you are paying with a joint currency , you are more likely to notice that you are part of something bigger . 
  it doesnt ? 
  what is contradictory in your opinion ? 
  so what ? 
  this doesnt change the fact that it is france that is blocking the change . 
  france has the power to allow for change but refuses to do so . 
  so france is to blame . 
  fortunately we only have very minor differences in the elections which are explained on the ballot . 
  yet people still fuck up sometimes . 
  sounds like you need to read a manual every time you vote . 
  it was dark and he did not realize what he stuck his di ** in . 
  is it such a mess ? 
  [ day of the german unity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_unity_day ) on october 3rd in celebration of the reunification in 1990 . 
  this holiday existed even before the reunification , on a different date ( 17th of june ) for a different purpose , but called the same . 
  it used to be a holiday in response to the democratic uprising and subsequent crackdown in the gdr in 1953 as a sign of solidarity , as a sign that we are in fact one nation . 
  funfact : in 1990 , we had two ` days of german unity ' . 
  according to dera study conducted in the beginning of the 90s , the typhoon [ beat every plane ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/bvr_combat_rating_vs_su-35_dra%2brand_data.jpg ) other than the f-22 in direct combat with the su-35 . 
  the ` issue ' is the same as with the mbts today - nobody knows how a leopard 2 fares against an abrahms or a t-90 simply because we dont have conflicts that would ` allow ' us to get data ( thank god ) . 
  every country is going to tell you that their system is the best and superior to the others . 
  truth is : pretty much all western current-gen jets are pretty decent , with weaknesses and strengths located at different areas . 
  of course , problems can arise with any system . 
  the f-22 was tested in simulated combat against typhoons and rafales , five out of six dogfights between the f-22 and the rafale ended with a draw . 
  so much for ` vast superiority ' . 
  the same is true for the leclerc . 
  its a decent tank , but too expensive and not competitive on the export market . 
  im interested to see how kant will do in the future . 
  maybe ponies are counted as half horses \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  `` on the rise '' - 10.5 cases, 
   ask eu laws about that last question ... : / there is one major force preventing it , which is the french govt . 
  you really cant blame this on ` eu laws ' . 
   india is going to produce rafale by its own so yes , there 's tech transfer there . 
  these plans have been cancelled as far as i am concerned . 
  currently , all that is finalized is selling 36 planes to india . 
   i 'm not saying all the deals were canceled based on these issues but some were . 
  which proves your initial point wrong . 
   it 's also true that wether you sell or not your planes depends a lot on the us policy . 
  the us changing its diplomacy toward certain states and conflicts has a huge impact and the rafale is very good option for a country which wants to take some distance with the us , as well as russian aircrafts . 
  agreed . 
  as are the gripen or the typhoon . 
  however it is a bit more complicated with the typhoon due to german export reluctance . 
   you have to had to that the fact that it takes a while for countries to weight the pros and cons of having such expensive aircrafts . 
  change of government can mean change of defense budget , etc. 
  yes , but this is usually expressed by reducing existing orders or cancelling contracts . 
   wow the last number i saw was 150 million usd per f35 . 
  this number includes maintenance for 30 years if i am not mistaken ( 5.5 billion for 85 jets , 9.1 operating cost and maintenance for 30 years ) . 
  they lowered their order since , this might have caused an increase in price .
