  rising prices for housing can be observed in most european countries however and it is not directly related to the currency . 
  it is actually kind of sad that the people have such a flawed understanding of the reality . 
  people want our old currency back `` because it was a stable , low-inflation currency '' - well , the dmark actually had a higher inflation rate than the euro . 
  and people are complaining about the prices in germany ... 
  well , if there is one thing that has increased the price for cigarettes in the last decade , it was taxes and not the inflation connected or disconnected to a currently . 
  i think they are a bad good to measure price increases for that reason . 
  well , `` now '' is 14 years later . 
  we are beyond the point where we could measure whether these changes are related to the euro or not . 
  it is very much possible that exactly the same would have happened under the dm . 
  i think you are being a bit too friendly with the merchants here by attributing everything to `` convenience adaptions '' . 
  i do not think that there was a major rise in prices , but some companies certainly seized the opportunity . 
   the thing is , a lot of people associate this with the euro . 
  but it has nothing to do with it . 
  it 's because of the lack of competition or the lack of price control . 
  well , the increases in 2001 and 2002 are not exactly worrisome and can be attributed to general inflation . 
  i did never claim that there was no increase after the euro was introduced , i said that there were no significant increases * due * to the euro . 
  a 27 % increase in eight years is still tolerable . 
  the rent levels during the change from dm to eur were stagnant at best ( national average ) . 
  i am obviously not from the mentioned countries , but here is what happened in germany : the merchants used the new currency as a way to increase prices without anyone noticing . 
  yes , we have seen the prices of certain goods rising . 
  but what matters equally ( and what is ignored by many people ) is that the everyday prices ( rent , utility , services ) has actually decreased . 
  the overall balance was relatively neutral . 
  claims that it lead to ridiculous increases overall are exaggerated . 
  it was certainly not inflation however . 
  only talking about the first few years of course . 
  hey , at least he will turn eighteen this year !, 
  ca n't believe we are approaching an age where people born in 2000 are adults . 
  quality content i guess ? 
  why is there no data on greece ? 
  actually , we had a similar proposal in germany a few years back , based on combatting child pornography , lead by our current mod and then-minister of family affairs . 
  it failed . 
  i think terrorism is still the best bet if you really want it . 
   but is jail really useful ? 
  that is honestly not the point . 
  yes , jail is in part about preventing further crime and about resocialization . 
  but there is also the `` punishment '' part of it . 
  it is about sending a sign that you can not simply evade a sentence just by getting old . 
   i wish we could force him to do something more ... productive ? 
  the man sits in a wheelchair . 
  there really is n't much `` productive '' stuff that could be done by him . 
   the trial was useful to get his testimony about what happened , the mindset of his fellow guards , the atrocities he witnessed , it 's great making sure he plays his role so that we never forget about it but he does n't seem to be more than a cog in a machine that swallowed millions . 
  the machinery would not have worked without these people however . 
  yes , persons could be replaced , but this only works if there are people willing to serve . 
   but what do i know , right ? 
  maybe it actually helps some of the survivors get closure . 
  hopefully . 
  -- -- -- sidenote : it is not said that he will actually serve a prison sentence . 
  it is possible that he is deemed unfit for prison ( given his appearance and age , not unlikely in my opinion ) . 
  but this should not affect the sentence itself . 
  the judge can not really say `` you are guilty of participation in a mass murder of 100k + people '' and then dismiss the case/punishment alltogether . 
  it is about justice for the people who suffered in these camps and about sending a message . 
  prosecuting the `` helpers '' in the kzs is one of the last pieces remaining in our long way of dealing with our history . 
  so are ` rules ' that women have to obey their men . 
  i wish the survey would be a bit more specific . 
  but yes , this is a little worrisome . 
  well , you have a good point somewhat . 
  but consider this : it is perfectly legal to discriminate against homosexuals . 
  unfortunately . 
  i dislike this , but it is the reality . 
  a polygamous marriage on the other hand can be seen as multiple , independent , heteresexual marriages - which are n't at a disadvantage in the legal system . 
  is this outcome ridiculous ? 
  yes . 
  should this be changed ? 
  yes , without doubt - we should completely equalize homosexual marriage . 
  but will the current situation be invalidated in front of a court ? 
  unlikely . 
  maas ' proposal was already met with criticism from the legal community . 
  we 'll have an election next year . 
   well , if you mean protection from potentially living from hartz 4 , which is the social safety net that exists for everybody , then yes , i am weakening that protection , because i think they are not entitled to it in the first place . 
  this does not even make sense . 
   and i would n't say it is without a gain , since ultimately it is money that we save and can invest elsewhere ( like improving hartz 4 for example ) . 
  what money are you talking about ? 
   should stop giving people engaged in polygamy benefits over people in monogamous relationships . 
  apart from : this is not happening . 
  not at all . 
  this actually does not matter since our laws are not based on sharia either . 
  apart from that , you could probalby say that a lot of the `` common sense laws '' ( not killing etc. ), 
  have a history in the bible . 
  the married person has a better legal standing and will get a certain amount tax free . 
  it actually does n't . 
  society is not harmed by the way it is currently handled . 
  neither are the people affected . 
  this would probably survive the courts . 
  our problem is that our system was never designed to deal with polygamy and our courts are trying their best to get our system and foreign elements under the same hat . 
  as i have already stated multiple times , there are limits . 
  if it violates human or fundamental rights , it wo n't be enforced . 
  you should take a look at the eu regulation i linked somewhere in this thread . 
   still quite religious wot ? 
  i 'm used to it ... 
  thanks for the kind words . 
  yes , so what ? 
  still a contract . 
  how so ? 
  by legal definition ( at least in germany ) , marriage is a contract between two people . 
  but that is not even the point here . 
  yes , of course . 
  but believing that polygamous marriage should be allowed without actually practicing it is not problematic for our society . 
   conservatives hold large enough political power to prevent gay marriage from being law . 
  actually the electorate is * in favor * of gay marriage . 
  even a majority of cdu voters is .
