   as tsipras put it , they spent the 5 months mostly negotiating and not governing . 
  because it was necessary . 
  i totally disagree with tsipras on this . 
  it is not like the entirety of greek lawmakers is spending all of their time negotiating with the troika . 
  germany takes part in pretty much all of the debt talks , meanwhile they are negotiating with iran and they are also pushing legislation at home . 
  tsipras does not need to write laws himself , he does not need to decide everything on his own . 
  there are a lot of ministers who seem to spend more time commenting on the negotiations than working on their field of influence . 
  improvements to the judiciary system , streamlining the procedures in the authorities , fighting corruption , all of this does not require tspiras overlooking every step . 
  all of the mentioned is possible without much money required , claiming that you cant work because you are negotiating is just wrong . 
  money ! = debt relief . 
  an investment program for greece does not have to be accompanied with a debt relief . 
  the interest payments of greece and the maturity of the bonds is already extremely benefitial , a debt cut would actually not change much currently . 
  long term , yes , but this is not a solution for the short-term problems . 
  does anybody deny that it is flawed ? 
  the euro was never meant to remain a single action , a fiscal union and even a political union was meant to follow . 
  unfortunately this faces a lot more opposition than a joint currency . 
  i do not contest that ( even though shortly after the euro , the agenda 2010 reforms began , they might also have played a role in this ) . 
  however , we are not talking about dissolving the euro here , but about some country/countries leaving . 
  this would surely bring the value of the euro up , nevertheless it would still be valued lower than a neo-mark . 
  he isnt pushing his opinion now either . 
  he still acts according to the political will over here , and there is no will for a haircut in our parliament . 
  merkel and sch\u00e4uble would need to use a giant amount of political capital to get this through . 
  value creation offers a lot of possibilities for growth even with limited resources . 
  it is more like : this man is drowning . 
  we will throw him a lifebelt every few days so he will stay afloat . 
  hopefully he will be able to swim to the coast again . 
  we could also try to rescue him with a motor boat , or at least meet him half way , however the people that own the boat are unwilling to pay for the fuel . 
  isnt that what sch\u00e4uble already said years ago according to the nsa leaks ? 
   the ecb might yet embark on qe ( although not in january , three days before the greek election ) . 
  in fact they announced qu 15 days later , still in january  while even in and of itself , the optimists could be wrong here . 
  while a lower euro helps , the eurozone is a relatively closed economy , and if the ecb underwhelms on qe , the euro could move back up . 
  the euro is still pretty low  deflationary bias , the sado monetarist are not helping but hindering . 
  germany runs a 7.5 % current account surplus , the netherlands a truly bizarre 10 % , meaning the country is saving 10 % more than it invests . 
  it 's pretty clear where the adjustment has to come from . 
  is he talking about primary surplus ? 
  there is no way that we have a total surplus of 7.5 %, 
  i actually dont want to talk about migrants because it always prompts some statements that look like we are / r/european . 
  people hardly agree on anything in that topic , some suggest violating international conventions and our own values to ` solve ' the problem . 
  however , i dont downvote these threads , some people might like it . 
  we will certainly see countries like china get close unless things change drastically . 
  see other answer . 
  still he has credibility to call for a fight against corruption . 
  when i wrote my reply , your edit didnt show up yet . 
  still there is a difference between `` did n't need to be repayed '' and `` needed to be repayed in parts '' . 
  i dont understand how the people get towards this 15/85 relation for germany . 
  germany recieved about 1.4 billion and repayed 1 billion . 
  / r/travel would be better suited for this . 
  this sub is more about politics . 
  how is that ridiculous ? 
  you can learn from mistakes , this doesnt repeal your right to criticize others for doing the same . 
  corruption is bad , no matter what . 
  you can become a leader even with an ` unclean ' past . 
  we had a chancellor who used to be a nazi . 
  merkel used to be a secretary for the sed in the gdr . 
  what matters is how well suited you are for the job . 
  it did for some countries . 
  like germany . 
  the marshal funds for germany were a loan aswell . 
  the largest sum went to banks in greece ( amongst the banks , private holders is a different story ) . 
  until the less developed countries reach the same level as we , there is certainly growth possible . 
  they wont . 
  germany didnt have a problem exporting before 2008 . 
  a few years back , representatives of our industry said that an exchange rate of 1,30 $ / 1 $ would be ideal . 
  i cant see the euro skyrocketing over maybe 1,35 after a grexit . 
  they will surely be affected , but it wont ruin their business . 
  this is correct . 
  there is a fear amongst our politicians that a france without reforms will be doomed in the long term . 
  because the money has to come from somewhere . 
  no matter if you do it through inflating the currency or by taking the money from the people/banks who hold debt - the savings of the average people will take a significant hit . 
  this is nothing but a bullshit conspiracy theory without fundament . 
  from what i have read , most of the greek money stayed in europe . 
  money in tax havens is not irreversible . 
  especially once all the participating parties give full access to european tax agencies . 
  it is actually : you can not reach into the pocket of a naked man . 
  my point remains . 
  there are still some shitheads going there , even for the `` normal '' parties . 
  you wont find a majority for that . 
  the fta is highly disputed by many countries . 
  a single corporate tax wont happen since it is the main competitive advantage of some countries . 
  the ez does hot have the right to issue taxes afaik . 
   these people are supposed to be mep 's there are a lot of shitheads that are meps unfortunately . 
  nazis , communists , satirists , you name it . 
   1 . - proportionally the debt reduction granted to greece in march 2012 is far smaller that the one granted to germany . 
  in total , in terms of relation to gdp of both the creditor states and greece , it is a lot more . 
  this can not really serve as an argument . 
  a 60 % writeoff is impressive , however it still was realistic ( the debt was about 10 % of german gdp at that time ) . 
  contrary in greece , a 60 % writeoff would be a major setback for all lenders , 60 % of 180 % is ridiculous . 
   3 . - greece must privatise its assets to foreign investors whereas germany was prompted to control key economic sectors along with a fast-expanding public sector . 
  this however was normal at that time . 
  the time of privatizing public stuff started like 30 years ago . 
  - greece must pay in euros while its trade balance with european partners ( particularly germany and france ) is negative , whereas germany paid most of its debts with strongly devalued deutsche marks . 
  this is hardly the fault of the euro zone . 
  greece has no other currency it could pay in . 
  -- the greek central bank is not allowed to lend money to the greek government while the deutsche bank did lend to the german government and ran the printing press ( though moderately ) . 
  the ecb indirectly does exactly this . 
  -- germany was allowed not to use more than 5 % of its export revenues to pay its debt while no limit has been set for greece . 
  contrary to germany , their export sector is so insignificant that it doesnt really matter if they use 5 % , 10 % or 20 % . 
   10 . - in the case of germany the agreement contained the possibility of suspending payments while conditions were renegotiated in the case of a substantial change that reduced available resources . 
  nothing similar is mentioned in the case of greece . 
  this is completely unrealistic .
