  but it 's not like we need the money . 
  we are perfectly capable of financing the refugees in germany . 
  what matters more is that money makes its way into the region , supporting the lions share of refugees that are still located in syrias neighbor countries . 
  compared to them , europe has taken in very little refugees . 
   subjective . 
  true , does n't change the fact that this contradicts your statement . 
   not that hard really that 's a bullshit argument . 
  if you apply this logic - it does n't matter at all whether the uk exits the eu . 
  they will be able to purchase forged uk passports anyways . 
  easy . 
  come on , that 's kind of a weak try for a comeback on this argument . 
   tbd you would be kind of stupid not to . 
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35231046 you do realize that you are posting an article , written at a time where little facts were known , as a source ? 
  that 's one way to go with it - does n't change the fact that even those who did * not * vote for the government can be held accountable for its actions . 
  and rightfully so . 
  representative democracy does n't exist for fun and giggles . 
  it is empowered to take actions that will legally bind the country , including all its citizens . 
   my tax money is being used to pay for the security and housing for them , it 's affecting me . 
  too bad that your country is actively resettling refugees from camps into your country then . 
  and before you argue that they should n't - no , its the perfectly right thing to do . 
   because our country actually does its job . 
  i would say because your country is located on a * fucking island * . 
   sure it will . 
  all those migrants who get eu passports wo n't be able to hop across the english channel without being vetted by us first . 
  you do realize that getting a eu passport is kind of tough ? 
  most of the people coming here will not be eligible for it and even those that are will likely struggle to meet the criteria . 
  also : do n't be ridiculous . 
  there will certainly be a visa waiver program for eu citizens after brexit . 
  kind of funny given that it never even affected you in a major way . 
  the number of people that actually managed to get into the uk is actually laughable . 
  apart from that - where is the alternative ? 
  exiting the eu wo n't really change a thing for the uk in this regard . 
  if you had just a little slice of legal knowledge , you would know that this is inaccurate . 
  every other country in the eu is free to accept refugees , even if they entered the eu somewhere else . 
  apart from this : there was n't even a * possibility * to send people back to greece due to court rulings . 
  that 's too easy . 
  you can not get rid of responsibility by blaming it on your ( elected ! ), 
  politicians . 
  yeah , of course it 's only syria where refugees can come from . 
  ever heared about eritrea or iraq ? 
  that 's not up to you to decide , it 's up to the authorities . 
  and , at least speaking for germany , around 60 % are currently being accepted as legitimate refugees or asylum seekers . 
  while the share of syrians is currently 30.8 % . 
  nobody here has claimed that a majority of refugees are syrians . 
   because ... because the ballots were stored under that roof . 
  could n't agree more . 
   those german judges look downright magnificent , though !, 
  that 's just the constitutional court , though . 
  modelled after 15th century venetian robes if i am not mistaken . 
  the robes of our regular judges look just like yours - the only difference being that our male judges wear plain white ties . 
  fair enough . 
  a slight polling majority is a slight polling majority , no matter the margin of error . 
  of course it is within the margin of error , this does n't change the result of the polling . 
  it is important to keep the error margin in mind , but this doesnt make this headline any less true . 
  sorry , minor brain lag . 
  el it is - even more confusing . 
  well , it 's confusing enough that your abbreviation is `` el '' in the eurostat sources . 
   i am pretty sure that there have been other polls since the referendum that have said that there is a majority in favour of staying in the eu . 
  at least those posted here on / r/europe mirrored the referendum result pretty well . 
  this is legitimately the first poll i see having a majority for `` stay '' . 
   i do n't think this poll changes much . 
  i do n't think that this poll changes much either , i simply contest that this headline should be labeled as `` misleading '' . 
  well , post-brexit polls suggested that a majority was in favor of that decision . 
  this is the first poll that says something else . 
  ... unless it itches . 
  the colored french soldiers wore in ww1 also represented power and prestige - it did n't really balance out that they were simply not useful anymore . 
  if i am honest , i already thought about that . 
  i did too . 
  i really have troubles listening to sabine schmitz on new top gear for example . 
  but people that enjoyed higher education usually do n't have these people 's with english . 
   if those courts are applied often enough government will think twice before making a law that hurts a multinational 's profits . 
  do you have any clue how rare these cases are ? 
  the law can hurt profits as much as it wants as long as it does n't violate fair and equitable treatment , as long as it is n't discriminatory . 
   `` these disputes will be dealt with by national courts . '' and exactly this is n't going to happen . 
  it 's just not realistic . 
  you can not really get rid of it without leaving the eu however . 
  i am perfectly aware what the echr is . 
  at this point , you are just showing off . 
   the title could very well be labeled as downright misleading . 
  it clearly says `` poll finds '' - not exactly misleading if you ask me . 
  i want this so much ( even though i do n't even own a tv ) !, 
  they could also just play [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdfjxj5egqi ) . 
  would create an interesting atmosphere while judging on very severe issues . 
   would be nice in the winter time i hope your court rooms feature nice fireplaces to go with those . 
  they actually look quite cozy . 
  i really doubt that this is skin . 
  just a case of shitty photo quality with an unfortunate shirt colour . 
  [ high res pic with silly hats as a bonus ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/politik/deutschland/mobile111802237/1417931947-coriginal-wwidth/bundesverfassungsgericht-zu-deals-in-strafprozessen.jpg ), 
  i am not saying that we should abandon all old customs . 
  britain has a long tradition and they have every right in the world to maintain their silly wigs . 
  hell , the german constitutional court judges do n't look [ that modern either ] ( http://www.heise.de/imgs/18/4/5/7/4/7/8/bundesverfassungsgericht-1senat_vorratsdaten-6a43878089521c82.png ) . 
  however , talking as a law student who might become a judge at some point , i would feel rather silly wearing a wig . 
  the echr infringing with the parliamentary souvereignty was a common theme for criticism over the recent years though and it was also part of the brexit campaign iirc . 
  and it 's pictures like these that make me really appreciate that our judges do n't wear wigs anymore . 
  kind of a shame . 
  what might play into it is the fact that prime time for the us is getting close . 
  even if that is true - please refrain from posting stupid picture stories like this in the future . 
  if there is an issue , there will be a newspaper article about it . 
  and there are plenty articles on the issue . 
  this has already been debunked .
