   at least 300,000 more migrants are expected to arrive in germany in 2016 , according to frank-j\u00fcrgen weise , the head of the country 's migration office , bamf . 
  given recent numbers , it 's not that unlikely that we will not reach 300,000 people . 
   including an epidemic of rapes and sexual assaults he quotes another article as basis for this `` epidemic '' - all that this article does is quote singular cases and proceeds to call it an epidemic . 
   mass migration is also accelerating the islamization of germany . 
  again , no source , no basis for this quote . 
   in the article , an 18-year-old syrian migrant named aras bacho called on germans who are angry about the migrant crisis to leave germany . 
  he wrote : `` we refugees ... are fed up with the angry citizens ( wutb\u00fcrger ) . '', 
  it is kind of interesting that the quotes leave out important parts . 
  like the part that the original quote is `` we , the refugees , as well as the germans are fed up with the angry citizens '' . 
  this gives a completely different sound to the message . 
  the article is not about refugees wanting to throw germans out , it is a complaint about people that are full of hatred against everything that they deem `` foreign '' . 
  no matter how well-integrated the people are , no matter what they do , these people will complain about it . 
  and mr. bacho is right in saying that this pisses off native germans as well as refugees . 
   in may 2016 , the newsmagazine , focus , reported that germans have been moving to hungary . 
  a real estate agent in a town near lake balaton , a popular tourist destination in western hungary , said that 80 % of the germans relocating there cite the migration crisis as the main reason for their desire to leave germany . 
  yeah , some racist nutjobs were so afraid of immigrants , they chose to become immigrants themselves instead . 
  it 's not like they experienced bad things , they just made this move based on a `` feeling '' . 
   an anonymous german citizen who emigrated from germany recently wrote an `` open letter to the german government . '', 
  the document , which was published on the website politically incorrect , states : yeah sure , quote pi-news , a conspiracy website that hates muslims . 
   many germans have noted the trend toward reverse integration , in which german families are expected to adapt to the customs and mores of migrants , rather than the other way around . 
  you are seriously bold enough to say that `` many germans have noted a trend '' based on one fucking letter ? 
  well , i worded it as neutral as possible since i am not in a position to judge this . 
   i 've been 47 ~ kg for about 10 last years this does n't say much without knowing about your gender , height and possibly age . 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
   do you guys think an eu-wide law that a tax on sugar has to be implemented in every country would be a good idea ? 
  the problem is that there is no sweetspot for such a tax . 
  either you make everything extremely expensive or it wo n't have pretty much any effect . 
  sugar is dirt-cheap even if you imposed a tax of 100 % , you would probably be around 1 $ / kg . 
   it would force food companies to make their foods healthier and result in a healthier population so i think it would be a good idea . 
  not really . 
  look at coke - nobody is going to buy healthy drinks instead just because coke is 1,20 instead of 1,00 . 
  after the chinese took over , it saw massive investments , a significant spike in activity and profitability . 
  the chinese are attempting to turn the port into a strategic hub in europe for chinese goods . 
  on the other side , there were complains about worse work conditions and lower pay for the workers . 
   stadtwerke frankfurt am main holding gmbh it is essentially a holding owned by the city of frankfurt where they combined some of their assets . 
  this means that a majority of fraport is in fact owned by the public hand . 
  i think worded it a bit poorly , but it is still perfectly understandable what i was trying to say . 
  this is not about naivety , but about living here and knowing the people here . 
  if the term is used nowadays , there is no intent of this kind involved , nor would it have any effect , as i already elaborated . 
   i guess the actual trigger is that poland has recently criminalized the wording ` polish death camps ' , much to dismay of / r/europe , who jumped on the ` neo-fascist polish government ' bandwagon and said it 's against freedom of speech . 
  this , and other articles from german press , actually show such move is warranted and should be respected . 
  i do n't give a fuck about whether it is against the freedom of speech , i just think that it is a ridiculous law , especially when you are using germany as an example . 
  germany is the worst possible example for this - simply because everyone here fucking knows that the camps were `` ours '' , just located in poland . 
  you can not really cause misunderstandings with the term here . 
   yes , and if we have to buy gas from germans it will be even more expensive . 
  unlikely . 
   it 's not easy to reduce your dependencies , if you have the biggest coal supplies in europe , have all the infrastructure based on coal plants , have thousand of unionised people working in the mines ( that is a really big problem , as these unions frequently blackmail the government with violent protests and are the main reason behind inefficiencies of the mines and the high cost of coal ) , poland does not even come close to germany in terms of coal reseves and we were a country extremely dependent on coal at some point in time . 
  ruhr area ...  as well as having most energy-aggressive country as your sole gas supplier and a bunch of foreign-funded ecoterrorists attacking any proposal different than ` put whole poland under solar panels ' ( yeah , i know they are , as most people , not aware it 's neither possible nor desirable ) . 
  germany does not have a `` sole gas supplier '' and there are alternatives to coal that are not solar . 
  we could surely need some planes to prop up our air force ^ ^ / s  they denied it and the ship was scraped unfortunately . 
  due to financial reasons . 
  kind of a shame , we have not a single major warship from the pre-1949 era as a museum , only a few submarines . 
  learning from the past does not mean that you have to repeat it , like you implied in your earlier post . 
  quite the contrary , it is * because * of our past that we are living in peace now . 
   if it does not then why not just gazprom builds it what it have to do with germany then lol teritorial waters also counts as eu soil . 
  i am not sure about the ownership of the miles in our terrtorial waters , but our legal experts are convinced that it 's fine . 
  we will find out i guess . 
   `` why does poland have death camps ? '', 
  uh , this might trigger some people ... 
   i do not see how ss violated eu law and ns2 '' does not . 
  the gas provider must not own a majority state in pipelines on european soil . 
  ss would have gone over european soil , ns2 does n't . 
   this resolution is the main reason bulgaria canceled south stream source on that ? 
  i have read different things . 
   it is extremly important that the eu parliament act similarly otherwise it would look like a hypocrite it is not like anyone would notice . 
   in effect rising prices and severely reducing our power safety . 
  poland is paying significantly more than germany , no matter what . 
   does that look like a sane and reasonable plan from eu , or rather a lobbyist driven effort to kill our already stagnating industry ? 
  to be honest , you seriously missed the timing for reducing dependence on coal ... 
   oh i mytyped hence my confusion . 
  i am not aware of any resolutions against ns2 . 
   but if south stream could not go forvard than why should ns2 because ns2 was n't discontinued due to the linked resolution . 
  the circumstances are different , ss violated eu law , ns2 does n't . 
  there was also political pressure from third parties involved with ss . 
   both can be seen as a threat to ukraine 's energy security . 
  ukraine 's energy security is not a concern that will cause the eu to prohibit the building of ns2 however . 
   i hope the eu parliament makes a resolution against ns2 as well , otherwise they are the biggest hypocrite as these resolutions are n't binding , it does n't matter anyways , does it ? 
   care to list them ? 
  as far as i know the only principal members are germany and france . 
  omv is a principal member - austrian . 
  shell is dutch . 
   you mean that building another pipe from the monopolist supplier if i am not mistaken , this only applies to pipelines on eu soil . 
  ns2 does n't go on any soil . 
  it is different with the pipelines distributing the gas afterwards , but these pipelines are not majority-owned by gazprom . 
   circumventing the whole ee there is no law against that . 
  there is not even an eu goal that says you have to build your pipes through ee . 
   ( and also disabling one of poland 's crucial port in \u015awinouj\u015bcie , due to shallow pipeline position ) tusk and numerous experts have confirmed that the port is not hindered by ns . 
   is not against the plans for common energy policy , which calls for uniform , standardized and diversified supply of cheap gas for all eu members ? 
  these are not legally binding laws however . 
  sorry if it sucks , but it just is n't . 
  it is a goal , nothing more . 
   merkel and her government also support it many european countries support it . 
  the alliance building ns2 involves companies from multiple european countries . 
   merkel and her government also support it , though it 's against multitude of eu regulations , including the recent one for common energy policy . 
  there is no evidence of that . 
  your previous statement said north stream prior to your edit 2 . 
  how is that related to anything ? 
  this does not contest the point that germany supported ss nor did it in fact contest anything that i said or claimed . 
   you 're right that russia-ukraine gas feuds were here before , but since 2014 , the geopolitical conditions changed , you ca n't deny that .
