  the dismantling of industry in western germany was about equal to the dismantling done in the territory of the later gdr ( 5.4 / 5 billion dm ) . 
  given the fact that the population and industrial capacity of eastern germany was multiple times lower , i would call this `` favorable treatment '' , especially when you consider that the gdr had nothing like the * ruhrgebiet * . 
  if you adjust the numbers to the gdp of 1949 , the dismantling was around 6.8 % of gdp in w. germany and about 22.4 % in e. germany . 
  i would call this favorable . 
  additionally , the dismantling is not the only thing that i call ` favorable ' considering the treatment of w. germany . 
   ( aircraft , arms , heavy machinery etc. ), 
  not actually surprising to prohibit this . 
  asides from that fact that their part of their `` own country '' was not directly connected to the mainland . 
  ( yes , it changed with the annexation of poland , but still a large difference ) . 
  different people follow different attempts concerning it . 
  i just outlined one reason why some people want one . 
  it would all depend on the design of such a law , it could cause both . 
  you could add the evacuation of two million people by the * kriegsmarine * at the end of the war . 
  however , is that really a * proud * moment ? 
  i am not that certain that we can really be ` proud ' about that . 
  i think you need do differenciate . 
  they did not call it `` country of immigrants '' but a `` country of/with immigration '' . 
  i suppose it is a little lost in the translation . 
  [ maybe the fact that we are the 2nd most popular immigration destination in the world , right behind the us ? 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/germany-ranks-second-most-popular-immigration-destination-310486 ), 
  i am not talking about marshal here . 
  the effect of the marshal plan on germany has always been greatly overexaggerated . 
  however , we got a debt relief in 1953 , we got favorable treatment by the western powers in creating a powerful exporting industry , compared to what happened in the gdr most that was left of our industrial machinery remained intact and in germany . 
  [ i found this ] ( https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t31.0-8/s720x720/902086_747223738653565_7646891231554419790_o.png ) - especially stating that the poll is * not * representative . 
  i suppose they only use this method . 
  a law that regulates immigration . 
  we have something like this , but many people feel that it is too open and that we should shift to a system of the likes of canada , judging applicants on several points . 
  there is no political and social will to deploy our armies anywhere currently though . 
  creating camps of this kind in syria is just unrealistic , same goes for the influence areas of the daesh . 
  camps of this kind would quickly turn into a target for certain groups . 
  turkish-style refugee camps do not sound that bad , however you need to find areas where to build them that are in relative safety . 
  not everyone recieved the support germany did . 
  this might be true for some refugees , for many it depends on external factors however . 
  this however is not a ` moment ' by my definition . 
  i certainly am happy about the fact that we managed that ( with a lot of help and goodwill ) , nevertheless its not an event . 
  well , i did not expect them to be that uncommon as seen in some other countries . 
  your personal environment really influences your thinking , but how are you going to know ? 
  its not exactly the most interesting topic , 
  we dont really have much to be proud of in recent history , so i 'd go with the reunification/fall of the wall . 
  well its the best way to go if you dont want to lose faith in humanity . 
  contrary to the common belief , the number of landline phones is not decreasing ( in germany ) . 
  in fact , the amount of people that said they wanted to keep their land line has increased in the last years . 
  germany is one of the countries with the highest share of [ landline phones ( page 17 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_381_en.pdf ) , at 89 % of households . 
  yes , it might still be a little biased , but i would argue that it is neglectable in this case . 
  i for myself know very few people who do not own a land line phone anymore , however that is only anecdotal experience . 
  not really . 
  these people were born and grew up in e.g. 
  eastern prussia . 
  they went to areas of germany that were a lot different and far away from their usual habitat and many of them were not recieved very friendly . 
  you could also put it this way : a lot of german people were refugees in other european countries during ww2 , after the war ended we had 12 million ( somewhat german ) refugees from the former eastern territories . 
  in this way , it is paying respect to experiences of the past , not shaking them off . 
  i suspected something like this as well , but i could not find * any * information about their telephone polls on the ntv website . 
  [ a good read for you ] ( http://www.sdi-research.at/aktuell/wissen/repraesentativitaet.html ) . 
  if you call it bollocks , you are simply ignoring the results of decades of polling . 
  you are cherrypicking the only question of that kind though . 
  i would prefer it if you could write in english , but whatever . 
  1251 polled people are enough to give a solid impression for the opinion of the whole country . 
  you should have spent more attention in math class , a sample size this big has little to no margin of error . 
  so i did some research and that poll was conducted in the beginning of july . 
  so , one and a half months ago , even before the negotiations for the third bailout started . 
  the difference is that the poll you mentioned was abstract , the one i posted is about the negotiated agreement . 
  also , i could not find any information on the sample size or how the n-tv poll was conducted . 
  would you be so kind to link that poll ? 
  also , nobody in the poll posted above advocated for giving money to greece . 
  debt relief is something else . 
  you mean the comment sections of spiegel and zeit ? 
  again , pretty much the same demographic as people who e.g. 
  comment on * welt * . 
  you also find a lot of conspiracy theories there , including brd gmbh , chemtrails and else . 
  there are no reliable polls that indicate otherwise . 
  what is intransparent about these polls ? 
  they are usually conducted by phone , asking people that are randomly selected . 
  comment sections are a very specific environment . 
  they are not representative of the average opinion , same goes for reddit . 
  however , polls that are conducted with enough people have a very little margin of error ( around 2 % in this case ) . 
   with german companies first in line . 
  any proof for that ? 
  so far , the port was sold to the chinese and the airports were sold to the germans who were selected amongst the bidders . 
   most of which went back to banks in france and germany wrong , most of it went to the greek banks which had an exposure multiple times the one of germany or france . 
   fraport , which ironically is majority-owned by state and local governments funfact - fraport is capable of running its business . 
  it does not really matter if government-owned or not , if you can run your business and remain profitable , there is no issue . 
   has cherry-picked among greece 's network of regional airports to take over only those that make a profit any reliable source for this ? 
  i have read otherwise . 
   even with the announcement of the concession by the greek government , however , the german company indicated that it might seek better terms than those previously agreed upon . 
  this was * after * syriza stopped the privatization the former government had committed to . 
   state-owned electricity and train operations are also targeted for privatization . 
  most european countries do not own these anymore . 
  why should greece have the luxury of doing so ? 
  also , state-owned train operation is almost always extremely inefficient and uncompetitive . 
  edit : instead of downvoting you could just reply and point out where i am wrong . 
  well , they need to be able to bring through the agreed reforms in order to keep the country running . 
  which essentially means that they need to get rid of the people blocking this , so - yes . 
  with the separation of syriza and the left platform executed last night , tspiras ( if reelected ) will have a stable majority for bringing through the negotiated reforms as he got rid of the people blocking them . 
  it also opens him up to more moderate coalition partners , if needed . 
   with german companies first in line . 
  any proof for that ? 
  so far , the port was sold to the chinese and the airports were sold to the germans who were selected amongst the bidders . 
   most of which went back to banks in france and germany wrong , most of it went to the greek banks which had an exposure multiple times the one of germany or france . 
   fraport , which ironically is majority-owned by state and local governments funfact - fraport is capable of running its business . 
  it does not really matter if government-owned or not , if you can run your business and remain profitable , there is no issue .
