  but since neither side knows what the other side will end up conceding , planning can only get you so far . 
  still ambitious to aim for a deal within two years . 
  of course there will be preparations . 
  it however is unlikely that there will be talks . 
  i still seriously doubt that the eu will start any negotiations before art . 
  50 is triggered , no matter the power struggle . 
   the text that has been revealed so far makes for amazing source . 
  it 's literally unreadable even for legal professionals because of how it 's written . 
  that 's because a legal professional is not a legal professional for trade agreements . 
   problem here , the whole is intentionally so overly complex that no one can clearly state the outcomes . 
  the `` conspiracy theory '' is not about the agreement being separated into parts and negotiated by different people . 
  it is the claim that this is done intentionally , with malice . 
  to hide evil things in the agreement . 
  you are insinuating that the lobbyists and negotiators are trying to hide things in there - i would like you to point out at least one point where this is the case . 
  because despite your claims - there * are * people who understand these agreements ( even though it is a very long and complicated document ) and these people have not found anything that would be extremely surprising , compromising or unusual . 
   including the very people who write them . 
  source ? 
  i am pretty sure you are making this up right now . 
   that 's why you have writers who just write small portions , and only a few head negotiators and lobbyists pushing them actually comprehend the entire package and just what it entails . 
  that 's how they get the worst aspects of it through . 
  actually : no . 
  that 's nothing but a weird-ass conspiracy theory that lacks basis . 
  two years is the time that they have for negotiatons - the eu has already ruled out to negotiate before art . 
  50 is triggered . 
  the deadline can be extended , but only if all 27 states agree on that . 
  it also puts a lot of pressure on the uk to finish a deal . 
  and it does not matter what the council as a whole wants , it matters what the powerful states in europe want in this regard . 
  and france seems pretty content with the `` punishment '' line . 
  til 4 million voters are a policy . 
  uk : part of the ssea ( special snowflake economic area ) . 
  the thing is : it is not feasible to negotiate some kind of `` all-new special relationship '' within two years . 
  if the uk wants a deal within two years , it will be modelled after one of the existing relationships . 
  maybe you will get a few concessions , but it will essentially still be the same deal that the agreement is based on . 
  switzerland had thirty years to negotiate their relationship with the eu . 
  `` better control over borders '' - well , you already have control over your borders . 
  if you want to be part of the single market , free movement of labour is non-negotiable however . 
  switzerland is experiencing this right now . 
  yes , that will be interesting . 
  honestly : no clue . 
  unqualified guess : given that the `` out '' campaign backtracked from quite a few promises ( eu payments , immigration etc. ), 
  and that you are eager to remain part of the single market ( it seems ) , i would say that you will end up being norway 2.0 . 
  it would be rebranded to please the uk electorate however . 
  neither side has an interest in settling with a simple fta . 
  as cameron outlined - two thirds of the pages of ceta are exceptions from fully free trade . 
  there is hardly a country that is more opposed to ttip than germany unfortunately and ceta is seen as ttips little brother . 
  iirc the stop-ttip campaign is based here and people are n't that happy about these deals . 
  most of them do n't understand what exactly it is however . 
  is it ? 
  just four days ago , it was reported that theresa may backtracked on her plan to leave the echr because `` it divides people & has no parliamentary majority '' . 
  honestly , he is one of the few people on this subreddit that i really respect despite us holding different views . 
  his support for a brexit actually is n't the usual uneducated `` get rid of foreigners no money for the eu '' nonsense . 
   prime ministers never get directly elected in the uk and , even without this referendum we were likely to get a new pm this way , just as we did with brown and major . 
  you know how i mean it . 
  the tories certainly campaigned with cameron ( and the referendum ) and not with may or someone else . 
  at the point of the election , it was n't even known that boris would join the `` out '' campaign . 
  the most democratic way would be calling for early elections since the new govt . 
  will need a firm mandate to steer through these difficult times . 
   if the electorate do not like the next pm , then they can make their wishes known at the next elections . 
  the funny thing is : your next pm will have extremely big legitimacy to negotiate the brexit but relatively little personal legitimacy ( compared to e.g. 
   yes , we will now decide that using our democratic processes . 
  no need to rush this . 
  do you really think that these processes are extremely democratic ? 
  i do not think so . 
  you will have a prime minister that did not get elected by the electorate , assisted by a few dozen negotiators who have not been elected dealing with their counterparts in the eu . 
  there are a lot of technicalities . 
   currently we have low unemployment and relatively steady growth , so we will see if this changes . 
  agreed , your starting position could hardly be better . 
   as for the pound , it has risen and fallen against the euro and other currencies over the years . 
  even you can not pretend that this is `` business as usual '' for a currency . 
  despite the boe throwing cash at the markets , the drop has been immense . 
   it is good to have a currency that can float as this is a good way of absorbing shocks . 
  on that , we agree . 
   actually , i have starting working too !, 
  i have joined the conservative party and i have also joined an exciting new think tank !, 
  i wish you all the best for that work !, 
   even the ukip manifesto for the general election had some detail on this . 
  about as vague as it gets . 
  essentially `` lets leave the eu and trade '' apart from `` extradition treaties , cross-border intelligence , disaster relief , accommodation of refugees , pan-eu healthcare arrangements and various other cultural projects . 
  we will also maintain our membership of pan-european institutions , such as the european space agency and the european medicines agency ''  the truth is that making a very detailed plan would make no sense because we are now entering a renegotiation and we can not predict how the eu will respond . 
  agreed . 
  but it seems that you do not even know what you want yet . 
  you can not really negotiate if you do not know what you aim for . 
   better for whom ? 
  for all the eu citizens in the uk , for the uk citizens in the eu , for the markets , for the businesses on both sides of the channel . 
  for your regular citizens as uncertainty usually causes job creation to be postponed . 
  for your citizens as the pound will likely not recover until there is certainty . 
   i think the next couple of weeks we should all continue with our celebrations and then after that we should start with our plans . 
  i think your leaders should waste no time celebrating . 
  they should start working . 
   we 've just voted to leave the eu and the eu is apparently unwilling to discuss compromise on freedom of movement . 
  so even after voting to leave we may not have sovereignty/control over our borders . 
  is it not clear that this action will just validate ukip 's whole argument and harden their supporters resolve ? 
  so you mean contesting the deal that the post-cameron governement will negotiate , based on the impression that it still includes too much integration ? 
   i blame merkel 's infamous invitation [ seriously ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ )  the eu 's inability to compromise i think there is a limit for compromise and that 's good in this regard - you are only one out of 28 members . 
  what you are saying is all good and well , yet it completely misses the point that is made by juncker and in this thread . 
  i think both questions are very complex . 
  it boils down to `` who do we want to be ? '', 
  in both cases . 
  i would argue that the eu faces more problems long-term while the uk will have to face problems very shortly .
