  have a look at [ this diagram ] ( https://www.demografie-portal.de/shareddocs/bilder/informieren/zahlenfakten/renteneintrittsalter_lebenserwartung.png?__blob=poster&amp;amp;v=6 ) - the lines are ( from top to bottom ) : life expectancy for women , life expectance for men , legal pension age ( green ) , actual retirement age of men ( blue ) actual retirement age of women ( red ) . 
  given these numbers , we would already need a pension age of 70 by now to match the average time a person recieves pension . 
  yes and no . 
  of course that would be one way . 
  the other way is a `` simple '' unilateral declaration that you are not part of the eu anymore . 
  the eu itself does not have any kind of authority over your territory or democracy . 
  the eu derives its pover * from * the nation states . 
  if such a nation state chooses not to be part of the eu anymore , there is nothing that the eu can do about it . 
   and the idea to kick greece out was illegal it was n't illegal , it simply had no legal basis . 
  i can threaten to throw you off reddit , yet it 's very obvious that i do not have the power to do so . 
   the point is , they have been threatened and/or put under pressure . 
  political pressure exists whatever you do . 
  does n't change the fact that a country would likely not be fined in case of a euro exit . 
  the other countries might not be pleased and they will likely play hardball on the breakup procedures ( like target ii debt ) , but that 's a completely different issue . 
   offer ? 
  yeah an offer greece ca n't refuse . 
  ( relevant flair ) well , it is an offer they refused . 
  and it also was an offer that was n't the official position of the whole government . 
   britain is pretty powerful and influential . 
  and still , it 's under pressure and during the negotiations it will be 27 vs 1 or something like that . 
  apples and pears really . 
  nobody is imposing fines on the uk . 
  i disagree . 
  not only would that be stupid , it would also be unrealistic . 
  as a matter of fact , there was n't a procedure to leave the eu until the treaty of lisbon either . 
  at least not a codified one . 
  you could always leave , but there was no legal procedure for it . 
   the eu institutions were about to smash greece into pieces because of the result of tsipras ' referendum . 
  well , not really . 
  it 's just that greece held a referendum about something that was not in their power . 
   germany wanted to kick greece out of the eurozone . 
  well , the last one was more of an offer to leave temporarily while being granted funding to overcome the short-term pain . 
   the other countries ( the ones respecting eu treaties ) will react to that in a way or another . 
  it always depends on the situation . 
  and it depends on how much power the country has . 
  well , art . 
  140 tfeu essentially makes the euro a one-way street , but i simply can not see the eu sanctioning countries that stop using the euro . 
   you ca n't exit the euro on your own but anyway they say whatever they want you very much can . 
  there is no legal procedure for it , but you can de facto simply start using another currency . 
  other countries ca n't throw you out of the euro however . 
   why not if it 's practically the same and is just not done efficiently from execution side of things ? 
  ghost voting perverts democracy as it violates fundamental principles . 
  even though parties tend to vote the same way , it is all but guaranteed . 
  mps can still dissent . 
   having centralized party voting could have made things a bit easier . 
  maybe easier , but not more democratic . 
  this is not even remotely comparable . 
  rightfully so . 
  their argument : `` most of the price is service . 
  bottled water is 9 $ so 8 $ for tap water is fair '' . 
  what the actual fuck , dude . 
  well , i have been able to get tap water in restaurants over here too , but generally it 's not as common as in other european countries or the us . 
  ( a newspaper tried it in multiple locations in germany , one of the restaurants charged them 8 $ for a decanter of water ) . 
  [ insert joke about greeks having no money here ] nah , but seriously . 
  it 's mainly a cultural thing . 
  restaurants over here make most of their money with drinks , many would simply not be profitable if they served free drinks . 
   now coming from australia where not serving free water at a place that sells alcohol is illegal this i 'd absolutely baffling to me . 
  in germany , it 's a little different . 
  there needs to be at least one non-alcoholic drink that is less expensive than the cheapest alcoholic drink . 
  you very rarely will be served tap water . 
   counter piracy operations are important but 3600 ton ' frigates hunting pirates armed by ak47 sailing in small boats is not a convincing demonstration of maritime force . 
  it is pretty much the only `` active '' thing our navies are doing today . 
   intervention in lybia documents that european forces are unable to perform operations without us support in mediterranean sea that is vital for their security most countries carried out their air strikes from land-based air fields in zyprus , sardinia and even southern spain . 
   us public debt is not an impressive proof of making money by formally legal ponzi schemes and mutual nails ' trimming . 
  it 's still manageable though . 
  they are also ridiculously overspending . 
   like pretty much european militarily forces of any type . 
  is there any military in the world that does n't face problems ? 
  russia is off much worse than we are . 
  china has enormeous quantities of ships but they are outdated and of low quality . 
   the result is total dependency on us military force . 
  not when it comes to the navies . 
  the main naval activities of the us are not in our region . 
  the standing nato maritime groups have ships from many different nato countries . 
  the counter piracy operations near africa are carried out by international forces , including pretty much all nato countries , china and even russia . 
   trump only provocatively says aloud what other us politicians undoubtedly say unpublicly . 
  not really . 
  trump goes a whole lot further . 
  yes , us leaders are upset that europe does not spend more on its military . 
  the uk however * is * spending 2 % . 
  i have n't read of us leaders criticizing that the strength of the royal navy is underwhelming . 
   economies dominated by financial speculations and `` sevices '' ca n't support real military force . 
  the uk has a similar share of manufacturing as the us . 
  of course it is possible to support a large army by an economy built on services . 
  yes , but the navy said they do n't want more before they even started to build # 2 and # 3 as it failed their expectations . 
  political pressure ensured that two more were built however . 
  essentially , they spent 30 billion dollars ( including r&d ) for three ships that do not have the capabilities the navy needs . 
   the us builds loads of equipment needlessly because the right towns have the right politicians to land the right contracts . 
  that 's why you are building more zumwalt destroyers , every single one more expensive than one of the new carriers of the uk ( without even taking r&d into account ) . 
   nobody is saying that the royal navy needs to return to the giant levels it was during ww2 or indeed anywhere near that i think he puts a lot of emphasis on these older numbers . 
   is that the rn is so stripped of resources in both ships and personnel it does not even have reserves like pretty much any other european navy then . 
   we can barely defend our own coastline , that in of itself is ridiculous against what ? 
  the russian invasion that is pending ? 
  a russian kirov-class cruiser would make mincemeat out of any frigate trying to defend your coastline anyways ( in a war scenario ) . 
   i also think comparisons like the falklands absolutely make sense , its only been just over 30 years since the war happened and territorial disputes around the world still occur for both the uk and its allies . 
  you have to look on the other side as well . 
  the argentinian navy has five `` destroyers '' that are actually relatively small frigates and three subs ( which are older german models ) plus a few minor vessels . 
  on the other side , you have a guided missle destroyer there most of the time . 
  your navy is still perfectly capable of beating the argentinian navy ten times over . 
  yes , you could not field a naval group as big as the one you had when you fought the falkland war .
