  we have never had birth rates as low as in the current times before . 
  have you seen the numbers of refugees the neighboring countries of syria took in ? 
  there are countries where over a quarter of the population consists of refugees now . 
  at least in germany , some of the syrian refugees came by plane from those camps . 
  and if you are threatened by the government , traveling into the neighboring country wont give you much security from them . 
   a public campaign to tell women their fertility drops at 30 , and goes in the toilet at 35 would be a good start . 
  trust me , the women here are pretty much aware of their fertility . 
  social freezing will be a thing that might have some potential in increasing births . 
  every refugee is an illegal by the rule of our law . 
  no matter if it violates basel , these people are refugees . 
  some of the syrian refugees actually came here by plane from a neighboring country of syria . 
  calling war refugees `` economic migrants '' is not the truth . 
  how are you going to encourage earlier marriage ? 
  the only improvement to marriage i have in sight currently is a `` marriage light '' like in france . 
  the only country that can actually afford a long paid maternity leave is norway ( one year ) , most european states are around 15 weeks . 
  tax breaks and subsidies for families are already in place , even though they could be increased . 
  building of homes is not really needed , there are enough vacant homes in germany . 
  the problem is that the homes are mostly where no jobs are . 
  what is needed is improved infrastructure and public transportation to make these areas more attractive . 
  compared to a lot of other european states ( especially the uk ) our real estate prices are not that unreasonable , especially when you consider that you only pay like 2 % interest on loans for houses . 
   cut back on old age pensions to lessen tax burden . 
  wont run . 
  we have way too many pensioners to make this feasible . 
   automation is expected to significantly reduce the need for this in coming generations . 
  automation has been expected to decrease our workload for a century now . 
  no productivity increase that is realistic in the forseeable future will be able to fill the gap of our pension fund sustainability . 
  / u/countvontroll posted statistics on this a while ago . 
  the polls were quite supportive . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37zgto/british_poll_on_the_migrants_in_the_mediterranean/crr91gz ) there have been polls indicating more support though . 
  germany used to be full of ethnic germans , but it has n't been for a long time and this isnt revertable . 
  do you even take the time to * think * about what i write ? 
  i do not say that immigration is the way to go forever , having your own fertility rate at a sustainable level is a lot more healthy for a country and it also doesnt strain the social fabric . 
  however , we will need a shitload of people shortly ( when the current 50 + year olds retire ) and we can not fill that gap with newborns alone quickly enough . 
  creating a ethnically ` pure ' country is what * you * are implying , not me . 
  ` after one of them the people wont look at them anyways , so fuck it ' . 
  this does not make immigration currently less viable however . 
  even if one managed to improve the fertility rates to a sustainable level , it would take two decades until we have new workforce . 
  it existing does not mean that we have to create a country only populated by people with this ethnic background . 
  they are replacing people that would not be replaces otherwise . 
  so what ? 
   they will start voting for pro-immigration parties because by that point , again , our parties are pretty pro-immigration already . 
  what concept of ` german people ' do you have ? 
  pure , ethnic aryans ? 
  the guy that believed in that shot himself 70 years ago . 
  there are already financial incentives in place . 
  in pretty much every country . 
   sorry if germany full of germans offends you so much it doesnt . 
  however it does not mean that we have to artificially create a germans full of ` pure ' germans . 
  this wont help us and it wont help people from other countries . 
  japan will face its own demographic problems in the next decades , even faster than germany . 
  i do not see this being suicidal for us . 
   germany is slowly becoming this `` international village '' for all the world 's poor disrupting any sort of continuity we once had . 
  not really . 
  you should have a look at the numbers . 
  also , 750,000 asylum seekers does not mean that we grant asylum to 750,000 people . 
  not even close . 
   just raise the fucking fertility rates and we would n't need any kind of immigration . 
  if you are so good at raising these rates , go to my government and make your miraclous proposals . 
  fertility rates are bad everywhere in europe , only france is somewhat able to reach 2.0 ( which is still 0.1 below optimum ) . 
   we would n't need any kind of immigration . 
  refugees are not immigrants in the classic sense . 
   when did foreigners took a priority over our own people ? 
  look in any asylum home here and tell me that foreigners have * any * priority . 
   there is no way a modern european nation could possibly compete with muslims when it comes to birth rates it all depends on education . 
  muslims that live here adapt to our birth rates really quickly . 
  i do have love for my own people . 
  being supportive of immigration does not make me hate my own people . 
  if anything , it makes me love my country because i want it to continues prospering in the next decades where we will see a sharp decline in population without immigrants . 
  we are not aiming for population growth in any way . 
  you should have a look at our demographic , current predictions see us losing 15 million inhabitants over the next 40 years . 
  yes , immigrants and refugees might generate a short-term population growth , however this is on a healthy level still and it will be evened out in the next decades . 
  i think you are confusing germany with ~ ~ the us ~ ~ another country here . 
  the general german opinion is supporting taking in refugees anyways ( according to polls ) . 
  also , the people that have valid asylum claims will get citizenship and thus voting rights six years after they arrived here ... the earliest . 
  they wont be legalized for the next election , stop spreading bullshit here . 
   the number of ethnic germans continues to shrink . 
  so what ? 
   the number of foreigners continues going up , while the number of germans continues going down . 
  depends on your definition of ` german ' . 
  if you mean that many do not have a german heritage anymore , you might be right , but why should that be a problem ? 
   this is straight up invasion not really  german people are paying for it . 
  we pay much more for ... other things . 
  the german people themselves have once been recievers of generous asylum in other states , many germans used to be refugees themselves ( we had 12 million people from the former eastern territories after the war ) . 
   this is unprecedented in the history of the world . 
  not really . 
  there have always been large numbers of refugees when wars were going on . 
   i 'm not for turning germany into the shithole of chaos that is brazil ?? 
   germany should stay germany . 
  and it will stay germany , no matter what . 
  and no matter who lives in it , it will stay germany . 
  the term ` germany ' is actually just a construct that describes all the people that live here . 
  of course . 
  but people that are well qualified/educated and have a qualification that is needed in other countries , they will certainly be welcomed with open arms almost everywhere . 
  and this is what this thread is about ( i think ) , about drain of qualified people . 
  i do not think borders and private property are conflicting with a free world . 
  maybe i should clarify - by free world i mean that everybody ( at least in the western world ) is free to leave its own country and heritage behind and search for his fortune elsewhere . 
  contrary to for example the former gdr . 
  roughly 31 % hessen , 20 % municipal utilities frankfurt , 8 % lufthansa . 
  the rest is in free float . 
  all of the named institutions and companies have an interest in healthy business that is not focussed on short-term profits .
