  it was used over thirty years ago for the last time ( prior to the revolution in iran ) . 
  and most importantly , i would like to add that nobody has been sentenced yet and that it is very much possible that b\u00f6hmermann will win all his cases . 
   have remained a civil ( legal ) matter this is not how things work here . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but our legal system is alive and well . 
  even if you take the l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 section out of the equation - regular defamation is a criminal offence that would have been prosecuted without the governments consent . 
  limiting defamation to the civil sphere is something that is mainly done in the common law area . 
  and no , i do not think there is any ` intimidation ' - if the b\u00f6hmermann case has caused one thing , it is more people and satirists poking fun at erdogan . 
  and i would like you to explain what you understand under `` allowing muslim extremism '' . 
  provide sources for this claim . 
  osfrog well , i guess we have one thing that we can certainly agree on . 
   first : how is it okay that a demonstration has to be approved ? 
  is there no right to peaceful assembly in germany ? 
  there is the right to peaceful assembly in germany , however if we are talking about a rally , it gretly benefits everyone if it is coordinated with the government . 
  especially when we are talking about polarizing issues , police protection might be required , streets might have to be closed etc. 
  it is mainly a measure designed to keep things orderly . 
  limitations to the right of assembly are only possible under very stringent requirements . 
  if the police thinks that there is a significant threat and that it ca n't guarantee for the safety for example . 
  and there are no limitations for spontaneous assemblies . 
  we regularly have courts allowing nazi demos and marches where the city denied these rallies in the first place . 
  the checks and balances are working . 
   how the hell is it okay to approve a demonstration under the condition that a specific poem is n't cited ? 
  the official court order cites the undetermined legal nature of the poem ( we do now know yet whether it is actually violated laws or not ) and that the poem , taken out of context , has clear defamatory and insulting language . 
   that 's one weird condition to the authorization of an assembly . 
  if you are viewing it purely legally , it is n't so weird . 
  assemblies must not violate laws , this is no difference . 
   the reason that it 's a civil matter in anglo-common-law countries is because there is only one potentially damaged party - not society . 
  one of the problems with that is that poor people usually have less means to lawyer up and get this stuff in front of a court , essentially putting poor people in a position where their effective protection is weaker than the one of rich people . 
  it is an equality issue . 
  if you put it under criminal prosecution like we do , everyone , independently from their personal resources can be assured that there will be justice . 
  there 's also the issue with jury systems and damages ( not concerning canada ) - juries tend to cause a constant increase of damages over time . 
  it is certainly possible to solve this issue under civil law - the issue is that our system is generally not designed to match the anglo-saxon system in terms of tools in this area . 
  it is a historical development . 
  it also originates from a different valuation of certain goods - human dignity is the highest good in our legal system , beating everything else . 
  this finds expression in the fact that the punsihment through criminal dealings can be harsher than through civil courts . 
   if the party believes they have damages , they can attempt to prove that in court ; if they do n't , then there is no harm and no reason for the police to ever have been involved . 
  having police involved immediately makes a third-party the arbiter of whether or not the target of potential defamation received damages before they 've decided whether it was significant enough to justify pursuing damages in the first place not exactly . 
  because our defamation laws require the consent of the person affected to start prosecution . 
  there are some rare occasions where the investigation starts without that person 's agreement but the person can still call it off . 
  the case we are talking about here is a special one . 
  the person in question was not detained because he allegedly violated the law in question but because he violated a court order that allowed the rally in the first place . 
  this is exactly the point . 
  in the regular cases of this kind , there would be a regular court process some time after the incident happened . 
  it is not up to the police to decide whether a form of speech deserves protection or not - this is up to the courts to decide . 
  the only reason why he was detained here was because he was violating the court order . 
  true , but it is in theory `` the worst that can happen '' . 
   what would happen if the same person called merkel `` horse fucker '' ? 
  likely nothing . 
  simply because merkel does not give a fuck . 
  same for the queen . 
  our defamation laws require the consent of the affected person to start criminal prosecution . 
  so the differnce is not that the laws judge differently about different persons but that our own political personnel does not care about stuff of this kind . 
  it 's a little more nuanced . 
  in the case we are talking about here , not reading that poem was a court requirement for this rally to happen . 
  so he did not only ( potentially ) violate a law but also violated a court decision . 
  and yes , it is different in canada . 
  in fact , it is different in the us and the uk as well . 
  the common law systems deal with defamation in a different way . 
  you focus on the civil aspects , we focus on the criminal aspects . 
  the legal ` tools ' available to you to go up against defamation in civil courts are much more significant than the tools available here . 
  so it is effectively balanced out . 
  both systems have their up - and downsides . 
  i like how you are completely ignoring that there is n't even a judgement in this case yet . 
   thankfully though prison sentences because of defamation do not happen . 
  same here . 
  i am not aware of anyone having to serve a jail sentence based on 103 stgb . 
   same in germany . 
  not exactly . 
  the maximum sentence is prison actually . 
  sorry , but you are wrong . 
  the wording of 104a is very clear - approval from the government is not a requriement for the insult as such but a requirement for the law enforcement agencies to get active . 
  there is also no such requirement as `` needs to hurt germany foreign policy '' - the government is completely free to decide this as they wish . 
  it is pretty much the same with theft - if you steal something from your flatmate , \u00a7 242 stgb applies . 
  you committed the crime of theft . 
  however , there wo n't be prosecution of it unless your flatmate asks the state to do so ( \u00a7 247 stgb ) . 
  this does not change the fact that you effectively committed a crime . 
  even if there is no prosecution . 
  even without her decision . 
  you could leave 103 stgb out of the equation , you would still have the allegation of the `` regular '' defamation . 
  the court decision part is concerning the `` acting against them '' . 
  what you are claiming is ridiculous . 
  and apart from that - his party did not play any role here . 
   any non-rt sources for this ? 
  i had a look , but rt seems to be the only english source on this . 
  apart from that , there are only german and turkish sources reporting . 
  nobody has been sentenced yet . 
  in this special case , it is more that he violated the conditions the responsible court set for the rally . 
  it was very clear to him that what he was doing was violating this . 
  he could have appealed the decision , but he did n't as far as i am concerned . 
  anyhow , let 's see how this turns out before we jump to quick conclusions . 
  it might be hard to grasp for people coming from the anglosaxon legal area , but even `` regular '' defamation is a crime in many countries , including germany . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  nobody is afraid of the pirate party here , they do not even remotely come close to the 5 % hurdle . 
  even in berlin , where they have seats in the state parliament , recent polls had them between 2 and 3 % . 
  this was also a neutral court decision , not a decision by `` the german leadership '' . 
  context : this rally was announced over a week ago , but the responsible court ordered that the poem could not be cited due to its unclear legal nature and due to the fact that the poem `` without the specific nature of the original context has a defamatory character '' . 
  this would likely be the case even if the infamous section 103 of our criminal code was n't existing . 
  this is simply based on committing a crime on a public rally . 
  defamation is a crime in many countries outside the common law area , this is not exclusive to germany . 
  you have to see that the circumstances were entirely different . 
  neither bush nor the pope requested the federal government to authorize prosecution plus the cases were a lot less severe .
