  france itself did not consider putting boots on the ground in syria . 
  describing this as a ` failed test ' is very remote . 
  the support amongst the eu populations for an actual defence scenario is significantly higher than deployment in remote countries . 
   and if you read what i 've written in this thread , you will have a hard time finding such a statement from me . 
  i said that if you lack the power to defend yourself against an aggressor , your statehood is void the moment that aggressor comes for a visit . 
  you wrote : `` so they have a people , an area , but not the means to defend it ? 
  sounds like they are not actually states then . '', 
  your statement does not give * any * conditions or a required scenario . 
  you essentially said : `` not the means to defend '' -  `` no state '' . 
  which is wrong . 
   jellinek does not talk about `` gewaltmonopol '' , but about `` staatsgewalt '' , which - as you know - is a term that means both power to defend against enemies from without as well as enemies from outside . 
  - essentially a description for `` gewaltmonopol '' . 
  true , jellinek did not use the term , but his wording is pretty clear . 
  and even if you take the broader attempt - we still do not have a requirement to be able to react to any potential threat . 
  defence alliances of the kind of nato and the eu were extremely remote at the time where the theories about statehood were written . 
  there is no reason not to consider this . 
  if our `` staatsgewalt '' is enforced with the help of allies , it is essentially the same . 
  all that matters is that the `` staatsgewalt '' is held up . 
   actually no , the state must pay his judges regardless so whatever costs occur are probably limited to hiring a few experts for the case . 
  money the state can get back if the corporation loses the case . 
  the costs for the experts are actually immense in cases of these kind , both for arbitration and regular courts . 
   so it is okay , because we can afford it ? 
  how about perpetually like in south america ? 
  also answering your next statement . 
  one can be very critical on the effects isds can have on smaller countries . 
  pm v. togo would be such a case . 
  this however is entirely irrelevant as we are strictly talking about ttip here which wo n't involve poor countries of this kind . 
  if it does not have bad effects on either side in this deal , it should not matter to us . 
  and by the way , poor countries involved in these cases can often count on health organizations to help them defend themselves ( financially ) . 
  quite ironically , trade deals with poor countries incooperating isds are * very * rarely object of criticism . 
  people do not care because the potential of a company from lets say pakistan bringing an isds case against germany/the uk/france is * very * unlikely . 
   but since we are all first world countries and no banana republics one revolution away from socialism , here is an idea . 
  how about we trust each others court system to treat foreign investors fair and equal to local ones and get rid of undemocratic isds courts that seek to undermine and limit the freedom of our respective legislative bodies ? 
  let me bring up the loewen v. canada case - a civil jury in the us treated a canadian company investing in the us unfairly ( there is strong evidence that they based their judgement on disciminatory reasons . 
  due to some legal issues , it was not possible for loewen to appeal . 
  i have great faith into our highly developed legal systems , but since we can not rule out that discrimination might happen - what is the alternative ? 
   peanuts , especially for the kind of corporation that can abuse isds courts at will . 
  so far there has n't been an instance of a ceo getting axed because he sicced his legal department on the wrong country . 
  the stock may take a hit , but this can be fixed with firing a few hundred workers . 
  well , what do you want ? 
  you can not punish people for bringing a claim . 
  this would be violating fundamental legal principles . 
  keep in mind that a good portion of isds cases ( around 50 % ) is brought by small - and medium-sized businesses ( small-sized below 30 million annual revenue , the average medium-sized company has 108 million revenue annually ) . 
  for those companies , paying the legal cost alone is a lot . 
  if you integrate some deterrant for dismissed cases , you are essentially making isds a tool for the extremely wealthy companies alone . 
   i consider the numbers you might have to be polluted because as i said earlier the corporations fire those off even if there is only a small chance to succeed because there is n't enough counter-incentive . 
  well , you can not stop people from bringing lawsuits , no matter if they are doing it in regular courts or in isds courts . 
  they wo n't pay more than the legal and court costs . 
   there are enough isds clauses where it is shared cost regardless of outcome . 
  further , how long will it take for the old trade agreements to be replaced with new ones where the loser pays ? 
  this can be dealt with relatively quickly by something similar to the mauritius convention which implemented the uncitral transparency rules into old bits . 
  and as far as i know , it is meant to be implemented into ttip which is all that matters for this specific discussion . 
   this has also led to things like in the phillip morrison case where the corporation buys a small company that is conveniently seated just take advantage of a local trade agreement with isds clause . 
  treaty shopping is an issue that actually lead to the pm v. australia case being dismissed . 
   but yes , 80m in losses plus whatever it cost to set up a po box company where you need it are certainly a counter-incentive ceta has a provision against letterbox companies bringing lawsuits , ttip will as well . 
  no issue here . 
   they can award `` compensation '' for arbitrary things like lost future profits . 
  do i really need to explain to you what a chilling effect is ? 
  i promise , i wo n't use big words . 
  do you even know how rarely this is awarded ? 
  the average compensation payed under isds is 16 million dollars . 
  this is not exactly a lot of money . 
  apart from the fact that eu countries have a very good rate of winning these cases . 
   cheap euro more exports . 
  this is a very ... simplistic view on the issue . 
   cheap euro more imports even though the euro is relatively low at the moment , the euro is not a ` cheap currency ' for southern europe . 
   it would n't surprise me if there is a german bomb disassembled in some bunker somewhere minus the easily-createable physics package - the eurofighter would not make sense if we did n't have that . 
  this does not make * any * sense . 
  first of all , something of this kind does n't go unnoticed . 
  secondly , i am not aware that the eurofighters are fit for carrying nukes . 
  we keep tornados around because they are our only fighter planes capable of carrying the us nukes that are stationed in germany . 
  and last but not least , nukes are useless for defense in a narrowly populated country like ours . 
  there is a good reason why nukes are primarily used for deterrence instead of active use . 
  this is actually nothing but a weird conspiracy theory . 
   we saw how well that worked when france asked for military support in november 2015 in their war against isis . 
  there is no such thing as `` european defense '' - we all are born alone , and we all will die alone . 
  how is that even comparable ? 
  there is a * big * difference between actual territorial defense of an ally in a symmetric war and assisting that ally in an assymetrical conflict thousands of miles away . 
  france did not demand a full-on engagement or deployment from the other nations . 
  it would also not make sense . 
  and even if there would be no defence in an actual scenario ( purely hypothetical ) , it simply does not matter as long as it deters possible aggressors . 
   instead of willfully misinterpreting what i say , i would counsel you to read up on the currently-accepted theories on what constitutes statehood . 
  we live in the age of the internet , information is freely available . 
  i even linked to the most accepted theory already ... 
  i am familiar with the theories on statehood , however let me say this : none of them is explicitly talking about a requirement to have a bigger army than the biggest possible opponent . 
  which basically invalidates your point . 
  jellinek talks about the requirement of the government keeping the monopoly on legitimate use of force . 
  which would be violated at the point where the army of a state is no longer capable to fend off assaults from other parties . 
  this however just works under the requirement of actual hostile action . 
  the existence of a larger army does not cause this . 
  the theories on statehood are universally viable despite dating back over a century - however this does not mean that modern elements can not be incooperated . 
  fair enough . 
  see [ my other response ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4g8j8p/austrias_farright_freedom_party_fp%c3%b6_comes_top_in/d2fkuob ) . 
  i am sorry , i should have been more specific in my wording . 
  i should have specified i guess . 
  they managed to get second place in some regional elections , e.g. 
  given that about 1/8 of your population was allowed to vote in that election , i would call that significant . 
  talking about the national level , you are correct of course . 
   i thought there position was germany should leave the euro . 
  their position considering this issue mainly dates back to the times of their foundation , when lucke was still in power .
