  he said that they cant afford this to happen again . 
  ( now we have reputation in another area , well , fuck ), 
  the iphone v. nokia comparison does not fit here . 
  we are * not * talking about reinventing the car here . 
  we are simply talking about a new engine type . 
  for the regular person , teslas are way too expensive ( they are competing with bmw 7 series , s class and a8 price-wise ) . 
  until we see a drastic decrease in battery costs , we will not see electric cars taking over . 
  all major german car makers have electric engines in the pipes , it is not like they are ignoring the problem . 
  until 2020 , all bmw models ( and i assume all audis and mercedes as well ) will be available with electric engines . 
  and by the way - tesla has never made profit so far . 
  all major german carmakers are developing electric engines . 
  bmw announced that they will offer an e option for all models until 2020 . 
  audi and mercedes will likely do the same . 
  audi ceo rupert stadler said about one year ago that they cant afford cars catching fire like the teslas did . 
  therefore they wait until the techonology is fully safe . 
  i doubt that . 
  the wages in car manufacturing in central europe are generally higher than in the us . 
  they might prevent some import taxes though . 
  you really think that our industry wont be on the market with e-cars in a few years ? 
  currently these cars are too expensive ( aside from norway ) to really threaten our sales anyways . 
  [ here is an article from the guardian about it ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/21/france-population-europe-fertility-rate ) , there is a bit more to it , though . 
  how so ? 
  the only thing of that kind that we get is special treatment ... on the contribution towards paying for the uks rebate . 
  by that logic you can doubt every government . 
  i am convinced that france has ( some ) competent politicians . 
  there is actually one single obstacle for uk influence on the eu : the uk itself . 
  actually it does n't matter what hollande promised and whether he accomplished it or not . 
  it doesnt even need to be hollande . 
  there are enough possibilities for the ministers to do it . 
  [ foreign nationals in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#foreign_nationals_in_germany ), 
  nope . 
  it is n't . 
  we e.g. 
  saw an increase of [ 7 % last year ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/ard-deutschlandtrend-59-prozent-mit-grosser-koalition-zufrieden-a-985137.html ) within a month and one year ago , [ 63 % was deemed an all-time high ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article130708821/angela-merkel-ist-beliebter-als-je-zuvor.html ) . 
  the founder ( bernd lucke ) left with the moderate part of the party and created alfa . 
  the remaining afd is some kind of right-wing something now . 
  yet they were able to get 4-6 % in the last polls . 
  this does not change the validity of it ? 
  its not about ` calling the shots ' but about being a counterweight for germany . 
  without france , greece would likely be in a worse situation today . 
   you have no idea how many will stay . 
  of course i dont . 
   sample size one year ? 
  last year , this year , next year . 
  and i dont expect it to stay that way . 
   this is unlikely . 
  agreed . 
   heavily depends on where you are . 
  however even in the most extreme parts of the netherlands there are some sundays where stores have open . 
  true . 
   the russian sanctions did not start until end of 2014 . 
  the agricultural sections started in fall of 2014 . 
  actual enforcement was sloppy for some time and did not really take off until spring this year . 
  we still do not see our gdp growth taking a hit . 
   not sure how that is related . 
  germany 's healthcare system costs a lot more money already . 
  the only reason the nhs is controversial is because the uk tries hard to not become the german healthcare system where private companies intermingle with the nhs . 
  if anything germany is already where some people want to see the nhs but the political left tries to prevent this for what i think are pretty good reasons . 
  i never talked about how good the german system is . 
   this topic in it 's entirety is much larger than fits into a reddit comment . 
  however in this scope of this discussion germany with a very large exposure to russia chose to destroy years of development of corporate relationships between germany and russia . 
  other countries like the uk and the us did n't even execute the sanctions to the extend of germany and never had as much exposure to begin with . 
  germany should have been on the barricades and come to different solutions than what was ultimately executed . 
  again , that 's not just germany 's problem but it is a problem germany now will have to deal with . 
  what would be another appropriate response to russia annexing its neighbor ? 
   with regards to the ecb , the german part of it was the only one that voted against it . 
  the reason the finance ministers matter is because the policy of the ecb is ultimately set to match what the individual fiscal policies of the countries look like . 
  if we vote against it in the ecb council , it does not matter * at all * . 
  i was simply talking about the fact that we * currently * beat this 230k by a large margin . 
  who knows what the future brings and how the fertility rates develop . 
  to my knowledge , the french started implementing their current policies supporting families having children . 
  we didnt do that and see where we are now . 
  i actually just want a stable population . 
  this however was not a government decision . 
  this was the bnd overstepping its rules . 
  like the nsa when spying on congress . 
  its the source you linked yourself . 
  its significantly better than most of the eu though . 
  `` barely enough '' is ten times better than `` not even close '' . 
  the `` biggest immigration imaginable '' scenario - 230,000 net migration per year . 
   switzerland , austria , germany , norway and now apparently hungary . 
  not that many . 
  well . 
  four countries that are pretty similar culture-wise . 
  the reality in the netherlands is similar . 
   you narrowly avoided negative growth this recently . 
  this had nothing to do with the sanctions though ? 
  the annexation of crimea was in 2014 , we had 1.6 % growth that year . 
  we will likely see 1.8 % this year . 
   social services are underfunded everywhere . 
  however the nhs also costs a lot less to run than other countries . 
  look at how much of your paycheck goes to social services in germany compared to the nhs in the uk . 
  the could just raise the taxes and fix the funding . 
  the waiting times are not that bad and private extra insurance is not very expensive . 
  of course they are underfunded everywhere . 
  but not to that extend . 
  the uk * could * raise the taxes , they are n't however . 
  yes , it is cheaper in the first place , but as you said , private insurances , they just relocate the payments . 
   no , but it in the end it was germany that fully supported that move . 
  i 'm not blaming germany alone with this , but if anyone should have said no then it was germany given the exposure to russia it has .
