  you cant stick to the same model for years in a war like this . 
  ( yes , russia stuck to the t34 and you to the sherman , but both sides released heavier and more powerful tanks to be able to fight heavy german tanks ) . 
  even if some right wing nutheads would like that , we will very likely not erect a border where everybody trying to pass gets shot immediately . 
  well , we simply have to live with the fact that the media is always biased in some way or another . 
  i 'm thankful that we have n't imported your politics . 
  they 're fun to watch from the outside though . 
  depending on where you are in europe , the differences can be pretty major . 
  urban life is naturally more similar . 
  a fence is better suited to stop people that still have their home . 
  people that lost everything/gave everything and that are without a ( peaceful ) home ( country ) are harder to stop . 
  there is a difference between people coming from mexico and coming from where ` our ' people are coming from . 
  schengen does not equal immigration though . 
  the talks are not about questioning the principles of being allowed to work in other states , just about border controls . 
  i sincerely doubt that you will be able to bring it down even to a thousand . 
  you currently are in the same system as poland , why would it be a problem in a new iteration of schengen ? 
  the change is solely meant for the reason of tackling the refugee crisis , and there surely are n't any people coming from poland . 
  it also would have the possibility of all sides saving face . 
  unlike the actual situation , someone is going to lose . 
  significantly . 
  lets hope it doesnt go too badly . 
  i am not sure . 
  i also see no reason to exclude poland and ( in the current form ) switzerland . 
   another eu source said it was `` odd '' to debate a schengen zone without france just days after the country 's worst terrorist attacks . 
  i did not . 
  it is supported by evidence . 
  building a fence on the border with mexico has not been able to stop south americans from coming over that border . 
  not even the fucking wall in germany was able to entirely stop people crossing . 
  not necessarily since harming the constitutional separation of powers can be harmful to that purpose - exercising a sovereign mandate . 
  international media rarely reports on issues like this unless the country is either known for permanent struggles in this sector ( like italy ) or until it becomes a full-grown constitutional crisis . 
  and in the end it should not matter , panic is justified in my opinion , given the current state of events . 
  there have been articles about it plus common sense . 
  hungary is not the first country attempting to guard itself with a fence . 
  many countries have done so before and it has shown that people will find a way through a fence if they have no other way . 
  well , i cant comment on that , i just know that the french government has called for a suspension of schengen in the wake of the paris attacks . 
  the difference is that the current thing is an open rebellion against the constitutional court . 
  the unlawful nominations could simply have been resolved through bringing it to the constitutional court . 
  the recent judgement ( declaring these ` stolen ' appointments void ) confirms that . 
  dont you think this would have been the better way ? 
  because the french are not that keen on open borders currently . 
  its quite interesting to see how much the gap between the us and the european states has closed in the last four decades ( in many areas ) . 
  it surely still is different , yet it has become pretty familiar . 
  ( we 're pretty happy that we did not adapt everything though ), 
  talking about the recent suggestion by the netherlands : germany , benelux , austria . 
  this ... does n't make it better ? 
  one of the pillars of constitutional democracies is that the fundaments are not to be violated . 
  so it violates a democratic principle . 
  democracy is more than just elections . 
  whether this works is not yet clear . 
  the fence in hungary is actually relatively fragile , it would be overrun in no time if there were n't alternative routes open . 
  it depends on how it is designed and executed . 
   i can only be thankful someones doing it . 
  do n't get me wrong - so am i. 
  however no matter the initial purpose , monetary payments bear some kind of influence . 
  and i certainly prefer this influence to be us influence instead of influence from most other countries . 
  it can happen that countries turn towards the wrong ideals ( from our perspective ) in return for monetary payements if we fail to ` deliver ' . 
  its hard to understand for some people who come from parliamentary supremacy systems . 
  well , its pretty much the same here . 
  the best tv series are usually of us origin ( although dubbed ) , the music is pretty much the same everywhere - 90 % international pop 10 % domestic . 
  this alone makes me prefer putin over the uncertainty that would follow if he stepped down . 
   proportionally sure , but 20 % of 10m is not less than the standard tax rate on 40k numerically it still doesnt make sense . 
   money has always been and always will be in politics . 
  yes , but in pretty much any other developed country it is possible to get elected without having to raise hundreds of millions of euros/dollars/pounds . 
   people who complain about ` corporate rule ' are people who are mad that they do n't have the drive to own their own large corporations . 
  or , you know , people that are pissed off that the very rich pay less taxes than the rest of the population while essentially deciding on the political candidates through monetary contributions ? 
  gaining influence through cultural imperialism . 
  selling freedom fries \u2122 all over the planet . 
   hayek , friedman joke 's on you . 
  friedman said that hayeks approach was idiotic and made things worse . 
  given the other politicians currently present in russia , i wont get my hopes high yet . 
   i mean telegraph + thesun & co will have to find new enemy . 
  mr. farrage new ditto i dont think so , leaving the eu does not mean that the uk is suddenly completely unaffected by eu politics . 
  they will still have options to complain about the conditions of their access to the single market . 
  or payments towards the eu , should they adapt a norway-like model . 
   i will have to buy some popcorn futures . 
  they will be completely sold out in the rest of europe . 
  thats pretty much insanity and will lead to a lot more people in poverty . 
  not even the us are attempting to take steps as radical as the ones you are suggesting, 
   insane taxes funfact : the us is at the very top of corporate tax rates . 
  nobody would call them ` socialist ' or say that they have ` insane taxes ' . 
  the tax share us citizens pay on their income is also higher than in your country ( at least for singles ) . 
  i would be careful with comparisons with the ` beacon of freedom and free market capitalism ' if i was you . 
  it is a bit bewildering to me that russia would ever accept us foreign aid . 
  but then , you could think the same thing about iran or north korea . 
  too bad that even the us thinks you are better off inside the eu . 
  according to the imf , the us has a higher growth rate than you in 2015 . 
  i sincerely doubt that your growth would ` skyrocket ' . 
  no other major developed country is currently capable of accomplishing this , not even the us , why should you ? 
  you are not giving any to russia this year though . 
  it is certainly better than civil war and i hands down prefer us influence in these countries over most alternatives . 
  both sides are striving for a close partnership between ukraine and the eu . 
  ukraine has made clear for over two decades that they are seeking closer ties to europe . 
  given that the crisis in ukraine was preceded by an attempt for an association agreement , i would call ukraine an ` ally ' , somewhat . 
  not being part of the eu would not have changed a thing in this case . 
  and no matter if you like it or not , you will always be tied to this ` trade block ' , simply because of geographics . 
  the hell ? 
  this argument is nonsensical . 
  every major stock exchange lost value due to this decision . 
  being out of the eu does not make you unaffected by things like this . 
  of course its impressive . 
  however it should be pretty clear that it is yet another way for the us to exercise influence ( not saying that this is necessarily a bad thing ) .
