  because it is an european duty to help greece , not a german one . 
  if we actually took all of these people directly from greece , it would be the immediate creation of a giant pull factor . 
   merkel does n't want to admit her fallacies and now pushes this agenda to whole europe on false `` humanitarian '' pretenses there is n't any wrong in trying to help people and and a country . 
  and no , merkel did not suddenly come up with the plan , we have been advocating for sharing the burden for quite a while . 
   no one ( except sweden maybe ) wants this migrants in their countries and as long as germans will be taking more and more of them , they wo n't stop coming to europe . 
  nobody `` wants '' refugees . 
  does not change the fact that we are facing this situation . 
  and quite frankly , we poured billions of euros into ee and we continue to do so . 
  we can expect them to show a bit of solidarity too . 
  link please ? 
   germany and to be fair other eu countries actually it have been * all * euro zone countries . 
  including the rest of the piigs . 
   but that would 've required them to spend a hell of a lot more money and not screw over greece with repeated bailouts with insane terms that greece never had a chance of fulfilling . 
  as i said , nobody had the political capital or will to do so . 
  and i can fully understand it . 
  did we make mistakes ? 
  yes !, 
  but are we responsible for greeces misery in the first place ? 
  i would argue mainly no . 
  greece did nothing that would warrant us relieving large amounts of debts . 
  economic necessities aside . 
  what electorate would accept this ? 
  `` yeah you know these greek guys , they lived beyond their means and they lost a lost of money due to corrutption and nepotism , but it would be better for them not having to pay this debt so we decided to kill off their debt '' - not gon na run . 
  anywhere . 
  and even if we could have done that for greece - it would be impossible to make a giant debt relief for greece without offering the same to the rest of the piigs . 
  and this is something no european country could afford . 
  not even germany . 
   but still a clear showing of lack of solidarity . 
  i would argue it 's the opposite . 
  despite the wishes of the electorate , we were not willing to let greece fall . 
  despite the wishes of the electorate , we granted more time and money to greece . 
  a * lot * more time . 
  but not for * all * of europe . 
  europe includes greece . 
  we are if you look at total numbers . 
  contribution per capita does not get you anywhere in terms of power . 
  you have four groups of people wanting to buy something together : * group one : 10 guys , 5 $ each * group two : 100 guys , 3 $ each * group three : 10 guys , 3 $ each * group four : 20 guys , 3 $ each so , obviously group one has been the most generous one . 
  but still , nobody would look to group one when it comes to make the decision . 
  nor will someone see group one as the most important member if this thing continues . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  this is a pretty ridiculous claim . 
  it has worked for decades , and it will continue to work . 
  simply for the following reason : germany and france represent different parts of europe , a proposal that is negotiated between these two as equals will already have the approval of most of european countries . 
  this however requires france to play their part , which they are n't currently . 
  they are weak politically and economically . 
  and this is both domestic and on the international level . 
  once they step up their game , it will be better for the whole of europe . 
  it is clear that one country dictating will not get us anywhere . 
   does your idea of eu-wide solution include cyprus ? 
  of course it does as it needs cyprus ' approval . 
   no , knowing would imply that you actually care about cyprus . 
  we mainly care about the countries that are facing severe problems right * now * . 
  and that is greece , not cyprus . 
   remember me next year , when cyprus is pressured to cede eu land to turkey . 
  not gon na happen . 
  it is not . 
  merkel wanted to see the numbers go down for quite a while . 
  it is not like merkel or germany are eager to take every refugee that comes to europe . 
  well , it was never attempted really . 
  the internet gives the perfect opprtunity for it . 
  you could still have regional focussed parts of that media , because nobody really cares about things that dont affect him or her at all . 
  it would be worth a try in my opinion . 
  it cant do harm . 
  i would argue that a creation of paneuropean media would actually cause people to care about what the eu does . 
  i would argue that people do not show interest because they percieve the parliament as powerless , because they see the eu as a whole as bureaucratic or even corrupt . 
  and who could blame them , the eu really is the * best * scapegoat any politician can hope for . 
  often , success that was initiated by the parliament is claimed by the national leaders , people take the eu lawmaking for granted . 
  plus they seriously know nobody in the parliament . 
  if you asked a random german to name eu parlamentarians , you would probably get martin schulz ( because this guy actually gets a lot of media coverage ) , manfred weber and martin sonneborn . 
  that 's three people , two of them hold important positions , and one is a comedian that leads a satirical party . 
  maybe you would also get nigel or lucke , the founder of the afd . 
  but generally , people simply can not relate to the parliament becuse they know nobody . 
  i think electing the president is a great leap forwards , but not enough . 
  and this continues : if national media reports about the eu , it is generally about the council part of the eu or about bureaucracy ( even though the eu has less civil servants per capita than most , if not all , european governments ) . 
  the fun part is : despite it having a lower `` legitimacy '' due to a lower turnout , it is usually the parliament that cares more about the interest of the european joe average than the council . 
  if we really want to ` fix ' the parliament , we need european media ( long overdue ) and paneuropean parties so that the parliament can actually become more than just a collaboration of national parties . 
  this would include paneuropean elections . 
  this of course has also downsides - it would weaken the national state even more and directly point at the creation of one superstate , something that especially the uk will not exactly be happy about . 
  it would likely also marginalize the smaller parties . 
  it 's fun twisting facts , is n't it ? 
  100k refugees have the potential to fuck greece over . 
  distributed over europe , they seriously are n't anything to worry about . 
  germany alone could absorb 100k without problems . 
  in case oredered mechanisms were applied , we are willing to take 200-300k per year . 
  which should be sufficient for the lions share . 
  the european project works based on cooperation of all states . 
  including some states having to take one for the team at times . 
  it really only works if the states are willing to step back from their national interests at times to benefit others . 
   that one was a nutter . 
  it had nothing to do with isis . 
  we 're talking about the real deal here . 
  i recall something about one of the terrorists from the `` real '' attack also being registered multiple times . 
  i might be wrong on that though . 
  it is possible that i mixed this nutter with them . 
   what 's with all these northern countries finland , netherlands , germany & austria . 
  the baltics would probably join in as well . 
   well no common fiscal policies will mean the death of the eurozone . 
  there has to be more than just eurobonds on the table . 
  as i stated elsewhere , germany would be fine with fiscal transfers to poorer countries , ensured that it is guaranteed that there is some kind of oversight to prevent this money going to waste . 
   it does n't stop you helping greece unilaterally .
