  as all international experts agree - people who want to commit acts of terror here do not need to come as a refugee , they could simply come by plane . 
  the terror organizations have enough money and logistics for that . 
  you are also ignoring that the largest part of the attackers in paris were european citizens . 
  they could have committed this without any refugee without problems . 
   isis is a national issue . 
  nonsense . 
  isis is a threat to anyone . 
  and refugees ! = isis  better up your game then . 
  nobody 's happy with the results . 
  given this history , it is highly hypocritical to complain about germany now . 
  and well , countries were pretty consent with the result for the longest time . 
  maybe you should up your game , get your economy running again and play the part you are meant to play - the natural counterweight to germany ? 
  because discouse is good for everybody , including us . 
  it 's little wonder that germany is trying to lead ( even though it might fuck up sometimes ) when there is nobody else to do it . 
  i 'm eager to read that list . 
  and i bet i will find ns1 & 2 on it . 
   i have yet to see a single german demand rich muslim countries like kwait , qatar , united arab emirates , saudi arabia ... to take refugees . 
  these countries are not conntected with us like the other eu states are , they do not share our values , it also would have no effect . 
  what are you going to tell them ? 
  `` take refugees or we will not buy oil from you anymore , wait nevermind we need the oil '' . 
  we are also asking nobody to `` welcome millions of migrants '' from a completely different culture . 
  we are simply demanding that the countries what are usually profiting a great deal from the eu share at least part of the burden . 
   should we lock them up to force them to stay in poland , slovenia or romania ? 
  the un and ngos will be delighted . 
  i outlined a system to ensure that they stay there . 
  it is completely legal . 
  the un and ngos are n't delighted at closing the borders unilaterally either . 
  neither are they delighted about the deal with turkey . 
  it does not violate treaties , they have no handle to prevent it . 
   maybe someone should tell that to the migrants . 
  because in the interview i have seen its like every other eu country is like syria or worse . 
  it 's a bit of a hopeless case . 
  people should know that many things is not as the traffickers tell them they are - these people have access to the internet and some of them still believe that everybody gets free money , a job , a house and a wife here . 
  once they are somewhere , they will notice themselves . 
   so why should the other eu countries be eager to accommodate people who dont want to go to said countries . 
  the humanitarian crisis on the greek-macedonian border is not because of the greek ineptitude to help its because the people there refuse to be helped . 
  because staying at the border in squalor and hoping for merkel to open the borders is better than go to a greek camps . 
  to help fellow european countries . 
  given that these people seem to refuse to believe pretty much anything that counteracts their desires , merkel could stand in front of cameras and announce that we wont be taking anyone from this point - the people would not believe her . 
  people will learn at some point that they are stuck in greece and they will eventually have to make peace with it . 
   `` yes , but considering we could 've fucked them over even harder , they should be grateful foe just being fucked , and the fact that we did n't makes us great guys '' . 
  perfectly exemplifying my reason for political cynicism . 
  it was pretty much the maximum that was poltically possible here . 
  you still dont give any examples but pure vague allegations . 
   to the greeks ? 
  to our two countries . 
  because that is the perspecitve that matters . 
  you ca n't argue that we are making huge profits off the greek debt when the yields are pretty much nothing for us . 
   do you believe we 're lending them money at the rate we got it ? 
  nope , i 'm not . 
  i simply asked whether the 750 millions already take the lending rate for our countries into account . 
  no hidden hint that we were giving it to greece for free . 
  i simply wanted to know . 
  is n't merkel against eurobonds ? 
  that would allow a common rate for france , germany and greece but of course merkel wants only the good sides of a fiscal policy and none of the drawbacks . 
  it 'll blow up sooner or later . 
  first of all , this would not qualify as eurobonds . 
  secondly , the rates have been eurobond-like for almost a decade . 
  there seriously was n't much of a difference between the lending rates for germany , france or greece . 
  which was because the markets assumed that we would stand up for each other . 
  even now , the bonds for you and italy are pushed down by the northern economies . 
  the problem with eurobonds is not that we do n't want other countries to profit but that it would necessarily include risk sharing , something that we do not want . 
   germany should work on the issues it interests it this is not a national issue , this is a european issue . 
   leave other countries alone . 
  your country has essentially played the role germany is playing now for decades . 
  the whole eu was a project that ( amongst others ) had the purpose of inflating frances influence . 
  the whole point of the eu is that countries are working together and not that we leave countries alone . 
   but some solution must be provided to those who already have arrived in greece . 
  the refugees who already arrived in greece are the least of our problems . 
  i do not exactly know whether they could be sent back to turkey under this deal . 
  but even if they could n't - we still have the relocation scheme for 140,000 people ( which most countries still hold up , including the czech republic and poland ) to get a lot of them out of greece . 
   i just find it incredibly amusing that you deemed fit to portray the greek crisis as an example of how germany looks out for member states . 
  given that we had the possibility to fuck over greece much harder - i would n't call it all that bad . 
  ignoring the domestic electorate to make things a little better for someone else qualifies as `` putting european interests in front of national ones '' in my book . 
   germany won a lot more than it gave from the eu . 
  well , hopefully . 
  does not mean that we do not care for others or that we put our interest in front of others . 
  because , you know , there are things that are mutually benefitial . 
  and we all hope for the eu to be/become exactly this : a benefit for every member state . 
   admittedly , the analogy is n't perfect . 
  actually , the analogy does not fit at all . 
  you still fail to come up with any examples . 
   here ya go : http://www.iwh-halle.de/d/publik/presse/30-15.pdf this is indirect profit which comes not only from the greek crisis but the state debt crisis in whole europe . 
  in times of crisis , money tends to flow to the save locations . 
  the us profited aswell . 
  nobody is going to construe some kind of responsibility to give money back to greece/spain/whoever out of this . 
  plus it creates the problem of fairness : a debt relief for greece would * have * to be accompanied with a debt relief for spain and portugal . 
  something that will prove to be very expensive . 
  plus you can not underestimate that much of this debt will probably end up written off or eaten up by inflation . 
  it is not unlikely that inflation will , in a few years , exceed the interst that our governments get on the greek debt . 
   and from the interest rates , france made 750 million . 
  germany has more greek debt so they made more . 
  750 millions are actually pretty much nothing in these days . 
  and by the way , does that already include the interest that france/germany had to pay for the money itself ? 
  because , as we all know , our governments do not have own money as they are heavily in debt . 
   no , but why get up in arms like that . 
  why not call in all eu countries . 
  merkel can not decide for france last time i 've checked . 
  am i wrong ? 
  of course we cant .
