  we do not know . 
  would the quality of life be worse than now ? 
  likely , greece would have to cut its imports drastically if they left the euro . 
  would the economy be on the way of recovery ? 
  maybe . 
  would you still be ` stuck ' with the politicians that brought your country in the current position ? 
  likely . 
  plus you need to take into consideration that a bail-in ( which would have been required in case greece defaultet pretty likely ) would have destroyed the savings of many , many greeks . 
  as for future prospects , we will see . 
  i am still somewhat optimistic , but a lot depends on the next few years . 
  yes . 
  but if someones says ` you greeks are all lazy ' or something of the likes , this person is a moron anyways and he wont be pursuaded with a simple statistic . 
  still money that goes into the greek economy . 
  assets that are sold off are not removed from greece , they are simply operated by a private company instead . 
  this company will pay taxes in greece , hire greek people and invest money in greece to improve their business . 
  the new bailout has money for investments plus the juncker plan does aswell . 
   how is 140 % gdp debt to 200 % less ? 
  it is n't and i never claimed that . 
  however the interest greece has to pay now ( which is essentailly all that matters in terms of budget ) is lower than it was before . 
  no matter the debt/gdp ratio which increased through a declining gdp . 
   i have no public sector so i need growth , investment . 
  private sector investment . 
  the basis is just not there . 
  investment comes when the country offers a solid foundation or when the privatize . 
  costco should be a decent example . 
   my dad is 60 years old and his pension is 300 euro , he has a heart condition and has been ruled as unable to work , thus he got pensioned 3 years ago due to inability ( excuse my english i tried to state it as properly as i can ) i am sorry to hear that . 
  300 euro is crazy few money , especially when you have to bring through two children . 
  i am partly asking because of the ( greek ) phenomen that multiple people ( like in your case ) are living off the pension of their grandparents/parents . 
   i agree that the judicianary system needs a reform as well , but i do not see it happening anytime soon , and this type of change always takes time . 
  you can not appoint new judges overnight . 
  i agree that it is not possible overnight , in fact it is one of the hardest tasks that you can possibly take on you , nevertheless there have been essentially no efforts to do so , so far . 
   i do not understand how you seem to claim that none of this was europe 's fault , as if europeans did everything right . 
  i dont . 
  i just think that your ` arguments ' against the current policies are wrong . 
  especially for the situation of your family , imagine there would have been a grexit . 
  you would have been even worse off as a pension in drachmas is worth less than the current 300 euro . 
  as they would be cut off monetary supply , your government would be forced to cut pensions . 
  your father wont be profiting from further jobs that are ( maybe ) created , in return all imported goods ( like food in greeces case ) will get a lot more expensive for you . 
  sometimes you just have to choose the lesser evil . 
  i do not say that the current program is designed to bring wealth and prosperity to greece , in fact it is unsuited for that ( at least the next programme will have some investment money ) , nevertheless there is no other way to get your government spending to a ` sustainable ' level . 
  your politicians have effectively ` wasted ' money for decades on stupid stuff ( sorry , this is not meant to be anti-greek , but it simply is true ) like the olympic games or presents for their voters , the creditors have good reason to distrust them . 
  he said that in the last proposal , yes . 
  this however is not the ` normal ' case . 
   i think this is big news because until now everyone thought that germany was strictly against any debt relief . 
  this statement was already part of the first ` proposal ' of a temporary grexit a week ago . 
  if the debt was written off , it would be distributed upon the other ez countries through esm and ezb plus maybe target ii . 
  italy and spain could not cover their part without a big struggle . 
  i am really not looking forwards to it : /, 
  it doesnt even bother me . 
  i just asked out of curiosity . 
  i did n't . 
  i did not want to imply that they do not deserve it . 
  if anything , 1000 euros is not enough to feed a family of five in a country like greece . 
  i can also imagine that the property tax takes a huge chunk of their money since they have two houses . 
  how could i even criticize him for living off a small pension ? 
  i just asked out of curiosity , because from the age of the other people he seems rather young to recieve pension payments . 
  as i said before , you need to combine the data from all of these statistics to get a good picture . 
  posting single statistics wont help anyone , they will just lead to a polarized discussion that bears no benefit for anyone and will certainly not prompt a neutral discussion . 
   the eu could write off the entire greek stock of debt , all $ 320 billion and not even feel it . 
  this might be true for germany , however france and especially italy or spain would struggle severly . 
   our only income at this point is my dad 's pension sorry to bring this up , but might i ask how old your dad is ? 
  seeing that you are 18 and 26 and your grandmother is still alive , this confuses me a little . 
   i do n't think austerity will make the economy better , or save my country this was never the point of it . 
  the actions were not pursued for the sake of austerity but because your government was overspending and had to cut costs . 
  unfortunately there is no other way if you are overspending ( given that there is no huge increase of the economy in sight )  here there are so many unemployed people that employers take advantage of , and thats just if someone is nice enough to employ you , they ll just tell you do 1 month internship and then not hire you , or they ll just tell you sign that you received your paycheck and we ll see if you get paid depending on how the economy goes . 
  this is not europes fault . 
  this is the fault of your judiciary system . 
  which the creditors are pushing to reform . 
   i do not believe that structural reforms are the only key thing that needs to happen , i think that as a country we need help and understanding , which we are not getting in my opinion . 
  if not structural reforms , what do you believe will fix your country ? 
  your judiciary is ineffective , your authorities are slow , there is severe need for reforms . 
  your government is still overspending in many areas . 
   i think if europe is a group and we are the sick member of the group they are telling us we should do everything the way everyone else does things . 
  and beside that if we do n't want to we can just leave the group . 
  what is the other option ? 
  besides that , the eu is putting the contrary of what they did themselves upon you . 
   the memorantums had no positive effect so far , and i do not think the way the negotiations are happening they will have . 
  we went from 140 % gdp to debt to 200 % in 5 years . 
  the memorandums were not meant to increase your economy . 
  they were meant to make your government budget more sustainable by cutting costs and to make your country more competitive by cutting on work costs . 
   if there was no austerity and no program i think the situation would have been much better , what do you think ? 
  without it , you would be paying in drachmas right now . 
  if you think this would have been better , i dont . 
  agreed . 
  nevertheless the reason is `` we dont want to '' ( talking about our politicians ) in this case , not `` we are not allowed to '' . 
  if it goes further , we would need a referendum however . 
  if the budget right will be transferred to the eu at one point , we would need to vote on a new constitution according to vo\u00dfkuhle . 
  because the current constitution can not really be changed to strip the parliament of the budget right . 
  we have a representative democracy in most parts of europe for good reason . 
  direct democracy is not necessary to be a democracy . 
  plus , in many countries , budget matters are excluded from plebiscites anyways . 
  and this is almost exclusively a budget matter for most countries . 
  while i did not agree with that referendum in greece , one still has to see that the circumstances are quite different . 
  while for us , there is ` only ' money at stake ( so far ) , the greek are directly affected by the measures taken . 
  affected in a way much more severe than we are . 
  for what reason ? 
  ` revenge ' ? 
  destroying the euro ? 
  there is no reason to do so . 
  not entirely .
