  well , of course . 
  but this is not policy-related . 
  every country has these issues . 
  especially when you are not prepared for this situation . 
  and obviously , nobody was . 
  nope . 
  even in germany , the effects of the refugees here will be a mere 0.2 % additional growth on an annual basis . 
  meaning that the sudden surge can not be explained with it . 
  neither is the boost sufficient , nor do other countries spend nearly as much as we do . 
   2016 predictions well , the predictions for q1 were a lot less promising . 
  let 's hope the rest of the year goes the same way . 
  [ it was negative in 2014 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/gdp-growth ) but not in 2015 . 
  it was en par with [ the ez ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ) in q1 2015 . 
  most of them are not willing to consider any argument . 
  they have a fixed view on the things that happened and they wo n't let stupid things like facts change their mind . 
  i think one can make fair points of mistakes made by the german government in the handling of the crisis , one can argue that some decisions were wrong . 
  but let 's at least stick to the facts and not blame everything on germany or hold merkel responsible for people getting raped or robbed . 
  honestly , the reputation of diesel cars was n't really harmed in germany . 
  many european countries have a 50 % + diesel share and will continue to do so for some time . 
  vw however axed their production of the phaeton and they will replace it by a new car that will only come as an ev . 
  let 's see how that goes . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   cut the benefits for migrants they are already at the lowest legally allowed level in germany . 
   make sure that only the actual refugees get asylum who else got asylum in your opinion ? 
  we did not apply some `` oh you are no refugee but since you are here , enjoy your asylum status '' policy . 
   and advertise in the middle east that you are not a migrant friendly country we have done this , somewhat :  `` do not believe the rumors and false information deliberately spread by human traffickers about the allegedly easy trip and the easy life in germany , '' reads one the latest posts . 
  `` do not risk your lives by trying to flee to europe . 
  human traffickers are criminals who are only interested in money . 
  they do n't tell the truth and do n't care about human lives . '' -  billboards in afghanistan . 
   it worked very well for denmark . 
  there is a bit more to that . 
  most of the refugees wanted to go to sweden or germany anyways . 
  that 's like saying : `` doing nothing has worked very well for spain '' . 
  you can not see this in an isolated way . 
  how is that even relevant to what i am saying ? 
  you are making ridiculous claims and your accusations are simply wrong . 
  merkel is responsible as much as any other head of state along the route the migrants took . 
  from bashar-al-assad to erdogan , tsipras , the heads of the balkan states , the head of austria . 
  seriously , did you even take a look at the link of / u/hematophagian . 
  there was no invitation , and you can not construe a responsibility out of passiveness . 
  what merkel said was in accordance with the domestic law . 
  and by the way , just a quick sidenote , we did not see an increase in sexual assaults in germany ( in relation to population size ) . 
  or a significant increase in crime rates in general for that matter . 
  this is an idiotic view . 
  merkel is not a `` perpetrator '' and she is also not responsible for any rapes . 
  seriously , fuck off . 
  it might fit into your narrow world-view that germany is responsible for the whole crisis and that merkel sent every refugee a personal invitation , but this claim simply does not stand if you look at the facts . 
  first : [ we did not ` invite ' people . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) secondly : no , why should we apologize ? 
  go back in time , look at the newspaper articles . 
  the main points of criticism about hungary have always been that hungary horribly mistreated the people inside its borders . 
  we have been in favor of securing external borders , however reerecting borders inside the eu is a no-go for us . 
   and finally throw themselves at the of feet greece and beg forgiveness for instigating the worst onslaught of illegal migration in modern european history these people came here via greece before a german politician even lost a word about the crisis . 
  if it escaped you - people were coming via the libya-lampedusa route for years before northern europe even noticed anything . 
  nobody gave a fuck back then , it was regarded as `` italys problem '' . 
   then , once all of that has been done , the merkel should visit every victim of rape and sexual assault perpetrated by migrants in germany , sweden etc and beg forgiveness holy fuck you are an idiot . 
  merkel is not responsible for these things . 
   begin the deportation of the 1 million + migrants they ridiculously told to come here . 
  again , there was no invitation . 
  and no , you can not deport these people . 
  for legal and factual reasons . 
  this does not change the fact that there is nobody who is calling for the route to be re-opened . 
  yes , calling out austria was hypocritical , but it happened . 
  let 's move on . 
  you should have a look back at when macedonia closed its border : the main point of german criticism was that they did not coordinate this with the greek government . 
  what else should have been on our mind ? 
  we as a nation have nothing to gain from the balkan route staying open . 
  nobody ( from the government side ) is calling for the balkan route to be opened again . 
  the main concern has always been greece in this regard . 
  the turkey deal fixes this , so there is no problem with the route staying closed . 
  well , but they are pushing for electric cars . 
  vw and its subsidiaries will release evs in the next years . 
  it is just that they do not want to cut off their other businesses at the same time . 
   the us is forcing vw to make electric cars and build a charging network across the country as part of their punishment for cheating on emissions . 
  are they ? 
  i only read it as a suggestion , it did not come up in the recent settlements iirc . 
   the cost of that on top of the tens of billions in fines it is doubtful that the will have to pay ` tens of billions ' honestly . 
  seems reasonable . 
  certainly much better than in some parts of the us where representatives just vote for other people who are not present ( they have voting buttons on their seats ) . 
  i think you are confusing things . 
  what is realistic and what is theoretically possible are two pairs of shoes . 
  you essentially implied that russia `` cant do anything '' - well they can , even though that option is not on the table currently . 
   then there is nothing russia can do . 
  apart from ... you know , stopping to supply the rebel forces ? 
  without supply of ammunition , vehicles and menpower , they will cease to be . 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  i have never heared something of this kind being legal in a national parliament . 
  what happens if the mp who delegated its vote dies during that eight days ? 
  can the other guy still vote in his place ? 
  true , but this does n't change the fact that eastern ukraine needs peace . 
  enduring peace . 
  as i said , this ca n't happen . 
  if their vote is required to ensure that the government has a majority , the leader of the parliamentary group will call them in to vote . 
  additionally , the government party could just ask the president to determine whether the quorum is actually reached . 
  most of the mps are in their offices during that time . 
  why should they ` waste ' one hour of their time to vote in the plenum when it essentially does not make * any * difference ? 
  the heads of the respective parliamentary groups are there to ensure that they have a majority to get their laws through . 
  it is not like the laws are drafted down there . 
  well , where 's the problem ? 
  you can not demand that all your lawmakers are present for every vote .
