   i never said that the state of the railways is good ( believe me , i know ) . 
  i am just saying that privatization is not the answer to everything . 
  the state can be better . 
  yes , but if the state fails to solve the problems/doesnt even try to fix them , privatization is the way to go . 
   great , i want greece to be like korea or switzerland . 
  i think everybody would want to copy these systems , but its not easy to fully copy a system that is set in a entirely different environment ( concerning many different areas ) . 
   if the political class is unable to fix the problems , we need a new political class . 
  it is absurd to say `` oh well , we are corrupt and stupid '' and just sell it all away . 
  of course it is absurd . 
  but i am not doing that . 
  fact is that your national railway is in a dire condition and that all attempts to fix it have not been successful . 
  there have been attempts to sell it two years ago , nobody wanted it . 
  the austrian national railway has stated that they will potentially buy it - if greece gives them money for it ( not vice versa ) given the enormeous financing needs of it . 
  in 2009 , your national railway was losing two million euros - per day . 
  to get the railway into profitable area again , they severely need to reduce the infuence of the railway unions ( the wages your national railway pays are in many areas not sustainable ) while investing a lot of money to make the system more reliable and faster . 
  given that ( as far as i am concerned ) syriza is still somewhat close to the unions while your government lacks the funds to make the required investments into the railway , privatisation seems to be the sensible option . 
  i put a little more thought into this than just ` greeks are corrupt , privatisation is the way ' as you see . 
   can not be privatised i wonder if the eu programmes block period is limited to ` full ' privatisation , we are ` just ' talking about a temporary operating license here . 
  i think / u/helloladies13 ca n't catch a clear thought until 6.86 is released . 
  ^ ^ even ^ ^ more ^ ^ confusion, 
   or , we could try to better the way the government manages the railroads ... decades of greek politicians have failed to accomplish that . 
  as a former minister of yours once said , [ it would almost be cheaper if all the greek railway passengers would use taxis instead ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-18032721 ) . 
  and while greece might be an extreme case , state-owned railway companies have often proven to be less efficient , to offer lower quality services at a higher price . 
  on the other hand , there are examples where it works decently , e.g. 
  in korea or switzerland . 
  the point is : if the political class is unable to fix the problems , ( even partial ) privatisation would be the best way for both the state aswell as for the travellers . 
  railroads in greece would be a perfect example of a sector that should be privatized as it is chronically ineffective and wasteful under government supervision . 
   the problem is that fraport will be a monopoly it all depends on the conditions set in the contracts . 
   we could earn a bit more from the airports . 
  how so ? 
   btw i ve seen a study that was saying that the majority of vegetarians eat meat when they are drunk.have you ? 
  :p yes . 
  i thought it was just a third though . 
  this sounds a lot more realistic . 
  the money greece will make in these years under fraport will be around 2.5 billion . 
  i think this sounds fair given that greece would otherwise have to spend money from that profits on modernizing and expanding these airports . 
  according to man\u00f3lis kalim\u00e1kis , the head of the greek airport personnel union , these 14 airports were the most profitable ones and he claims that ` you could earn $ 16 billion in the next 40 years ' if you kept them . 
  i deem this number highly unrealistic since it would mean that the airports woud be operating at $ 400mil . / year profit which is almost double the profit the whole fraport makes worldwide . 
   ukip too in the uk has seen setbacks due to the set up of electoral machinery . 
  1.25 million votes , 1 mp . 
  compared with 1.25 million votes and 56 scottish mps . 
  this is a flaw of fptp and not some way to ` supress nationalism ' . 
   what is wrong with good old nationalism ? 
  it is a concept that does n't work as good as a joint system and it has been cause for much suffering in the last centuries . 
  our humour . 
   it will play out like it has in france , where millions of muslims live in ethnic enclaves and form parallel societies where poverty is rampant , which allows extremism to flourish . 
  first of all , we are facing an entirely different demographic . 
  secondly , we do not have this colonialism background this time . 
  only a slim minority of people come from africa . 
   what makes you think it will be different this time around ? 
  the fact that we are aware of the issues that can/will arise if you leave the topic entirely untouched . 
  the reality that these people left because of different reasons than most previous arrivals . 
  yes , this might be naive , but i dont think the attempt is entirely remote . 
  this sentence does not make any sense gramatically . 
  but here is my answer to what i think you mean : no , these cases are the exception , not the regular case . 
  shelter on first arrival is also significantly different to long-term housing . 
  i have no problem with comparisons . 
  but they need to be realistic . 
  hence why am opposed to the elephant analogy . 
  of course ` wait and see ' can not be the guiding principle , however comparing it with an elephant is just wrong . 
  this comparison is actually pretty ridiculous . 
  not by the definition of multiculturalism that i just mentioned and that merkel uses . 
  the term ` multi-culti society ' was first introduced by the greens , meaning that there is no need for forced integration of immigrants , made under the belief that parallel societies are not an issue for the state but are in fact beneficial to it . 
  so by that definition , immigration is not per se forcing ` multiculturalism ' of that kind . 
  if you are talking about the original meaning of the word ` multiculturalism ' you are correct , but this is not necessarily bad for a society . 
  not really . 
  we have yet to see how the current situation will play out . 
  it however is clear that the government can not continue with a laissez-faire mentality towards integration . 
  the eu is actually less bureaucratic than most national states in the eu . 
  judging by this comment , you did not even read the article . 
  being opposed to multiculturalism is a consistent stance of merkel . 
  this however does not mean opposition to immigration or taking in refugees in general , it simply describes a stance towards the integration of these people . 
   denmark has been getting a bad reputation in europe there have been several countries that have been object of criticism - germany for being too welcoming , hungary for inhumane treatment and building a fence , greece for letting people pass without registration . 
  i have not noticed that much criticism on denmark . 
  i was mainly talking about seasonal work . 
  yes , it depends on the refugees to integrate , but we have to play our part as well . 
  currently , you are only able to attend language and integration courses if your asylum request has been processed , something that can take months or even years at the moment , hindering integration . 
  we have to create the best opportunities to integrate possible and set incentitives for people to integrate , in our own interest . 
  i have n't done the math on it , but if you are lucky it could well be worth it . 
  i am aware of this . 
  however , there are some people that will buy a car for a few hundred bucks and as soon as expensive maintenance/t \u00dcv / repairs are needed , they will simply buy a new used car for a few hundred euros . 
  i 'm not one of these people , but this kind of people certainly exists . 
  even programs like battery leasing plus cheaper maintenance will not allow for somewhat reliable used cars in the sub 1000 $ range in my opinion . 
  if you pay 950 and have to sign a battery lease afterwards , it will be significantly different . 
   well i do n't know when those will reach such a low price , i would argue that they never will since the battery will be just a pile of waste once it reaches that price . 
   it 's not like people buying cars today look for 1000 euro cars . 
  of course a majority of buyers does n't buy 1000 $ cars , but that was never the point of the discussion . 
  fact is that some people do ( for some it is sufficient if a car just lasts a few months/years ) and that these people will not find an electric vehicle capable of driving more than a few miles in this price region . 
   even if they did , they would n't be able to drive such a car for too long regardless , the reason being emission regulations . 
  well , at least speaking for germany , only older diesels are banned from the cities . 
  petrol cars are fine and they will continue to be allowed for years to come . 
  the royal air force operates a few of [ those ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/cityjet_british_aerospace_avro_146-rj85_ei-rjc_muc_2015_01_crop.jpg/1920px-cityjet_british_aerospace_avro_146-rj85_ei-rjc_muc_2015_01_crop.jpg ) , but they have no ` proper ' governmental plane . 
  [ article on the issue ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-34867739 ), 
  look at the top of this comment chain . 
  [ comment in question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3w7kfu/ban_petrol_diesel_cars_by_2050_european/cxu6ay4 ) . 
  i was merely responding to a claim that by 2050 we will have used electric cars at this price which i deem unlikely . 
  i have no doubt that capacity and price will improve , which i suppose is the point you were trying to make , but it was not the topic here . 
  it doesnt matter , the price will likely not go down to a level where 950 $ electric cars will be feasible . 
   but i find ridicolous that they ca n't find an air force pilot that can fly an average plane i suppose a regular career path is more air force -  civilian airline than vice versa . 
  but yes , it is somewhat ridiculous .
