   ecb president mario draghi says that after accounting for inflation , the rate that savers earn today is higher than it was on average in the 1990s . 
   peter praet , the ecb 's chief economist , says the focus should also be on borrowers , who are more inclined to spend than savers , and are seeing a boost to their disposable income because ultralow rates reduce the cost of servicing debt . 
   korschenbroich literally where ? 
   in december , ms. hofmann , the korschenbroich fruit vendor , used her christmas bonus to buy two 10-gram bars of gold . 
  she has since bought more and has put it , and every euro she can set aside , into a safe at home , saying she does n't trust banks . 
  an interesting article , but why , for the love of god , did they have to select someone who is that stupid ? 
   so i as a dane could just apply for asylum and then receive pocket money and free food for a week ? 
  you would be turned away . 
  iirc , applications from other eu states are not even considered unless you can make a very good point . 
  also , it is possible to force you to live in a shelter . 
  something that does n't exactly qualify as `` application '' . 
  you might also be required to reimburse the state for its expenses before you enter our country again under certain circumstances . 
  not even talking about the fact that it might qualify as a criminal offence . 
  this is not how it works . 
  if you apply for asylum , you will immediately be assigned a shelter . 
  after a certain period of time , you will have a meeting with your immigration officer , which is the point at which all the official documents and background will be checked . 
  denmarks currency is directly linked to the euro ... 
   their economy is tiny , and 10 % of that means that a 50 % cut ( like what happened to greece ) would be perfectly coverable by germany alone . 
  they could have a 100 % debt ratio and we could easily afford a 100 % cut on that . 
  hmm ... kind of interesting , but i disagree that his `` first world '' example really applies to `` first world '' countries . 
  family connections between politicals leaders and the people being assigned the building job are very uncommon . 
  are you sure it is only about greece and not about the piigs in general ? 
  your contribution towards the greek bailout was around 1.5 % of your gdp . 
  you only get into the `` couple of points '' territory when talking about the guarantees and the financing for the esm . 
   wait , how can estonia have 9,7 % debt-to-gdp ratio ? 
  they ran a budget surplus in every year between 1993 and 2007 . 
  they have laws in place that serve as a `` good incentitive '' to run a balanced budget . 
  due to the financial crisis , they were forced to increase their debt-to-gdp ratio from 4 % to around 10 % , but it is projected to decline in the next years . 
  the same here . 
  you can get fined between 5 and 360 ( in some occasions : 720 ) daily payments . 
  those vary depending on your net income , between 1 and 30,000 $ a day . 
  it has n't harmed us so far . 
   history is full of examples of people that manage to clench to their seats long after they 'd be due by distorting the electoral processes , manipulating the masses , rigging elections and so on . 
  a lot depends on strong checks and balances . 
  which we have in my opinion . 
  the president ( whose role is pretty much only representative ) is limited to two terms of five years . 
  the chancellor is not limited . 
  well , certainly not by me . 
  i have held this view since a pretty long time . 
  well , somewhat . 
  your classification of the parties from left to right is correct , but they very much * are * mainstream parties in my opinion . 
  fair enough . 
  not really . 
  that 's actually relatively new for us since we never had extreme partys that were serious contenders in the election . 
  contrary to austria , grand coalitions are still a very rare sight over here ( this one is the third in eighteen elections ) and after the last one ( 2005-2009 ) we saw increases for the liberal party , the greens and the left party . 
  all of which are legitimate democratic parties . 
  since the usual term limit is two , we would be talking about the last election . 
  which opens it up for sch\u00e4uble . 
  at the last election , he was `` only '' 71 years old . 
  quite honestly , i have read more articles about opinion polls in germany on / r/europe than i did on / r/de . 
  and , iirc , it has always been clear that the is has enough money and logistics to carry out strikes in europe without having to disguise fighters as refugees . 
  they do not depend on open borders for that . 
  it is relatively complicated . 
  merkel is pretty much the definition of a centrist politician . 
  under her rule , even people that would never vote conservative voted for her party . 
  not because they like the party , but because they like merkel . 
  merkel has been the # 1 reason to vote cdu for many people in the past elections . 
  not exactly surprising , her popularity rankings have been in areas where you usually only see dictators who faked the numbers . 
  that 's why her personal approval ratings are important . 
  the `` approval rating '' polls have been very volatile in the last time however , with increases or falls of around 10 % in some months . 
  the polling of her party is actually increasing again ( the cdu is polling around 35 % , de facto ensuring that merkel will continue to rule after the next election despite being 6 % lower than in the last election ) . 
  it is still a year to go until our next elections , therefore i do think that it is ridiculous to talk about every poll of this kind in international media . 
  actually it is `` just '' for greeces sake . 
  as was the deal in the first place . 
  the macedonian border is and will remain closed . 
  chances of large flows past the balkans are relatively low . 
  apart from the usual lampedusa stuff , but this is n't affected by the deal anyways . 
  both have been deutschlandtrends . 
  merkel has polled lower ( 46 % ) in feburary . 
   and every single chancellor has been thrown out of office because he did sth outrageous not really . 
  the spiegel incident played some role for adenauer , but he planned to resign anyways . 
  erhard failed as chancellor because he was n't fit for the job . 
  kiesinger was ousted by a new type of coalition ( spd-fdp ) despite reaching a very decent election result ( 46.1 % ) . 
  brandt could have continued as a chancellor but decided to resign . 
   i think we are referring to different polls the quote is directly from the bloomberg article this thread is about . 
   btw , 2009-2013 was a weird thing . 
  cdu lost every possible local election they could possibly lose during those years , and it 's nothing short of impressive of merkel to get those results in federal elections in 2013 . 
  it is indeed . 
  but the circumstances were also pretty decent . 
  actually it 's 2005 and she is n't even the longest serving chancellor we have had in germany . 
  out of eight chancellors ( since 1949 ) , two served longer than her , the peak being helmut kohl with 16 years . 
   voter support for merkel slumped 12 percentage points to 47 percent in july , the second-lowest of her third term that started in 2013 what 's kind of astonishing is that the approval of the current government is still higher than it was during [ most of the coalition with the fdp ] ( http://politbarometer2.zdf.de/store/politbarometer/inc_langzeit/html/c854-zufriedenheit-742d5116.png ) . 
   germany has very strict enforcement of piracy only when talking about torrents . 
  ochs and streams are pretty much never a cause for trouble for the user . 
  assuming that this trend remains , the us is in the same boat as the eu states . 
  they managed to outweigh the reduction in market income with tax cuts , they likely wo n't be able to do that for the next generation . 
  the only country that is doing well in a sustainable manner seems to be sweden . 
  any background for this ? 
  i doubt that it is only  the government intervened to preserve jobs during the global downturn , market incomes fell or were flat for only 20 percent of households , while disposable income advanced for almost everyone, 
  since payed benefits direcly affect the budget , a disconnect between the payments and the recipients would be sufficient . 
  but before you do the work : there is no such disconnect . 
  i could maybe understand where you are coming from if you were talking about unemployment numbers since governments tend to fiddle around with them ( as in finding creative ways not to count people as `` unemployed '' ) . 
  when it comes to the number of welfare recipients , this is not happening . 
  i disagree . 
  if a person is born italian , but the family moves to sweden and works there , why should n't sweden pay benefits ? 
  these people are paying taxes in sweden after all . 
  this is politically impossible in the countries that would be net payers however . 
   if the eu is footing the bill there 's no longer a need to complain and people no longer need to go to a foreign country to get decent benefits . 
  this is the most ridiculous logic i have ever heared . 
  where do you think the eu gets its money from ?
