   well , they got one letter right at least  got ta start somewhere . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.futurelabeurope.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/no.1-ep-2014-general-results.png ), 
  already saw that and had a good laugh . 
  saw it and thought `` better check that you did it right ... oh damn '' . 
  in german it 's bosnien-herzegowina and i at least got the `` v '' right in the english translation , but i somehow felt that the `` z '' would not fit in there in the english version . 
  after checking again , it turns out that `` hercegovina '' is correct in your native language however , amirite ? 
   so many in germany that it 's not even seen behind the blob they want to replace germany with refugees !, 
   actually v4 had a proposal . 
  it 's just that merkel chose to push her way through . 
  now i do n't know if that counts as a pan-european proposal . 
  iirc it was mainly : we are going to close our borders and then the other countries along the refugee paths will do the same . 
  it was not really about coordination . 
   it 's hard to tell - since the two happened at the same time . 
  there was though the frontex report giving more weight to macedonia closure than turkey deal . 
  true . 
  i like to think that both of these measures were necessary for the success . 
  closing the border alone would have fucked greece , turkey deal alone would not have stopped the streams . 
  the two measures go together very well . 
   oh man , this is so true . 
  v4 is good for the start , let 's see how it develops from here . 
  i really hope orban and co will behave in a mature manner during brexit negotiations and not antagonize in every situation . 
  it 's certainly going to be interesting . 
  i am very interested in how the power shift will work out . 
  the uk leaves a big power vacuum in the eu , of course we will likely grow even more powerful , but who will take the rest of the cake ? 
  german dominance is not good for anybody . 
  my bet is on italy . 
   i remember reading today in a us mainstream paper that brexit is merkel 's fault due to the `` invitation '' . 
  sigh :( there were also us television channels reporting about how the `` uk has decided to leave the un '' . 
  ignorant . 
  [ a better visual representation for the proportions ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cckkxe8.gif ) - pretty much the same countries as in the current refugee crisis . 
  [ development of the number of refugees from bosnia and hercegovina in germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/smabhhm.gif ) - a good example for refugees actually leaving after the war is over . 
  edit : sorry for butchering the name of herzegovina . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
   i do n't think i can name a single european country that has a birthrate over two . 
  france and ireland are both around 2 . 
   cough . 
  blank admission to everyone claiming being from syria . 
  we effectively suspended dublin for a while for syrians , yes . 
  but we put it back in place . 
  fake citizenship certainly is a problem , but not our fault . 
  i ca n't think of a country where syrians do not qualify for asylum ( well , apart from the countries without an asylum system like those in the arab world ) . 
  even without a bank admission , you would have 99 % + admission rates for syrians or people claiming to be syrians . 
  i agree that there needs to be more emphasis on finding out about the real origin of people . 
  as you know well , this does not qualify as an `` invite '' . 
   cough . 
  i remember some pesky ee talking about walls or something . 
  yes . 
  but mainly about walling off their own countries in order to start a chain reaction . 
  it was n't a serious pan-european policy proposal . 
  almost everything that has been done in this regard has been unilateral action . 
  yes , macedonia closing the border is one of the main reasons why we do n't see new refugees in europe anymore . 
  it did not cause the stream into greece to dry out however . 
  the high numbers saw significant decreases after the turkey deal was put into place . 
  i think it is also worth mentioning that you need a prominent advocate in the eu for proposals . 
  you have to have one of the big states on your side . 
  italy somewhat sided with germany , france and the uk remained silent ( apart from saying that they do not want any additional refugees ) . 
   anyway , claiming that brexit is somehow merkel 's fault is moronic . 
  it certainly is . 
   i do n't mean selfish in terms of benefiting germany , i 'm talking about her benefiting herself . 
  pretty weak . 
  first of all this still does n't make it an invite and you could also describe her actions as `` selfless '' . 
  she really did not need to seek for her personal gain at that point in time - she was pretty much the politician with the highest approval ratings amongst western leaders at that point in time . 
   `` oh look i tolerant i am '' `` give me a nobel peace prize '' type of selfish . 
  do you really think she gives a damn about a nobel peace prize ? 
  the policy was supported by a vast majoirty of germans at that time by the way ( talking about 70 % + approval ratings of those policies ) . 
   remember when germany invited unlimited numbers of refugees we did not do that . 
  at no point in time . 
   and then decided it was in charge of the refugee policy for the whole eu there was nobody else proposing alternatives . 
  france and the uk were surprisingly silent . 
  if you do not want another country to dominate an area of policy , maybe you should consider putting some proposals forward on you own . 
   and sent the continent into crisis if it escaped you : the refugee crisis was already raging before germany did * anything * . 
   if she did n't invited 1million people from the middle east last summer to come to europe [ there was n't an invite ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ )  selfish actions of merkel . 
  dude , come on . 
  we do not profit from this . 
  we do not profit from refugees in our country , we do not profit from refugees in other countries . 
  you ca n't really be `` selfish '' if it does n't give you any benefits . 
  if you stay for four weeks or longer , it can very well be worth it . 
  shipping a vehicle from germany to the east coast of the us should be somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 $ . 
  the main problem is not the cost , it is the fact that it takes around ten days to ship it ( plus the car has to be at the harbor three days in advance ) . 
  so you essentially go 3-4 weeks without your car . 
  it 's a special austrian plate for certain types of trailers . 
   include any significant further integration if they implement a union of two speeds , why not ? 
  one group integrates further , the other group does n't . 
   you accept governance by the european commission , coprising 28 commissioners , none of whom are elected . 
  the european commission is not `` governing you '' . 
  the commission is elected by the european parliament which all europe voted for . 
  yes , the president appoints the commissioners , but they will face a hearing beforehand and the parliament has already forced countries to change their proposal of a commissioner . 
   the commission proposes all legislation for the eu somewhat , yes . 
   scotland will have no more than 2 % of the votes in the council of the eu correct . 
   you accept that presidents of the various eu bodies are appointed , not directly elected well , not really . 
  the development points in the direction of the president of the commission being directly elected . 
  as seen in the last election to the eu parliament . 
  the president of the ecb is n't elected for good reason . 
  the president of the parliament is elected by the parliament . 
  the president of the euro group is elected by the euro group members . 
  the president of the council is elected by the council . 
   eu will have primacy of all scots law nope . 
   two-thirds of your laws will now come direct [ ly ] from the eu but this proportion will rise wrong . 
  the house of commons library has concluded that around 13 % of laws are eu-related .
