  its not like our politicians are dictating the articles . 
   it is btw not the best way to help them , and we all know it !!, 
  whats the ` best way ' then ? 
   i do not agree with your politic of hate we are not hating on anyone . 
   just be honest , we all know what kind of language is used in german press . 
  because you certainly have a press that is completely unbiased and would never take the side of your national interests ...  polish concentration camps again , this is only a linguistic failure . 
  nobody , nobody wants to shift the blame , especially not germany . 
   in the same time , let me ask a question , why we talk so much about the refugees from middle east and north africa ( why we do not call them emigrants ) and we completely ingnore ukraine ? 
  country much closer to us , both geographically and culturaly ? 
  because the largest part of ukraine is safe and there are no large-scaled bombardements of civilians . 
  its still sad because good relations are benefitial for both of our countries . 
  this title gives a wrong tone to it . 
  vice president of the parliament is not an office that really holds power . 
  it is mainy honorary and representative . 
  mrs roth is n't even leading personnel in her own party anymore . 
  factually , she ` just ' is a german mp . 
  are we really at a time again where people have no better justification than our crimes in ww2 ? 
  completeley ignoring even that schulz does not speak on behalf of our government . 
   i think that mr. martin schulz would not formulate such statements in relation to israel schulz actually managed to piss of pretty much the whole knesset during his last visit . 
   it also shows our position in the international arena , our weak position in the world arena . '', 
  this statement could be from donald trump . 
  i dont have one at hand nor do i think there is a definite one . 
   witch trials are not a war . 
  i only used it as an idicator that we are not only talking about the most recent developments of our country . 
   this list [ 1 ] says 36 . 
  this list is not absolute . 
  we had enough conflicts that did not involve the hre as a whole . 
  since unification . 
  if you include older times ( which is the time where witch trials etc. 
  happened ) that list gets multiplefold longer . 
  are we actually responsible for [ this atrocity ] ( http://www.gannett-cdn.com/-mm-/4def2896479227cde4ccfe3c9aad94febba5d762/c=11-0-289-370&amp;r=537&amp;c=0-0-534-712/local/-/media/2015/06/13/pensacola/pensacola/635698308411934487-joedirt.jpg ) ? 
  if nations were people , the eu would be a club of sick fuckers that dont want to talk about their past . 
  oops . 
  fixed . 
   many more wars i think we would surpass the character limit of reddit trying to list all the wars we have fought . 
  the same is true for most major european nations . 
  this dwarfs all of the above , agreed . 
  uhm ... pretty much all of them . 
  * colonial crimes \u2611 * world war \u2611 * world war \u2611 * use of inhumane war equipment ( chemicals , cluster bombs , rockets at civilians ) \u2611 * applying scorched earth docrine \u2611 * expulsion of large populations \u2611 * genocide \u2611 * massacres on civilians in general \u2611 * persecution and killing of disabled and homosexuals \u2611 * slave labour \u2611 * medical tests that involved the intended death of the ` participants ' \u2611 * religious prosecution \u2611, 
   at least half or more of the people we deployed to iraq and afghanistan were contractor this is still a difference towards allowing people on your own soil to use and own military equipment . 
  we have contractors as well but they are not used in a large scale . 
   are civilians allowed to carry concealed firearms in public ? 
  in some european states , they are . 
  in germany , you are n't but thats not what you asked in the first place . 
  you are free to choose where you want to live . 
  but if you are already unhappy with the mentioned states , you will likely never be consent with regulation in europe . 
   i understand you have people who own firearms and like them . 
  if you do n't understand the degree of difference between the u.s. and other countries when it comes to this , i do n't know how to help you see it . 
  we are in a completely different category . 
  you are talking about the difference between two 6 year olds kicking a ball around and a 3 time world cup champion football team . 
  this was not meant to be a comparison . 
  it was just meant as an indicator that even people who love their weapons ( admittedly most not to the degree of some americans ) are willing to agree to agree to limits to their hobby if they see a good reasoning behind it . 
  i am well aware of the difference in the relationship , i have lived in the us and have family over there . 
   to imply at least that our gun laws are the result of a single lobbying group . 
  the nra surpasses the target sometimes though . 
   i mean to say that the kind of gun laws required to make a meaningful difference in gun crime , on their own , are much more strict than americans will tolerate . 
  might be true . 
   many americans do not have that same level of trust in government and law enforcement ( some would say with good reason ) . 
  well , take this for example : the average us policeman has about three months of education and is then ` released ' into the public . 
  in germany and other european nations , it is three years . 
  it does also have a lot to do with your history ( well , at least you trust your government when it comes to war and dont build private armies lol . 
  i could totally see trump purchase a carrier in that scenario ) . 
   to allow qualified , safe civilians to own firearms we already do that . 
   it 's quite possible i am wrong and that personal gun ownership by a larger percentage of the population just is n't compatible with the values of most european countries and there would not be enough positives to be gained to make it worthwhile . 
  yes , i think you are wrong . 
   well , the point is that in this particular instance , gun laws did not make a difference . 
  so what ? 
  it doesnt matter that gun laws have n't been able to prevent this shooting . 
  it matters that we have less gun-related crimes and that people do not die in situations where they would have died had guns been involved . 
   i simply would like the french people and all people to have the freedom to defend themselves and possibly save the lives of others because the police are not with you every hour of every day a majority of these very people doesnt want that , so what you want is entirely irrelevant . 
  but i think its just a stupid discussion from both ways . 
  if you have a shooting , we say you need gun laws , if we have a shooting you tell us we dont need ours . 
  let every country decide for themselves . 
  see my other reply aswell . 
   i may be . 
  i do n't think there is any european country though , that has quite the history and love affair with firearms that we have . 
  at least not western europe . 
  if they did , they would not have the laws they do now . 
  i guess you are somewhat mistaken . 
  it is not like we dont have people that like and own firearms . 
  people are willing to enact laws against things they like if the overall effects are positive . 
   i assumed this because you had mentioned australia . 
  i did n't mention australia once . 
   it 's not shill for gun companies who want to give all americans guns against their will . 
  never claimed that . 
  it is a classical lobby group . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  ( well , they are in some aspects acting counter to what a majority of their members want , but whatever ) i simply said that they are one of the reasons that prevent stricter gun laws . 
   if you have the idea that the majority of americans want sweeping gun control laws and bans and it is only the nra that stands in the way , you are mistaken . 
  i dont . 
   also just because only passing some laws would n't make much difference when we already have 310 million guns of all types in our hands . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i think you are completely missing what i am saying the whole time . 
  i actually do not care what the us does in terms of gun laws . 
  this thread was about whether we would like the right in our own country . 
  and i said no and argued that we dont need the laws that you have ( or actually have n't ) in the us because of the results of this policy . 
  you yourself conceded that your dealing with guns leads to more gun violence . 
  i do not plan to convince you about the benefits of gun control and i wont lobby for your politicians introducing these laws . 
  nevertheless i would appreciate if they did because i believe in the positive effects of laws of this kind . 
  nevertheless i am fully aware of the realities and i am certain that our kind of gun laws will never have a chance of passing in your country .
