  ( i am talking about smaller cities though , i can imagine this being more of `` a thing '' in berlin ), 
  nonsense . 
  the netherlands also export 25 % to germany and import 14 % , france 17 and 20 % . 
  nobody says that these countries are `` colonies '' of germany . 
   the ukraine crisis is only a preview of poland 's increase of influence . 
  call me ignorant , but i do not see the ` influence ' of poland in this issue . 
  yes , poland is one of the countries that is more comitted to helping ukraine and will probably one of the first to send armed forces if shit gets too hot , however the countries that seem to be in charge here are germany and france ( from the european side ) . 
  also , poland seems to do this because they are afraid of russia . 
  dont get me wrong , i am all in for a strong poland and i happily look forward to poland getting more important both politically aswell as in economic terms ( i disagree on the `` danger of loss of sovereignty to the eu '' , but thats an acceptable disagreement i 'd say )  `` living well is the best revenge '' . 
  you make it sound as it was a punishment for germany ( or whoever ) to see poland prosper . 
  it is not , actually it is the opposite , if you are doing well , it is to our advantage . 
  the war with the germans certainly proved that they had the capabilities to build up an army powerful enough to defeat forces larger than what poland had to offer at that time ( even without us help ) . 
  however , it is all hypothetical and we can only be relieved that this time is over ( hopefully we are not on the verge of another cold war ) . 
  you cant change the historical happenings and reasonings . 
  what happened in and after wwii is a tragedy for every country that somehow was affected by it , however i do not see the reasons to revert the effects of a decision made 70 years ago . 
  dont forget that also polands wellbeing is highly dependend on the germans doing well ( 1/4 of your export go to and 1/3 of your imports come from germany ) , if we had to pay war reparations for a war that started 75 years ago ( and if we gave in to greece , everyone would want some ) , our country ( and , affected by this ) and yours and many other would suffer . 
  and well , `` taken advantage of '' - the people here still worked for the money , it is not like the allies said `` it shall be economy in germany '' and we suddenly had loads of money . 
  of course people are reluctant to give money to countries they have no control over . 
  it is arguable how far the soviet sphere of influence would have reached without the war . 
  i 'd argue most people who decided on this did not give a fuck about the wellbeing of the german citizens but they rather did this to prevent future wars and to limit the sphere of influence of the soviet union . 
  ( this does not justify anything for the current day , however ), 
  and did they succeed ? 
  i 'd argue they did not . 
  also , dont forget that the concept of being `` german '' is a rather new one , who knows what would have happened ? 
  ( i 'd argue that an eradication of being german would not have worked but the parts would have come together again at a later point ) . 
  not really . 
  to have an accurate say on this , you would need to compare how the countries have done without the war . 
  and if germany was able to build up its industry to the level it is today despite having to rebuild major parts of the country aswell as losing large parts of its territory , imagine how it could ( !!!, 
  i do not say it would ) have done without these setbacks . 
  you do realize that the concept of not imposing dracoinc sanctions on germany like after ww1 was applied because they wanted to prevent yet another war ? 
   maybe if people were more germanophobic after wwi we could avoid one of the greatest atrocities in human history , one which you ultimately benefitted from which is the very thing that pisses me off . 
  assuming this is just bullshit . 
  if there were any benefits from the second worldwar for germany , they were everything , but not economic . 
  you could argue that we finally got a constitution that grants fundamental rights and that we overcame this `` going to war every 20 years '' shit , and that we overcame widespread nationalism , but please dont say that our economy benefited from the war . 
  as the typical european being relatively uneducated on russias politicians , the only people i have in mind are either in the opposition ( so : unlikely ) or are medwedew . 
  however , it is assumed that putin had power over what medwedev did when they swapped positions , so i do not think one really knows what politics would be in place after putin . 
  i can only imagine the change in power not being that smooth as in western countries . 
  i disagree with the picture that germany is doing as well as it is today just because we have `` pure work ethics and are of a superior intellect '' , assuming this is just illusional . 
  however , germany found itself to be in a really strong economic position a few decades later despite having to completely rebuild major parts of the country and its `` big player '' companies ' facilities being utterly destroyed or dismantled after the war . 
  it is rightful to assume that the marshal plan had a positive impact on this , however it is arguable to which extend . 
  greece recieved almost 50 % of the marshal funds germany got while being a much smaller country being destroyed to a much lesser extent . 
  also , the fact that germany obtained new machinery before 1945 that was still available to a certain extent after the war helped its fast recovery and its development towards ( eventually ) becoming europes economic powerhouse . 
  i unfortunately do not know an exact analysis on what exactly lead to germany outperforming most other european countries ( even the uk which recieved the largest amount of marshal funds and which suffered much less from the war than france , germany or greece did ) . 
  however , it did , whatever the reasons for it are . 
  i cant really say much about the thing with the numbers . 
  i did not see varoufakis publish any numbers on it , so would you be so kind linking me a source on that ? 
  i just read this accusation from multiple newspapers from many different countries . 
  i do not think that taking a hard stance on the issue is only for newspapers but also a tribute to the parliaments . 
  our politicians are generally not that happy with ` giving money to greece ( even though they are more favorable towards it compared to the overall population ) , since our parliament has to approve further credit lines , sch\u00e4uble would get hacked to pieces if he was too ` soft ' on greece . 
  sorry , i should have made that more clear . 
  it does not have citations on the issue , if you mean that . 
  it however displays specific examples that you can look up . 
  [ this is an excerpt from the book , the things i mentioned are talked about under `` a brief flowering of the auto industry '' ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.kitapi.de%2fproducts%2freading-epub%2fproduct-id%2f2334002%2ftitle%2fgriechenland%252b-%252beine%252beurop%2525c3%2525a4ische%252btrag%2525c3%2525b6die.html%3ffirm%3d%2522miller%2be-books%2522&amp;edit-text= ) . 
  sorry for google translate , i simply could not find an english version of this . 
  i agree with you on the fact that this matter needs time to reform . 
  however , electronic government is a good way to overcome corruption and extensive bureaucracy and it has been more or less effectviely been applied in some eastern european countries after the fall of the soviet union . 
  i know that germany is still somewhat a developing country in this area , however , this should not be an arguemt against it . 
  i am with you that it is unrealistic to expect that the greek government is able to get all this done in a short time , especially given the current circumstances . 
   it 's exactly what the german government and schauble has been doing to an absurd extent - they have been very vocal about syriza for `` losing time '' and not having fixed everything already when they 've been in power for about one month . 
  i actually have a different understanding of the current criticism by our government . 
  the people are very much aware that stuff like this takes time , especially considering that we ourself went through labor market reforms not that long ago while having more leeway ( our labor unions still did not make peace with the reforms we did 15 years ago ) . 
  the criticism is , in my opinion , more adressed at the public acting of the people involved from the greek side ( especially mr. varoufakis ) aswell as them not delivering any ` solid ' numbers or measures to their creditors . 
  partially true . 
  of course you ca n't stimulate the growth of underdeveloped sectors without spending . 
  however , greece was supposed to build up a bank that supports domestic investments for several years already and ( as far as i can see ) nothing really happened . 
  the other thing is that they need to fix corruption and bureaucracy first because a stimulus does nothing if all the money is going to waste/is not used . 
  i really hope that syriza will be able to fix at least some of these things . 
  furthermore , considering the war loan that is brought up regularily at the moment : there are suggestions that germany could , instead of repaying that debt , put a few billions in a bank of the kind i mentioned above . 
  even though i deem it unlikely that it will happen , this would actually benefit both parties , germany would no longer face the ` threat ' of war repayments while the greece economy would be stimulated without the need to take this money from the greek budget . 
  seek judgement on this at the icj or the ecj like in the last times they tried to seize german property . 
  productivity is just an indicator that , standing alone , has no further means in terms of your economic wellbeing , that is true and i fully agree with you . 
  not everybody needs to be a manufacturing giant . 
  however , if you are unable to run a somewhat balanced budget/trade with just service and tourism in general , you might wan na look into building up more profitable economy branches . 
  `` griechenland - eine europ\u00e4ische trag\u00f6die '' , which translates to `` greece - a european tragedy '' by wassilios aswestopoulos . 
  i do have one . 
  however it unfortunately is an ebook by a greek author written in german . 
  of course it is . 
  it is a welcome narrative to some parts of the media , it makes it easier to paint greece as bad . 
  of course it is . 
  but in some cases , it is your own fault when you dont allow this kind of high-value production to build up in your country . 
  people in greece tried to built up a car manufacturing industry , and they failed due to resistance from both labour force aswell as the government . 
  i do not have information how this is handled in general there , but this is something that i assume must be more widespread . 
  where did op state that they were shown as soviets ? 
  he was complaining about being displayed in a wrong way , not about being displayed as soviets . 
  unfortunately , attemts to build up things like the auto industry in greece have failed miserably due to unwillingless to cooperate by both the labour and official side . 
  i never claimed that . 
  greece is also one of the greatest contributors of the german arms industries , not relative to its size , but in total . 
  ( or at least it has been prior to the crisis and even in the first years of the crisis ) . 
  i was actually talking about productivity per hour worked . 
  and for this , it is true . 
  your graphic unfortunately has very broad labels , if you see the data behind it , what i stated is true ( france being the big exception ) . 
  however , i was , contrary what you might be thinking , only talking about the selected countries included in ops post . 
  and for these , putting the list upside down is kinda accurate in terms of productivity per hour worked . 
  and no , i do not expect greece to come close or outdo germany , but i think [ 70 % higher productivity ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2013/09/working-hours ) by germany is still beyond the difference in the kind of economies . 
  i did not say that . 
  this is not a new chart and something similar was posted on this sub several times . 
  unfortunately , the productivity puts this list upside down , it doesnt matter if you work 50 hours when someone else gets more work done in 30 hours . 
  is there any show in the world that does ? 
  thats why it is a show . 
  accurate government portraits are seldomly funny or enjoyable .
