  well , somewhat . 
  it is in fact a stimulus , but this is not the primary purpose . 
   procedure about refugees looks like in germany 1 . 
  you get into germany ( under whatever circumstances , be it resettlement or illegal border passing ) 2 . 
  you go to the authorities and tell them that you are looking for protection 3 . 
  you will be assigned shelter ( not an own flat but usually in a complex together with many other refugees ) . 
  until recently a lot of school gyms and former army barracks were used for this . 
  you apply for asylum 5 . 
  you will be assigned a meeting with an immigration officer who will ask you questions ( due to the high amount of refugees last years , it could take months until you were granted such an appointment . 
  it should be better now ) . 
  your asylum request will be processed by the authorities . 
  this can take between a few weeks and some months ( but there have been cases where people waited for almost two years due to the high workload for the authorities ) . 
  while you are being processed , you usually stay in the shelter and you get some pocket money ( under 80 $ per month ) . 
  it is also possible that you are already being assigned a place to live . 
  if you are rejected , you will be asked to leave the country . 
  depending on the specific circumstances , it is possible that you will be tolerated . 
  if you fail to leave the country , the government will seek to deport you at some point . 
  if you are accepted , you will be assisted in finding a flat/assigned one and from then on you will pay regular government benfits . 
  if you are granted asylum status , you will get an unlimited residence permit ( which becomes invalid as soon as the asylum reasons are no longer present ) , if you recieve protection as a refugee ( which is the most common status , below 1 % of people get actual asylum ) , you will get a temporary 2 year protection status . 
  if you recieve subsidiary status ( even weaker ) , it is one year iirc . 
   but will they be required to find a job at some point ? 
  yes . 
  if you fail to look for a job , you will experience significant cuts on your benefits ( up to 25 % ) . 
  you need to apply for a certain amount of jobs within a time and these applications need to be serious . 
  if you have a family of four , you will recieve 364 $ for each parent and around 300 $ per child ( depending on the age ) . 
   the numbers are not small . 
  we have taken in one million people * once * . 
  this will not happen again . 
   all the statements of the un migration office , which basically demand that eu would have to take in about 5-10 million `` refugees '' within about 5-10 years . 
  if the past crisis has proven anything , it is that the eu does not do what the un wants . 
   and since more than half of those would choose to live in germany there is , as always in real life , a disconnect between what you want and what you can get . 
  half the people wanting to come here does not mean that we will allow half of them to come here . 
  which is what matters . 
   choose to invite in all the relatives of their extended families which is not backed by the laws . 
  there is no law that would allow you to invite your extended family over . 
   germany will be overrun in this lifetime nonsense . 
  you should not be worried . 
  these expenses are perfectly manageable . 
  taking in refugees that entered the eu somewhere else is not a violation of dublin as dublin has specific provisions allowing exactly that . 
  the only violation of dublin was when states let people pass through without registration . 
  this is a bit inaccurate . 
  the only meaningful statistic is : `` how many people do stay here on benefits '' . 
  because , as you rightfully said : not being accepted does not mean that you will immediately be cut off benefits . 
  on the other side , there are also people leaving voluntarily which are not included in the `` deportation '' statistics . 
   you can expect the greens and die linke to push for that very soon . 
  neither of them has shown any tendencies towards this . 
  it also has n't been changed in the last refugee crisis in the 90s . 
  they are also not even remotely powerful enough to do that . 
   nothing ? 
  this is a very naive perspective . 
   is this how germans insult ? 
  man , no wonder germany is weak . 
  it was a simple observation , not an insult . 
   does n't change the fact that these laws are horrible and still need to be changed . 
  nope . 
  these laws are completely fine and every legal scholar will tell you that they are . 
  people are still very satisfied with our constitution . 
  not even the afd wants to deport the people who have been accepted as refugees . 
   uhhhh how about not giving them money that encourages more of them to come ? 
  and then what ? 
   another dumb law that germans need to try to change , but wo n't . 
  have fun with these culturally enlightened people , lol . 
  your use of various forms of laughter in your speech indicates you cant possibly be older than 16 years . 
  but whatever . 
  first of all , this is not only prevented by german laws but by international law . 
  nobody would seriously consider deporting people into syria . 
  no european state . 
  not even hungary . 
  and considering german law : this is based on art . 
  1 of our constitution which can not be changed . 
  the budget of the ministry responsible is 130 billions annually . 
  about matching numbers - its a bit complicated to calculate this . 
   pretty dumb law . 
  what are you going to do to people stuck inside your borders ? 
  you can not deport them anywhere . 
  not to greece , not to syria . 
   if they entered the black market , it would be easier to weed them out and deport them en masse and create even more rightful resistance towards people who would be so lowly to enter crime in a foreign country . 
  you 're basically saying that it 's better to give the criminal money and let him stay because otherwise he will act badly . 
  and these are the people you want to stay . 
  the german mentality , hahahahha . 
  i have said none of these things . 
  and even them working in the black market would not allow us to deport them . 
   so productive , in that they hold a job ? 
  so basically , so long as they can give tax money to the german state they are good people and are a benefit to german people ? 
  there 's more to citizenship than just paying taxes . 
   you are completely ignoring their culture and history in favor of their giving taxes to the german state . 
  you are totally ignoring the reality . 
  you can draw hypothetical scenarios as much as you want , they are not getting any more realistic . 
   the fact that it allowed for , argued for , and encouraged for hundreds of thousands culturally questionable , uneducated people to flood europe . 
  the eu commission has neither power over national borders nor has it authority here . 
   the fact that it has continually tried to push the distribution of these useful people to other european countries . 
  this does not confirm your point . 
   the fact that anti-immigration , specifically towards africans and muslims , is a taboo among the eu . 
  you mean donald-trump `` ban all muslims '' policies ? 
  i do not have a problem with opposing these policies . 
  still does not make it a eu decision . 
   the fact that the eu punishes countries like italy if it does not go into the ocean to save illegal migrant boats , take them to italy , and process them . 
  source . 
   uhh , the same problem exists with those groups in that the issue of their culture among other characteristics pose a threat to the german nation . 
  you are suggesting that every people who is not bloodline-german is a threat ?
