  i am not aware of any cases of discrimination of foreign nationals in canadas criminal justice system - i howeve * do * know about cases of discrimination of foreign investors in canada . 
  you understand it differently than i meant it then . 
  and by the way : i do not believe that isds poses a problem . 
  again , we are at the `` spreding bullshit '' point - the campaigns engaged in a * ridiculous * amount of fearmongering on isds , quoting cases in a simplified way so that they support their standpoint , making wrong claims on when isds can actually be used . 
  about the regulatory cooperation : we will have to see how that plays out . 
  it is kind of hard to argue about this topic as we do not have prior experiences with mechanisms like this . 
  i agree that it * could * pose a threat to certain parts of legislature , but it might aswell turn out to be a brilliant idea . 
   but how does that devalue any and all criticism as you imply in your answer ? 
  you should probably read my answer again : * most of what stop-ttip and similar groups claimed simply is n't in there . 
  it is possible to give a decent of the dangers and benefits of such a deal even when you formed your own opinion . 
  it is possible to give neutral statements about this . 
  i am not exactly suprised that isds is opposed by that union . 
  i have n't said any of this ? 
  the campaigns had significantly more claims . 
  they claimed things that were not checked by the bverfg simply because * it was n't in there * . 
   because of that i am looking for people with those i can trust - for example if 101 law professors sign a statement against isdss - details in the link in english , french , german , italian and spanish maybe you should look for people who take a neutral stance . 
  because if you actively engage in a campaign like stop-ttip you have been `` neutral '' for the longest time . 
  well , i do know because i have read the relevant parts of the agreement . 
  most of what stop-ttip and similar groups claimed simply is n't in there . 
  the following pages are n't as relevant to a good understanding of the treaty . 
  the core agreement is `` only '' around 250 pages long . 
  this has literally nothing to do with the aspect of ceta i just talked about . 
   it would be harder to improve the consumer rights for example , the companies involved would sue the government . 
  this is inaccurate . 
   not sure how it works in canada , but in europe if you buy any electronics , they must have at least 2 year long warranty . 
  a few years ago there was a situation where apple did n't realize ( ? ), 
  and basically refused to accept warranty claims after the 1 year warranty they offer ( thus breaking the law ) . 
  this has nothing to do with any trade agreement . 
   but let 's say at this time , the regulation in most of the signatories is almost the same . 
  if a country wanted to increase the minimum warranty period further , the companies in the other countries would sue them . 
  inaccurate . 
   furthermore most of the big companies are not based in any one country , but rather in tax heavens . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  isds under ceta is only available for companies with significant business operations in canada . 
   the agreement is probably beneficial for canadian companies , and at least not detrimental for canada itself , but is it beneficial for the european people ? 
  that 's the whole point . 
  feel free to highlight these faults . 
  it is the fucking point of this agreement though . 
  it does not make sense to agree that neither side will discriminate and then go on as if nothing happened . 
  inaccurate . 
  they get criticised to this very day . 
  quelle surprise !, 
   but that leads to the response that it would make greece/italy responsible for the issue . 
  partly . 
  i think there is a lot of blame on most european governments - italy demanded help and nobody was willing to help them . 
  they proposed a quota ( and at that time , it could have been realistic to bring that through the parliaments ) and the rest of europe ( including germany as a vocal opponent ) rejected that proposal . 
  this would be true even under the ` old ' regime . 
  and just a line of thought : if the rules * were * enforced , we would have eventually seen that things cant continue that way . 
  i have a hard time imagining that the rest of europe would ignore greece and italy in such a case . 
  this would make the need for a common solution much stronger and thus more realistic . 
   there was no magic bullet . 
  the real problem was that there was n't a better combined solution found earlier . 
  accurate . 
   i favored a pacific solution approach , which probably would not have been politically-viable in germany and would have stretched or violated the refugee convention . 
  you mean like australia ? 
  apart from the fact that this would be illegal under a * multitude * of treaties and constitutions , it is simply not realistic here . 
  we do not have neutral islands that we could transfer people to . 
  apart from that - the australian response was met with significant amounts of criticism from all sides . 
   would it not have been better to vet them in camps near syria and fly them to germany or sweden ? 
  until all hell broke loose in the end of 2015 , the numbers where somewhat manageable . 
  also : camps in the region is always nice talk , but you have to look at the reality : in 2015 , one of the worst years for refugees , the total world-wide resettlement was 80,000 people . 
  that 's nothing if we are honest . 
  what * would * have been better is providing proper funding for the camps in the region from the beginning . 
  some camps seriously ran out of money to buy food . 
  this is the most basic of needs . 
  with stories like this , it is hardly surprising that people left these camps towards europe . 
  i am not talking about the benefit , i am talking about the impact on the trade balance . 
  at some point - yes , they were overwhelmed . 
  but it is not like this happened without earlier indicators . 
  some countries failed to upgrade their facilities and increase their personnel on time . 
  and some simply did n't care . 
  the same goes for the other countries on that route - it is the easiest way to let the people move on to germany or sweden . 
  about `` offering '' - we pretty much had no other choice . 
  the ecj declared that it was illegal to deport people back to greece due to inhumane conditions for refugees over there . 
  since most of the people came via greece , we had no other legal option than allowing them to apply for asylum here . 
  this was the de facto situation even before the point where we announced that dublin would no longer apply to syrians . 
  oh , things like registering refugees , not allowing illegals to move freely through europe and securing the outside boders of schengen just to name three . 
   the eu 's internal ease of movement was a huge incentive for migrants to come to the eu . 
  you can not blame the migrant crisis on schengen . 
  if the national states had actually fulfilled the things that were connected with schengen and dublin , there would not have been an issue . 
   in its handling of the migrant crisis the failure to find a comprehensive solution was n't really the fault of the eu as an institution . 
  the main actors that are responsible here are the national governments , failing to come to an agreement , failing to see that dublin was a failure on time . 
  unilateral decisions are only on top of that . 
   if countries could just print money to make their debts go away , the austerity under the tory government would not have been necessary . 
  without austerity and increasing debts , market confidence in sterling would have declined . 
  it also comes at the cost of the people . 
  essentially it is them who will pay for the debt if you try to get rid of it by forcing inflation . 
  too bad that these nukes are on a german air base where no american aircraft capable of carrying them is available . 
  the only way that these nukes could end up in the mentioned cities is if we * fucking dropped them ourselves * . 
  this statement of yours only proves that you do not have a single fucking clue what you are talking about . 
  soldiers without the equipment to do anything here ? 
  yeah , totally not free . 
  shoot down the planes of the investors !, 
  as i suspected . 
  accurate , but fortunately for bavaria , audi and bmw decided to settle in bavaria after the war . 
  they also received monetary transfers from the other federal states for a few years . 
  which ` version ' are you talking about ? 
  yeah , of course . 
  so this means the trade with canada would be perfectly balanced ... if there was n't a little country called germany . 
  i wonder how ceta will affect this .
