  it 's dead in the water . 
  not politically viable . 
  sooner is the eu torn to bits than something like this will come to pass . 
  at least before / until migrants are separated from refugees and the borders are closed , or countries have demonstrated that they can handle integration flawlessly . 
  that 's unrelated to the current crisis . 
  it was simply a take on how much europe could do when faced with tens of millions of people * in theory * . 
  sure , but i maintain that our asylum laws were n't the problem here . 
  [ what i outlined here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6m6d7q/polish_society_is_generally_proeuropean/djzvwdq/ ) is the main problem in my opinion . 
  no matter if you are talking about legitimate asylum seekers or `` simple '' flight of poverty . 
   i 'm very skeptical we could handle tens of millions , even if it were logistically possible the reaction to it would be extreme to say the least . 
  depends on the timespan of course . 
  but it is n't totally unrealistic given europes size . 
  this however would only work if there was fair sharing of the burden . 
  germany alone wo n't be able to cope with that . 
   what if they 're coming across the mediterranean ? 
  are n't we obligated to receive them under current treaties regardless if they 're legitimate refugees ? 
  depends on what you consider `` recieving '' . 
  if you mean what 's currently happening ( refugee boat leaves libya , `` breaks down '' , people get rescued and taken to the next italian port by either ngos or the operation triton ) : it is possible to put legal constraints on the ngos to prevent them from doing what they are doing and operation triton could theoretically return refugees to northern african countries given their agreement . 
  we have no obligation to take anyone that does n't touch european soil . 
  once people are on european soil , it gets a bit more complicated , but given a lack of reasons for asylum , it is possible to detain people and send them back , even though that might be difficult - see reply below . 
   how do you plan on preventing them coming here ? 
  does n't that essentially boil down to paying african countries to do our dirty work ? 
  not that i necessarily think it 's a bad idea , but it should n't be our last line of defence . 
  we will naturally have to work with african countries on this . 
  on two fronts : first of all , we would have to work with the northern african countries so that they secure their own coasts and allow ships to be sent back into their own harbours . 
  this means providing them with financial assistance and structural assistance . 
  this will probably require supporting them building camps and supporting their government infrastructure . 
  unfortunately , most countries there still have n't recovered from the arab spring . 
  libya does n't have a government in control of the country , others are still in a process of slowly rebuilding their state and egypt is having severe financial troubles . 
  there are plans to secure the southern borders of libya and other countries with the help of the local tribes . 
  italy has taken a first attempt at this recently , but this appears to be very costly as it effectively includes compensation for the money these tribes would usually earn from the human trafficking . 
  secondly , we need the cooperation of the countries of origin of these people . 
  we can not deport to a country without the consent of the government of that country . 
  we need the support of these countries as many people arrive here without id papers , making it more difficult to deport them . 
  and yes , this will be very expensive as well . 
  these states know that we have a vested interest in `` getting rid '' of these people and they know that they are in a somewhat decent position for negotiations . 
  there is also the possiblity of sending * everyone * that makes it to europe back to northern african countries , but at least so far , none of those countries would allow that . 
  and that 's perfectly reasonable for them . 
  because it would leave them with thousands of illegals that have no interest in going back to their countries of origin . 
  the essential problem boils down to one simple thing that can not be changed : state souvereignty . 
  we can not send back people into a country without their consent , be it by plane or by returning boats to their coasts , because it violates their territorial integrity . 
  our asylum laws really are n't the problem in this regard . 
  honestly , there is no point in discussing that . 
  you do not understand basic concepts of law . 
  the `` social contract '' is n't something that needs to be secured when raising new taxes . 
  not obeying that does n't make a law illegal . 
   kati piri ( eu responsible of turkey ) mentioned 2 million source it is unclear whether she is simply referencing the claims of the chp or having other sources . 
   chp resposbile use claim that turkish police force reported over 1.6 million source no direct source , organizer . 
   and finally , akp previously held a rally there with 2 million people that fit into area . 
  this time people even could n't fit , to give an idea . 
  it is also possible that the akp overexaggerated their numbers last time . 
  want a simple legal answer ? 
  your problem is the word `` rightful '' . 
  the state has the power to decide what is `` rightful '' and what is n't . 
  this allows the state to raise taxes for pretty much whatever it wants as long as the constitution of said country does n't prevent that . 
  and even that can be changed sometimes . 
   above the ten thousand figure that was initially on the flair . 
  i started with `` above 100,000 '' . 
  never talked about 10,000 s. 
  yep , but that does n't apply here . 
  you can not apply regular law to the actions of the state . 
  a government ordering air strikes also is n't guilty of murder ( unless it breaches international law ) , a government imprisoning someone is n't guity of `` unlawful imprisonment '' . 
  speaking from experience , one will never know accurate numbers . 
  in german media it 's usually `` police reported x , organizers said y attendants '' . 
  there is n't really a way to find a number that is objectively true . 
  in most cases , it is somewhere between x and y. 
  that 's simply wrong . 
  you are free to think that way , but it is n't seen that way by any of the relevant authorities . 
  not by international bodies , not by the courts , not by most acknowledged economists . 
  it 's just fringe libertarians that think that way . 
  i have changed it up a bit . 
  i have changed it a bit . 
  i think everyone should be happy now . 
  ops claim of `` at least two millions '' is a bit ridiculous though . 
   taxes spent on stuff outside the social contract are by definition theft . 
  wrong . 
  fundamentally wrong . 
  taxes can never be `` theft '' . 
  this is some stupid libertarian logic that never was universally accepted . 
  i know , godwins law and all that . 
  but for reference : the place where hitler held some of his rallies was 600x300m and there were never more than 1,300,000 participants according to * official * numbers . 
   if the predictions are correct we could be dealing with number in the tens to hundreds of millions . 
  even if thats over a couple decades how could we possibly handle that ? 
  we could possibly handle some tens of millions , but it stops being possible when it goes to the hundreds . 
   under our current system we would be obligated to review their cases individually regardless of their eligibility . 
  not really . 
  it is possible to declare states `` safe '' , greatly reducing the prospects of being accepted and also significantly decreasing the workload . 
  we did that with the balkans iirc and it worked quite well . 
  hence , there is no reason to change the system . 
  the `` solution '' is preventing them from coming here in the first place anyways , not in changing our laws . 
  mind to link some of those sources ? 
  i could n't find a number on haberturk , hurriyet says that `` according to organizers , it was 1.6 millions '' . 
  and daily sabah ran [ this obscure piece ] ( https://www.dailysabah.com/politics/2017/07/09/chp-deputies-mistake-erdogan-meeting-for-justice-march-gathering-in-istanbul ) ( wtf ? 
  i think that very much depends on how we deal with it . 
  should it take a bad turn , it very much could become very problematic for europe . 
  but that 's not an issue of asylum anyways . 
  poverty/starving is n't a valid reason to be granted asylum . 
  it also is n't a reason that prevents you from being sent back . 
  where is your evidence for that claim ? 
   agreed you just made it seem like compulsory military service in it self is wrong or morally comprehensible .
