  we can not simply leave the people in the streets with no money . 
  this would be inhumane and it would likely cause crime to increase significantly . 
  what matters more is actually `` getting rid '' of these people as quickly as possible . 
   also snail paced deportation we 're getting better at it . 
  we never had the necessity to establish a large-scaled system for deportation . 
  it doesnt really matter if people stay or leave if you are talking about small numbers in a very rich country . 
  in 2016 , the number of people that were legally required to leave was 220,000 people . 
  168,000 of which did not even have the `` tolerated '' status . 
  the problem is that deportations are a state matter . 
   long waiting times for decision this was due to the system being overwhelmed by 890,000 arrivals in a single year . 
  it has gotten much better . 
   chaos in the system ( is it still possible to register multiple times ? ) . 
  this was the easy system - not the actual asylum system . 
  this system essentially did nothing else than assigning the people arriving a shelter where they would wait for meeting their immigration officer . 
   also accepting requests from people who come via 5 safe countries . 
  this is a problem with the legal framework however . 
  lets say a person travels syria-turkey-greece-balkans-hungary-austria-germany ( just for the sake of the argument ) : we can not deport them to syria for obious reasons . 
  if you consider turkey a safe country , it was not possible to send them back to turkey due to a lack of treaty in this regard . 
  then we have greece - we could not deport to greece due to court rulings ( both from germany and the ecj ) . 
  balkan countries - difficult . 
  then we have hungary - which we choose not to deport to because you guys were overwhelmed by the numbers ( this is actually the reasoning ) . 
  additionally , as you are aware , orban has announced that you wont take anyone back . 
  this leaves us at austria . 
  a country that already took in more refugees per capita than we for a while iirc . 
  sending back to austria would only cause problems . 
  this leaves just germany . 
  what the hell are we supposed to do with them other than accepting them ? 
  that 's a fundamentally different issue ? 
   in this criterion , it is you - germany - are responsible for the crisis of immigration . 
  dude , that is just bullshit . 
  there have been significant flows into the european union ( not even into germany ) before germany said a word . 
  for the first few years , most of these people settled in italy despite it being a much poorer country than germany . 
  starting 2013 ( or so ) , there have been flows into germany and sweden . 
  but arguing that this is just the welfare is too simple - they did not go to various other countries despite these countries offering the same or even better welfare . 
   you can take the ` refugees ' , be proud of the way they are accepted etc. , but please take into account that they have to get to you by countries such as italy and greece . 
  they are victims of your policy . 
  have you realized that they can only get here in the first place because italy , greece & co. failed to do their job ? 
  and just saying , very few of the people coming via lampedusa end up in germany . 
   but there are countries such as hungary that have to spend money to build fences . 
  do you realize that this whole mess started because we agreed to help hungary ? 
   and it 's all because you have constitutions that makes you paying refugees . 
  that , again , is bullshit . 
  well , this scenario is completely unlikely . 
  but let me shift the focus on a broader issue ( which also answers your question ) : the right of asylum . 
  our constitution does not know numerical limits for this right . 
  ( for good reason , the legal limit in austria was found to be unconstitutional , the same would happen in germany ) . 
  that is why merkels statement that `` the right to asylum knows no upper limit '' , which she often was critized for , is legally 100 % correct . 
  whoever manages to reach our soil has the right to have his or her asylum application considered . 
  there wo n't be a scenario where someone is told : `` nah , we already have 200k this year , come back in 2017 '' . 
  there is only one way to prevent this from happening : seal the border . 
  if people can not get onto our soil , they have no way to apply for asylum . 
  but there is a factual limit to all these rights . 
  if germany was no longer capable of holding up the right to asylum , for wahtever reason , this would no longer be an issue . 
  this would be the case if our authorities collapsed for example . 
  if we had civil unrest in the country , endangering the state of law . 
  i think one could argue that `` running out of money '' would qualify as such a crisis scenario . 
  the constitutional court is n't going to punish the government for not paying money to asylum seekers when it simply is not capable of doing so . 
  i hope that answered your question . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  you posted a quote by de maiziere saying that we need * legal * migration . 
  this was never about refugees . 
  it is only the la times that made that connection , god knows why . 
  you can not contest my initial point that  the point of taking in refugees was never related to labour . 
  we did not take them in because we need workforce but based on humanitarian reasons . 
  with this . 
   when there is a will there 's a way . 
  i bet that how many eur `` dignity '' costs is not defined in constitution . 
  it actually somewhat is . 
  our unemployed benefits are calculated based on the living minimum and the constitutional court said that paying asylum seekers significantly less ( we used to do that ) was unconstitutional . 
  since them , the benefits for asylum seekers have besically mirrored the social welfare payments for germans . 
  it might be possible to go down a little bit ( maybe 10 $ or so ) but that wo n't really make any difference . 
  i think you would agree on this . 
  tell me how you are suffering because of our policy . 
  you recieve around 1000 asylum applications per month currently - 70 % of which from russia . 
  i simply contest that there is an issue currently . 
  we take care of our refugees , nobody else is involved in this . 
  thus , there does n't need to be a `` solution '' . 
  and especially not a solution that involves us chaning our constitution or curbing benefits . 
  the solution we can offer is increased spending in the region to prevent the push factors . 
  we are not inviting anyone by the way . 
   any solutions ? 
  i think the situation now is quite okay . 
  it 's not like poland would get large numbers of asylum seekers . 
  you are not `` suffering '' in any way . 
  what about reading what i just wrote ? 
  you can not change that article . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5d7yo6/2016_global_terrorism_index_650_increase_in/ if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  this does not even make sense . 
  i doubt that . 
  but we will see . 
  you can not decrease the benefits payed to asylum seekers . 
  it is guaranteed by our constitution that we pay people who seek asylum enough money to live in dignity - pretty much the same for our own unemployed . 
  and before you suggest a change of the constitution : not possible , this comes out of art . 
  1 grundgesetz which can not be changed . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  in all likelyhood , what will happen is that eastern europe gets richer and starts offering decent welfare to its own citizens as well .
