  true , the banks played an important part in this . 
  but the primary players that are to blame are the greek politicians and the greek electoreate who kept electing corrupt people that failed to run a sustainable budget . 
  i do not think that the greek people should be punished or that the pensions should be cut even further , but it is equally wrong to shift all the blame off the greek people and politicians . 
  in the same way , it is stupid to shift all the blame * on * them . 
   too proud of itself arguable . 
  we are not exactly super-proud of our nation but rather proud of our success . 
   it wants to teach others or at least wants others to follow . 
  well , the teaching part is delusional . 
  you can not really teach countries . 
  you can however influence them in a few ways . 
  every major country wants other countries to follow and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  germany will never cease to be a leading force in europe , but it is very possible ( and desirable ) that we will not be the only country leading in the future . 
  france , maybe the uk and in the distant future even your country will step up their game ( again ) and force germany to compromise , which is good for everybody , including germany . 
   you know , a lot of foreign economists criticize germany as well , especially stiglitz , so it 's not like it 's only italy or greece that do that they criticise us for different things though . 
  and it is pretty easy for us to take the criticism light-heartedly as we are doing well . 
  their office not being related to the refugee crisis has n't stopped other politicians from taking about the topic . 
  and by the way , the bundeswehr * is * affected by the crisis and an active player in it . 
  i , for one , advocated for germany paying the 3 billions alone just to get things going while everyone was hesitating . 
  of course it should be the main goal , but to many countries/people it just seems more convenient and straightforward to close the borders , not caring about what happens to greece or turkey . 
  well , it was n't exactly a sudden change . 
  turkey has always been pretty clear that they only see the 3 bn . 
  as a start to get things going . 
  good luck persuading a multitude of countries to join in on that . 
  there 's a bit more to that . 
  no , the `` real way '' is securing the external schengen borders . 
  they would sue the government on the same basis that hundreds of people are currently suing . 
  the government has to fulfill its obligations , which means that everyone has at least the chance of a fair process . 
  the government could n't artificially reduce the number of judges to reduce the number of court cases either . 
  you have major logic inconsistency in your post . 
  maintaining a highly valued euro does not help us keeping a trade surplus . 
  quite the contrary , the weak euro extended the surplus even further . 
  and quite frankly , the ecb is meant to be independent . 
  contrary to the wishes of some southern states , it is not the responsibility of the ecb to devalue the currency to help the southern economies . 
  the only responsibility of the ecb is to maintain a stable currency . 
  `` holland '' is not a `` poorer country '' by the way - the dutch are wealthier than the germans . 
  the monetary policies were written when the countries in question joined the euro . 
  they choose to accept them , we are not to blame here . 
  north stream 2 is not a project that is exclusively german . 
  france has stakes in it as well . 
  the only countries that are complaining are ee and italy ( which is pissed because it did not get ss ) . 
  refugees were not ` called ' by us . 
  the banks were mainly french and greek . 
  -- -- -- tl ; dr : you are full of shit . 
  on paper , we are all equal but some are more equal than others . 
  from the moment the eu was created , it was clear that there would be countries that were more dominant than others . 
  and for decades , the most powerful country was france . 
  you can talk about the power of representing people as much as you want , it wo n't help you much on the european level if you ca n't back it up with economic power . 
  as seen with greece - you can vote against something , but sometimes you just do n't have a chance . 
  in the end , all countries know that there is one thing that is worse than a europe dominated by a few countries - a eu that is rendered useless by constant vetoes . 
  well , over decades we were fine with other countries having more of a leading role in europe . 
  germany being the dominating power has been the case for merely a decade now . 
  yes , we will have to get used to not being able to push through all the time , but i am certain that it would not impossible . 
  however , it is clear that we wo n't let ourself be lectured by countries that fail to pursue reforms and whose economy is on the bottom . 
  it is pretty idiotic to follow countries that fail to tackle their issues on a domestic level . 
  hollande simply lacks the fundament and courage for standing up to germany . 
  not really . 
  at some point , these people could sue the government and even if they did n't - they would be in the country . 
  pretty much the only legally solid way of limiting the number is rejecting people at the border . 
  most likely , it could be altered . 
  it 's a bit unclear - the * bundesverfassungsgericht * made it look like it was protected in an earlier decision but then stated that it is not part of the constitutional court in a decision a few years later ( asylkompromiss ) . 
  however , there are different judges on the court today and it is possible that they would come to a different conclusion . 
  especially when you put it into our historical context , you can find good reasons why the right of aslylum belongs to the very core of our country . 
   but others in her party , particularly if the crisis worsens ? 
  particulary the people who are closer to the positions of the afd would refuse to enter a coalition . 
  these people are hoping that the votes will flow back to them after the crisis is over , something that would not happen if the afd got into power somewhere . 
   i read/watch british media mainly its actually quite astonishing . 
  you know that there is a german and a british division of yougov - according to british yougov merkels polling is extremely bad while all german polls indicate it is fine . 
  in general , it is very easy to get drawn into thinking that her polling is bad given the recent declines . 
  but people are ignoring that merkel polled like putin previously . 
  she reached above 90 % popularity at some point . 
  even including the decline due to the refugee crisis , it puts her above the approval ratings of most other european heads of states . 
   - i seen how people where whistling on her speeches etc. 
  small groups of people can make a lot of noise . 
  this is nothing but anecdotal experience . 
  on the other side , you will see that she recieves ten-ish minutes long applauses at her party meetings . 
   yeah i would n't trust a one month trend people here on this sub were very happy to talk about one month trends when they pointed downwards . 
   wait a couple of months as tensions increase and i 'm sure you 'll see it drop again . 
  the opposite could happen as well . 
  you are just making up stuff right now . 
   oh and i do n't trust these polls the polls are conducted independently , with the highest standard of polling . 
  they are not conducted by the `` media '' itself . 
   it would require a renogiationg of the coalition contract not sure about this . 
  the spd and cdu are pretty consent with the contract , i could also imagine that they would simply throw the csu requests ( street toll ) out and continue . 
   send shockwaves through the cdu and fire up all the party members who are already critical of merkel ( which are alot ) and eventually could lead to her losing power the blame would be on seehofer however . 
  not on merkel . 
  there likely are not enough members that would openly dare to contest merkel to endanger her position as chancellor . 
   seehofer would be the guy rising from the ashes of that catastrophe . 
  seehofer would never get approval from the cdu after that action again . 
  he could stop thinking about becoming chancellor if he did that . 
  wot ? 
  nonsense . 
  apart from the fact that merkel would likely simply continue as chancellor , seehofer would never have the approval to run for chancellor . 
  neither in the union nor amongst the population . 
  there are movements , but it is not realistic . 
  first of all , they would lose half of their territory because the northern part of bavaria would split off in this scenario ( franconia ) and the industry profits too much from being part of germany . 
  there is also no ` bavarian nation ' . 
  all of germany would be dying of laughter if he did that . 
  the csu is not relevant to the coalition . 
  cdu and spd alone have a comfortable majority of 59.8 % . 
  it would equal breaking with the csu which would be disadvantageous for the csu for at least a decade .
