  i do n't know how accurate this is , though . 
  i would say it was rather caused by a lack of ( good ) education in their home country . 
  too bad that we actually * do * incude facts of our own history in works of fiction . 
  i think this is the wrong approach . 
  releasing it to the public has the potential of killing the myths around this book . 
  after some research online , it entirely depends on version and condition of the book . 
  from 40 $ to multiple hundreds , everything is possible . 
  which makes the statement ` worth like 350 $ ' dependent on a qualification . 
   this recent controversy is about releasing the plain text to the public not entirely . 
  there was an attempt to release an annotated version on a large scale to the public , it was shot down by the bavarian government . 
  i severely underestimated the number . 
  so far , this policy had not harmed our dealing with our past the slightest . 
  you ignore that the investments are in the interest of the states . 
  the alternative is insuring every investment separately , which is as well payed by the state . 
  it is in most cases much more expensive than isds as the state has to pay no matter how he behaved in the end . 
  the dprk example is a bit far-fetched . 
  i disagree . 
  nobody would have had a problem if the government released an annotated version for educational purposes . 
  you are projecting our way of dealing with nazi symbols in computer games on our general dealing with our past , especially our school education on it ? 
  come on . 
  if you do n't have any knowledge of a topic ( as it is obviously the case here ) , remain quiet . 
  as far as i am concerned there are n't any annotated versions so far , only originals . 
  you can find those in antique book stores and of course in the form of ebooks on the web . 
  edit : turns out there * are * annotated versions , but they are almost entirely used in academics , not in the public discourse . 
  i sincerely doubt that given the number of those in existence . 
  i fucked up with the obesity . 
  [ having read the oecd stats on obesity ] ( http://www.oecd.org/health/obesity-update-2014.pdf ) very recently . 
  i was a bit confused about what counts as ` overweight ' . 
  if there is one demographic that knows about the actual share of immigrants , it should be / r/europe given how frequently you are confronted with these numbers on here . 
  come on , please shut up . 
  you are spreading nonsense . 
  honestly , at least in terms of germany , a printing ban is everything but a ban on the book as there are still millions of first generation editions around . 
  pretty much every second family has one of these books stored somewhere by great-grandfathers stuff . 
  you certainly have zero clue about what you are talking about . 
  nothing of what you are saying is even remotely accurate . 
  not even the flag part . 
  it would still be less awkward than people reading fifty shades of grey in public , but there are certainly things more beneficial to your public reputation than reading a anniversary edition of * mein kampf * , signed by hitler , in public . 
  well , that 's one way of alienating your allies even more . 
  no i simply state it to show the differences . 
  if * mein kampf * was a regular object that was dealt with in school , the need for an annotated version would be lower . 
  unlike most countries , we have acknowledged our wrongdoings of the past and taken full responsibility for them . 
  there are worse ways of dealing with ones past , your country being a prime example for it . 
  well the book was neither banned , censored or destroyed . 
  i was more surprised to meet people from saudi arabia thinking we still praise hitler . 
  well , at least the bible is object to some kind of interpretation by priests and in religious school education in most countries . 
  [ take this , world ] ( http://imgur.com/ewk5puq ), 
  the age of a system is actually relatively irrelevant as long as it has been object to proper maintenance . 
  the b52s are a few decades older . 
  that 's why an annotated version is the way to go . 
  with the fading historical context in mind , the book alone is a meaningless piece of written nonsense . 
  i partly disagree because the result of the case could not possibly be ordering austria to stop the investigations , as demanded by the lawyer in question . 
  how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  criminal persecution is fine as long as it is not used as a tool to focus that individual for reasons other than crime . 
  i do n't see this go through . 
  this is not how any developed system works . 
  [ here is a geographical visualization ] ( https://libraryeuroparl.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/unemployment_map_1.png ) of unemployment rates by region , although from 2011 . 
  you can see the ( former ) frg/gdr separation in germany and the wallonia/flanders separation in belgium . 
   irrelevant if the law is applied equally to all if there is only one possible application , this does not make a difference . 
   regulations are cancelled regulations were not cancelled , but put at a lower level while vattenfall had to build a cooling tower . 
   regulations return but are somehow not discrimination other regulations than initially agreed upon and regulations that apply anywhere in the eu to protect water . 
  uncitral transparency rules apply to ceta . 
  there is no court mentioned in ceta because the deal was finished before all this court suggestions were brought up . 
  ceta is also not ratified yet . 
  again : the greens enacted these laws explicitly stating that they were meant to stop moorburg . 
  this is pretty much the definition of discriminatory action . 
  come on . 
  i already explained the difference considering vattenfall i. 
  there is a difference between regulation that is applied non-discriminatory and discriminatory legislation ( i even used the term * discriminatory * in the example ) . 
   because the world is not static . 
  jut because you were granted a license to pump and sell groundwater for 1 $ / million gallons in the 1980 's does not mean you should be able to continue doing so 35 years later ; during a drought . 
  which is why treaties like ttip explicitly have provisions for cases like this . 
  the us * and * the eu have enacted significant increases in environmental protection in the last decades without anybody challenging them through isds . 
   someone sues . 
  someones agrees to stop the lawsuit in exchange for x. 
  the suing party has by all accounts won . 
  country a enacts discriminatory measure . 
  company b sues for compensation . 
  a and b settle for cancelling the measure . 
  no compensation is granted , discriminatory measure is cancelled . 
  nobody loses ( asides from unrightful profiteurs ) . 
  not when we are talking about federal courts ( at least in germany ) . 
   it 's the same level of knowledge and specialism that you 'd get from a senior appeals court ... 
  i disagree . 
  you should have a look at the cvs of known arbitrators . 
  these people are the absolute best of their legal systems , often professors , often with a lot of additional qualifications . 
   isds is n't really the appropriate mechanism why not ? 
  what other mechanism are you suggesting ? 
  the supreme court made it pretty much impossible for loewen to appeal . 
  without isds , they would have no other option to do anything in that case . 
   setting up an alternate method might well mean that bad decisions are at least mitigated , but it will also mean good decisions are challenged and mitigated too . 
  there is nothing wrong with decisions being challenged . 
  this is what is possible in every regular court aswell . 
  i am not aware of rightful decisions being overturned . 
   actually there is . 
  i have never seen any data suggesting that ( in proper legal systems ) foreigners have a smaller chance in the legal system . 
  one example : loewen v. o'keefe . 
  agreed . 
   regular judges will come from a much larger pool , so you are more likely to find people with expertise in areas like public health . 
  you are completely ignoring that normal judges arent chosen from that pool but assigned to different courts . 
   given the length of a lot of contract between government and investors it is totally unacceptable that these contracts should not be subject to renegotiation and new laws it is n't in the private economy , why should it be different on the state level ?
