  look up the child benefits in norway . 
  you can hardly be more generous and they are an unique case since their social expenses are backed by their oil funds . 
  i surely am aware that some things make a uk membership less relevant . 
  other things make a uk membership as relevant as ever before . 
  however , i think that the results of a brexit are pretty uncertain and i for one would appreciate you guys stayng . 
  federalizing ( if it is ever going to happen ) will take decades , with or without you . 
  it is not required that everyone in europe is on the same page on every issue , it is possible to maintain a europe of two speeds in terms of integration . 
  however , this would require demerging current structures as they are a big obstacle since they have not been designed for this . 
  i am aware that many people are sceptic of the eu and that the eu needs reforms in some areas , however i would not be too quick to jump conclusions that it would be `` benefitial '' or that the majority of your people is going to vote against the eu . 
  some mods were accepted as new additions but later de-modded because they were too controversial . 
  another ( long-time ) mod was demodded aswell because he censored any discussion about him iirc . 
  i however would say that this started during the immigration megathreads , not with the departure of a mod . 
   to be fair , germany is the only country i 've ever lived where grafitti swastikas and neo-nazis are pretty common i have actually seen more neo nazis in foreign countries  the npd won 9 % of the vote here in sachsen . 
  despite the refugee crisis , they got below 5 % in saxony in the last election . 
  in every other state they are at percentages that are insignificant and partly beaten by fun parties . 
  they are free to do so in the referendum . 
  whether they * should * do it or whether they will be better off is quite a different discussion that has arguments for both sides . 
   and now that we know that it is a federal experiment , we can ~ ~ leave . ~ ~ decide whether we actually agree with that or not . 
  ftfy we are not reigned by our ancestors and not reigned by the past . 
  circumstances have changed , evaluate them and then decide . 
  mccain argues that it was the lack of us leadership that caused syria . 
  i would argue that a lot of what happened recently was caused by too much `` leadership '' from them . 
   the british public has only ever voted on a common market , hence our free trade agreement attitude remaining hard to shake . 
  actually that is a weak argument in my opinion . 
  many european states did not have referendums on joining the eu/ec , in a representative democracy we do not necessarily have to rely on referendums for this . 
  thatcher should have been aware of how this would turn out and she happened to be a democratically elected representative of your country . 
  we should not base opinions about the eu on the history of its creation but rather focus on evaluating its impact * today * , whether we are satisfied with it or not . 
  whether it needs change ( it surely does ) or not . 
  talking about what people wanted decades ago does not really benefit the debate . 
   what makes this growth artificial ? 
  the fact that we use money for this that we wont be able to spend in ten years time where it would actually have been . 
  because state-generated growth has its limits and is , compared to ` real ' private sector growth , a lot less effective . 
   and as a bit of an aside , sitting on capital because of fear of the future will only harm the dream of the eu . 
  nobody is sitting on capital . 
  we have yet to gain a surplus that is remained unused . 
  last years surplus went into a fonds for the financial crisis , this years surplus will partly be used for dealing with the refugee crisis . 
  we are * not * refusing to spend the money we have , we are simply not spending money we * dont * have . 
   and as a bit of an aside , sitting on capital because of fear of the future will only harm the dream of the eu . 
  it really looks like another instance of an eu country watching their backs and only theirs . 
  the eu will never be a powerful union if each member state only watches out for themselves . 
  germany is more than willing to participate in pan-european investments fonds granted that the spending is watched carefully . 
  germany is even in favor of financial transfers amongst european states , however only if there are mechanisms in place that allow for the prevention of mismanagement of these funds . 
  i am pretty aware that germany has a responsibility for europe , that it is expected from us to support the european economies as good as we can . 
  however , we live in a phase of unprecedented wealth and economic wellbeing of our country . 
  the tax influx is beating the estimates the third ( ? ), 
  year in a row . 
  why should we go into debt if the funds are there even without debt ? 
  after all , the crisis we are currently facing in europe is a souvereign debt crisis . 
  i simply do not want to be the country that is the next in line facing unsustainable amounts of debt . 
  unlike many other states , germany does * not * have natural resources ( well , we have some very limited amounts that are not worth mentioning ) . 
  meaning that we are heavily dependend on economic wellbeing , we can not fall back on sales of natural gas or similar things . 
  as a result , the world economy cooling down or facing a severe economic crisis could endanger our wellbeing quite heavily , i would prefer to keep new debt as `` breathing space '' for a situation where we severely need it instead of using that space for procyclical policies . 
   the welfare money should be spent to incentive people to have children . 
  money is not the only factor in this . 
  i would argue that there is hardly a country that is more prosperous and that pays more for child benefits than norway . 
  yet even their fertility rate is [ below 1.8 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/0/09/total_fertility_rate%2c_1960%e2%80%932013_%28live_births_per_woman%29_yb15.png ) . 
  germany has pretty generous child benefits and an average amount of maternity leave . 
  i would argue that it is less the monetary incentitive than the society which paves the way for more children . 
  if you have a system and a society that makes it `` easy '' having kids , your fertility rate will rise . 
  monetary `` compensation '' alone is not enough . 
  look at france , they have a pretty unique system of taking care of infants , allowing their parents to return to the work life . 
  in many other countries , including germany , this is a lot more difficult . 
  you wont have to rely on t-bills for that . 
  even our 4-year bonds have a negative yield . 
  while i can surely understand where the people are coming from : arguably we are still profiting from a time of very low interest on state bonds . 
  if we go into debt now ( to invest in lets say infrastructure with a 10 year bond ) , we will artificially create growth which would in return benefit our economy , boost our gdp and create jobs ( well , not necessarily , it could also simply increase the profits of existing companies ) . 
  in ten years time however , we will have to cut that amount of money from our budget or take new debts for it . 
  the problem is that we do not know how the interest rate in ten years time will be , so if things go badly , it could cost us dearly . 
  we are an aging society , racking up more debt is not that sustainable for us . 
  yes , it surely could very much be profitable for us , if we actually managed to put the gain from that investment aside for the payment of that loan in ten years time . 
  but that wont happen . 
  governments dont act that way . 
  if you have a surplus , you will usually distribute/use it . 
  in the budget for this and the following year , which was announced just a few days back , our mof outlined how the policy that we have been following allows us to shoulder the current expenses of the refugee crisis without having to cut on other projects , without even going into debt for that . 
  what is negative about that ? 
  in my opinion , t-bills would not be a good fit for this as most investments wont be profitable for us/wont have a significant positive impact within a year . 
  do you even bother to read what / u/ivashkin said about the issue before blaiming it on the `` censoring frenchman '' ? 
  bleargh , it is difficult to find articles on that right now , the greek crisis ` ruins ' any search attempt considering that . 
  the main period of that criticism was over half a year ago . 
  `` german '' + `` budget '' + `` surplus '' + `` us economists '' + `` debts '' = evil germany forcing greece to run a primary surplus to balance its debts . 
  larry summers is the main guy i found criticising us for running a surplus currently . 
  he argues that the `` current interest rates are too good not to borrow '' . 
  well , ww1 is mainly forgotten . 
  i think if we want to get rid of ww2 , someone has to start ww3 im afraid . 
  til our syrians and afghans are more educated than the people from turkey ( at least the ones in germany ) . 
  the article however does not differenciate between people that are now graduation school and people who already did that . 
  it would be nice to see how the picture for the current generation looks like . 
  the issue is written on the bottom of the article : despite high rates of high school diplomas , the rate for succesful vocational training is a lot lower than for the native population . 
  you mean the shadow economy ? 
  the scenario of the ine is more optimistic than the one of [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00002&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  i doubt that the migration flow will go on like this forever . 
  unless putin goes nuts , ww2 will remain pretty much the most tragic conflict of all time . 
  the time of symmetric wars is basically over , we will likely not see a war of that dimension ever again . 
  this is why it is so difficult to get rid of it . 
  this is partly true . 
  however your fertility is low as well . 
  at least too low to sustain the population . 
  while emigration is a major force in your population development currently , you wo n't ` need ' it in the long term to get to a declining population . 
  have there been any proposals on how to increase integration ? 
  well , we are willing to provide a shitton of money to deal with it .
