  it is wrong , but it is not a justification for us to do less . 
  what i find more worrisome is france falling significantly short . 
   people who came last year were really not the poorest class otherwise they would not be able to pay thousands of dollars to the smugglers . 
  these people would probably still decide to travel to europe , even if the conditions in the refugee camps were better , because they do n't want to live in refugee camps , they want to restore their middle/upper class status asap true , but many poorer people would never have made the journey . 
  we should not be surprised when there is not enough funding for basic things like food in the camps . 
  this will cause people to look for a better place . 
   arguably germany did n't do a very good at dispeling this message . 
  well , the same was said about the uk or sweden . 
  the uk just had the advantage of being an island . 
   i assume that 's why this amount of money is chosen , to let them survive . 
  refugees once recieved significantly less money than our domestic people on benefits , this was ruled unconstitutional . 
  it is possible to survive on that money ( it is really the bottom line minimum ) , but you will not have a decent life . 
  you will have enough money for food , but train fares for example will be a severe problem for you . 
  eating in a restaurant will be pretty much impossible , owning a car even more so ( tax and insurance alone are easily 100 $ / month ) . 
   minimal wage in poland is ... 272 $ well , ours is 1473 $ . 
  so you are getting less than a quarter of the minimum wage . 
  and even on minimum wage , people are complaining about not having enough money . 
  granted , you do not have to pay for your housing if you are on benefits , but still . 
   are there any statistics how much percent of requests are rejected ? 
  in the last year , due to the high number of syrians and iraqis ( who have very good chances of being accepted ) , around 30 % were rejected . 
  in the years before that , it was closer to 40-50 % rejection . 
   it is relatively small . 
  always depends on the perspective . 
  compared to worldnews or politics , you are correct . 
   the people who added value to this sub , think / u/slyratchet , / u/savannajeff or / u/naurgul all have left this sinking ship . 
  honestly , i can do nothing but agree with these choices . 
  makes me a little sad that these times are gone . 
  well , its not exactly a `` small '' forum , but fortunately , it is n't an accurate depiction of the actual discourse or the actual political opinion . 
  it honestly used to be so much better . 
  it is far more incredible how they know better how it is in germany than we germans do . 
  apparently , we are already in some kind of civil war , will go bankrupt very shortly and want to punish ourselves as hard as possible by eradicating our native population . 
   we would need 2700 new arrivals every day from now on to reach that number . 
  exactly . 
  it is completely unlikely that these numbers will reach germany again . 
  the balkan route is closed and austria wo n't tolerate large amounts of people passing from italy . 
   italy please leave italy out of these mentions . 
  italy was the country that was the first one to call for help in the refugee crisis and it recieved none . 
  italy also did not take a backseat on the issue like france or the uk did . 
   more than 1m/year is what you get now as you stated yourself as i said - no . 
  there is no scenario where germany takes another million in ' 16 . 
   since germany does not deport , all arrivals should be counted , not only those applying for or granted asylum . 
  we do deport 2 . 
  there are people leaving voluntarily  that 's one good , politically correct deflection from the substance to the form , and i appreciate that . 
  no , the substance is wrong as well . 
  my problem is not that you are comparing refugees with cats , my problem is that the point you were trying to make is just wrong . 
   finally , what is so politically incorrect about accepting refugees but actually deporting the economic migrants ? 
  nothing ? 
  and i never suggested that ? 
  this is a very stretched explanation . 
  you can not blame the syrian civil war on fertility rates of syrians . 
   actually , it is a fact that has been repeatedly published . 
  i do n't see it . 
  i was not contesting the claim that the eu citizens were opposed but that the eu commission pushed to let everyone in . 
   well , they would n't receive benefits elsewhere either . 
  why not ? 
  i ca n't think of a single european state that pays no benefits at all . 
   black market ( drugs and like ) is more lucrative in a higher purchasing power region . 
  this market is limited . 
   perhaps i should also note that brussels has had more than 12 months to do something significant about eu external borders and instead they have spent all that time to come up with cunning schemes on how to redistribute . 
  perhaps you should also note that borders are a souvereign national issue that the eu can not do anything about ? 
  countries like greece have refused for a long time to get assistance from frontex and the eu . 
   that is weather . 
  you should look at climate data . 
  nope . 
  the weather was worse in the first three months of 2016 , where we experienced a much higher influx . 
  it is the balkan route being closed in conjunction with the turkey deal . 
   i really , really do not believe these numbers . 
  they were representative polls back then . 
   maybe in the beginning , when people did n't understand what was actually happening and what the consequences would be does not matter why they did it ( lack of knowledge , idealism , whatver ) , what matters is * that * they supported this policy . 
   it was just the media that kept the illusion up that people were in favour . 
  i am not talking about media opinion here but about representative polls . 
  just because you want this to be a related issue does not make it one . 
  we did not see people fleeing syria because of overpopulation or lack of basic resources caused by overpopulation . 
  and no , connecting help of this kind with these programmes would be absolutely ridiculous . 
  also not feasible as the help does not go to syria directly . 
   what could have been done though ? 
  supporting italy with funding ( for both mare nostrum and shelter for the refugees ) and possibly the introduction of a europe-wide reloaction scheme . 
  sadly enough , germany was opposed to this back then . 
  much more importantly , we should have helped greece immediately . 
  because the reasons why we can not deport people back to greece originates from the bad situation of the refugee help over there . 
   a government which would bot have opened all gates would have far less expenses do n't forget that 70 % + of the population were in favor of doing that at that point . 
   the same goes for one which actually sends those home who have no right to be here . 
  this is a state matter . 
   more like germany has already taken in 10 + million . 
  so your 1 million has arrived repeatedly . 
  apples and pears . 
   brussels would ship them all in . 
  citizenry would fight against it . 
  this is an allegation without basis . 
   you will have no say on serfdom within the eu , esp within schengen . 
  they wo n't recieve benefits here if they do that . 
  likely , they would be deported back . 
  which is rather easy given that everyone would be registered under a central relocation scheme . 
   i am sure there are plenty of loopholes . 
  and if there is not enough loopholes , then many such are already cooking at the hands of the regressive left . 
  both of this is inaccurate . 
   at current immigration rates it would take only 40 years the `` current immigration rate '' is around a 100 people a day . 
  this is ... far from the problem when it comes to syria , which is what we are talking about here ? 
  this is actually completely unrelated to party politics . 
  every government , no matter the political couleur , would have thse expenses .
