  but monetary transfers wo n't `` fix '' the problems either . 
  neither will central bank interference . 
  germany is n't generally opposed to monetary transfers by the way - but we want to be sure that the money is n't wasted . 
  which would mean control over the budget of other countries , something that they are not very keen to accept . 
   it severely cripples ability to guide your economy . 
  on the other hand , it opened up possibilities that you never had before . 
  that you could have never achieved on your own . 
   you mean `` we have saved ez '' . 
  it was meant as draghi talking to the ez countries . 
  so yes . 
  we also have economical reasons for wanting it stronger . 
  despite the fact that we are exporting insane amounts of goods - we are also the worlds third biggest importer . 
  additionally , having a very highly valuated currency has been a reason for us to try to be even better , to be more innovative than others . 
  we never had the argument of being cheap , we only had technological superiority . 
  and it is a possibility that we slow down due to decreased pressure . 
   you 're conceding the point : germany 's current huge surplus is a product of the euro . 
  i concede , and always have , that parts of our surplus are due to an undervalued currency . 
  claiming that we are only having a surplus due to it however is nonsense . 
   it 's valued much too low for your ideological committment to having a strong currency . 
  your economy definitely likes the undervaluing of the euro . 
  again , the statement was from the industry/economy . 
  not from politicans or scholars . 
  we are quite fine with a little less competitiveness in exchange for a harder currency . 
  we are talking about italy here 2 . 
  sch\u00e4uble suggested greece leaving the euro and german giving them a monetary backup for a smooth transition . 
  they declined . 
  and quite frankly , nobody could prevent greece from exiting the euro if they wanted . 
   except that it is not providing any clear solutions , except creating an even bigger bubble . 
  this was n't a promotion of how great qe is . 
  and this is also not the point here . 
   you ca n't take away all monetary policy from countries , wait ~ 10 years and then when problems appear say `` ecb is not the problem '' . 
  actually you can . 
  other countries , much poorer than germany , are faring much better . 
  what you certainly ca n't do is enter a currency union , significantly overspend for a decade , balloon your wages , do nothing to adress your trade deficit and then complain about the rules . 
   this guy predicted 2008 crash , brexit and trump  i like this statement on blyth : `` mark blyth has brilliantly shown that austerity does not work . 
  however , he has failed to consider the possibility that expansion may not work either '' . 
  he also fails to see the political implications and limits . 
  art . 
  127 [ tfeu ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:12012e/txt&amp;from=en ) :  1 . 
  the primary objective of the european system of central banks ( hereinafter referred to as `` the escb '' ) shall be to maintain price stability . 
  without prejudice to the objective of price stability , the escb shall support the general economic policies in the union with a view to contributing to the achievement of the objectives of the union as laid down in article 3 of the treaty on european union . 
  the escb shall act in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition , favouring an efficient allocation of resources , and in compliance with the principles set out in article 119 . 
  the basic tasks to be carried out through the escb shall be :  - to define and implement the monetary policy of the union ,  - to conduct foreign-exchange operations consistent with the provisions of article 219 ,  - to hold and manage the official foreign reserves of the member states ,  - to promote the smooth operation of payment systems . 
  the third indent of paragraph 2 shall be without prejudice to the holding and management by the governments of member states of foreign-exchange working balances . 
  the european central bank shall be consulted :  - on any proposed union act in its fields of competence ,  - by national authorities regarding any draft legislative provision in its fields of competence , but within the limits and under the conditions set out by the council in accordance with the procedure laid down in article 129 ( 4 ) . 
   the european central bank may submit opinions to the appropriate union institutions , bodies , offices or agencies or to national authorities on matters in its fields of competence . 
  the escb shall contribute to the smooth conduct of policies pursued by the competent authorities relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and the stability of the financial system . 
  the council , acting by means of regulations in accordance with a special legislative procedure , may unanimously , and after consulting the european parliament and the european central bank , confer specific tasks upon the european central bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and other financial institutions with the exception of insurance undertakings . 
  [ ecb on the definition of price stability ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/strategy/pricestab/html/index.en.html ) [ ecb on the objective of its monetary policy ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/intro/objective/html/index.en.html ), 
  you know that germany ran significant export surpluses before the euro ? 
  you know that the euro is valued much too low for our liking ? 
  our industry would like to have an euro valued at 1.30 + . 
  suggesting that we have a desire for maintaining the current situation is nonsense . 
   you implied that , otherwise that was moot point . 
  i did not imply that either . 
  i have simply lined out why it might have been a bad decision for them to join in the first place . 
  the rules were agreed upon by any country entering the currency . 
   so why they were allowed in the first place ? 
  oh , i know , because it was profitable for someone . 
  you should read up on this . 
  germany wanted very strict rules on countries who were able to join the euro . 
  germany itself violated the 60 % target at that point however . 
  our minister of finance asked the * bundesbank * to sell gold to bring us below the 60 % line so that we could drive a hard line on who would be allowed to join the euro . 
  since the * bundesbank * could n't be bothered however , we lost a lot of bargaining power in this regard . 
  france then `` invited '' many of those countries that are in trouble today to have a counterbalance against germany . 
  certainly not our fault . 
   you are not addressing my point that was that germany did give in to this after it was supposedly `` non-negotiable '' . 
  so their mind can be changed . 
  this was layed out by german politicians . 
  people who fortuantely do not decide on the policy of central banks . 
   wow , seriously ... 
  yes , seriously . 
  the central bank is n't supposed to take the role it currently has . 
  little central bank interference is good . 
   they have no central banks to do anything at home !, 
  you know that you do not need a central bank for a lot of stuff that the countries can do themselves ? 
  this is a message that is spread by draghi these days in internal meetings - we have saved you , now do your homework and take the appropriate measures to clear this mess . 
  when germany wanted the reunification with the gdr , the french made us joining the euro a requirement for their approval . 
  they knew that the euro would only ever become relevant if germany would join . 
  without germany , the other neighboring counries of germany ( netherlands , austria ) woudl never have joined . 
  germany agreed under the condition that the ecb would be modelled after the german * bundesbank * - an independent central bank entirely focussed on maintaining price stability . 
  since it would require german consent to change the relevant treaties , we do have the power to `` dictate '' this staying the status quo . 
   so when is germany reforming to do something about excessive exports , going way over agreed targets ? 
  we are . 
  our wages are rising faster than in most european countries , making us less competitive and boosting internal consumption . 
  you can not expect to force this with all might however . 
  we would be incredibly stupid to do so . 
  and apart from this - there are no legal binding limits for trade surpluses . 
  yes , we are supposed to stay below 6 % , but there are no sanction mechanisms . 
  you should also take into consideration that central bank policy designed to adress the problems caused in the south boosts our competitiveness even more - against our will . 
   devaluating of currency is a fiscal tool that can be used with moderation in appropriate moments . 
  i do n't think that arbitrarily discarding options based on vague premises is ever a good choice . 
  the countries that have used inflation and state-controlled central banks to deal with their problems are * much * less competitive than we are , they saw significantly lower direct investments into their countries and their citizens were stuck with insanely high rates of inflation . 
   would the troika allow italy 's banks to fail ? 
  no , because that would tank the euro . 
  so they will force the italian government to take on the debt , like they did in greece . 
  you fundamentally misinterpret the situation . 
  * if * this is going to happen , it is the italian government who wants to bail out their banks ( and they * do * want to do it ) , not the rest of europe . 
  we are quite consent with the set rules . 
   ok , but that does n't mean it will work across eu and multiple of different economy types .
