  yeah , but even this argument does n't really make sense . 
  if you want to raise attention , wearing a burqa or a niqab is a good way to do that . 
  it 's not exactly a good way to remain unnoticed . 
  i am not aware of `` burqa crime '' or terror suspects wearing a burqa . 
  no , this comparison is n't valid . 
  why is it so hard to believe that there are women that do this out of their free will ? 
  i do not have a problem with the ruling in general . 
  i have a problem with making black-and-white-statements . 
  as i said , this does n't apply to every muslim woman . 
  it is n't . 
  you comparison does n't make sense . 
  it is n't about what other people think . 
  it is about what you think you can do with it . 
  if you think you have a religious duty to cover your hair in public , so be it . 
  it would be preferable if a person does n't believe this , but if she does , her participating in the social life and working wearing a hijab is preferable to her staying at home with open hair . 
  source for these estimates ? 
  and again , i do not reject the notion that this is n't uncommon . 
  some might be , many are n't . 
  exactly . 
  but some people are very committed to push the `` there is only fundamentalist islam '' narrative . 
  and leaving these ristrictive norms behind is the optimal case . 
  however we can not assume that everyone will walk down this path and in his regard it can be an option to wear a headscarf and work/take part in social life for some people . 
  the solution to this is n't a ban , it is education . 
  as i said , i do not deny that this is happening , i simply say that not all of them are wearing a hijab because they are forced to . 
  why is everyone so obsessed with trying to push the narrative that there can not be no choice for muslim women ? 
  there are examples of families where the daughters wear hijab by choice while their mothers do n't . 
  there is no single way of raising muslim children , it totally depends on the parents . 
  many people living in our countries practicing the faith seem to think otherwise . 
  actually a lot of fear connected to islam * is * irrational . 
  which is where we all care . 
  but we should n't care if someone does it based on a free and independent decision . 
  which kinda ruins your point that the hijab is exclusively a tool for oppression . 
  literally any muslim woman * not * wearing a headscarf proves a generalised statement of this kind wrong . 
  again , please read carefully what i wrote in my comments . 
  i do not deny the problems existing in this regard , i am just saying that not all muslim women wearing a hijab do so because they are forced to do so . 
  disagree . 
  his first sentence alone implies that there can not be a free choice under islam . 
  which is wrong . 
  while you understand my point ( contrary to the other guy ) , this ruling doesnt make it illegal to wear a headscarf and a general public ban for hijabs is n't even discussed . 
  the discussion in this regard is always focussed on the burqa . 
  you are not contradicting my initial statement with this . 
  i have , from my first comment , acknowledged that the world is n't all bright and sunshine and that there are in fact many muslim women facing the mentioned problems . 
  i do believe that this is wrong and that we need to counteract this - mainly by education . 
  * however * claiming that this is * always * the case for * all * ( or even most of ) muslim women in our countries is ridiculous . 
  literally spend one minute googling `` moderate muslims '' or whatever term and you will come back more educated than you are now . 
  i have consistently said that i acknowledge the problems of oppression connected with headscarfs and similar pieces of clothing , but claiming that every single muslim girl faces these problems is simply ridiculous . 
  generalised statements - of almost any kind - are ridiculous . 
  it does n't . 
  when talking about religious muslims , it can be a tool for relative liberation . 
  if you are already areligious or a moderate muslim , it obviously would n't grant you any advantage . 
  well , good to know that you have knowledge of who i talk to . 
  stop making up stuff and you are making inaccurate generalized statements as well . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i targeted my statement at op because i believe his approval of the decision is n't in the spirit of the court but rather only directed at the symbols of certain faiths . 
  uhm ? 
  how does that contradict my point ? 
  of course it is mainly muslims who are wearing a headscarf , nobody is contesting that ? 
  yeah , i was a bit unsure about the wording myself . 
  but `` had been '' is inaccurate as well . 
  `` was '' maybe ? 
  just do a bit research . 
  you will find that many of them are n't . 
  i am frequently talking to muslim girls . 
  but you are misinterpreting your anecdotal experience as generally valid facts . 
  which they are n't . 
  there are plenty of examples of moderate muslims who do n't give a damn whether their daughter wears a headscarf or not . 
  not my own words . 
  look it up , people have argued exactly that . 
  whether they feel oppressed or liberated should be up to the women wearing a headscarf , not up to you . 
  again , inaccurate generalisation . 
  the world is n't black and white and not all muslims are fundamentalists . 
  educate yourself on the matter before you talk . 
  then do n't talk about how it is a tool exclusively focussed on suppressing women . 
  many muslim women have argued that it is , together with the burqini , actually a tool for liberation . 
  of course , it is still on a different level , but it can nevertheless be positive . 
  portugal has been a kingdom between the 12th century and 1910 which is almost 800 years no ? 
  blanket statements of this kind are simply inaccurate . 
  i did not say all of them wear it by choice , but many do . 
  ... which makes mentioning it in this context a bit dishonest . 
  simply because the burqa/niqab faces a lot more public opposition than the hijab . 
  on what basis ? 
  there are plenty of women who wear a headscarf by their own choice . 
  and for those who wear it because of pressure of their husbands/family/religious leaders it still is a better option to work wearing a headscarf instead of staying home all day . 
  honestly , if you would bother reading the ruling you would notice that this is n't targeted at a specific religion but rather about a general ban on religious symbols at the workplace . 
  why mention it then ? 
  and where is the issue with the hijab ? 
  as long as she wears it by her own choice , where is the difference to a western woman covering her hair for style or to a woman wearing a necklace with a cross ? 
  honest question : have you ever been served by a woman in a burqa/niqab in a cafe ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  not that frightening to be honest . 
  scotland does n't face any direct military threats and russia invading scotland is n't in any way realistic . 
  additionally , they would be covered by the eu defence clause once they become a member again . 
  thanks !, 
  honestly , i do not care . 
  he got a warning for personal attacks as well , but we expect everyone to discuss without resorting to personal attacks , no matter who the other guy is or what the other guy said . 
  can you provide a translation please ? 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed for editorialisation , because its title does not reflect the title or content of the link .
