  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  brexit was within the margin of error . 
  the us national polls were correct - clinton won the popular vote by a wide margin . 
  what was off were some polls in some states . 
  people fundamentally misinterpret polls and that they have a chance to be mistaken . 
  what i can tell you is that all polls at the moment suggest that the afd is declining and previous elections have generally confirmed that polling is roughly accurate . 
   who decides what exactly `` human dignity '' is defined as ? 
  the german constitutional court . 
   for instance is an offensive mohammad or jesus cartoon acceptable ? 
  generally speaking : yes . 
   would critisism of angela merkel offend her `` human dignity '' ? 
  depends on the kind of criticism . 
  severe personal attacks and calling for her death would . 
   did n't germany ban a cartoon about erdogan ? 
  nope . 
  a german satirist was being prosecuted because erdogan felt insulted , but he was n't successful . 
   i prefer the idea that speech i do not like be allowed to be published than restricting what others are allowed to say . 
  different concept of free speech . 
   i 'm not saying that there should be no consequences for saying whatever you like ... for instance a company should be able to fire an employee for posting racism , but the government should n't be able to punish someone for their opinion - no matter how outlandish . 
  again , different concept . 
  germany has taken a criminal law approach in combatting insults etc. 
  while in other countries this is handled in civil courts . 
  monetary compensation is n't as popular here . 
   if you do n't like something do n't read it , there is no reason to ban it for everyone else . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  it is not about `` liking '' here . 
  fun fact : the numbers of rightwing parties are already decreasing . 
  these camps are already overcrowded as fuck and they are still short on money . 
  experience from the past suggests that refugees actually leave the country again after the conflict is over . 
  additionally , there wo n't be a million on welfare . 
  suggesting that we will have prayer calls is just right-wing propaganda . 
  i think someone else already posted it with the correct title . 
  i ca n't talk about all germans , but i am aware of this . 
  this is not a decision that our politicians made . 
  we are obligated to pay asylum seekers as much based on our constitution . 
  the number of economic migrants does n't matter whatsoever when it comes to employment . 
  yes we can . 
  because some of the decisions ( for example admitting trains full of refugees from hungary ) were exclusively made to help other eu countries . 
  over 85 % of german voters are still voting for non-rightwing parties . 
  again . 
  i do not like country shopping and i would like it to be a `` fair '' redestribution scheme . 
  however this does not meet reality . 
  as i have elaborated , we have no possibility to deport these people if they come from a genuine refugee destination . 
  talking about syrians for example : * we can not deport them due to syria for obvious reasons * we can not deport them to turkey for a lack of a treaty that allows us to do so * we can not deport them to greece because of court decisions this means that we are effectively stuck with these people . 
  in what country ? 
  generally speaking , people are allowed to work for money , but it is connected to conditions . 
  they need to apply for a work permit and for a while , they are not allowed to take a job if a german or eu citizen applies for the same job . 
  well yeah , but in this regard it is unfair to focus on germany without seeing the bigger picture . 
   a monumentally stupid decision mostly driven by anti immigration sentiment then . 
  i am not ideologically wedded to the term far right . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i would add anti-globalization though . 
  i do n't . 
  you have to understand that we value human dignity higher than the freedom of speech in germany . 
   with current exchange rates you would merely have needed 20 % percent of the spending to make a similarly positive effect , less if you consider that logistiscs in the future would have been a lot easier . 
  if everyone in europe would do their part , we would already have sufficient funding . 
   i dont think we need any more far right victories in europe . 
  britain was enough . 
  britain did not elect the far-right though . 
  i disagree with qualifying brexit as a `` far-right victory '' . 
  when they offer their service in germany , they can and should . 
  not his choice though . 
  it was agreed between social democrats and the epp that he would only serve half a term in this period . 
  and as foreign minister , he will have more power compared to being a powerful mep . 
  power that he could still use in favour of the eu . 
   they are up in arms anyway , if you didnt notice . 
  if you wan na do something , at least do it right . 
  not really , no . 
  and what matters even more : you would not have gotten the parliaments approval for that spending . 
  there was more to it than `` chasing poll numbers '' here . 
  and to `` lessen the risk '' you suggest deporting people into regions where their lives are endangered ? 
   oh it does if you have limited resources . 
  it is a simple optimization problem . 
  in this case , it is less about limited resources than about politics . 
  we will spend around 90 billion euros on refugees in the next few years . 
  and the people are not exactly happy about it , but they will tolerate it . 
  announcing to spend 90 billion euros on people somewhere else without visible effect to us will get people up in arms . 
   you are still spending more in ways that have destabilized political unity in europe and helped way less people . 
  giving a stranger a kidney is one thing . 
  giving them your heart if they dont need it is just abject stupidity . 
  i disagree with this metaphor . 
   that is unfortunate , but does not change the fact that any pretense of humanitarianism is pretty thin . 
  i disagree . 
  helping the people here is still as humanitarian as it gets . 
  an effort to help ten people does not get any less humanitarian if you could have helped other/more people instead . 
   i agree . 
  we should protect the outer borders though . 
  if we wan na have a politial union , which i am all in favor of , we should start behaving like a nation state on such issues . 
  and this fault really is n't ours . 
   i do n't know what the rhetoric was like in germany at the time , but in norway and sweden politicians have talked about the positive economic effect of refugees and asylum seekers for more than a decade . 
  the norwegian politicians stopped 2 years ago once government statistics showed how they 're a monumental economic drain . 
  sweden is still doing it , but they 're obsessed with their image of being a `` humanitarian superpower '' not the case here . 
  which is why calling it the `` reasoning '' is fundamentally flawed . 
  without wanting to take anything away from the nordic countries - the * vast * majority of asylum seekers ended up in germany . 
   in that case build detention camps as close as possible to the point of entry and keep them there . 
  i see no reason for us to uphold the conventions we signed if no one else is . 
  yeah . 
  keep people in ghettos for years ( because the syrian war is n't going to be over any time soon ) .
