  how is a syrian person fleeing its country supposed to know the difference ? 
  they read that germany issued some kind of general acceptance rule for syrians and they misinterpret it . 
  there is some abstract danger of rapes in asylum homes . 
  the article does not even mention the numbers . 
  do you really want to introduce a massive privacy invasion with large numbers of policemen watching 24/7 upon a million people ? 
  this is neither possible nor is there a will to do so . 
  i am sorry for the people who got raped and i think it is a horrible thing that something like this happens to them here in germany , a country where they are supposedly safe . 
  in fact , it is a shame . 
  but i do not see any realistic way other than prosecuting these people . 
  its also in the very interest of the society . 
  if we are able to ` sort out ' these people now , we will have less troubles with them in the future . 
  this is still not an invite . 
  it was merely a poorly worded attempt at relieving stress from the current situation . 
   germany will become the member state responsible for ** processing ** their claims processing being the relevant word here . 
  processing does not mean accepting everyone . 
  people hear and read what they want to read , especially when chasing a dream . 
  many of the people that are currently coming here are willfully accepting lies that paint everything in rainbows while neglecting news that indicate otherwise . 
  its just human nature and there is not much that can be done about it . 
  except for choosing words more carefully , so that they leave no room to be misunderstood . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  however , it is unrealistic to expect the state to protect all of these people . 
  we can not deploy watchdogs everywhere and for everyone . 
  we do not have governmental protection everywhere . 
  its the same in the open world . 
  if you get raped somewhere at night , the police will have no way to help you and prosecute someone unless you tell them . 
  there is no such thing as ` universal governmental rape protection ' . 
  all that we can do is emprisoning the offenders , and that relies on someone ( be it the victim , be it someone else ) reporting it . 
  nobody gave such an invite . 
  stop spreading wrong facts . 
  you are throwing around with numbers you have no clue about and that have no source . 
  a realistic number for germany is around 12,000 euros per year and refugee . 
  which sets us at 12 billion , not 50 billion for a million refugees . 
  12 billion is less than our surplus , by the way . 
  and that is considering that germany is a rich country , the ` price tag ' will be a lot lower for most other countries . 
  our military costs are not affected in the slightest by refugees , by the way . 
  this actually has nothing to do with victim blaming . 
  its simple . 
  if the victim does not come forth , there is not much we can to about that issue asides from installing cameras everywhere in those homes ( questionable because of privacy ) or putting policemen on every floor in these homes ( even more unlikely ) . 
  unless there is someone else watching there is no way to figure out who committed the crime . 
  so it is neither possible to expel these people from the asylum home nor is not possible to prosecute them . 
  i acknowledge that it might be difficult to report this at times , nevertheless there is no alternative . 
   the idea that some european leaders have that just by accepting all of this refugees together with economic migrants we will somehow help people is simply flawed . 
  uhm . 
  what leaders are you talking about ? 
  if you talk about merkel , you are mistaken . 
  we are not talking about wife raping here i assume . 
  i can understand you , i dislike comments of this kind as well . 
  i was just tired and hoped that you would just take my word for it . 
   i thought yugo citizens were turned away right after entering , i guess not . 
  unfortunately not . 
  its how many people would like to see this , but our asylum process still takes way too long and even after that , people can go to court against a denial . 
  lets see how listing these states as `` safe countries '' will change that . 
  well , if you ask for it : syrian asylum applicants 01/15-07 / 15 in germany by religion : * 34,877 muslims * 2571 christians * 2395 jesides so way below even 90 % [ source , german ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article146277482/das-sind-die-neuen-syrer-in-deutschland.html ) the balkan states , which is the home country to about as many asylum seekers as syria , are quite differently in their religions . 
  albania is 56 % muslim , kosovo 95 % muslim , serbia is 3 % muslim and for macedonia 45 % of the population did not make a statement on their confession . 
  yes , asylum seekers of those countries do not have prospects to be granted asylum , yet they are inhabitants of said asylum homes . 
  you are right if you claim that the majority of current asylum seekers is muslim , however they are * not * 99 % . 
  nope . 
  you are wrong . 
  there are no ` muslim camps ' . 
  we do not settle people based on their religion . 
  not every woman will , however the letter this article is based on especially talks about women sleeping in their day clothes because they are afraid . 
  so at least those are pretty much aware . 
   the women will not share their experience for fear of the word getting out . 
  can not comment on that . 
  this might be true for the big asylum homes in the big cities . 
  if you are talking about smaller asylum homes , the case lies differently . 
  take salzhemmendorf ( the village with the molotov coctail thrown into its asylum home that was recently in the news ) for example . 
  just because i was raised near that village and know the environment . 
  there is not a single police station in that village . 
  the next police station is about a 25 minute car drive away from that home . 
  how do you fix that ? 
  i dont . 
  but that is what i would expect them to do . 
  if the wife says `` i am afraid of sexual assault when going there , it already happened to another woman '' , i think the husband will very well accompany her on the way . 
  especially when the cultural background values honour very highly . 
  this headline is so misleading . 
  * no * country is calling for a basic income . 
  some people in 27 countries are . 
  well , if they are afraid of being raped while going there , they could ask their respective male compagnion to go with them . 
  because that is their duty according to their religion , right ? 
  they accompany the women because they have to ` protect ' them . 
  at least according to islam . 
  i doubt that these people are accompanied by male family members . 
  i dont think that said members would allow this to happen . 
  there would be a lot more fighting and killing going on if that was the case . 
  because we are not used to rapes in our asylum homes . 
  putting a few policemen in every of our refugee homes would simply require a lot more menpower than we can provide . 
  there is a difference between large amounts of police guarding a football match once every two weeks and guarding an asylum home every day . 
  it is a lot more stressful for the duty rosters . 
  sorry , i dont really understand what you mean . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  everyone gets the same benefits . 
   maybe you should teach more people german . 
  people hear what they want to hear . 
  i think it is a little misleading to include the postbank in this . 
  the deutsche bank bought the named bank in 2010 , they are just releasing it into independence again . 
   what germany is doing is offering full resettlement to anyone who claims to be from syria and sets foot on their soil well , we did not . 
  we simply offered processing their asylum requests . 
  it was understood differently , but it was n't what we said . 
  i do not understand where the obstacles towards reporting the rapes and prosecuting the offenders lie .
