  nobody forces you to buy them . 
  more products on offer do n't harm you . 
  even more so considering the npd reached 9.2 % in 2004 . 
  that 's like the most ridiculous reasoning i have ever heared ? 
   it allows us companies with subsidiaries in canada to use the agreement 's corporate sovereignty provisions to sue the eu -- and there are 42,000 such companies according to one analysis ( pdf ) . 
  it does n't . 
  to use isds under ceta to challenge european decisions affecting us investments here , they would need to funnel that investment through their subsidiary in canada . 
  transferring the ownership to the subsidiary before the case will likely cause the isds tribunal to decline the case - as seen in pma v. australia . 
  there are further limits of who is eligible for isds - there need to significant business activity in canada to open up this possibility . 
   as a result , ceta has been called `` ttip by the backdoor , '' since it would provide a handy way for us companies to put pressure on eu nations even if ttip suffers the same fate as tpp . 
  a description made up by people who have no clue what they are talking about . 
  whoever claims that it is `` ttip through the backdoor '' just shows that he does not know much about the subject . 
  it completely ignores that isds is a * minor * part of ttip . 
   perhaps because ceta looks increasingly like the last hope for the establishment to push through an old-style trade deal , there is now an unseemly haste on both sides of the atlantic to ram it through the ratification process as quickly as possible , with as little scrutiny as possible . 
  what is this guy even talking about ? 
  ceta is everything , but not an `` old-style '' trade deal . 
  ceta/ttip/tpp are a new generation of trade deals , unparalleled in terms of size and kind . 
   ceta will only officially arrive at the european parliament on november 21 . 
  from then meps have six months to analyse , write opinions , debate and vote . 
  but a coup of sorts has ensured none of the usual procedures count this time . 
  the centre-left and centre right groups , that together make up the huge majority known to many of us as the `` grand coalition '' in the european parliament have plotted to ensure ceta will speed so quickly through this institution that if you blink , you may miss it . 
  they want a vote as early as december , making it impossible for the parliament to assess ceta in any concrete terms . 
  yeah , ignore the fact that ceta has been published for over two years now . 
  there has been plenty of time for everybody - meps , lobbyists , ngos etc. 
  to assess ceta and to give their opinion about it . 
  there 's actually more to that . 
  it is also the limit the largest group of germans ( 38 % ) would like . 
  since we have 31 % supporting higher numbers , i think it is fair to say that a `` vast majority '' supports taking in up to 200,000 people . 
   once you do what makes you think that we will have that at some point ? 
  iirc a majority of those who are legitimate refugees ( syria , iraq , etc. ), 
  want to return to their countries if it is possible and safe . 
  this of course is n't true for economic migrants , but those wo n't be given asylum/refugee status anyways . 
  but essentially , it does not matter what they want . 
  what matters is the law and what the german government wants . 
  and there is precedent : [ the balkan wars ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/graphics/d27_2bv_d.gif ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/ds27_2_d.htm ) i am totally open to pay people money to leave by the way . 
  we did this in the 90s and it worked . 
  it saves us money since deportations are expensive and it gives the people some money for a fresh start in their country . 
  well , we will see i guess . 
  so far , we have not repeated the political turns of our neighbors fortunately . 
  this does not contradict taking in refugees ? 
  refugees returning once it 's safe again is pretty much the point of the refugee status . 
  that definition of `` migration background '' is n't worth shit . 
  had my grandmothers family migrated from what used to be germany but became poland after world war one a few years later , i would count as a person with a `` migration background '' . 
  the thing is : people did not really care about immigration in 2012 , why should they care now ? 
  the `` immigration '' issue only became a main talking point due to the refugees . 
  most people do not care as long as it does n't include large numbers of refugees . 
  even the afd is not opposed to immigration in general - they just want to implement a point system modelled after canada . 
  poll from february 2016 - so after the peak had already been reached , at a time where we still assumed that we had taken in 1,1 million people ( instead of the actual 890,000 ) : * 11 % no limits * 3 % up to 1,000,000 * 17 % up to 500,000 * 38 % up to 200,000 * 21 % no refugees [ source , in german ] ( http://www.ndr.de/der_ndr/presse/mitteilungen/ndr-umfrage-mehrheit-der-deutschen-glaubt-an-gelingen-der-fluechtlingsintegration,pressemeldungndr16886.html ), 
  that 's around 2 % without departures . 
  in 2011 , the share of foreigners in saxony was 2.8 % . 
  the today number should be below 5 % . 
  this is still not `` a lot of foreigners '' . 
   as long as there are arrivals , it is becoming more and more relevant , not less . 
  it will start being less relevant when there are departures . 
  actually you are wrong about that . 
  a vast majority of germans has no problem whatsoever with accepting 200,000 refugees a year - this means that it wo n't really become more relevant . 
   yes but this can change within one year . 
  depends . 
   libya is n't as stable as they used to be neither your country nor switzerland will tolerate significant flows through their respective countries . 
   and turkey is kind of unpredictable . 
  this would fuck greece , not us . 
  the balkan route is and will remain closed . 
  of course , there are people trying to get through anyways , but i sincerely doubt that this will reach critical mass again . 
   and other european countries will probably elect anti-immigration parties . 
  than asylum seekers will get less money , less favorable treatment and so on . 
  there are few countries left where this would matter . 
  the main countries to watch for are italy and france . 
  however , the five star movement is pretty ambivalent considering the immigration/refugees . 
  france is another issue . 
  however , migration mainly happens into the communities and not into the welfare state . 
  france has very few applications from syrians - they go to germany instead . 
  france on the other side recieves more applications from various african countries . 
   this could increase the immigration on germany and therfore the ammount of people who see it as a problem . 
  we are already the destination # 1 . 
  we currently recieve around 70 % of asylum applications in the whole eu ( it still is a bit skewed due to various issues , but still ) . 
  well , that 's representative polling . 
  i did not make this up . 
  the topic of immigration is becoming less and less relevant due to the declining number in refugee arrivals by the way . 
   this will be especially probable if the cdu/spd lose enough seats that merkel ends up needing the greens to make up the numbers ; in this case all three of the parties will suffer damage on a local level by association . 
  wo n't happen . 
  and no , state politics can be completely unrelated to the federal government . 
   as a result , over the next few years , it is n't too unlikely that cdu + spd + grn will fall under 50 % in saxony , being at 53 % in this poll . 
  they could fall 5 % and still have a majority . 
   the 2019 election is going to be very interesting , especially if none of the `` usual '' coalitions can form thanks to afd occupying so much space . 
  the cdu could be in a similar dilemma like fianna f\u00e1il were after the 2016 election in ireland : presented with a choice between getting into bed with afd or aligning with spd/grn/linke . 
  at least in other states , the cdu has communicated that would rather form a coalition with the linke than with the afd . 
  well , then , no , i do not give a fuck whether these people stay the majority . 
  as long as they speak german and behave german , i do not care whether all their grandparents were german . 
  what is an ` ethnic german ' according to your definition ? 
   at what point do you think enough is enough ? 
  since refugees will have to go back eventually , there is no such point . 
  what kind of question is this even ? 
  who is a `` german '' anyways ? 
  apart from the fact that 200,000 people a year will cause no such event . 
  even the afd voters have little trust into the afd fixing these problems . 
  the vote is essentially just a `` fuck you '' to the establishment for not finding solutions ( despite the fact that there probably are n't any ) . 
  well , what do you want to address here , and how ? 
  a recent poll revealed that general right-wing sentiments are much more popular in saxony than in the rest of the republic . 
  saxons are the most likely to say that there are `` too many foreigners in germany '' despite there being almost no foreigners in that state .
