  terrorist attacks are almost always a tool trying to incite hatred between locals and the muslim population of that country - well you have n't any muslim population . 
  plus - do n't forget that most of the terrorist attacks in europe so far were carried out by eu nationals . 
  they could simply fly to czechia without any troubles . 
  you are n't going to go full trump and try to ban any muslims from entering your country . 
   and it would be indeed very costly to esatblish really efficient system of border protection . 
  it 's not about the efficientcy of the system , it is about the fact that the flow of goods would be hindered . 
   you put it in the sea . 
  you do n't need to surround every one of them . 
  you know how large the distances between the greek islands are ? 
   for 45 years the soviets/us managed to effectively separate a whole continent and you are doubting for a small country like greece . 
  the two parties did not have to care about small boats run by human traffickers . 
  the geographical situation was also better . 
  there are n't any us-owned islands near russia that people could have taken a journey to . 
  plus the russian marine essentially prevented their own people from leaving , which makes it a lot easier . 
  especially considering the legal situation . 
  they did not have to infringe with another countries borders to bring the people back . 
   that was created by merkel and her ideological henchmen wot ? 
  in case it escaped you : we already had a full-on refugee crisis before merkel publicly lost a word about refugees . 
  the boats to lampedusa have been an issue for years now . 
   do you understand the political backlash this would cause within your own electorate ? 
  in the wake of brexit no less ? 
  honestly , i do not think it would have that big of an impact on the german electorate . 
  unfortunately , being nice with greece does n't win you anything over here . 
  if you think that our government is harsh on you , better be glad that it is n't the german public dealing with you ( most of the people here are retards in this regard ) . 
   actions speak louder than words . 
  by now everyone knows that the eu failed to keep their part of the deal . 
  greece kept theirs . 
  was n't it your beloved minister who was harping that deals must be kept ? 
  true . 
  however , it is not exactly clear why there have n't been any resettlements . 
   yes , along with everyone else , bringing the eu one step closer to disintegration . 
  yeah , probably . 
  well , give me a source on 1.1 million refugees in greece . 
   as long as the accommodation fulfills all the demands , it could work . 
  you can not limit the movement of legitimate asylum seekers forever . 
   more of a stationary cruise ship facility . 
  well , yeah . 
  but in this case , it would legitimately be cheaper to house the people here . 
  100 % accurate . 
  but then , reddit also has a significant amount of people who think that way ( unfortunately ) . 
  well , yours is certainly the most ignorant one , as mine reflects the legal ( constitutional ) reality . 
   most of them are not syrian anyway most of them were . 
  of course there was a significantl proportion disguising themselves as syrians , but there is no indicator that less then 30-40 % of them were syrian . 
   would you honestly want to see yourself being a minority in your own neighborhood ? 
  stupid argument . 
  not gon na happen . 
   would you want germany to become 10 % immigrants living of welfare ? 
  not gon na happen either . 
   this is what is happening in greece right now and we only get people telling us to us `` humanity '' . 
  so you have one million immigrants living on welfare ? 
  sorry , but i call bs . 
   europe did n't feel suicidal . 
  neither europe nor germany does feel `` suicidal '' . 
  we did , at no point , force people from inside our borders onto other states . 
  all people that were resettled ( or meant to be resettled ) into other countries were from greece or italy . 
  plus : why would you want to build a fucking fence to germany ? 
  it 's not like people would try to get from germany into czechia . 
  additionaly , this would be kind of stupid from an economic standpoint . 
  closing the border with germany would prove to be very costly . 
  thing is : the echr * is * for the benefit of the people . 
  the echr is full of the conclusions that we drew from events like the second world war . 
  and these conclusions are still valid . 
  `` it 's bad because it is illegal '' is a bad argument of course . 
  but if you understand * why * it is illegal , it becomes a very good argument . 
  the law applies equally to everyone , and everyone on our soil has the right to a fair process . 
  this might not always seem fair , but it really really is . 
  unfortunately , it is impossible to lay out all of the reasoning behind the very abstract `` human rights '' when arguing . 
  and quite fortunatly , the general population is not in charge of the legal system , the public is too quick in wanting to deny other people rights because of recent events or moods . 
  it 's a good thing that the fundamental principles stay untouched and it should remain that way . 
  oh man , i am not good at detecting jokes today :(, 
   greece will have absolutely zero incentive to prevent anyone from leaving . 
  well , the `` incentive '' would be massive pressure from the eu . 
   every other country in the eu ( portugal and germany excepted ) has essentially said `` fuck it , it 's not my problem '' and rejected the quota system . 
  actually , almost everyone voted `` yes '' at least on the one time resettlement . 
  no matter that it actually fell ( very ) short of the promises . 
   ( and good luck on your next elections in that case , cause you 're going to need it . ), 
  i am pretty sure that austria would shut its southern borders in due time . 
   let 's hope against hope that the deal wo n't fall through . 
  true . 
   no idea why you got downvoted because people believe that we could `` very simply '' erect a completely secure `` fortress europe '' but they think that it is a `` plot of the elites '' that we are n't doing that . 
  or some shit like this . 
  italy was actually meant to lead this operation due to their ( formerly ) close ties withy libya . 
  well , there was a 6,000 strong army ( mainly italy , uk and us ) meant to be in lybia at this point in time . 
  shame that failed . 
  the law is called european convention of human rights . 
  if our governments were to establish these floating hotspots , they would be bound by the echr . 
  and again : what kind of moron would want to be shot in the face . 
  the argument does n't work this way . 
  and my entire point is that you can not legally do that . 
  you can not emprison people on the seas . 
  as i said , of course it is n't . 
  but if you get there , no matter how and why , and apply for asylum , you are entitled to a humane treatment . 
  no matter how little you like that . 
  to where ? 
  making them decide between greece and syria is n't exactly according to human rights . 
   floating hotspots are n't any more of a prison than a hotspot in cesme , crete , athens or thessalonica . 
  they are . 
   humane conditions are not good in the greek mainland either . 
  true , but still much better than in the island camps or on a fuckign ship . 
   floating ones are double good since people will prefer to stay in the turkish ones .
