  the only thing i am aware of is the proposal to send german and italian troops to tunesia in order to train libyan troops . 
  after some research , i found this :  the mirror told today how sas troops are already in libya preparing for the arrival of around 1,000 british infantrymen to combat the extremists . 
   special forces , including military close observation experts from the special reconnaissance regiment , are spearheading a major coalition offensive against the terror network . 
   the operation will involve around 6,000 american and european soldiers and marines - led by italian forces and supported mainly by britain and france . 
   it comes in a bid to stop the advance of around 5,000 islamic extremists , who have already secured more than a dozen major-oilfields to swell their war chest of millions of dollars . 
  the authorities have confirmed that the actions did not qualify as crimes under the german criminal law . 
  the actions in question were verbal comments by young men that were obviously sexually aroused at the sight of a lot of female skin . 
  not exactly surprising that boys in this age tend to act a bit careless and macho-like no matter the nationality and especially in a group . 
  additionally , it is likely caused by the restrictive clothing they are used to . 
  porn is illegal in syria . 
   which changes precisely nothing . 
  it changes the reason for the requirement of a security plan . 
  and requiring one is not exactly unreasonable . 
  even regular demonstrations have to provide a security plan . 
  why should carnival be different ? 
   it is indeed worrysome if a refuge center is even used as a reason for needing increased security . 
  it is probably a preemptive measure , but i am inclined to agree with you here . 
  the issue certainly has been overblown . 
  it * is * worrisome and sad that stuff like this happens ( both the problems in the swimming pool and the subsequent ban ) , but the media attention is totally out of proportion . 
  this sounds about as credible as the accounts about ` government paying for leather jackets and expensive mobile telephones for refugees ' . 
  source ? 
  the emphasis is on '' * ein * grund '' , another article about the issue specified that there have been reasons that go beyond the refugee shelter . 
  i guess you are talking about shoplifting and not about ` robberies ' . 
  and i sincerely doubt that they `` cant do anything against them because they are refugees '' . 
  it is more likely that they are not always present on the supermarket and cant do shit if the people are already gone once they arrive . 
  they are legalized the moment they apply for asylum . 
  so in your mind : one failure = useless ? 
  they had a person assigned to them that brought them there . 
  pretty much like a school class or whatever comparison you want to make there . 
  the refugees will eventually grow accustomed to the sight of sparely clothed females and to our rules of behaviour . 
  suggesting that the whole million refugees need a person supervising them when they are in the public is just ridiculous . 
  these people have been accepted asylum seekers . 
  so no , they are not illegal by any means . 
  i 'll quote my other response :  if you bring a group of young males that are not used to the sight of scantily clad women to a swimming pool , you should at least be wary if you are the person responsible for them . 
  leaving people that do not speak the language in a foreign environment is not exactly a clever idea . 
  and you are wrong , nobody ` behaved like a criminal ' . 
  essentially it 's been a bunch of boys with a boner running around and putting their hand on their trousers . 
  of course , this causes unrest and it surely is uncomfortable for the women , especially having the recent events in mind . 
  there was no physical contact as far as i am aware . 
  this does not make the situation tolerable , but dont make a mountain out of a molehill . 
  nobody has been raped , neither has someone even been touched . 
  not even close to that . 
   also , i ca n't find any source in the article that someone drove them there maybe you should consider that the german media reported a bit more detailled about the case ? 
  that i * might * know more than you simply because this happened in my homeland ? 
   do you want to put a random civillian responsible for the behaviors of others ? 
  i do n't . 
  the people behaving like criminals should be punished , but it 's hard when they have fuck all to lose . 
  if you bring a group of young males that are not used to the sight of scantily clad women to a swimming pool , you should at least be wary if you are the person responsible for them . 
  leaving people that do not speak the language in a foreign environment is not exactly a clever idea . 
  and you are wrong , nobody ` behaved like a criminal ' . 
  essentially it 's been a bunch of boys with a boner running around and putting their hand on their trousers . 
  of course , this causes unrest and it surely is uncomfortable for the women , especially having the recent events in mind . 
  there was no physical contact as far as i am aware . 
  this does not make the situation tolerable , but dont make a mountain out of a molehill . 
   well , we 're not even sure that person could have prevented that . 
  it could surely have been possible that this person prevented these people from running after the women . 
   i can easily understand how the more violent of the citizenry will see it as a rallying call . 
  in this case you have a poor undestanding of the situation . 
  oh come on . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  it will be pretty much the same as every year . 
  maybe you will have a bit more police . 
   yes , what other options are there ? 
  you know , the person responsible for the refugees ( the guy who took them there and drove off while he should have stayed there ) could have stayed there and prevented a situation like this from ever occuring . 
  maybe they also deleted it because it is not the state of affairs anymore . 
  the ban will be lifted within the next days . 
  nobody has been raped there ? 
  nobody has even be touched there . 
  it was a failure from the side of the person that took the refugees there and left immediately . 
   so it is not worrisome in your opinion that a security plan is even needed ? 
  it 's certainly better than having no security plan and possible bad consequences . 
  it also does not mean that there is a serious threat . 
  it 's similar when it comes to fire protection plans . 
   i do n't think the people in rheinberg will like it , and this might increase the tension even further . 
  of course they wo n't like it , but we had something similar one year ago due to a terrorist threat . 
  generally , the population has been okay with measures like this in cases where security could not be warranted . 
  ` mass surveillance ' is a big word for action like this . 
  it 's not like they will suddenly deploy drones everywhere to monitor everyone at every given moment . 
  especially when it comes to football matches , surveillance methods like this allow the police to quickly identify and sort out troublemakers ( e.g. 
  people using fireworks within the stadium ) , enhancing security and convenience for everybody else . 
  the german police has used stuff like this for a while now . 
   perfect actually it 's not perfect at all . 
  it is a drastic measure , it would have been better if it had been possible to avoid this situation alltogether . 
   this part is worrisome : this is not exactly ` worrisome ' . 
  it is one carnival association in a small town failing to provide a security plan on time . 
  requsting such a plan given recent events is not exactly out of this world . 
  all the big carnival parades in the region are taking place . 
  it is already announced to be lifted within the next days . 
   i thought the schengen area was free of passport control ? 
  it is free of regular checks , there can still be random controls . 
  given the current situation , not unexpected . 
  gop candidates are already suggesting to move more people to guantanamo . 
  well , this is pretty much impossible here . 
   it 's not clear to me that they are harmed , unless their governments are penalizing them for ownership of the vehicles . 
  the governments are doing no such thing . 
  the fix that is sufficient for europe is replacing a $ 1 car part and a software update . 
  according to vw , it will not lead to increased fuel consumption or loss of power . 
  it 's a lot simpler than in the us . 
  i am aware of the results of that case . 
  i am aware that she probably only got a fraction of the money originally awarded .
