  it is on point with some issues , but it also overdramatizes some other issues . 
   i mean , the german national identity has already come under considerable strain , and the two main parts of it which are left ( commitment to the european union and commitment to a stable currency ) are increasingly coming into conflict with one another . 
  i disagree . 
  pride in engineering is still there , the constitution is still there . 
  we will see what effects the vw crisis will have , but the reputation of the brand in germany is still excellent ( they increased their sales despite the discoveries ) and the only markets where we see decline are the us and china . 
  we also have a few more than just one car maker and even vws subsidiaries are completely untouched , even in the us . 
  ` made in germany ' is still known for quality and not for cheating . 
   seeing as destruction of the european union could be a consequence of the continued unwaveringness to the euro 's interest rates ... 
  i think that germany 's position on the euro may change . 
  there is more to it than just ` pride ' and the history . 
  i am completely certain that the desire for a stable currency will not vanish even if it means problems for other countries . 
  the european union is more than just the euro . 
  you know as well as me how that would end . 
  germany adapted the euro after being promised a stable currency , that 's why all the relevant rules are in force . 
  the euro was modeled after the mark , visible even today through the location of the ecb . 
  all the countries that adapted the euro were consent with this or at least indifferent . 
  germany would never consent to the aftermath of a change of this kind . 
  neither would the rest of the countries with similar views ( finland , netherlands , austria , maybe belgium , the baltics ) . 
  this does not mean that the eurozone is impossible to reform ( even to the disadvantage of said countries ) , but a power shift of this kind is very unlikely . 
  yes , it is not fair , but it is the reality . 
  it would inevitably lead to the creation of two euro zones . 
   ecb governing council , which was stacked in germany 's favour this did not prevent the ecb from pursuing policies against germany 's will . 
  in fact , most of the decisions the ecb made in recent times were against the vote of the german members . 
   the eurogroup is informal so new initiatives needed unanimity . 
  there was n't even a serious attempt of doing so . 
  germany had the majority of countries behind itself most of the time . 
  the eurogroup has n't been purely dominated by german interests . 
  and in case other countries actually managed to form a sizable majority , we would potentially struggle to hold our line . 
  yes , we would be able to block it , but it is in our very own interest to find consensus . 
   a southern dirigist franco-spanish-italian bloc would easily be able to outvote the northern one with the uk out . 
  they have n't been able to do that in the ez ( which already favors them ) , why should it be possible in the eu ? 
  as we all know , power is more than the count of the votes a country has . 
  if the countries of the south return to prosperity , they might have a chance of doing so , but currently i do n't see this happening . 
  they would also need to get their domestic issues fixed first . 
  neither the spanish nor the french government has that much of a solid domestic basis . 
  a leader who is constantly weak at home can hardly be strong in europe . 
  plus there is still the possibility for the return of the tandem . 
  nevertheless , we would certainly appreciate the uk staying just to rule out that something like this ever happens . 
  even liberal democracies tend to hold on to their territories if there is a majority support in the population . 
  the annexion of crimea has very high approval ratings in russia . 
   it meant russia cutting ties . 
  as far as i understand it , the eu said either - or . 
   well , 90 % of narva people speak russian but they still prefer estonia over russia . 
  fair point . 
  however estonia is miles better than russia while ukraine is n't unfortunately . 
   the comparison is an insult to every single crimean . 
  so peaceful reunification = armed annexion now ? 
   the eu seems to be meddling in ukraine quite a bit . 
  not in this area . 
   reunification of east and west germany is exact analogy this comparison is an insult to every german . 
   i would prefer if eu held true to european values of democracy and self-determination and allowed crimea to secede peacefully after 3 referendums . 
  first of all , ukraine is not part of the eu . 
  secondly , the eu does not meddle in decisions like this . 
  this is purely domestic and every nation can decide this on its own . 
   but the end result is the same . 
  the difference is ukraine would have never allowed it . 
  does n't make criticism less warranted , the annexation less illegal or the referendum more valid . 
   this one is used purely to allude to russia being modern nazi germany . 
  well , they are annexing territories from their neighboring countries . 
  and the country most famous for doing so is nazi germany . 
  nothing wrong with the comparison . 
  the sanctions are warranted and you would have to provide a source for these ` mysterious transactions ' . 
  the siemens subsidiary is russian by the way , so any constructions of it violating the sanctions are artificial . 
  additionally , it is only a guess that the engines will power crimea . 
  the official project is somewhere else . 
  with russia ? 
  i doubt that . 
  why should russia be consent with a lease when they can have it for free ? 
  what is your point even ? 
  in the other thread about this issue , i have outlined several times that i believe a fair referendum would favour russia . 
  this doesnt make the election more valid however . 
  the election and the actions prior to that were clear violations of international law and the alleged will of the inhabitants of crimea does n't change that . 
  you are complaining about usage of the term ` anschluss ' . 
  i however think that the comparison is not out of the world and the term is not misused . 
  you are making a giant problem when there actually is none . 
  yes of course he can . 
  but this would significantly diminish his support when it comes to lawmaking , would n't it ? 
  it would also put the chance for reelection close to zero . 
  do you think that excessive abuse of this power could ( hypothetically ) unite both parties behind an addition to the constitution that limitis this power in case he fully goes nuts ? 
   eu officials have their own agendas and corresponding rhetoric . 
  using politicians ' rhetoric as justification for your own rhetoric is even worse . 
  it makes a case for using it in normal speech however . 
  it is not completely out of this world to make this comparison . 
   no , they say that it is the will of the crimean people . 
  i have read about other justifications . 
   what is the justification for the reunification of east and west germany ? 
  the will of the people . 
  contrary to crimea , this will was well-documented and very obviously shown by large amounts of people protesting , by the destruction of the wall . 
  * however * , we did not invade the gdr with non-marked troops and forced a referendum that falls short of international standards . 
   again , who are you to deprive crimeans of the right ? 
  ` anschluss ' does not indicate that it is done against the will of these people ( well , not * all * people ) . 
  if that referendum was fair and just , i woud n't particulary like it , but i would have no problem with it . 
  the referendum that was held however was n't either . 
   the nazis held a controlled plebiscite ( volksabstimmung ) in the whole reich within the following month , asking the people to ratify the fait accompli , and claimed that 99.7561 % of the votes cast in austria were in favor sounds familiar , does n't it ? 
  i assume the polls were also pre-election / ` coup ' . 
  the association agreement with the eu essentially meant essentially cutting ties with russia , if just a little bit . 
  if you look at election results for yanukovych , you will see that he had a significant stronghold on crimea , with over 80 % of votes . 
  also , the share of russian-speakers in crimea is amongst the highest in ukraine with over 60 % . 
  i disagree . 
  it is the sensible solution .
