   regardless what the best course of action is , nobody should doubt that the signing of tpp puts greater time pressure on ttip . 
  half a year give or take - it wont make that much of a difference . 
  even if the ttip talks were concluded today - it would take us over a year to vote on it and even more time to implement all measures . 
  yet i think that the possible negative effects of tpp being in place while ttip is not are overestimated . 
  ceta is public , people hardly bothered to look at it . 
  i wont get my hopes up yet . 
  the quantity of significant parties involved in this war . 
  the fact that there is no side that is fighting for the ` good ' , at least not by the definition of many people . 
  i am * not * talking about you here . 
  i was talking about [ this selfpost ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nlsv7/america_have_signed_tpp_and_will_now_do_massive/ ) where someone made exactly the same statement as the author of this article . 
  sorry if you misunderstood that . 
   the men fleeing their mother country are cowards . 
  civil war has been a constant throughout history and it has always been expected that the men fight for their homeland . 
  the problem is that we are not talking about a ` usual ' civil war . 
  most people that are fleeing do not see themselves represented by any party involved . 
  if you have as options fsa , al nusra , is or assad , i wouldnt want to decide for one of these parties either . 
  all of them are somewhat bad , some more , some less . 
  there is no ` fighting for your country ' here . 
  no party is doing that , all of them are fighting for the control over the state . 
  this is not about cowardness . 
  this is the same logical mistake that some poster made on this sub yesterday ( ? ) . 
  yes , tpp might weaken the european position . 
  however this must not serve as an argument to sign a bad deal . 
  this article is about as stupid as the calls for a rejection of ttip without even knowing what it contains . 
  wait until it is released , judge and * then * decide , not the other way around . 
  pma will likely lose its case in australia . 
  they can sue for whatever they want , they will have to pay for the costs of the process . 
  i would advise you to check [ this german document ] ( http://www.bdi.eu/download_content/globalisierungmaerkteundhandel/investitionsschutzabkommen_und_isds.pdf ) from page 31 . 
  most of your mentioned cases are explained there . 
  yes , this document is not from an unbiased source ( the german federation of industries ) , however everything they claim is backed with sources . 
  not really . 
  hess attempted suicide four times , there is no reason to believe that he was killed . 
  also , there is a difference between some war criminal that is in prison until the end of his life and an it person who leaked secrets to the public and will serve a maximum sentence of 30 years . 
  the surrounding circumstances are entirely different aswell . 
   please note how the us has never lost a case . 
  how is that an issue ? 
  haha its alright . 
  i know the struggles of reddit on a tablet . 
  how is that relevant for my statement ? 
  i never criticized it being secret . 
   that 's just one example . 
   hardly evidence of bias on a large scale . 
  its evidence that discrimination can happen in developed judicial systems . 
   the number of claims increase year by year . 
  they dont . 
   unctad figures show that 42 new isds cases were initiated in 2014 . 
  although there are significant annual variations , this appears to be in line with an annual average of some 40 cases since 2004 . 
  in 2013 and 2012 , the number of new cases had been higher -- 59 and 54 respectively [ source , page 9 ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/january/tradoc_153046.pdf ) the funny part is that your very own source says the same . 
  you do not have to look at page 32 but at page 33 ( because 32 shows a running total ) . 
  the number of cases between 2010 and 2014 has been lower than ever before . 
   the awards increase in size year by year . 
  where do you read that from ? 
  the average amount awarded is barely above 10 million dollars . 
   why would n't this trend happen here as well ? 
  well , why should it ? 
   any source for this claim ? 
  you can simply look up who was part of the tribunal in the most recent isds cases . 
  check their biographies . 
   so do you agree then that we should get to see the drafts when they are at a sufficient level of completion then ? 
  i am uncertain on that point . 
  on the one side , i think it could be good because it would allow the people to express concern on certain points while not hindering the negotiations for the first draft . 
  on the other side , minor negative effects in that area could be compensated with good effects on other parts of the whole deal . 
  i am afraid that people would shoot down a deal just based on some released deals without seeing the large picture . 
   they might perhpas have a best guess as to how it will affect their industry i talked about nothing else . 
  of course companies give a damn about the public intrest . 
  thats why we should not solely rely on their input . 
  however , especially considering the public awareness of ttip , i think it could be ` balanced out ' by public interest groups . 
   their technical input is valuable , but it would be equally as valuable if it came from industry experts that do not represent any given company for example . 
  i disagree . 
  the industry experts can only talk about the industry in general , ignoring the diversity of issues that may arise . 
   the isds thing is entirely unnecessary between two parties with well-developed justice systems i think you are mistaken . 
  loewen v. us for example proved that these ` well-developed justice systems ' still discriminate foreign investments sometimes . 
  this is especially true for jury systems , but regular judges also have a tendency to be biased towards their own state . 
   and is in fact used to circumvent the justice systems in question in favor of `` arbitration '' . 
  we have below 100 isds cases in a year . 
  it is hardly a tool to circumvent national justice systems on a large scale . 
   as you probably know , arbitrators can work also as lawyers in the field . 
  this is totally inappropriate , because if a judge represents a paying client on one side , and the same legal issues arise in different cases , one could reasonably suspect that the judge interprets the law in a way that favours paying clients . 
  the success rates of isds cases indicate otherwise , especially when we are talking about claims against eu countries here . 
  most of the judges have better a reputation than regular national judges . 
   in part , sure , because of practicality : protocolling and releasing every phone call and party meeting would be impossible and the public could never scrutinize it . 
  but there is a good balance between practicality and openness : drafts are public , at least in the parliamentary systems i know of , as are parliamentary sessions ( with few exceptions ) . 
  the problem is that we do not even have a draft yet . 
  many areas still lack even the most basic agreements . 
   then handle the lobbying . 
  preventing citizens from reading a document because lobbyists will try to play games is unfair in the extreme . 
  well , the lobbying is not the only reason . 
   i strongly disagree . 
  companies are not democratic agents , people are democratic agents . 
  companies should n't vote and should n't be able to use money to influence the political process . 
  i want a democracy , not a plutocracy . 
  companies play an important part in our todays society , nobody but them knows how a trade deal will actually affect our jobs and industry . 
  while i think there should be limits ( i dont want europeans super-pacs to be honest ) , we should not exclude them from the political process . 
  did you read the other one as well ? 
   this means exactly that the reason why negotiations are held in secret is to hide undesirable aspects of them from the population until the last minute , when they 'll have little chance of rejecting them since they will be bundled with everything else . 
  this is precisely my argument as for why the ttip should not be negotiated in secret . 
  i understand that negotiating it in secret is the best way to make it happen , but i do n't want it to happen if the only way is to force it past normal democratic discourse . 
  well ... partly true . 
  however , negotiations for national legislation are also held in secret . 
  a coalition government will , before bringing a first draft into the parliament , create a draft that will have the backing of both parties in the coalition to prevent the disgrace of having a proposal voted down by your coalition partner .
