  the people that made the decision in 1975 are mostly dead , the remaining ones are a minority in your population . 
  move on , leave this old vote alone , evaluate your needs and look how well they are matched by the eu , but please do n't dig up old stories to justify things . 
  not really . 
  judge by the current day effects and judge whether you like it or not . 
  do n't judge based on some decisions your ancestors made , no matter if they were lied to or not . 
  the league of nations and the damage wilhelm 's germany did has done a lot more to stop wars than . . oh wait it did n't . 
  the reason why we gained peace was the attempt to integrate germany into the west instead of humiliating it again . 
  one could also argue that the nuclear deterrent played some role eventually , but not immediately . 
  but not by the eu but by your own politicians and your media failed to do its job . 
  a single look at the preamble of the eu treaties would have been sufficient . 
  many countries still have set times . 
  it is meant to protect the workers from having to work inhumane hours . 
  it also drives up the price of the goods as more staff is required . 
  especially for grocery shopping , there is a set demand that will not increase with extended opening times , all it brings is more convenience for the customer . 
  different goals in policy , different mentality , other requirements . 
  [ we have the worlds biggest museum of science and technology in munich ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsches_museum ) we also happen to have three potato museums and a wallpaper museum . 
  well , the relevant stats are on the label of the product here . 
  no need for a general list in my opinion . 
  uhm ... no ? 
  not even close ? 
  this is partly true . 
  let 's talk apple : apple has over a hundred billion dollars stored overseas . 
  they can not use this money as they would have to pay taxes on it first . 
  in fact , when apple recently payed a dividend to its shareholders , they preferred taking a loan over bringing back this money as it was cheaper for them . 
  this money stored overseas bares * zero * advantage for the shareholders asides from serving as a storage for bad times . 
  but in this case , they would need to move back the money as well and thus pay the due taxes . 
  all the companies are doing currently is hoping for better terms ( aka lower taxes ) in the distant future . 
  the benefit of the shareholder is not the real reason in my opinion . 
  if we are talking about the shareholders in the future - maybe . 
  but this money currently really serves nobody . 
  it 's a bit of both actually . 
  while it 's certainly on the lawmakers to fix this , one could also expect a bit of decency from big corporations . 
  many people argue that the executives of these companies have an obligation to do so - well , many companies still go without excessive use of these ` loopholes ' ( this does not mean that they are necessarily unintentional ) and they are doing just fine . 
  it is not like these companies would go bankrupt if forced to pay their taxes ( although the 40 % the us demands really is a bit over the top , they are having a higher rate than the rest of the world ) . 
  the drop in the polls was temporary . 
  the cdu is sitting at 39 % again , pretty close to the numbers they had in the last years . 
  true , but that 's true for all systems . 
  a country has to find a system that works best for that country . 
  well , it 's never been tried , but the uk did pretty well with its current system , so why bother changing it ? 
  there is not much to gain from it . 
  this does not mean that it would certainly not work however . 
  well , it is pretty delusional from his side to believe that , instead of dealing with the current problems with greece and shiort-term financing needs , one could go ahead and lecture the rest of europe that everything they do is wrong . 
  well , our written constitution is the smallest part of what one widely connects with the constitution here . 
  all that really matters is what it was developed to be , both in written additions and , much more significantly , some kind of precedent-based court ruling history . 
  well , it is a different system . 
  each side has benefits and disadvantages . 
  in germany it worked out pretty decent , our constitutional courts approval rating has constantly been the highest out of all state organs . 
  but yes , it is also against ` pure democracy ' and it * can * be open to abuse like currently indicated in poland . 
  this is a pretty weak basis for your allegation . 
  quotation needed . 
  i guess you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  wasnt france at 2.0 even ? 
  well , it is still disputed . 
  but the wide consensus seems to be that the president has the power to do this if the law is formally unconstitutional . 
  it will be packed , but i guess the location would still be great . 
  actually the refusal is covered by the constitution . 
  but not explicitly and only for formal objections against the law in question . 
  actually the low operational count is partly caused * because * planes are in maintenance . 
  quite a few are currently getting updated software , until they got this they are declared `` non-operational '' . 
   what are the drawbacks of german system ? 
  there are some minor issues with negative vote weight and overhang seats ( and their counterbalance measures ) can increase the size of the parliament significantly . 
  the parliament is meant to have 598 seats , we are sitting at 631 currently . 
  future changes in the vote outcomes can cause this number to increase even further . 
  we are not really able to prevent this as we run into severe problems with negative vote weight without counteracting overhang seats . 
  reducing the number of seats is also not possible . 
  we have 299 constituencies , all being somewhat of equal size . 
  the average constituency has around 300k inhabitants , we are not able to change this due to the fact that these constituencies do not cross the borders of states . 
  since bremen has close to 600k inhabitants , we have to choose between cutting the seats in half or going on with increased numbers . 
  the system is still pretty decent though . 
  the only real debate we are having currently is whether the 5 % threshold should be removed or not . 
  well , for actions like this , no international coalition is required and it will thus not involve germany . 
  what is the point in military success if it does n't lead to political success ? 
  if the latter ca n't be achieved there is no point in armed engagement . 
  not really . 
  the development is distorted by the exchange rates . 
  yes , but the per capita gdp still decreases . 
  i did not mean to discredit the whole industry . 
  it is just that these ` flagship products ' were somewhat a failure in terms of export success while competitors have been much more successful in these areas . 
  airbus is a bit of a special case that had its ups and downs . 
  given the exports restrictions in germany , i do not think it is unimaginable that a large share of the manufacturing will move to france . 
  we will see . 
  not entirely . 
  a single medium-sized carrier does not guarantee you an independent foreign policy as its capabilities and deployment periods are rather limited . 
  only the us has these capabilities and it will remain that way until china and/or india are fit to build up similar capacities . 
  many people talk about leopards . 
  in ww2 , people talked about specific tank types as well , caused by propaganda in large parts . 
  my point remains . 
  they are nice to have , but it 's not a grave necessity . 
  operating without carriers needs more calculation and preparation . 
  mosul was not unpredictable . 
  even that needs qualification , especially the trade balance needs to be taken in accord when talking about nominal gdp . 
  if a country manages to reach autarky ( even though utopic ) , it simply does not matter how much it 's gdp is in nominal terms . 
  generally you are correct . 
  pzkpfw is an accurate abbreviation that was commonly used during ww2 . 
  common speech will always be tank/panzer though . 
  of course it depends on where you want to deploy the jets . 
  however , at least germany has little interest in military involvements that are even further away . 
  and yes , carriers can respond immediately , the question is how much this is needed today as we are fighting less and less symmetrical conflicts . 
  it seriously does not matter if you can bomb isis within two days or two weeks . 
  as i said .
