  reform of employment laws may make somewhat of a difference but it 's certainly not going to turn greece 's labour market around if it 's still being strangled by their bailout terms . 
  the youth unemployment was over 30 % before the first bailout package . 
  and i do not think that labour law reform is some kind of magic trick that will fix this problem in a few days - but it is one of the roots of the problem . 
  had they reformed in time , they would be in much better condition . 
  that 's why i say you should blame previous governments , not other countries . 
  well , the euro was modelled after the deutschmark . 
  but no , it was n't an `` extension of germany by other means '' - we did not even want the euro in the first place . 
  i am aware of these things . 
  but we do not really have a way to `` punish '' the people that are responsible for greece being in this position in the first place . 
  this is the task of the greek people , greek courts and greek politicians . 
  as for punishing the greek people - i do not like us doing that , but what is the alternative ? 
  the punishment is n't the aim , it is the consequence . 
  less austerity would mean more spending from our side - which simply is n't politically feasible in most of europe . 
  and no , i do not think that the greek people are `` perfectly innocent '' . 
  they elected these politicians . 
  they were responsible for corruption and nepotism . 
  they were responsible for falling for the same shit over and over again . 
  youth employment - this is a widespread phenomenon in europe that does n't have a singular cause . 
  i think it would be more justified to blame the ( previous ) greek governments for not being able to create conditions where significant numbers of jobs could be created in greece . 
   not to mention having a country in deep depression literally benefits no one whatsoever . 
  it is not like this has been the aim . 
  well , yeah , no , thats bullshit . 
  bullshit of the worst kind . 
  they should have taken the money they used to draft this worthless `` study '' and spent it on their unemployed instead . 
  they can declare it illegal and inhumane as much as they want - there is no international and relevant court that would agree with them . 
  there is no court that could nullify the demands of greeces creditors . 
  if greece considers it illegal , they have the option to stop any payments - but that would mean that they are in default and it would mean that they would get thrown out of the eu , most likely . 
   you ca n't have everybody running a balanced trade account when some countries export way too much . 
  for every country that exports way too much we need a country that imports way too much , unless you plan on exporting to a martian civilization . 
  total balance is unrealistic anyways . 
  it is still a good goal . 
   what you do you propose , a ban on german exports once it 's equal to its imports ? 
  i do n't . 
  honestly , at the moment the problem is less us exporting too much than other european countries exporting too little . 
  should germany scale down its exports right now , the market share would be taken over by japan/south korea/the us , not by other european countries . 
  and you did n't answer mine . 
  i 'll leave this to more intelligent/educated people , but so far the proposals are either not politically feasible or , well , austerity . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   you assume we already know what is a good and what is a bad reform . 
  and we do . 
  judicial reform in a country with problems in this sector will improve the quality of life for everyone . 
   also , it does n't really matter what you do if you decide to embrace globalism , at some point you will not be able to compete with china , no matter what you reform . 
  this is all but certain . 
   and i would add that the whole system is broken because it 's controlled by economy and money and not life quality . 
  with immigration and multiculturalism , we are living in something that will be recorded as a ideological failure , like a 21 century communism , and will collapse as well . 
  lol . 
   this is a great stimulus to internal production , local economy and also to export more goods . 
  it is widely discussed in economics books . 
  thats the usual nonsense . 
  the reason why the internal production left in the first place was because you were not able to produce cheaply or good . 
   it is absolutely not . 
  nobel prize winner joseph stiglitz has been quite eloquent on the subject and he pinpointed that most of our country 's economic problems are due to an exceptionally strong currency . 
  i lived through both lira and euros , and i experienced first hand the loss purchasing power upon entering the eurozone . 
  it is also true that we might suffer a little short term , and you 've been honest saying that long term will be better . 
  i have not said that it * will * be better . 
  it * could * be better , who knows ? 
  the outcome entirely depends on what measures you take and what happens in the world . 
  it is not possible to predict the outcome . 
   this is true , and it 's more true even now : germany is doing great and damaging other economies meanwhile . 
  it 's been doing only its interests , and if you do n't realize this , you might as well experience the fall of european union . 
  i believe brexit and all the populist movements are largely due to the extremely selfish policies of some countries . 
  brexit was very much home-made . 
  and if you think that germany is only going for its own interests - a purely german-focused policy would be much , much worse . 
  we are talking about countries that are pretty close to their debt ceiling . 
  greece did not have the option to spend its way out of the crisis , and italy likely does n't either . 
  not really , no . 
  labour market reforms , reforming the judicial system , reforming the tax system - all of these things help a country . 
  thing is : where does the money come from ? 
  you can not apply expansionist policy when you lack the money/central bank for it . 
  have we infringed with the policy of the ecb ? 
  no , we did not . 
  we are free to complain - we wo n't change the policy . 
  does n't change the fact that i agree with the statement , 
  i 'd say no . 
  i do n't agree with varoufakis a lot , but i think he got one thing right : joining the euro was a mistake , leaving it would be devastating . 
   this is really broad generalization , any particular examples ? 
  greek capital imports prior to the euro amounted to around 3-4 % of bip prior to the euro . 
  during the euro , they climbed to 15 % ( and dropped below 0 % due to the debt crisis ) . 
  until the summit of madrid in 1995 where the euro was essentially announced , greece experienced 20 years straight with an inflation rate above 10 % . 
   furthermore , perhaps being competitive stems from different sources ? 
  like , society having different approach to life , different priorities than , you know , producing more . 
  i do not contest that . 
  this is why there were some articles about how germany tries to force a germanic way of life on southern europe to fix its problems . 
  we undeniably have different mindsets about different things and yes , they contribute to our diverging levels of competitiveness . 
  you however can not deny that some approaches are outright lethal for the economies . 
  like the constant strikes and incompetent authorities in greece . 
   i 'm not sure how you can prove that 10/10 devaluation and inflation are always bad . 
  i am not saying that . 
  currency revaluation is an important tool of monetary policy . 
  the countries in the ez however chose to trade this power in favour of other benefits . 
  excessive exports are not required , balanced trade would be desirable . 
  countries like greece are miles away from that however . 
  and no , internal reforms can fix problems without monetary transfers . 
  competitiveness is n't gained overnight .
