  there are no chlorine chickens or gmo companies the public will be afraid of . 
   agreed . 
  which really invalidates the op article . 
  extreme scenarios in both directions are pointless . 
  the uk would neither get no trade deal at all nor conditions as good as the ones for member states . 
  there is too much uncertainty in many areas to reliably predict the outcome . 
  it also does n't matter . 
  fragility is pretty abstract . 
  the eu as a trading bloc will not instantly dissolve following a possible brexit and neither will the uk . 
  in any realistic scenario , you will have the eu being the ` bigger fish ' in the pond . 
  which is all that matters for these negotiations . 
  especially considering that these negotiations would still happen during a time where the uk is part of the eu . 
  if the outcome of the referendum will be an ` out ' , it will not result in the uk immediately leaving but in a transitioning process to reduce the economical damage for both sides . 
  not as a trading bloc . 
  and no , the uk would be pretty fragile in case of a brexit ( -  2nd scottish referendum ) . 
  well , this is also a way to get towards having to pay compensation for a breach of contract . 
  will likely not be fitting for terrorist attacks . 
  does n't matter . 
  fact is that you * are * more reliant on us than we are on you . 
  even if the decline continues , this wo n't change . 
  it is illusory to believe that you can completely cut any boundaries to the continent . 
  after all , we are talking about the next decade , not about some thirty years into the future . 
   article 87a [ armed forces ]  ( 1 ) the federation shall establish armed forces for purposes of defence . 
  their numerical strength and general organisational structure must be shown in the budget . 
   ( 2 ) apart from defence , the armed forces may be employed only to the extent expressly permitted by this basic law . 
   ( 3 ) during a state of defence or a state of tension the armed forces shall have the power to protect civilian property and to perform traffic control functions to the extent necessary to accomplish their defence mission . 
  moreover , during a state of defence or a state of tension , the armed forces may also be authorised to support police measures for the protection of civilian property ; in this event the armed forces shall cooperate with the competent authorities . 
   ( 4 ) in order to avert an imminent danger to the existence or free democratic basic order of the federation or of a land , the federal government , if the conditions referred to in paragraph ( 2 ) of article 91 obtain and the police forces and the federal border police prove inadequate , may employ the armed forces to support the police and the federal border police in protecting civilian property and in combating organised armed insurgents . 
  any such employment of the armed forces shall be discontinued if the bundestag or the bundesrat so demands . 
  -- -- -- of course the use is allowed in a defensive scenario . 
  but this is limited to ` real ' war action . 
  a ` simple ' terrorist attack wont be sufficient for that however . 
  apart from that , the limits are so strict that using the army for pretty much anything bar humanitarian help inside our borders is unconstitutional . 
  this is is the result of our experiences with the military during the time of the weimar republic and during nazi germany . 
  welp thats a lot of stereotypes which are mostly wrong . 
  this statement is pretty pointless . 
  in my opinion , there is no scenario where the uk will leave ( well , if they leave ) without any kind of trading agreement . 
  it is too benefitial for both sides . 
  you are confusing the sides here . 
  the strength of a position is not determined by a positive or negative trade balance but by the importance of that trade . 
  and here the tables are turned - the eu is much more important for the uk than the uk is for europe . 
  between 40 and 50 % of uk exports go into the eu while not even 10 % of eu exports go into the uk . 
  there are also no ` charges ' for free trade deals . 
  it 's not ` pay us 10 billion and we will consider a trade deal ' . 
  trade deals are made because they are deemed benefitial for both sides . 
  no matter who is profiting more , both sides will usually have a profit from it . 
  otherwise there is no point in making deals of this kind . 
  and well , eu exporters also have no voice at the table of international legislation outside the eu , yet we are doing quite fine . 
  there are worse things . 
  especially considering that a possible eu-uk trade deal would likely include matching legislation and standards in some parts . 
  context : our constitution prohibits the use of our military inside our borders . 
  it is debated whether it could legally be used in case of a terrorist attack . 
  and you base this on what exactly ? 
  these questions are answered online . 
  you simply bring the printed out document to the embassy . 
  if you are just going for a tourist visa , you will have to answer it online and nobody is going to bother you . 
  at least this is what applies for the us . 
  a decade back , they still had these questions printed out and handed them out to you on the plane . 
   to be fair , the costs were being accounted for based on much longer life times . 
  the government really fucked the energy companies by making them shut them down up to 20 years early . 
  not really . 
  they pretty much reverted the extension of the operating time , not the originally meant operating times . 
  the companies did not build significant savings for the end of nuclear . 
   exponentially more muslims here is the fault in your equation . 
  according to scientific studies , immigrants adapt the local birth rates rather quickly . 
  second generation immigrants in germany have a birth rate that is closer to the native population than to their parents . 
  this was never my point . 
  every country is free to express concerns . 
  and my point never was that italy was n't hit somewhat severly by the sanctions . 
  however it is clear that italy is certainly not ` hit the hardest ' as russias neighbors have been hit much harder . 
  it is also not clear how much of trade value was lost due to the sanctions . 
   and iirc the us ca n't do shit without asking said questions . 
  that would be pretty sad given that it is their own law . 
  i am pretty certain that this reason is not really valid . 
  as far as i am concerned , a state can simply revoke your visa for whatever reason , its the states key competence and there is nobody preventing him from doing so . 
  he does not need some kind of ` fraudulent obtained visa ' to be able to do so . 
  airlines also operate outside the us without these questions and i doubt that they are not insured . 
  they could actually freely do so without asking these questions in the first point . 
  a state is free to revoke granted visas . 
  if others have been ` hit harder ' , italy can not be ` hit the hardest ' by definition . 
  also , german exports to russia are actually exceeding the ones of italy ( both in total and relative terms ) , yet you see noone complaining . 
  i still wonder if these questions have ever resulted in something . 
  i mean there are dumb people , but not * that * dumb . 
  countries like finland have been hit much harder . 
   i just do n't think we should forbid people from saying certain things simply because they are bullshit . 
  on that issue , our country is a bit of a special case and the treatment is justified and quite successful . 
  same for germany . 
   i do n't think so . 
  attracting advertisers is in their interest , not championing free speech to its maximum ( as far as it is allowed by law ) . 
  it is a way to alienate people and thus a way to reduce the attactiveness for advertisers . 
  people have grown highly sensible of stuff like this . 
  if they go over the top , it will lead to a public outcry . 
   i 'm not sure how much freedom admins have on their own websites like that its their service , their rules . 
  all the power the users hold is voting with their feet . 
  they have ( almost , rare exceptions apply ) no legal handle to prevent the service provider from doing anything . 
   i do n't agree that incitement to violence or hatred is the most pressing problem with the quality ( or lack thereof ) of public discourse . 
  misinformation is a far greater problem . 
  the difference is that the latter can not be influenced by legal governmental interferance . 
  people are free to spread whatever ` facts ' they want , no matter if correct or not . 
  the issue is somewhat different here .
