   how many poles works in hypermarkets in your area or white-collar as general ? 
  this i cant tell you . 
  it 's just that this `` pc '' has worked for hundreds of years . 
   it does . 
  there is no charity in displacing population for an economic benefit . 
  there is no economic benefit in this . 
  if it was an eonomic benefits in the end , it would be great . 
  but it certainly has n't been the reasoning . 
   your leader called for themselves to come . 
  [ she did n't ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ )  yes , and quoting wikipedia at that . 
  is that forbidden , do i need to apply somewhere to be granted the right to read about your country ? 
  being technically correct , the best kind of correct . 
  go read the link . 
  i have read it and it says that you are incorrect . 
  i have to say i really did n't like this women in the past . 
  but she seems to be quite competent in most things she does . 
  she is managing the army better than her two predecessors . 
  yes , she made some mistakes , but i do n't think they have been too severe . 
   ( if the latter accepts her ) seehofer has realized that they need to support merkel if they want to succeed . 
  it is up to him to bring his party back in line . 
   how come someone more dynamic has n't come to the forefront ? 
  well , who is going to do it ? 
  amongst the ministers , there is only one that would have enough backing in the party and the population to do it - and you wo n't like it but that 's sch\u00e4uble . 
  but he seems to be very loyal to merkel after she kept him despite him temporarily having severe health problems ( not talking about the wheelchair ) . 
  the other ministers would probably lose an internal fight against merkel . 
  plus she is still the preferred choice of most germans . 
  germans generally are sceptical to people revolting against their leaders , especially while in government . 
  in fact , i think this has only happened once in our recent history ( erhard ) . 
   wrong . 
  refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they go past the first safe country . 
  this does not change the reasoning for taking them in . 
  not at all . 
   also you 're not helping them by taking them further away from the home they have to rebuild . 
  how did we ` help ' them ? 
  they came here themselves . 
  we did not offer shuttle service from turkey to germany . 
   wrong . 
  only time has to be consumed . 
  and passing time sucking on the system is easy . 
  the parents will not have it granted . 
  the children will have it automatically in eight years . 
  you are not trying to argue with me about the laws of my country are you ? 
  there is no automatism - refugees do not necessarily have a permanent residence permit . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  passing time alone wo n't help the adults . 
   congratulations , you had turks ghettos , you now have syrian ghettos . 
  do not fool yourself and think integration is possible . 
  countless places in europe can show you how wrong you are . 
  these are the neighbourhoods where police has to take special protection for themselves . 
  the only thing the immigrants towards france have in common with the current refugees is that they have ( somewhat ) the same faith . 
   but now you have leveled the market to the lowest possible salaries . 
  what is wrong with wanting people to make more than the bare social minimum ? 
  this has n't happened . 
  and it wo n't happen due to our employment situation . 
  there are too many positions open to cause any decrease in salaries . 
   also , they ca n't really go anywhere and are barely making any money ; you might as well already declare them slaves . 
  how is that for being charitable ? 
  this is inaccurate ? 
  good . 
  we need at least one pillar of stability in uncertain times like this . 
  think of merkel whatever you want , but it is in the interest of the eu ( including all other states ) to have a strong german leader during the brexit negotiations and while dealing with trump . 
  for what it 's worth , i think this should be her last term . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  some did . 
  but this does n't change the fact that these routes are closed by now . 
   so these 50 000 probably still cost us money ... 
  even if they do - its like ten times better than them just sitting around doing nothing . 
   are romanians and bulgarians so bad that you guys have to import from syria ? 
  the point of taking in refugees was never related to labour . 
  we did not take them in because we need workforce but based on humanitarian reasons . 
   the problem is , once you guys begins granting citizenship they will be free to roam in countries that did not support your decision . 
  you are aware that the path towards german citizenship is n't easy ? 
  the hurdles are higher than in many other european countries . 
  amongst other things , it requires the ability to live without government benefits for a long period of time - it is only possible to accomplish with continuous employment . 
   why not take polish people ? 
  why dilute the eu identity ? 
  why admonishing cruel treatment to greece ? 
  you do know that we employ quite a lot of polish people ? 
  they are still free to come here and apply for the open positions . 
  [ he seems alright ] ( http://www.demorgen.be/politiek/stefan-rummens-we-moeten-de-tegenstelling-links-rechts-in-ere-herstellen-b07b10c8/ ), 
  given that we are near full-employment and that we will experience a decline in workforce very soon - not going to happen . 
  plus do n't forget that the lower end is limited already by the minimum wage . 
   when last month the ceta discussion passed trough our country , our commissioner , marianne thyssen , explained on television that these talks had been going on for years and that now was a bit late to start throwing remarks . 
  the problem that now becomes apparent is that we , the citizens , have only known about this for a couple of days . 
  no one has informed us , so we do not know whether we should be happy or sad with these new trade agreements . 
  this lack of theater , and thus lack of information flow , is the big problem with the eu . 
  there are a few issues here : first of all , the talks have always been secret . 
  even when the countries still conducted trade talks on their own , the debate did not happen before the deal was finished . 
  secondly - you can only blame your media and own politicians for this . 
  cetas text has been known for * over a year * and both the eu and canada have published sources explaining the agreement . 
  this really is n't the fault of the eu or of `` backroom politics '' . 
   on national level , this is possible by making a stronger europe . 
  this may seem paradoxical , but consider these two examples : from time to time , countries undercut each others corporate taxes in a race to the bottom , so they can attract more investments . 
  if europe were to set a minimum , this would stop the competition , keep the numbers within reason and releave some pressure on these economies . 
  competition is not necessarily a bad think . 
  i am in favor of setting a minimum , but this wont ever be politically feasible - you would have to throw out ireland , the netherlands and a few other countries to accomplish this . 
   second example : some years ago , germany had basically no minimum wage by using flexi-jobs , and was undercutting all neighbors . 
  again by setting a minimum , everything can stay within reason and countries will no longer compete with each other .
