  but still way too much . ~ ~, 
  true . 
  but we have already increased the pension age , we are at least doing steps in the right direction . 
  we are also gradually putting more empasis on personal retirement funds . 
   what happened if he stops working in his job in germany ? 
  all his rights are thus ended ? 
  he can still vote in regional elections , he can still use the german health insurance . 
   would this mean that suddenly poland would have to start paying him even though his residency is in germany ? 
  no , he or she would be entitled to unemployment benefits in germany . 
  not really . 
  overall , it is still negative . 
  what you said is true for our recent debt , but it is n't true for the whole * bundesschuld * . 
  we might see our debt generating a surplus in the future , but i really hope we wo n't . 
  simply because the only reason that our yields are negative is the economic uncertainty and instability in europe . 
  if europe recovers ( especially the south ) , we will see our interest rates increase again . 
  which would be positive in this regard ( it would also mean that interest for the average citizen would increase again , which would be nice ) . 
  exactly . 
  we would have to pay this for like two generations . 
  let 's say 45 years . 
  that 's over 11 trillion euros or 300 % of our gdp . 
  the mechanical sound itself is also quite relaxing . 
  honestly , i have no clue . 
  this is not a field i have major expertise in . 
  you ca n't be elected for example . 
  it is not yet clear whether some of our fundamental rights apply to eu citizens . 
  you have to know that some of our fundamental rights only apply to german citizens while others apply to everybody . 
  art . 
  18 tfeu however dictates that eu citizens can not be held to a lower standard than nationals . 
  our constitutional court has already confirmed that some fundamental rights are open to eu citizens , but it is not yet clear if this applies to all of them . 
  you also can not become a soldier as the european armies are generally only accepting nationals ( the foreign legion being an exception ) . 
  eu citizens can be excluded from recieving benefits for a few months . 
  i am sure that there are also further differences . 
  for a general overview , [ check wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union ) . 
   all combined that 's a lot of money . 
  it really is . 
  but hey , there are brilliant minds in the researching communities . 
  i 'll trust them to come up with something that can help us overcome these problems . 
  not quite . 
  there are some further restraints on citizenship rights . 
  but yeah , essentially you should be treated more or less like a national . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how retiring in another eu country works however . 
   eventually , the system must collapse . 
  actually there is a way around it . 
  somewhat . 
  it requires gradual downscaling of reliance on state pensions while increasing the focus on private funds . 
   maybe germany is a bad example , what happens in other countries where the health insurance is paid by the state ? 
  well , where 's the issue ? 
  if you work in e.g. 
  sweden , you also pay your taxes in sweden . 
   there is also more to citizenship rights than just healthcare , what about those ? 
  as a eu citizen , you are generally allowed to vote in regional elections , but you are not allowed to vote in the national elections . 
  which seems fair to me . 
   am confused about the wiki post , these are one time payments ? 
  monthly . 
  child benefits are generally payed from a childs birth until it has finished its education ( so up to 26 years ) . 
   his healthcare insurance , for example , but not be comparable with his german worker counterparts . 
  he will be insured in germany if he works here . 
  our health care is payed in part by the employer and in part by the employee . 
  german wage , german health insurance . 
   in what sense ? 
  [ look here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/child_benefit#comparison_in_europe )  can you explain the movement of labor within the eu ? 
  there really is n't much to explain here . 
   it seems absurd that one by law can move and work in a certain country ( ie germany from poland ) yet not posses the same rights of citizenship in the host country ( ie germany ) . 
  well , why should that be an issue ? 
  depends on a variety of things . 
  but i would argue that it will break apart no matter what . 
  even if we raised the pension age to 70 immediately in 2031 , we would likely not be able to offset the problems of the demographic crisis . 
  what matters is that the baby boomers are set to retire in around ten to twenty years which will cause a massive change in the ratio of people paying and recieving pensions . 
  pair that with a significant decline in workforce and we have our problem . 
   will the recent immigration change anything for the better ? 
  totally depends on how many people can actually be employed . 
  i would not put my faith on the refugees in this regard . 
  but the regular migration is a good start . 
  the german pension fund spent 266 billion euros in 2014 , 239 billions on pensions . 
  at the same time , it collected 202 billions from people paying into the pension fund and 61.4 billions from the government . 
   but the opportunity cost of that $ 90b is a lot , whether or not it 's only 25 % of current pension expenses , which is a silly comparison btw . 
  when talking about long-term sustainability of our pension system ( which is all this article is about ) , it is the only thing that matters . 
  the only significant question is : can we afford our pension sytem ? 
  and the answer to this question does not rely on a difference of 90 billion euros . 
   look , i hope the refugees and migrants turn out to be stellar members of society and give more than they take . 
  i truly do . 
  i do n't think they will , but this has never been the point for taking them in in the first place . 
   those pension expenses are the annuities owed to citizens who spent their life paying taxes and being economically active - it 's money invested , and used to create wealth during that time , now being repaid . 
  you seriously fail to understand our pension system . 
   this $ 90b is flowing the other direction . 
  it 's an additional expense covered by the government of germany to newcomers , much of which will never be seen again . 
  as i have already told you , this money went right back into the economy and thus partly into our pension funds . 
  -- -- -- there is seriously no point in talking about the refugee crisis when it comes to the effects of our pension system . 
  as i have outlined , the fiscal effect is too marginal to have an effect on the pension system . 
  you know what 's funny ? 
  our fertility rate is increasing as well , actually we are still slightly above japans level . 
  and we are investing in automation as well . 
  your point being ? 
  as i have said elsewhere : the current crisis we are facing can not be solved by higher fertility . 
  a higher fertility will solve the problems of the next generation , but this is not the problem that we are facing . 
   why ca n't we subsidize pensions ? 
  we already do that at times . 
  the matter is that the gap is set to eventually grow so big that we can not reasonably fill it with money from our general budget anymore . 
   this particular think tank is ` open society ' , owned by george soros who currently pretty much dictates the us/eu policy on migration . 
  conspiracy much .
