  nevertheless they were more exposed to the financial crisis than we were . 
   and then you come into this subreddit and every german falls over himself to defend this ridiculous arrangement as sound economics . 
  maybe it 's because there are also economists agreeing with that standpoint . 
  and it is rather easy for us to defend internal devaulation : we as an economy are better off than ten years ago . 
  which is essentially all that matters . 
   then we increase tariffs . 
  the eu has no ethical problems with that ( see protectionism of agriculture ) . 
  this is very difficult given that we have trade agreements in place . 
  it is also not a desirable scenario . 
  especially not for germany . 
  tariffs generally result in tariffs from the other side . 
  which is poisonous for our economy . 
   but for germans they become comparatively cheaper if they germany has a stronger currency . 
  as do jaguars , vauxhalls , fiats , skodas etc. . let me start with saying that vauxhall is essentially opel for driving on the left side . 
  the german car market is relatively unique . 
  even when we had the mark prior to the euro , the share of the mentioned brands was rather minor . 
  germans generally buy german . 
  or skoda . 
  but the czech republic has no unemployment or economic problems . 
   olive growers in greece sell less oil than they could , as their exports are unreasonably expensive , due to having a currency that is far too strong for them . 
  i can not leave this argument standing . 
  greece is competing with italy and spain for the olive oil market. , both of which have higher salaries than greece . 
  yet in germany , 70 % of the olive oil [ sold in germany is from italy ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/no-greek-olive-oil-in-german-supermarkets/a-16374878 ) . 
  there certainly is potential for them . 
  the top three olive oil producers of the world are all in the euro , none of them has a comparative export advantage due to their currency . 
  european countries account for 70 % of the worldwide production . 
  and they arguably produce the finest olive oils . 
   but even in manufacturing industries , there 's still the snowballing effect of r&d budgets / capacity for acquisitions , as you 're preventing other countries from competing on price . 
  let me start with saying that greece has effecively elimitated every attempt of creating auto industry inside its borders . 
  they used to produce relatively successful cars that were a susccess in export . 
  yet this industry was killed by strikes and the government ( which did not manage to grant this car a license to be operated in greece ) . 
  similar things happened to foreign investors opening factories there - the employees effectively closed them themselves by being unreasonable when it came to demanding wage increases and going on strike . 
  yes , the r&d budgets are important . 
  yes , we have a huge advantage in this sector . 
  but who says that they need to compete in manufacturing ? 
  there surely are other areas where germany is not as strong . 
  and even when we talk about cars - europeans are willing to buy very cheap cars like dacia or some kias . 
  germany is not even competing in that market . 
  tata motors can serve as an example for a car company being built up from scratch . 
  by entering joint ventures with german car makers , they managed to accelerate the process . 
  this should be possible for other countries . 
  it is extremely difficult or even impossible to beat germany on quality and image in that area - so just go for being the cheapest . 
  portugal has a median wage of 700 $ compared to 1800 in germany . 
  you can not tell me that they have to rely on devaluating their currency to become competitive . 
   it just not how we are wired . 
  i know , but generally this is how things are supposed to go . 
  at least according to economic models . 
  which already shows how these models fall short . 
  only sweden has a higher [ household saving rate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-datasets/-/tsdec240 ) than we do . 
  germans would probably keep their money in bank accounts at 0 % instead of consuming more things that they would n't have consumed otherwise . 
  the only way to reliably increase consumption is increasing wages . 
   if we want or need a new bed we would buy it regardless how much our money currently earns ... . unless its a ridiculous 20 % or something . 
  but whether or not you get 1 % instead of 2 or 3 or 4 really doesnt makes difference . 
  thats only like an extra 10euro for every 1000 saved . 
  true . 
  well , make specific suggestions . 
  suggestions that can actually be agreed upon . 
  abolishing limits on budget deficits and the policing of the ecb are not realistic . 
   well , germany loses jobs of course , because it 's economy is artificially inflated at the small cost of about 20 eu countries , which would gain jobs . 
  this is not yet said . 
  us losing market share does not directly translate to better conditions for southern europe . 
  it is very much possibe that it will be japan and the us replacing us in these markets . 
   as for the car example , okay then volvo and maserati . 
  everyone buys volvos and maseratis instead of vws and high-end mercedes-benz 's . 
  still benefits the eu far more than having an artificial german monopoly . 
  volvos are equally expensive , maseratis are irrelevant due to small production numbers . 
   how will other eu countries ever catch up if their exports are uncompetitive , and imports are unreasonably cheap ? 
  by becoming more competitive . 
  nobody prevents spain from producing better goods than we do . 
   it would be in your best interests as well to figure out how to make the euro work for all of eu instead of just germany . 
  i do not disagree with that . 
  however it is one thing to say `` the euro does not work as we want it to . 
  let 's try to fix it '' - everyone can agree with that , including our government . 
  it is a totally different thing to say : `` germany is responsible , fuck 'em '' . 
  there are key factors in the euro that are non-negotiable for us , but we are open to other things . 
   but uk , nordics , germany , netherlands seem a much closer fit these countries are usually divided into three different regions : west ( uk , netherlands ) , north/nordic ( scandinavia ) , central ( germany ) . 
  i would argue that the only way to fit these together is the southern/northern europe cut , separating them below austria and switzerland . 
  about 50 % of our trade surplus originates from car exports . 
  an industry that has seen constant wage growth . 
  [ since 2005 ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/192090/umfrage/stundenlohn-in-der-automobilindustrie-in-deutschland/ ) , we have seen about 3 % annual increase . 
  the success of our auto industry is caused by other things than internal devaluation . 
  it 's not just about consumer credits . 
  if your money in the bank does not yield any interest , it becomes more attractive to spend or invest the money . 
   well no , because that balances itself through imports for germany becoming a lot cheaper the issue is that that we would lose jobs . 
  less working people -  less money to spend on imports . 
   maybe german citizens buy more renault and seat cars instead of ( the comparatively expensive due to a strong currency ) volkswagens . 
  this is the worst example you could choose . 
  people go for skoda instead of seat or volkswagen if they want a good , relatively cheap car . 
  spain could not compete with the czech republic when it comes to price . 
  close one . 
  [ hypo real estate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypo_real_estate ) . 
  essentially some kind of bad bank . 
   but it is extremely disheartening when czechs create products for germans for about 1/3 of the cost only for germans to put a `` made in germany '' label on the finished product for example ? 
   and no , the salaries for the most part are not competitive . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  a very remote one , at best . 
  nobody forced them to follow the guidelines . 
  it was a domestic decision . 
  in the same way that it was a domestic decision for switzerland to bind the chf to the euro . 
  nobody forces them to do these things .
