  unfortunately not , i am sorry . 
  i think this statistic takes some stuff into account that is not really relevant and it probably does not put enough emphasis on the cost of a vacation in a country . 
  switzerland is amazing , however it is too expensive for many people . 
  as for germany - why would so many people come here ? 
  to say anything about the significance of this , we would have to know more about mr. schrader . 
  at the end of the war , the ss was far from the ideologic empowered elite force it was at the beginning of it . 
  with this , i do not want to say that this unit was ` clean ' from racism , fashism or antisemitism , it was far from this , the point i am trying to make is that , in the later years , the ss was a lot more pervious for ` average ' people without malicious intent ( g\u00fcnter grass is a prominent example ) . 
  while this is actually sad and certainly a loss , it is nothing that would harm you in your daily life i guess . 
  better this way than the other way around  ( i know the same problem , i have family living in the us , they are able to speak a tiny bit of german , but never learned to communicate fluently in it , which is unfortunate ), 
  does this report include the hit switzerlands tourism industry took since they stopped linking the chf to the euro ? 
  iran-style sanctions can only work if they included europe . 
  the us is relatively insignificant as a trading partner for russia . 
  the eu , however , would face major economic setbacks if it joined these sanctions . 
  i disagree with the notion that military support for ukraine would actually solve much . 
  the deployment of us weaponry would promt more ` vacation equipment ' from the other side , further escalating the conflict . 
  even though i can understand why he wants to include ukraine in the nato , there is no point in including a failed state currently . 
  furthermore , it is all nice if he can write this in an article , however his previous actions and statements pointed in a different direction . 
  also , i do not know enough about us politics , is there even a majority in the gop for this ? 
  even though i support this notion , it would require the british political culture to change . 
  to change a lot . 
  my impression was that coalition governments are still seen as somewhat unnatural in the mind of many british people . 
  also , we had the question popping up if it would be consitutional if a party that did not win the majority of votes formed the government ( of course it is constitutional , however the fact alone that this question is being asked says something about common views on the issue ) . 
  they would have to get accustomed to coalitions with all positive and negative side effects , less stable governments ( not necessarily , but likely ) and other stuff that comes with this voting type . 
  why does greece get cool stuff like this and we dont ? 
  :( on a more serious note , if it actually helps the collecting of taxes , 20 million annualy is pretty much nothing ( unless it does not generate more tax payments ), 
  [ i found this one ] ( http://econ.economicshelp.org/2007/03/benefits-of-european-union.html ) , however i just went over it really quickly and i do not know if all of it is accurate . 
  however , even if you take the economic considerations in there out of the equation , the other points are pretty valid . 
  so everyone gets 20 $ if he wins or is the amount of money you get connected to the amount spent ? 
  you mean npd not ndp . 
  wasnt there a list of pro-russia ( pro-putin ) parties posted several times ( excerpt from a newspaper or something ) here ? 
  the negotiating position for the uk is better if the negotiations are made with the largest economic market in the world backing it up . 
  of course we should not limit our horizon to the eu but trade with the whole world , however the eu will , in the foreseeable future remain the most important market for the uk . 
  switzerland is somewhat a bad example , they are too much of a different country in different circumstances and in a much smaller scale . 
  check my edit , i added some more stuff . 
  i 'd argue that the uk is more connected to the eu market than it is to the canadian market . 
  it does n't help you if you speak with the same voice if there is no economic reasoning behind it . 
  also , the eu market is on a whole different level than the canadian one ( sizewise ) there is not that much of a reaction ( that is wrong after reading it again , it is on top of most news , it just does not have much substance ) , mainly it was reports on the outcome . 
  there is some focus on the meaning of this election concerning the eu membership of the uk ( promised referendum ) and on the fact that cameron , while having won the election , is in a worse position , because the government is less stable . 
  the last government had a decent majority , the new one will likely only have a marginal one , making it much easier for eu-sceptics inside cameron 's party to blackmail him and influence the course of the government ( somewhat similar to the tea party in the u.s. ) . 
  also , there are reports on the flaws of your voting system . 
  some even wrote opinion papers that the uk should become more `` german '' ( federalism , voting system , coalition governments ) , i deem this completely unrealistic however . 
  because the free trade is only one thing and because a europe speaking with one voice has a better standing and better chances in the worldwide competition , be it economics or political influence . 
  also , a separation into national states would prompt the diversification of testing procedures and norms , thus implementing non-tariff trade barriers between the states . 
  furthermore , protectionism would rise , trade treaties can not completely outrule protectionism while the eu can . 
  additionally , speaking for me , i simply do not want to give up the convenience of free travel and a single currency ( for most of europe ) and i am willing to accept inconveniences and setbacks in other areas ( for example national souvereignty ) . 
  i do n't think so . 
  if the uk leaves but is able to hold on to the benefits , it would be pretty much the end of the eu . 
  because , you know , why experience the bad things of the eu if you can get out and only profit ? 
  [ according to this ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/264760/umfrage/dauerkartenpreise-in-der-bundesliga-nach-vereinen/ ) they are pretty close to being the cheapest one ( i do not know if the numbers are accurate though ) . 
  you regularily drink beer with 10 vol % ? 
  asides from that , all three of us ( uk , belgium , germany ) are [ pretty equal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) considering the total alcohol consumption per capita . 
  somewhat true . 
  however , not to the extend of like any state outside the us . 
  it is way more important for me to be able to speak english than it is for you to speak german ( unless you wan na work here ) . 
  well , is it really needed though ? 
  you are much better off if you can speak french , spanish or , even better , chinese . 
  you do not need german unless you visit central europe , and even here you should be able to get along with english fairly well . 
  well , germans , even back then , were not completely uneducated , some spoke english . 
  and vice versa , german was way more popular in the angloshphere . 
  tactical bait set up by the glorious leader !, 
  if you have a look at how much money it would have cost the uk to refit one of their carriers for another ( western ) plane ( different type though ) , i can only imagine it being a total ( expensive ) mess to change from russian to western equipment . 
  not really . 
  if anything , it has made it easier to see how different other regions are through easier travel , we also get a lot more foreign ( local ) products i guess . 
  we are trying to build two major powerlines from the north ( where the windpowered energy comes from ) to the south ( where large parts of the power-consuming industry are ) to prevent overstraining foreign power supply systems like yours . 
  however this will take some time , especially given that the government of bavaria is against it because a powerline is unpleasant for the people living nearby . 
  the power output is so high that we actually pay other countries to take our energy at peak hours ( productionwise ) . 
  its a pity that they did not start improving the infrastructure when they shifted their focus towards renewable energies , it is not like these problems were not forseeable . 
  sorry , im german , i have no humor :p in general we are pissed by the us embassies , because they always want to create a safety zone around their embassy where no cars are allowed to pass . 
  any source for this ? 
  every railway seems to have problems during winter . 
  i did not claim that vr is bad , i just think ( or hope ) that the db will change for the better over the next years ( considering comfort , price and service ) . 
  you can freely use the ice without reservation , however you can have a guaranteed seat for 4,50 $ ( it is free in first class ) , this fee will be abolished in the near future . 
  fyi the german ( real ) wages are increasing more than the eu average and more than any other big economic power in europe . 
  germany was called the sick old man of europe in the beginning of this millennium , they reacted to this by increasing competitiveness ( through holding the wages low amongst other measures ) and were relatively successful . 
  yes , they went over the top of it , but given the current development , the wages will get more and more expensive compared to the rest of the eu , thus driving down the trade surplus ( given that the current development will continue ), 
  wrong . 
  you can use the ec card outside germany , it is accepted by most atms in europe . 
  you can still get a credit card as anywhere else and it is not that hard to get a credit ( given that you have positive financial background ) . 
  ikea might have introduced its own credit lines , but this is not connected to people not getting credits at other places , it is just way more convenient . 
  car sellers , other furniture stores , electronic stores etc. 
  offer own credit lines as well ( often even at 0 % interest rate ), 
  given the amount of time db did not operate properly due to strikes over the last year , it is pretty much possible . 
  also , i expect this to change back as the db has to face the competition of buses now ( it was forbidden to operate long-distance buses that competed with the db until very recently ) . 
  they already announced to halt the increase of fare prices , they will ( eventually , this wo n't be very quick ) free wifi on the trains and they will abolish the reservation fee in the long-distance trains . 
  the u.s. is building a new embassy in berlin ? 
  but did this improvement have to do with the cost of the buliding ? 
  well , the talks are about schulz running in 2017 . 
  it is true that the cdu will likely fall into a hole in the post-merkel era , however i can not see schulz getting the support for a run in optimal circumstances . 
  if he ran for chancellorship , he would just be a throwaway candidate . 
  there is no realistic perspective of any candidate being successful as long as merkel is running ( especially not given the current state of the spd , schulz ' party ) . 
  she is just way too popular and schulz is not that popular here . 
  yes , it is possible to get into a leading position nevertheless ( our foreign minister steinmeier ran in 2009 and lost ) , however i have a hard time seeing schulz becoming a minister in germany . 
  running would be pretty much political suicide . 
  a 700 + million dollar embassy does not improve relations more than a 100 million dollar one . 
  this is the kind of building style that is damned to seem old and ugly from the next decade on . 
  why do we get all these posts from suspicious/new accounts ? 
  however , ** united states of europe ** . 
  i dont think so . 
  there is a lot of military-related stuff posted here and it is usually rather well-recieved . 
  ( including broomstick jokes and stuff ),
