  wow . 
  thats one serious american pro-gun perspective on the issue . 
  i guess something like this would never happen in iraq , which is # 7 in guns per capita or saudi arabia which is # 6 . 
  your post does not make sense to me . 
  you say that you hope ukip will win because they will stop immigration . 
  you then proceed to say why it is wrong to assume that immigrants get more kids as they adopt to society , which is like one of the most widespread arguments against immigration . 
  this does not make his points more or less valid . 
  essentially you are right , but i 'd argue that the respect for and the influence of britain have suffered severely during the last legislative period . 
  can we please replace `` popular '' by `` sold '' ? 
  also , this is not really representative for a country like germany , you would need to split germany into parts as regional beers are usually the preferred ones . 
  as a result , one of the beers that is sold germany-wide wins while it is actually isnt the most popular beer anywhere . 
  well , we can call ourselves lucky that no newspaper claimed a war entry against russia then . 
  we have a state that is rather badly managed and somewhat a fiscal black hole - bremen . 
  it is rather small though . 
  the main difference is - we actually have fiscal transfers here . 
  but even that is being disputed by the federal states paying that money . 
  hm ... why did n't bulgaria do this then ? 
   so far it has not succeeded in its goals . 
  qe is active for three weeks and the deflation already shrinked from 0.6 % in january and 0.3 % in february to 0.1 % in march . 
  however , i am no economy major , so there might also be other effects playing into this . 
  we will see how it develops over the next months . 
  some might , but they are not that bold to fake a statement from a direct conversation with a minister . 
  they might take some things out of context , but this statement does not really change with any context . 
  the eu will continue trying everything to prevent a southstream pipeline in the currently proposed form . 
  gazprom being both the supplier and operator ( even if not completely alone ) of the pipeline is against eu law and this does not change if the pipeline goes to greece . 
  merkel could say whatever she wants on this issue , it is not in her power to move germany into a transfer or full political union . 
  you would need to change our constitution for it , and i do not see the ( qualified ) majority for this at the moment . 
  also , i do not see any country giving up on their budget right . 
  and even if germany were to agree to this , proud nations like france or the uk will not give in to any of that in the forseeable future . 
  there we would be at the same point as the us were 240 years ago . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  there will be no transfer union unless the `` giving '' countries have a strong say on what is done with `` their '' money . 
  of course , breaking up is not part of the script , but the ecb and the ez governments will have a plan what to do in case of a grexit . 
  in the end it will be the rich profiting anyways . 
  sad , but true . 
  as i said previously , new bills for the rest of the ez would solve all these problems , i 'd argue that the coins are neglectable ( even though there are a lot of them , but reissuing new coins would a bit over the top ) . 
  also , nobody hoards enormeous amounts of coins . 
  id argue that they can pull out without stripping their citizens of their euros . 
  i am no specialist for the greek constitution , however , i would argue that such a law would be unconstituional . 
  in art . 
  17 of the greek constitution , it says that property can be confiscated if it is in accordance with the public interest , however , this action is for the benefit of the rest of the euro zone and not for the benefit of greece or the greek citizens . 
  might be true , but this is probably better in / r/travel where you already posted , / r/europe is not really the proper sub for this . 
   that 's why there would have to be strong incentives and fines for people that do not comply . 
  i think you will not get through with this . 
  this would be outlawed by the greek and european courts pretty quickly . 
  well , the greek government under syriza had these problems before , with ministers saying stuff they better should n't say in public . 
  it would honestly pretty stupid to lie about something that you claim has been directly said to you . 
   the best way to stop people holding euros is to incentivise them to change them into new drachma quickly . 
  no sane person would do that . 
  even a 12 year old will understand that any new currency will devaluate a lot in the first time . 
  honestly the only `` real '' option i see in this case is to issue new euro notes for the remaining ez countries . 
  this would essentially solve the `` hiding '' of euro bills without a need for any police action or the outlawing of ownership of a foreign currency . 
  this would need to happen during the time greece has closed its borders . 
  however , this will still harm some people who wont be able to exchange their money on time as there cant be later exchanges like in the introduction of the euro ( our central bank still accepts dm / $ exchanges to this day ), 
  of course the solution has to be `` more europe '' . 
  however , even if the solution to the crisis is `` more europe '' , there is no political will for `` more europe '' bofore the crisis is `` solved '' . 
  you would effectively have to close the borders of that country for days or even weeks . 
  however , i would argue that it is `` too late '' for this as a large portion of the savings has already been transferred to other eu countries and will thus not be affected . 
  also , how are you going to prevent people from holding euros ? 
  you cant search every flat for euros with the police ( if that even would be lawful ) . 
  depends on how it would play out . 
  i am not in favor of a grexit , however i think the stability of the euro might be more endangered by the economy of a country posing a constant threat to it compared to getting rid of a country . 
  it was indeed . 
  however , i would wish for a bit more in-depth comment from him on the issue . 
  out of all the heavyweight us investors/econonomists he seems to be one of the most reasonable considering the euro crisis . 
  he not focussed solely on his own interest , opposed to some others who expressed their `` opinion '' on the issue . 
  a `` good thing for the euro '' might pretty much be a bad thing for greece and some other ez countries . 
   more likely , europe will declare any greek issued bill as a false currency and people will have to check the back of their coin and their banknotes numbers as a lot of `` false '' money with perfect quality will suddently be in circulation . 
  i think this is extremely unlikely since it would somewhat destroy the trust in the currency . 
  nobody wants to check for the printery/issuing country code every time he recieves a euro bill . 
  also , this would strip people of their money . 
  in addition , the `` problem '' would likely not be the circulating currency but the money the greek citizens and companies deposited in the the rest of europe ( and who would blame them for doing so , it is just logical with a possible grexit/greccident on the horizon ) . 
  wow , thank you . 
  i think what would be more interesting would be the salaries in ppp and in relation to the average income in that countries . 
  nevertheless , i 'd argue that most of the salaries are still way too low . 
  passing a bill without having the majority doesnt make much sense , does it ? 
   what 's wrong with majority voting ? 
  the fact that it will usually lead to a two-party system . 
   i feel like making them illegal could lead to a situation where the money still flows but in a way we ca n't track . 
  you dont wan na tell me that everyone can keep track of all super-pacs , and even if , it does not really change the outcome in the end . 
  it is certainly not possible to shovel 6 bln . 
  $ into politics behind the scenes without anybody noticing it . 
  it really is time that this gets started , the natural resources have been known for decades and pretty much nothing came from it . 
  and this would accomplish what exactly ? 
  besides all the fundamental debates that have no easy answer ( nuclear power , nukes , arms exports , role of foreign policy etc. , labor unions , retirement age ) , this would not solve anything . 
  however , it would heavily decrease the influence of these countries in the eu as germany alone is already at the maximum number of seats . 
  well , fortunately the leadership has pretty much killed its own movement . 
  wow . 
  i honestly never met any . 
  please note that i am not a follower of the pegida movement , in fact i despise most of it . 
  the translation might not be 100 % accurate , but i think it comes pretty close . 
  however , you need to understand that everything that the followers of pegida aswell as most of its leaders showed and expressed is more radical and right-wing than what these theses might be indicating . 
  you should not use these theses to build up an opinion on them . 
  i am open towards corrections . 
  [ ... ] = annotations 1 . 
  protection , preservation and respectful dealing towards our language and culture . 
  stop to the political or religious radicalism , the islamization , the genderization and the early age sexualization . 
  creation and strict execution of a new law on immigration based on demographic , economic and cultural points . 
  qualified immigration ( instead of the current quantitive-based mass-immigration ) modelled after the swiss or canadian system . 
  decrentral accommodation of war refugees and victims of political or religous persecution , in accordance with the municipal capabilities and the social prognosis of the asylum seeker .
