  if i am not mistaken , if a woman in sweden reports that her husband raped her 150 times , then it will count as 150 rapes where other countries count this as one . 
   how about only swedish statistics : a 1400 % increase of rape incidents in the last decade . 
  without knowing whether the process changed , this is not exactly meaningful . 
   it has been in the global `` leadership '' in rape statistics you know that these numbers actually mean shit as long as we do not have comparable ways of counting rapes in all countries ? 
  this is designed to provide liquidity to the market , not to buy state bonds . 
   but that 's what the us is doing the last 15 years and more . 
  it is not . 
  the situations are not comparable . 
  the fed is not buying all of the debt , the debt ratio of the us is still way below greeces and they are not devaluating other peoples money with it . 
  the system is also not desirable as it takes any pressure off the governments to balance their budgets . 
   and it works because it relieves the pressure on bond holders and the market . 
  it works because the dollar is the worlds most important reserve currency and most deals are conducted in dollars . 
   i also propose a mechanism for the future to monitor the countries ' lending . 
  and what effect does monitoring have ? 
  supposedly , the debts were monitored since the countries entered the ez . 
  with little avail . 
  any source for these claims ? 
  because financing debt with the printing press has never worked and never will , especially not if other people are essentially paying the bill . 
  saudi arabia has a military spending of 10 % of gdp . 
  this brings them close to germany in terms of spending in total numbers . 
   well , exceptations are a matter of realism , and in realistic terms i expected tsipras to make his best attempt at pushing for a better deal while trying to make the reversal of some of the nastier items of austerity a fait accompli , which mostly happened . 
  we saw how successful he was in doing so . 
   without context or explanation , none of these factoids is particularly meaningful . 
  were these people unqualified and promoted through cronysm ? 
  was the head of parliament acting illegally or exploiting some benefit unavailable to the greek population at large ? 
  it smells of nepotism . 
  all of those got into their jobs after syriza was elected , it is not like they have been in similar jobs before . 
  the only qualification they have is their relationship with someone in power . 
  it does not happen in countries where the rule of law is pursued . 
  you can not tell me that this is not nepotism . 
   as for the increase in awards . 
  yeah ... [ 1 ] yukos is a completely different example taht is not comparable to anything that we will ever again see in isds . 
  we are talking about a full expropriation without compensation here . 
   do n't get me wrong , russia is obviously an asshole for nationalizing assets , but i 'm also pretty sure that if i went to an actual court and submitted a report from my local astrologer as to my projected profits it would get thrown out instantly . 
  every constitutional state allows expropriation only when the previous owner is sufficiently compensated for it . 
  if that does not happen , you will have good chances even in a regular court case . 
  the problem is that russias judiciary is not exactly known as reliable . 
   and when quebec said `` no '' to fracking , lone star decided it was n't canadian at all , but a us company instead and used the isds clause in nafta to sue the canadian government . 
  you are simplifying things . 
  the isds case ( which is not decided yet anyways ) is * not * targeted at the fracking ban . 
  it is merely targeted at the fact that the law in question deprived lone star of exploration licenses that were already granted to them without compensation . 
  lone pine itself , the parent company of the canada branch , is an american company by the way . 
   and the numbers definitely bear that out . 
  despite europe by and large having no isds agreements with the us , transatlantic fdi flows are huge . 
  conversely there is comparatively little investment in africa where there are a lot of isds agreements on the books . 
  you can not compare that . 
  to judge that , we will have to know how it changed in a developed country with and without isds . 
  with that argument , you could say that we do not need any trade agreement - we are already trading with the us even without ttip . 
   also , a separation of investment banking and commercial banking would be nice to have , as was done in the past , as well as lowering the amount of borrowing a bank can do in respect to its assets . 
  this is the only sane and realistic point of your post . 
   greece very nearly wiped its old political class and elected an entire new party to government . 
  it did n't win them any trust or respite , in fact it made the troika that much more intransigent . 
  somewhat true . 
  however what do you expect ? 
  if you win the election based on promises that you will tell the creditors to gtfo ... well . 
  it doesnt really benefit new relations with these creditor countries . 
  and apart from that - they are in some parts adapting the same ways as the old ruling class . 
  tsipras ' cousin became general secretary of international economics in the ministry of foreign affairs . 
  the brother of the minister of culture became advisor to the ministry of tourism . 
  the current head of parliament recieved child benefits until she was 37 . 
  claiming that they did away with all the bad things of the past is wrong and naive . 
  the problem is the history of greek politics . 
  they have a record of being corrupt , cooking books and wasting government money . 
  the experiences of the last years with the greek governments have destroyed any basis for trust that the greeks will actually implement reforms on their own . 
  fiscal transfers without the current levels of austerity would not face much opposition from germany if it was ensured that this money is not going to waste , that it is not used for presents for voters , some overpriced olympic games or in corruption for that matter . 
  this however would require some oversight from a third party which violates the greeks budget right and the state souvereignity . 
  on the other hand - it cant get much worse than the position greece is currently in , they largely abandoned souvereign national lawmaking . 
  well , its not like they had a choice left . 
  its the logical consequence of failing to implement these measures on their own . 
  ( this post is not meant to be a rant against greeks ) edit : replaced `` greece '' with `` greek politics '' in the first paragraph to prevent misunderstandings . 
   it is highly convenient to say that you do n't `` identify '' with anyone and desert , but if they are not going to stand for their communities , then who is ? 
  well , the question is if it is desirable to have even more people fighting in syria . 
  i 'd argue no . 
   what if the turks also `` do n't identify '' with erdogan , and the greek with tsipras ? 
  should everyone flee like a rat at the first hint of danger , and if so , then where does it end ? 
  this comparison sucks . 
  no matter what you think of erdogan or tsipras , neither of them wants to murder its own population or turn it into some medieval place . 
   are we ever going to reach a point when it becomes politically possible for european politicians to admit to the mistake of believing in austerity as a sound strategy during a recession ? 
  the problem is : what is the alternative ? 
  you can either have fiscal transfers and austerity or no fiscal transfers and bankruptcy . 
  both versions will significantly harm the greek economy and the greek people . 
  why would you fight for something when the outcome will be terrible no matter what ? 
  some local community defense will not be able to withstand either of the major conflict parties . 
  fighting against assad ? 
  have fun getting bombed the shit out of you . 
  fighting any other party ? 
  they will just overrun you . 
  the poor , old and ill will suffer more if you actually bring the fighting to their place . 
  and by the way - usually the majority of the male population stays the shit out of civil wars . 
  this is true for almost every civil war there was . 
  of course there has never been a civil war that has been ` clean ' . 
  of course there has never been a civil war party that was entirely ` good ' . 
  but these parties at least allowed their members to identify themselves with it . 
  now i do not say that it is necessary to fully identify yourself with the party you are fighting for - not all fighters of the communist partisans were communists through and through . 
  however they had something they fought for . 
  there is no such perspective in syria . 
  you are either fighting for a murdering regime ( assad ) , some ` army ' that is chronically underfunded and underequipped while having heavily varying tendencies in it ( fsa ) or some pseudo-religious jihadists ( al-nusra , is ) . 
  yes , great options to choose from . 
   not only do i stand by it i expected nothing else and do not expect to be able to change your mind . 
  your point is somewhat valid , however in my opinion you are putting the significance of it too high .
