   mind you , this was only a few months before they lost the elections . 
  a government is elected until the next government is sworn in . 
   http://en.europenews.dk/-mp-jesper-langballe-i-confess-81216.html langballe pleaded guilty because he did not want to to through the court hierarchy . 
  thus , this can not serve as a source as it is not clear what the higher courts would say about this . 
   http://wayback.archive.org/web/20110327183922/http://www.aei.org/doclib/20060623_otialexanderforposting_g.pdf this document does not reach any scientific standards . 
  it gives no sources , stays vague for most of the text and gives factually wrong information . 
  this document outlines the typical american free-speech attitude . 
  its not really about sane but about law-violating or not violating . 
  the expressions that fall under the laws in question will almost entirely not fall into the `` sane '' category while a lot of the not sane stuff is still ok . 
  in the end , it is up to the judges to interpret and apply the law . 
  and judging by the past usage of the law , i can assure you that people that actually get prosecuted have done a bit more than just expressing an ` insane opinion ' . 
  this is a pretty bold claim . 
  you would need to back it up with some sources . 
   so it lets us continue to believe we are a low tax country it also lets you believe that you are a small government country . 
  your public spending is almost at our level . 
  true , its not black and white . 
  there is more than just the raw numbers . 
  but then , the us also has a pretty unique system of taxing profits made outside of the country . 
  all comparative numbers aside - even if the us is on the level of europe , it does not match up with your mentality and rhetoric or with what the government provides for its citizens . 
   america has lower taxes than europe this is not entirely true . 
  it always depends on the kind of tax you are talking about . 
  the us has pretty much the highest corporate tax on earth . 
   it 's also much cheaper to start and grow a business , as wages are much lower and patent laws are much stronger . 
  well , this is a bit of a broad comparison given the different levels of payment through europe . 
  to put things into perspective : the us is [ at 716/100 ,0000 ] ( http://www.prisonstudies.org/sites/default/files/resources/downloads/wppl_10.pdf ) ( p. 3 ) . 
  and to add to this : our youth employment is decent right now , contrary to many other countries which are having severe problems in this area . 
  meaning that , in 20 years , we will have plenty of people with working experience in contrast to people who have little or no experience in other countries . 
  as did the years before that . 
  the real wage growth outpaced the growth in most european countries . 
  your gasoline costs ( which are far more important than the cost for raw oil ) are already just a fraction of our prices . 
  there is a bit more to that . 
  cutting corporate tax would be a start i guess . 
  despite the republicans ( and partly even the dems ) being very vocal about cutting taxes all the time , the corporate tax in the us is pretty much the highest in the world . 
  plus you are taxing foreign yields of your domestic companies not once but twice . 
  look at apple & co. - they have billions of dollars sitting overseas because of your ridiculous tax system . 
  you ca n't ignore the content however . 
  well , considering a violation of turkeys souvereignity and territory is legitimately not an option . 
  this is nothing obnoxious . 
   because germany would have to accept a lower trade surplus and i doubt it will . 
  our export surplus is the smallest problem when it comes to problem solving on the european level . 
   and in my view they 're to stay in germany what brings you to this conclusion ? 
  it however is factual reality that we respect the sovereign territory of our allies . 
  this wo n't change . 
  unlike greece , turkey is actually capable of handling large numbers of refugees . 
  turkey built pretty much the ` perfect ' refugee camp , they have proven that they are pretty good at it . 
  i would not entirely rule it out that a court will make some trouble , but if you apply this mindset everywhere , we could not deport to any country where the conditions are shit . 
  we hold member states to a different standard . 
   no , it would n't . 
  because turkey would be encourage to let everyone leave and then get them back - because that way , it would be much easier to send more people to europe on this one-per-one program . 
  they would n't stop anyone - it would be again their interests that 's why i doubt that it would be implemented that way . 
  even though ridiculed quite regularily , our politicians are not dumb . 
   i have no problem with turkish citizens visiting eu . 
  i have , however , a program with the fact that a certain % of them will use this occasion to slip into eu and stay here . 
  albanians , macedonians , serbians , etc are already doing this , and they are tiny countries . 
  why would n't turks take this opportunity ? 
  are they stupid ? 
  there are millions and millions of people in turkey who live in deep poverty , but they can definitely find the 150 $ an one-way plane ticket to berlin would cost . 
  any reliable data on these guys ? 
  i would argue that not much would change - it is not impossible to get a visa right now . 
  visa or not - we know who entered the country . 
  it does not make any difference to us whether they come here by visa and stay or without visa and stay . 
  pretty much . 
  but it does not help us much to do that without striking a deal first . 
  `` no you cant come here , you are from a safe country . 
  we would totally deport you now if we could , but we cant , so here is your asylum application '' . 
  this is irrelevant though if there are deals that allow us to send back people to turkey . 
   sorry to say this , but it 's naive to think this can work perfectly . 
  i do n't expect it to do that . 
  no solution is perfect . 
  far from that . 
  but given the numbers we are talking about , even an imperfect solution can give great relief . 
   how can the greek police/frontex send 4000-8000 people on a daily basis back to turkey ? 
  contrary to the situation before , they can actually just send the boats back more or less . 
  the deal would likely include a lot more action from the turkish side to prevent people from trying to get to greece . 
   why do you think people wo n't switch to the egypt-greece route ? 
  libya-italy route ? 
  morocco-spain ? 
  i am certain people would do that . 
  * however * these routes are a lot more difficult than the current one . 
  unfortunately , they are also harder to secure . 
  thus , the deal with turkey would not be a definite solution to stop the influx , but to close at least one ( the biggest ) of four doors . 
  egypt is the least concerning to me , libya-lampedusa is a lot more worrisome . 
  especially given the instability of libya , this would mean a lot of trouble . 
  but if we actually helped libya regaining their territory ( once they have finally agreed on a government of unity ) by military force , we could also significantly reduce the influx from that point . 
   the only thing that could help this version is making sure no one would get anything when they apply for asylum while reaching europe illegally - no shelter , no food allowance , etc. 
  however , that is not inhumane and could lead to humanitarian crisis , spiking crime rates , etc. 
  somewhat agreed . 
  it is nothing that we would realisticly do ( at least as germany ) . 
   and eu member states can barely agree on still or sparkling water fucking germany pushing for sparkling water !, 
  ( i like it though )  plus , it will make deportations to na countries even more difficult as the countries would hate us even more ( yay ) . 
  yeah , probably . 
  -- -- -- to sum it up : i do not believe that a deal with turkey would solve all of our problems . 
  i however think that we have to try every thing possible . 
  and quite frankly : we do not have a lot to lose here . 
  three billions a year are pretty much nothing - germany alone could pay for that with ease . 
  300k refugees a year ? 
  no issue . 
  easier visas for turkish citicens ? 
  why not ? 
  well , but for this part this can only be changed by a deal .
