  including eastern europe . 
  there are legal ways to prevent that . 
   let 's not pretend that any decision in the eu does n't come from germany well , there is a serious lack of proposals from other coutries in this policy area . 
  i doubt that renzi came up with the perfect solution for the refugee streams . 
  there ca n't be a solution for libya until there is a stable government in that country . 
   how is oxfam calculating this numbers ? 
  * for this reason , oxfam has calculated what would be a fair share , based on the size of the economy of each country . 
  * [ here ] ( https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/oxfam-fair-share-analysis-un-syria_appeal-17sept2013.pdf ) you can find out more about the calculation . 
   sry i tried to find out but seems like it 's too much effort right now . 
  the documents links to another document where you can find the source . 
   germany has experience with migration . 
  not that much actually . 
   you know how to deal with it . 
  we do n't . 
  we are trying to learn on the fly and we try to avoid the mistakes that were made when the turks came here . 
   just taking in 500k refugees within a year just for the sake of it will not work in poland . 
  well , we obviously are somewhat able to manage it . 
  but it is n't optimal either . 
   it will cause social unrest and will benefit nobody . 
  this is why we tried to persuade you to take at least * some * refugees . 
  because it would have helped to prevent people from saying that `` the rest of the eu is n't doing anything to assist us '' ( in germany -  social unrest ) . 
  it was never meant to reach large numbers . 
  you could easily have managed a few thousand people . 
  and if your governments had n't made a fuss about it , it likely would n't have caused anything in the population . 
  but whatever , there is no point for this discussion now , the point has passed and we hopefully wo n't get in to the situation where we have to debate this again . 
  your country is contributing . 
  but the amounts pledged are laughable . 
  oxfam calculated what would be a fair share for every country : * poland is providing 17 % of what would be a fair share * czech republic 40 % * germany 152 % * uk 237 % * us 76 % * saudi arabia 28 % * russia 1 % [ source ] ( https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/file_attachments/bn-syria-fair-shares-analysis-010216-en.pdf ), 
   afd is taking away poorer , uneducated voters from die linke in former east berlin do n't forget that they also became the protest vote # 1 - votes that previously went to the * linke * . 
  where do you want to set up these camps ? 
  and again - it comes down to money mainly . 
  money that e.g. 
  the ee countries are n't willing to provide . 
   i don ' know maybe , i am not really on track with our current gov. 
  it was their `` solution '' all along . 
  `` dont take them in , support them in the region '' . 
  pity that you are n't willing to contribute to these programs either . 
   do they exist in the first place ? 
  of course ? 
  what do you think the conferences for refugees in syria and the surrounding countries were for ? 
  to collect money to provide for these programs . 
  there is a multitude of programs supporting refugees in different areas of the world - many set up by the un/unhcr . 
  and here is what 's noteworthy about these programs : the countries that have been very liberal in admitting refugees to their country are also very generous when it comes to supporting camps in the region . 
  plus the uk - they are actually spending a shitload of money there , much more than they could be expected to do . 
   i am okey with eu paying countries like idk lebanon , which is more culturally similar , to host refugees ( real refugees ) . 
  it way less expensive to host them in there than for example in denmark , so eu can even save more people this way . 
  well , this is what your governments ( v4 ) have advocated . 
  and it is not a bad policy proposal per se . 
  however , what is kind of ironic is that your governments are actually providing the least towards these programs . 
   the voters in germany are heavily conservative wat . 
  no , not really . 
  yes . 
  and i am a bit torn on that . 
  it is generally good if more people are voting . 
  on the other hand - a vote that is just `` against the system '' does n't help anybody . 
   perhaps in germany afd will settle at 8-10 % and have a lesser influence . 
  i could honestly live with that . 
   it was always going to be a long process . 
  i have no doubts about that . 
  you guys are no idiots . 
  wo n't stop me from mocking this however . 
   however , first past the post is very very punishing to small parties . 
  ukip only did well in the eu elections . 
  as much as i despise ukip , i found it deeply frustrating to see that a party that gained 13 % of the vote gained one single seat in westminster while the snp gained 56 seats with less than half of the votes . 
  makes me very thankful for not having fptp here . 
  what is your stance on this anyways ? 
   it is going to be a different kind of ukip in a couple of years time when all the competent people have left , the uk is leaving the eu and they have no elected representatives . 
  how important do you think nigel farage was to the success of ukip ? 
  not talking about his work in the last decade , talking about the last elections . 
  part of the reason why the afd is successful is that it has ( in large parts ) maintained a somewhat serious image and kept a bit distance towards actual neo-nazis and the far ( far ) right . 
  this is changing . 
  and i see a good chance that this will discredit the party . 
  at least in the mind of a lot of people who are `` just conservative '' . 
  there is also the issue of the party leadership - half of the people hate each other . 
  they have good potential for self-destruction . 
   however , i am not sure in the long run if afd are really a reaction to migrant crisis , but it still is pretty much the only topic they talk about . 
   however , i am not sure in the long run if afd are really a reaction to migrant crisis , but instead to the kind of political class that caused the migrant crisis and that political class will still be there after the migrant crisis disappeared . 
  you could say the same about the greek crisis - people voting afd because they are pissed at the political class `` giving away our money to lazy greeks '' . 
  after the crisis was out of the picture in germany , the afd fell below 5 % . 
  i can not rule out that they built up some core voter base however . 
  a lot will also depend on what the cdu does . 
  after merkel resigns/is voted out of office ( the latter being unlikely in my opinion ) , i am pretty certain that the cdu will shift ( a bit ) to the right . 
  we will see how many voters will switch back to the cdu then . 
   in austria there is the fpo austria has been governed by grand coalitions for around 30 years now ( a few years inbetween were different ) . 
  naturally , this will cause people to long for change . 
  it is different in germany . 
  we 're having a grand coalition now , but it is only the third one in the history of our country . 
   in france there is fn , in netherlands there is pvv , in the rest of north west europe there are similar parties that existed long before the migrant crisis was really a thing we have a different relationship to nationalism than these countries . 
   there is also now an interesting question about the future of ukip in the uk , after the referendum and now that farage seems to have resigned and stayed resigned !, 
  the day after the referendum i left ukip and joined the conservatives and i know many others did the same . 
  i was only in ukip because of the eu . 
  but will ukip stick around in the uk ? 
  it seems that you are actually much faster in adjusting to the consequences of the brexit votum than your own government ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding . 
  i was actually surprised about the variety of topics ukip touched in their last election programme despite being widely regarded a single-issue party . 
  their name does n't really help in finding a new purpose i guess . 
  that 's actually quite interesting . 
  fact is : nobody knows what will happen . 
  if the situation cools down however , i can easily see the afd drop well below 10 % . 
  and this does n't seem that unlikely . 
  the election is still a year ahead , a lot can happen ( or dry out ) .
