  https://twitter.com/bamf_dialog/status/636138495468285952 this was not an official statement from the government and retracted one day later by merkel in a press conference . 
  he has recieved a warning and will see a ban at the next offence . 
  ca n't comment on their contributions prior to the crisis because i do not have the data . 
  but yeah , these countries are the more generous ones in europe . 
  i think you are adressing the `` stored like battery chickens '' part . 
  well , that might have been true on the peak of the crisis , but it certainly is n't true anymore at this point . 
  what about you being in denial because we germans tend to have a better understanding of what is going on here than non-germans . 
  the situation is n't really crazy . 
  well , prove me wrong . 
  we can very well do that . 
  some of our courts are understaffed anyways . 
  rule of law ? 
  yeah , horrible . 
  we did not invite them and you are completely misinterpreting the ` no upper limit ' statement . 
  why not ? 
  the government has been pretty open on their calculations . 
  `` educate yourself '' is n't really a statement warranting a warning . 
  if you see a personal attack or a comment breaking the rules , feel free to use the report button and we will take care of it . 
  personal attacks are not tolerated . 
  consider this a warning . 
  source ? 
  i know about the availablity of people with law degrees qualified to be a judge . 
  and trust me , it is sufficient . 
  and yes , if the government fails to cope with a situation , the government is to blame . 
  uhm . 
  i 'd like this sourced . 
   well that 's their choice . 
  it does n't stop us from taking this action . 
  it will be the logical consequence however . 
   well i see canada that has taken mainly family groups has n't really had anything like the problems seen in europe to my knowledge . 
  different circumstances and a much lower amount of people . 
  taking a few ten thousands is unlikely to cause trouble . 
  if you take hundreds of thousands like germany or sweden , trouble of some kind can be expected no matter what . 
   such is life , trying to pressure them to do so will only create backlash as has been seen , they are just not going to go for this . 
  also them not wanting to get involved does n't stop western europe from doing what i suggest . 
  `` such is life '' is a bit of a shitty argument . 
  if they do not want to give money , they should shut the f ** k up about it being the best thing to do . 
   well the spending would be even more if there was less refugees to spend money on here . 
  i fundamentally disagree on this . 
  take germany for example : we are expected to spend around 80 billion euros over the next few years on `` our '' refugees . 
  this spending is n't really appreciated in the population , but people tolerate it because they know that it will flow back into our economy and because they know it is necessary ( you can not let people live on the streets and you need to spend money to integrate/educate them ) . 
  assuming that we did not have any refugees here and that we would not have to spend these 80 billions . 
  i can guarantee you that there would be zero support for spending even ten billions in the region . 
   also lebanon could possibly host more if there was un or eu involvement to help provide security and logistics and if funding was massively stepped up . 
  we could really take the burden off them . 
  i think a country hosting refugees worth over 20 % of their own population should n't be burdened any further . 
   they ( and other countries like jordan ) are already massively suffering with infrastructure and funding problems and would likely jump at the chance for a massive increase in funding and support . 
  the jordanian king has already asked for major assistance and said if he is expected to keep them there he wants more economic aid . 
  i would argue that we should give them funding no matter what . 
  even without them taking further refugees . 
  they already did much more than anyone could expect them to do . 
   the tensions with turkey gives more reason why the boat stuff needs to be ended now . 
  if tomorrow they said `` yeah we are n't going to do shit to prevent boat departures and will actively encourage it '' they could cause massive issues and destabilize europe . 
  but good thing is that they are n't the only country that we can deal with . 
  on the route , they are pretty much the most important country to deal with . 
  i do not think that this serves as a pro-your-policy argument here . 
  there is one notable exception : the uk . 
  whatever i think of their general policy in regards to refugees , they have been the one country that has consistenly provided significant amounts of money for humanitarian matters . 
  germany has been stepping up its game recently as well , but over the last few years that go beyond the current refugee crisis , it has mainly been the uk . 
   just out of curiosity , do you believe that a ( formerly ) stable infrasctructure can expand when the population increases by more than 1.5 million people in 2 years ? 
  the existing court systems were staffed with the population of 2013 in mind . 
  running a country is not an rts game where you can just spawn more units . 
  yes , i do believe that . 
  the factor limiting the number of judges has always been the state funding , not the number of qualified and willing lawyers willing to become a judge . 
  we have a decent pool to recruit people from . 
  it is just a matter of will and funding . 
   the asylum conditions are absolutely disgusting in germany . 
  prostitution is rampant , the people are stored like battery chickens and it 's very unsafe for children and women ( believe it or not , having ~ 80 % men as your demographic with dual-sex housing is beyond retarded ) . 
  [ source needed ], 
  this would only be the case if un regulation would be the only thing applicable here . 
  it is n't though . 
  eu law and domestic laws incooperate that convention . 
  as it is always the case with regulations/laws/conventions of this kind , states are always free to do more/provide better conditions . 
  the un regulation does not have any binding effect on the refugees themselves . 
  they are actually declining slightly . 
  if the numbers stay stable despite a significant increase in population , i would argue that this is positive news . 
  you can bring your parents over , but only if you are under 18 ( \u00a7 36 aufenthg ) . 
  the parents can then get their underage children over here . 
  the rules on `` governemntal assistance and job '' etc. 
  are actually suspended for asylum seekers ( \u00a7 29 ii aufenthg ) . 
  how are they fucking them over ? 
   yeah but obviously not too bad . 
  the journey itself is n't too risky statistically , yeah it 's not great but it 's not like 25 % fail rate or anything . 
  i would argue that it 's pretty bad . 
   yeah because everyone was too focused on the ones arriving by boat . 
  if that was stopped and prevented then the focus could be on taking people directly . 
  nope . 
  even the countries not affected significantly by the `` boat arrivals '' ( e.g. 
  the us , australia , the uk ) decided to do very little in this regard . 
  the only exception is canada . 
  it 's also an issue of what people realize . 
  if you hear in the news that people one continent away are suffering , you will not really get much attention . 
   also the craziness of the whole boat stuff , terrorist attacks and what not have pissed away a lot of the good will . 
  it could of been prevented if a hard stance was taken to boat arrivals and priority given to people who take a legal route . 
  that 's only speculation . 
   a deal could be made like the one with turkey , just offer a large amount of funding and promise to massively help with the camps in jordan , lebanon and turkey and i 'm sure a deal could be reached . 
  it would probably be cheaper in the long run than the situation as is , as well as a lot better security as people could be screened . 
  the issue is the funding again . 
  the countries that were yelling `` we will take no refugees , fund the camps in the region instead '' ( looking at you , eastern europe ) are not only unwilling to take in refugees , they are also very reluctant to provide funding for the region . 
  it is accurate that every euro spent here could accomplish multiple times as much if it was spent in the region , but the spending would not have been comparable .
