  our constitution aswell as the echr prohibit deporting into war areas . 
  secondly , we have no good way to get people into these countires . 
  no western airline is curretnly servicing syria . 
  and last but not least , we need the consent of the other government to send people back . 
  this consent is rarely given , they do not want to have rapists either . 
  well , people tend to forget that just because they cant be deported , it does n't mean that they will not be facing a prison sentence . 
  once it is possible again , we will try to deport them ( however it is questionable that the country in question will take a rapist back . 
  they do n't have much interest in people of this kind either ) . 
  this applies universally to deportations , they cant be executed without the destinated country agreeing with it . 
   would write anything about our region , they 're not interested in our internal disputes etc. 
  this however is only natural . 
  we do n't take much interest in internal disputes in austria or belgium , denmark or the netherlands either ( outside of elections ) unless shit hits the fan . 
  yes , poland is significantly more populated , but their internal politics are not ( yet ) affecting us in a way that would create interest in it ( outside from your position on issues that directly concern us , especially in the eu ) . 
  tell me what you want , but if a government effectively tames a major political player in the country , it * is * worth reporting and commenting . 
  no matter if we care or report in other occasions . 
  because this action is not only dangerous for democracy , it could also be the starting point for a political development that would affect us ( the relations between germany and poland suffered under kaczynski the last time ) . 
  -- -- -- i agree that we should spend a lot more time learning about you however . 
  you will be a major player in europe in the future and you are our neighbor for whose historical ` development ' we share quite a lot of responsibility . 
  oettinger has been the head of a german state ( which in itself is not a big deal as it needed a major fuckup for the cdu to lose this state for the first time in the last election ) . 
  of couse , he has a political bias and quite some political history , but he is neither a german politician anymore ( he 's been in europe for quite a while now ) nor is he talking for the german government . 
   assuming all those countries will close their doors , what do you think will happen ? 
  ( as you said austria will be overwhelmed quite quickly + they do n't have a problem with fences ; probably switzerland will vote it down ) . 
  i would argue that we would relieve austria off the pressure * once * . 
  we would let a last wave through so that our neighbor is n't facing unbearable problems . 
  following this , i see the flow decrease significantly . 
  i however see a lot of pressure being shifted onto turkey and syria 's neighboring countries . 
  given that some of them are already on the verge of collapse , this is not good . 
  plus it is somewhat impossible for italy to stop the flow . 
  italy would ( in my opinion ) still be a desirable target , and its is impossible for them to stop the flow to lampedusa until the libyan government of unity ( the two rival parliament recently came together and announced joined elections ) will be able to crack down on the militias in their country and subsequently tackle the number people leaving from there by boat . 
  so essentially it is somewhat the same like closing the outer borders immediately . 
  the ` advantage ' of the people arriving lampedusa is that they have no way to evade being registered . 
  i mean , they are on a fucking island . 
   that 's probably because the mandatory quotas got much higher bandwidth . 
  it 's also an easy narrative . 
  pretty much like ` merkel caused the refugee crisis ' . 
  at least here , they are usually not . 
   also , it is strongly felt that almost exclusively germany-based eu officials insist on inflicting sanctions on poland , as well as other german mps , not only eu commissionners . 
  well , it is oettingers field of politics . 
  he is the minister responsible for the main area affected . 
  i can not comment on that feeling as i do not exactly know which people have raised concerns on the polish course . 
  if it is indeed mainly germany , it might be due to our relationship with the constitutional court in our country . 
  it is widely recognized as the political institution with the best reputation and insane approval ratings amongst the population . 
  it has proven to be really valuable to our democracy multiple times in the history of our country , thus we think it is a great invention and we will naturally watch it with concerns if countries try to damage similar institutions . 
   well , it occurs to majority of people that the polish also do not have major governmental issues . 
  it 's not about the polish democracy ; it 's about foreign-owned medias and foreign influence that are facing losses it very much is concerning when the government makes attempts to control media and to tame the constitutional court . 
  this criticism can be entirely independent from domestic approval of these actions . 
  because , as we know , the tyranny of the majority is a thing . 
  democracy is a principle that is designed to protect those that are not in the majority aswell . 
   and about germany not having governmental issues , only to name one : http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/schweigekartell-bei-der-polizei-polizist-strikte-anweisung-ueber-vergehen-von-fluechtlingen-nicht-zu-berichten_id_5199256.html[1] i said we are having no issues in the same areas . 
  of course , we have flaws . 
  the example you gave is a problem in the authorities and in the police , not a governmental problem . 
  we did not swap out all our heads of public media to replace them with people friendly towards refugees . 
   do you really think that the same number of people will try to come to europe if they 'll know there is no chance on earth to pass to germany yes . 
  austria and switzerland are at least as decent as germany . 
  northern italy is decent aswell , especially when you compare it to other areas , for example the areas these people are coming from . 
  maybe not the same number , but still large numbers . 
  britain not accepting anyone has not stopped people from trying to go there . 
   i agree with the protecting of external border as the best solution . 
  it 's been the german position for quite a while now . 
  yet people are going after us claiming that we are opposed to any action hindering the flow . 
  pretty much all of them . 
  the data differs a bit depending on the source , wikipedia ranks us as [ # 15 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ), 
   are you sure about that ? 
  yes , because i know how the law is applied and i know what it can be applied to . 
   an ominously high percentage of germans wish for angela merkel to resign . 
  source ? 
  please do n't come with yougov , they are the only institute that constantly comes up with results that differ significantly from * all * other polls . 
  merkel is still top 3 of the most popular politicians , her party is uncontested in being # 1 in the polls . 
  the share of people satisfied and dissatisfied with the work of the government is 50/50 at the moment . 
  pretty much the same numbers for the dealing with the refugee crisis . 
   then again , in germany , people can lose custody of their children for being anti-migrant . 
  some can be jailed depending on the `` severity '' of it . 
  you can be jailed if you continuously deny holocaust or if you constantly call for violence . 
   that 's really what this is all about . 
  poland 's refusal to go by eu law in regards to the migrant crisis . 
  not even close . 
  otherwise , we would be going against quite a few more countries than poland . 
  it is also not like poland * did n't * just strip a huge load of power from its constitutional court and took action that is at least very suspicious in terms of press freedom . 
  germany is in the top 10 of weapon ownership . 
  but this is n't relevant . 
   i 'd really love to see face of this guy when he reads it . 
  he will be confused because it does nothing to counteract his allegations . 
   of course assuming he will , because ue is becoming more and more dismissve about concerns of its citizens the author of this letter is not exactly an ordinary citizen . 
  our government is not far-left by any means . 
  just months ago , we were criticized for having a ` far-right government that wants to push greece off the cliff ' . 
  and i do fail to see how your comment is relevant to what i wrote . 
  it is constitutionally impossible for us to deport people into war areas , no matter what they have done . 
  it is further prohibited by european treaties . 
  the cologne case lies different . 
  the pegida rallies there are frequented by hogesa ( hooligans against salafists ) members which are known to incite violence . 
  we had severe problems with some of their rallies in cologne . 
  and even if that was n't the case , we know for a fact that these rallies often lead to violence from at least one side , so it is fair that the police prepares for violence in these scenarios . 
  would it be desirable ? 
  hell , no . 
  would we able to handle it ? 
  probably . 
  sweden is an example that actually reached the limit of its potential at an intake of 2.2 % of total population . 
  another million would put us at around the same percentage for 2015 and 2016 combined . 
  it would require a lot of effort in all areas , but i am convinced that we could theoretically manage it . 
  for maybe one more year .
