  well-conducted , representative polls can really say a lot about the mood in a country . 
   even if the cases are small now that does n't really mean it 'll always remain that way . 
  there is a direct correlation between [ the volume of direct investments and the number of isds cases ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gjicbii.jpg ) . 
   there is no reason why they should exist , they are against public interest in favour of corporations . 
  what do you say about the various cases where countries like canada engaged in protectionist measures then ? 
  what about cases where a jury discriminates againgst foreign investors ( loewen v. us ) ? 
  do you just ignore them ? 
  is it in the `` public interest '' to discriminate against foreign companies ? 
  this article says nothing about lost profits 2 . 
  pretty much all the case summaries leave out important parts to make them seem unjustified . 
   dont lie [ why would i lie ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xalypl4.jpg )  to the question : `` ali ste za to , da dr\u017eavni zbor potrdi trgovinsko-investicijski sporazum med eu in kanado ( ceta ) in trgovinsko-investicijski sporazum med eu in zda ( ttip ) ? '', 
  59,4 % said no , and ony 17 % said yes i do n't really care about the question - i do care about the way this survey was conducted and how many people participated . 
  paywalled . 
   tipical of a german is what i ment . 
  not really , no . 
   if feminists get to use 1 in 5 i get to use this . 
   to inact such stuf as ceta you should need a constitutiona lajorety you do n't though . 
  and at least in the countries i am familiar with , 1/4 of municipalities are not capable of blocking constitutional change . 
  i do n't think that rejecting ceta would kill of the possibilities for a black/green coalition . 
  depends on when ceta will be ratified i guess . 
   besides the hopeful elimination of the precautionary principle that runs through every eu regulation , i hope that the entrepreneurial spirit of the americas can influence europe with these trade deals . 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
  there are good reasons for the precautionary principle and abandoning it would be a breaking point even for me . 
  [ pmi v. australia ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2015/dec/18/australia-wins-international-legal-battle-with-philip-morris-over-plain-packaging ) - shot down because of treaty shopping . 
  [ pm v. uruguay ] ( https://www.iisd.org/itn/2016/08/10/philip-morris-brands-sarl-philip-morris-products-s-a-and-abal-hermanos-s-a-v-oriental-republic-of-uruguay-icsid-case-no-arb-10-7/ ) - absence of arbitrariness and no breach of legitimate expectations -- -- -- you should probably educate yourself before you throw around fundamentally wrong claims . 
   okay , companies do n't get to appoint the entire tribunal but it does make it considerably easier if you get to appoint one of them yourself and have another to settle on with the other party . 
  as i said , there is no evidence that these tribunals tend to decide in favor of the investor . 
   and those cases were n't shot down , quite the opposite in fact . 
  countries had to pay outrageous amounts of money and suspend legislation in favour of these tobacco companies . 
  give any example . 
  the two most prominent cases , australia and uruguay , were shot down . 
  it is debatable whether it was n't justified to make these promises/demands . 
  a promise does n't suddenly become a wrong decision because another party disagrees . 
   there are absolutely no justifications for isds to exist when any two modern , non-corrupt countries ( or blocs ) are trading with each other . 
  as long as the judiciary branch is free and independent , it 's unnecessary . 
  there 's simply no reason for it , since if a country does anything blatantly illegal ( like seize corporate assets ) , a court in that country will defend the corporation . 
  it was only kept in due to corporations lobbying . 
  i beg to differ . 
  look at loewen v. united states for example or at most of the isds cases against canada . 
  discrimination and biased courts exist even in the highly developed states of the west . 
  debatable . 
  wrong . 
  the most recent forsa poll has black/green 2 % short of a majority . 
  plus the grand coalition has still a comfortable majority , even in the insa polls . 
   it does get more likely though if those companies get to point out the judges themselves , which at least used to be a part of the isds deal there is no evidence for this happening . 
  and no , companies do n't appoint the whole tribunal . 
   yes , there were . 
  go google it , there 's more than one case . 
  or watch the video of john oliver on it if you want to . 
  i am not aware of a last week tonight segment on isds . 
  he talked about isds considering tobacco - but these cases were shot down . 
  give any example . 
  [ unlikely ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_salaries_of_heads_of_state_and_government ), 
  isds is a general term . 
  various agreements have various kinds of arbitration , this does n't change the fact that it still is `` investor-state dispute settlement '' , no matter if institutionalized or not . 
  to my knowledge , germany has only been challenged three times under isds - no case was decided against germany . 
  two were settled , one ( nuclear phaseout ) is currently in the tribunal . 
  yes . 
  in fact , this is what happens to quite a lot of multilateral deals . 
   tipical . 
  well , i am not obliged to follow your opinion on this issue . 
   its the best there is . 
  if you want to prove it is wrong make one of your own . 
  you should probably not quote it at all then . 
  even if it is `` the best you got '' - it is a * very * shitty poll that does n't reach any scientific standards . 
  a photograph of a piece of paper on which you wrote `` most people in my country are against ceta '' would have roughly the same validity . 
   1/4 of the countries municipaleties have declared themselves , albeit sibolicly , as `` trade deal free zones '' . 
  that 's not a majority ? 
  why are people opposed to ceta/ttip/isds always so obsessed with `` lost profits '' ? 
  these cases are a very small percentage of an already low number of isds cases . 
  no , not really . 
  vattenfall v. germany i was a case of a significant breach of investments promises . 
  vattenfall doubled the size of moorburg ( compared to their initial plans ) on the request of the city council of hamburg only to find these promises invalidated after the election . 
   whenever an investor claims that his expectation of profit has been limited by legislation , he can sue the government for damages this does ' t mean that he will win . 
  in fact , there are no examples of decisions where investors were awarded damages for rightful legislation in good faith . 
   there is nothing that limits claims to cases of disrimination . 
  it does n't limit the claims , but the judgements are a whole different thing . 
  what does limit the claims however is the cost of such a tribunal . 
  usd 8m . 
  is n't exactly small money . 
   why should we need isds paralell to the working legal systems ? 
  canada has , since the introduction of nafta , been sued successfully multiple times for breaching the nafta rule of fair treatment . 
  obviously , the legal system is n't enough . 
   but the freaze the people referes to the populous , when you are an elected representative you sese to be a member of the populous . 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
   pay for a better one if you are so rich . 
  holy shit you are butthurt . 
  it is not a valid poll full stop . 
   so what . 
  people can disagre just based of not liking it , its a democracy we live in . 
  still does n't make it an indicator for opposition by the majority . 
   depends on how you count them . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  unless half of your country has been on anti ceta demonstrations , demonstrations are not a valid indicator for a majority . 
  the only adult involved here ( turner was an adult ) recieved a four-year sentence . 
  the others were still underage . 
  there were no considerations like in the turner case ( sports career ) that lead to this verdict . 
  additionally , while the sentences might seem low , they are not really unusual for a crime like this . 
  we do not know what happened during the trial but i have complete faith in our judges to come to a fair verdict .
