   completely false , the two most common reason for isds are `` indirect expropriation '' and `` unfair and inequitable treatment '' < 10 % of isds cases are directed at legislative action . 
  the mentioned actions are possible without political changes and include discrimination . 
   ignoring that more than 1/3 of cases end in settlements . 
  bringing the success rate to almost 2/3 settlement does not mean that it is a ` success ' worthy of the name for the investor . 
  additionally , the succes rates against eu states is way lower . 
  the percentages are inflated by countries like argentine . 
   i do not consider having legal recourse a form of bullying , but i was putting it in terms often used to describe it on this subreddit . 
  without wanting to criticize you , i consider this approach a bit ` careless ' as wording like this is suited to form the discourse in a wrong way , to load it with prejudice , especially since its coming from a lawyer . 
   the rolling average is 53 % , but eu proportions of total isds claims has been rising over the recent years . 
  given that the major eu countries have each signed about twice as much bits as the us , this is n't exactly surprising . 
   the people who are appointed to the bodies that carry out isds tend to be from the legal profession , generally senior . 
  they tend to be exactly the same people who would rule on cases in courts anyway and are supposed to be using broadly the same approaches . 
  the legal sector is far from uniform . 
  i can tell you as much : while the general approach might be similar , the judges in isds cases are usually better educated , especially on financial matters . 
   the judgement in loewen v. us and the conditions applied to it were ( in my view . . ) discriminatory and frankly somewhat nonsensical , but i do n't think it would have made any difference if it had been a us company and it was settled . . 
  i know that some people point to loewen v. us as a really good example of isds working ( and others as it being literally the devil . . ) , but frankly i 'm not sure it does either terribly well , it 's basically a miscarriage of justice that was then addressed in the wrong forum ... loewen vs. 
  us is a terrible case to show that isds is working as the discrimination was not punished at all ( one of the arbitrators later revealed that he was put under pressure by us officials ) . 
  thats why i pointed at the basic case , not the isds settlement . 
  in the basic case , the jury pretty obviously decided on a discriminatory basis . 
  there is still some difference between deductions and loopholes . 
  and no , it is not ridiculous to expect that as pretty much all medium-sized businesses no not use them . 
  ( have you read about that village in ireland attempting to abuse the same loopholes ? ), 
   the us has ( publicly ) shown little interest the us is not able to unilaterally bring the deal into effect . 
  its actually not ` only ' the guardian but pretty much any newspaper . 
  you hardly find neutral articles on the issue . 
  i guess telling people it is dangerous and evil boosts the sales better . 
   why ca n't we sue for lost taxes ? 
  because what they do is legal ? 
  they are ` just ' using the loopholes we are failing to fix . 
  directed at the cooperations making use of this stuff , [ this ] ( http://favoritememes.com/_nw/9/10256687.jpg ) applies . 
   but not the other way around of course it does n't make sense to overturn rightful decisions ? 
   if a company won billions in an isds case that 's later overturned they keep that cash . 
  obviously not . 
  the overturned case i mentioned resulted in a lower compensation payment than initially granted . 
   but given the complete lack of anything like that mentioned in tpp i think it 's unlikely we will see anything like that in ttip tpp is entirely independent and different from ttip . 
  the european countries are more sensible in some areas . 
  france , amongst others , has indicated that ttip will not get their consent without significant changes to isds . 
   changing political realities , as do people changing political realities are fine , however it is unacceptable if political changes are able to change existing contracts without compensation . 
  also , most isds cases are * not * caused by political changes but by direct discrimination of foreign investments . 
   super biased courts 25 % investor success rate . 
   and we have isds panels 's decision being wholly and partially overturned , years later by independent courts . 
  if that overturning is not rightful , it can be object to further isds claims . 
   the problem is the lack of appeal mechanism in isds , in courts you can appeal it 's a tradeoff . 
  you get quicker final decisions at the cost of having no way of appeal ( well , almost , it is possible in some ways - just a few weeks ago there was an isds decision overturning a previous isds decision ) . 
  however , i can get behind the criticism of having no way to appeal , which is why i think that the proposal for an institutionalized isds court under ttip is a good idea . 
   given you are drawing from the same pools of people i think i cant really follow you ? 
  why the same pool of people ? 
   you 'd be right on the impact of a jury , but that is n't really relevant in context ... 
  it is as court decisions can be discriminatory ( check the basic case of loewen v. us ) . 
   so an isds case being settled on incorrect grounds dose not show how isds is broken . 
  gottya it 's not the arbitration court 's responsibility or competence to investigate a settlement for compliance of national law . 
   to me , asking a coal power plant to contribute excess heat to regional heating rather to dumping it in a river possibly polluting it in the process seems sensible . 
  it is . 
  but it stops being sensible when you encouraged them to double the size of it and promised them an operating license earlier . 
   and it 's not discrimination if the rules were/are applied equally across the board , then it 's simply tightening of regulation . 
  the rules were tailored for moorburg . 
   vattenfall could easily pull back their interest and investment when they realized the difficult political landscape they would be forced to navigate , in that case they could have sued for compensation for their failed investments , which would have gotten people upset as well . 
   fake court the court is not ` fake ' . 
   isds is important where there is n't a functioning legal system even in our highly developed judicial systems , discrimination happens , jury systems having stronger tendencies to do so . 
   eu claimants make up roughly 65 % of isds claims , american make up roughly 11 % . 
  this differs significantly from my data ( unctad ) . 
  isds cases until the end of 2013 were 53 % eu ( 300 ) and 22 % us ( 127 ) . 
  i just do n't see changes of  10 % within a year . 
   but the notion on this subreddit the eu does not use its weight to bully smaller nations is not true true , although i would be careful with calling it ` bullying ' . 
   isds panels made an incorrect decision the decision in itself is not wrong . 
  the offer from the side of germany was wrong . 
  it was not the arbitration courts decision as it was settled . 
   and in this case , do indeed show how isds hinder regulations from being written and enacted , you should really look at the claims in the arbitration documents plus the newspaper articles from that time . 
  the green party made their whole election around an attempt to prevent moorburg . 
  discrimination does n't get more obvious than this . 
   in this case a coalplant was allowed to operate for years with sub-standard regulations . 
  a coal plant that was built at the * governments request * . 
   but the court decision completely undercuts vattenfalls case and the points the tribunal used to reach their decision . 
  it does n't . 
  contrary to your earlier claim , the [ eu is not even mentioned ] ( http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0889.pdf ) in the arbitration documents . 
   the adapted regulation awarded to vattenfall has since been reversed and now stricter regulation 's apply . 
  again , the problem was n't the regulation iteself but the administrative process . 
   another case that illustrates the problem of letting very complex issued be decided by a 3 person panel with no expertise nor experience in the relevant fields . 
  regular judges usually have less expertise in these areas . 
   isds is designed to keep laws and regulations from being written and applied dis-favorably to foreigners . 
  aka it is designed to prevent discrimination of foreign investments which is in itself a good reason . 
   courts are ( in theory ) independent of politicians and decisions apply all over the board ( unless the enforcement is arbitrary , but then the regulators are the problem not the court itself ) . 
  exactly . 
  in theory . 
  but there is no denying that courts are potentially biased when it comes to claims of foreign investors against domestic companies or the state itself . 
  this is especially true for jury systems . 
  no , it does n't . 
  they go up against discrimination by the authorities , no matter what organ of the state discriminated . 
  this has nothing to to with ignoring the separation of powers . 
   a more fair question would be how many eu nations , or eu companies using their nation , are suing foreign governments in tribunals set up as part of trade agreements . 
  this data is publically available on the web . 
  [ in 2014 ] ( http://unctad.org/en/publicationslibrary/webdiaepcb2015d1_en.pdf ) , the netherlands were the most frequent user of isds claims at 7 cases , followerd by the uk and the us at 5 cases each . 
  the # 1 respondent state in 2014 was spain with 5 cases . 
  this data however is a bit distorted as the netherlands are frequently used as a host state through letterbox companies due to benefitial legislation and bits . 
   they can use courts like any other entity . 
  we had cases where court decisions were directly discriminating foreign investors based on their nationality . 
  without isds , this discrimination would be the final verdict . 
  not even talking about countries with unreliable judicial systems . 
   this is not true , vattenfall claimed the new regulations would make the plant unprofitable . 
  a tribunal agreed , but a court has since nullified part of the tribunals decision .
