  that would be ** austerity ** i guess . 
  ( at least for a lot of people ), 
  the idea is somewhat nice , the realization however is far from optimal . 
  the popup is fairly disruptive , you have to enable every news site manually ( as far as i can see ) , it takes a long time to load ( around 10 seconds on an average article ) . 
  furthermore , the overview of connections is not that intuitive and it is somewhat awkward to use . 
  it does not directly show what organization the people displayed are affiliated with ( you have to click on them which opens a new tab ) and it does not limit the display to relevant connections ( i do not want to go through a list of 20 people that are in no way connected to the topic of the article and just make the stuff messy ) . 
  however , its a start and it is better than nothing . 
  fair enough . 
  however , the uk government and not the eu is to blame for this . 
  even if it costs ' a lot of money ' , the economic benefits should outdo these payments significantly . 
  this title just does not fit . 
  he is a * single * lawyer of the un and i could not even get out of the article if he is speaking out in his position as a un official or just as an ` expert ' on the issue . 
  even if he made this statement in his position as a un representative , the un is too much of a multinational institution , influenced by more than one expert , to make his statement really relevant . 
  the un did not call for anything and frankly , i do not see how it is the responsibility of the un to criticize a trade agreement that is not even published or finished yet . 
  all of these politicians have economists behind them . 
  the problem is that some things that might seem plausible from an economic standpoint have no chance of getting through the parliaments . 
  how is this connected ? 
  sorry , but i can not see how either side does any good for germany . 
  why not stop exporting everything then ? 
  because , you know , disasters might happen . 
  and quite frankly , i dont give a damn on whether the us are exporting lng or not . 
  i though you were talking about alternative energies and not about crops ? 
  in one case you will have people selling themselves under value and driving the wages down , in the other one you might have some workers who dont find a job that easily because they are less qualified/connected to local networks / integrated and the locals work at the same rate . 
  i think the first one is the better choice as it is not discriminatory to anyone . 
  however , protecting minority workers should not be hindering the introduction of a minimum wage , it should be a task on its own for the government . 
  you are arguing with the backing of the possibility of a somewhat global volcano eruption - this is just unrealistic . 
  especially given your example with iceland , there have been issues lasting for days , but not more . 
  benjamin franklin being involved in the early stages of the us does not make his amateur scientist perspective any more professional - in fact i do not see why he is even relevant in this context . 
  can you prove your allegations instead of providing documents that do not say anything about the mentioned issue ? 
  how does a racist perception of workforce influence our current thinking of minimum wages ? 
  it does not discriminate people . 
  lets say the minimum wage in a country for a certain job is 10 bucks . 
  they will hire the worker that does the best work at 10 bucks , how is that in any way discriminatory ? 
  i do . 
  in addition , this shop looks super shady plus / r/europe is the wrong place for this shit . 
  if at least the english on this was right ... 
  [ found it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/volcanoes/comments/2u44fd/benjamin_franklins_advice_to_americans_dont/ ), 
  how can a minimum wage be a technical entry barrier ? 
  minimum wage does not discriminate anyone as all contestants of the domestic market will have to pay the same . 
  the minimum wage does not apply to products being produced in a foreign country , so ` poorer ' countries will still have the edge in production cost . 
  where is the problem ? 
  recent polls were pretty much in favor of staying , even considering that no promises of change have been made so far ( besides juncker yesterday i think ) . 
  as for the ` annoying ' part . 
  it is actually rather simple . 
  the uk has recieved special treatment from the eu since forever ( considering the money they pay and other things ) , however , it can be expected that the uk plays to the same rules as anyone else . 
  we can sure talk about decreasing the democratic shortcomings of the eu and stuff like this as long as it benefits everyone and not just the uk who gets a special deal due to it threatening to leave the eu . 
  a transfer of powers back to the national governments is likely not going to happen . 
  if the brits have a problem with that , they are free to leave , nobody forces them to be a part of the eu . 
  the uk has been debating this for years now without any major influence about it in the rest of the eu . 
  cameron has a hard time finding allies for proposed changes to the eu and most of the eu states are frankly annoyed by the uk seeking to change the treaties ( to their advantage ) . 
  one factor that might have influence on countries wanting to leave the eu would be the uk being more prosperous than ever after leaving . 
  i think you are overestimating the effect of prestige . 
  countries are not in the eu for prestige but for economic ( and other ) benefits . 
  the only way it could cause the eu to collapse would be if france or germany left the eu after britain . 
  otherwise , i do not see a threat to it . 
  sounds realistic . 
  but i have my doubts that you can actually limit that in reality . 
  you can not make it a crime to have 1500 euro or more in cash and since it is now used to evade tax anyways , how is it going to change ? 
  i also dont know how well your country is set up for card/electronic payment . 
  you should not punish small local stores because they refuse to pay money to the credit card companies . 
  generally i think it would depend on the country . 
  maybe join a party ? 
   the limit will be reduced drastically , down to 100 euros perhaps . 
  i think that is over the top . 
  considering that greece has relatively high prices for food , grocery shopping for a bbq would not be possible anymore with cash . 
  it is nice to see that they are starting to go on the problem though . 
  the trend for the pigs has not been that positive since and 2012 was already a few years into the crisis . 
  ( greek data from '14 btw ) while it is true that the numbers might not be accurate anymore , you can see a negative effect . 
  tsakalotos calls himself a marxist aswell , so i would not really call him a ` moderate ' economist . 
  nevertheless , he seems to be much more diplomatic and effective in dealing with the creditor states . 
  i think the comparison with the [ median wage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) is relevant as it shows that the ` average ' people in the countries affected by the economic crisis are far worse off than the average numbers might be indicating . 
  but not on / r/europe, 
  its just so more convenient : / however i really thought i was going insane after i read the word ` varoufexit ' in a newspaper yesterday . 
  i dont really think so - if we are talking about a grexit in terms of leaving ` just ' the euro zone . 
  this would be pretty much external problems that dont affect the uk at all as they were never part of the ez . 
  how so ? 
  this is exactly what i mean , maybe i was a bit unclear in my first statement . 
  the difference is that a brexit would be much more organized . 
  there might be uncertainty now , but that would be cleared out . 
  lets imagine there will be a referendum and the brits opt out . 
  the result wont be the uk immediately closing its borders and instantly stepping back from any trading agreements . 
  there will be a schedule made where the important stuff is covered , giving companies from both sides the time and information to prepare for this step , reducing the collateral . 
  the same can not be said about a ( possible ) grexit , they simply wont have the time to carefully plan these things ( i can not imagine the eu holding up greece for months if it is already clear that they are leaving ) . 
  nobody knows if a grexit is going to happen and nobody knows what exactly will happen in that case . 
  there are so many uncertain factors - would greece stay in the euro ? 
  what happens to greeces debt ? 
  will the greek government still be a potent buyer ? 
  etc etc. 
  for a brexit , these terms would be pretty certain . 
  with that , i do not want to say that the companies will * not * be prepared , however if major points remain unclear , you can only prepare to a certain extend . 
  a brexit would be way more calculated and not immediately , so you can actually prepare for the consequences . 
  i actually think it is not needed . 
  especially considering breivik . 
  dont give him anything that could remotely be interpreted as matyr death . 
  isnt the stance of the parties towards the eu widely known in the uk ? 
  the german navy has actually called for capabilities of this kind , however 1.2 billion euros is a bit too much for a small navy like ours . 
  we still have the death penalty in some of the federal states . 
  it however is overruled by the existance of the federal constitution which says that the death penalty is abolished . 
  so we can start our broomstick-flying pilots everywhere ? 
  sounds like a good idea .
