  cans and cannots are irrelevant here . 
  well i refained from stating the obvious . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  so far , we did not send refugees from germany to other countries . 
  all the recent talks about redistribution of refugees was about refugees in greece , italy and hungary , not refugees in germany . 
  as i just said , not paying is not really an option if you want to maintain the relations with the eu . 
  if you transfer the norwegian model to the uk , they would still pay 116 # per citizen to the eu . 
  the u.k. is one of the biggest , most prosperous and important countries in europe . 
  if they ca n't influence european politics , nobody can . 
  well i suppose that this still falls under ` double irish ' , so we are talking about the usage of loopholes . 
  i agree with you on the strategic point . 
  for technology it is partly true . 
  we even cooperate in some areas , but in other areas we are fiercely competing with each other . 
  the question is whether you would like to become norway 2.0 as the uk . 
  because it would mean that you still pay towards the eu , that you still apply most of the legislature , that you still have a lot of the same commitments while having no influence on them . 
   us businesses do not see europe as rivals . 
  they would be pretty stupid if they did n't . 
  of course companies from our countries competing in the same markets are rivals . 
  this is irrelevant however as the actual number of workers ( and especially workers who are above the tax threshold ) has increased quite significantly . 
  well , we should allow for easing this process then . 
  but there still need to be rules . 
  the biggest problem that i see is that we ( the eu ) would want a tradeoff . 
  aka access to your jobs , something that you are relatively reluctant to grant . 
  as i said , usual requirements like having a job offer . 
  unlimited migration is never a good idea . 
  just base it on the usual requirements . 
  you know it 's bad when rand paul seems moderate amongst these candidates . 
  not if you smoked weed from someone else . 
  and yes , we have these rules for personal use . 
  you can have that through federalism though . 
  no need to split up . 
  people already have to pay the deportation costs before they are allowed to re-enter the coutnry . 
  the linked opendemocracy interview was posted here a few days back . 
  i guess we will have to wait until they released their announced manifesto . 
  until then , speculation will be fruitless and without substance , varoufakis has always been a man of big words , the results were a little less promising . 
  we sweden now . 
  i actually do not give a damn whether some movements are nationalistic , but i worry about the implications it has for the rest of europe . 
  we all know that europe is losing influence rapidly , we all know that we will get a lot less important in the future . 
  splitting up into small states wont benefit us in the slightest . 
  not at all . 
  i am opposed to a catalan independence , but in case it happened , barcelona staying in the primera division would be benefitial to both sides . 
  it is simply used as a tool for political leverage currently . 
  edit : welp , some people really get upset when someone opposes independence for catalonia . 
  well , rules can be changed , especially when a lot of money is at stake . 
  do you have any information on whether the spanish government has a say on the rules of your football association ? 
  does the spanish government even have any authority over the league ? 
  i see no reason why they would leave their current league/why anybody would throw them out . 
  having teams like this is hugely profitable plus an independent catalonia would stir up the rivalry even more ( unless it ends in violence ) . 
  there are actually arguments for every neighbor being our favorite . 
  being similar in some aspects does not make you the favorite immediately . 
  as i said , it is a very difficult choice . 
  that 's a really tough one . 
  the same way we do n't really hate anybody anymore , we do not have some kind of ` favorite ' neighbor . 
  i guess we pretty much like all of the countries that surround us , at least we try to have good relations with all of them ( success rate differs on occasion ) . 
  but if i had to name one , i 'd probably go with france . 
  nobody expects that . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  and no , i would not have called for prosecution if she did the books for the nazis ( depends on the situation though , the case lies different with groening ) . 
  wasted effort . 
  it seems that people here do not care about reality if it does n't fit their narrative . 
  i guess i am more aware of what the stasi did than you , thank you . 
  `` by association '' - well that 's a way to disqualify a very large amount of people from ever taking an official position again . 
  because of the nature of the organization , we have access to the database of reports that were made on the things she did for the stasi . 
  of course a persons past history matters , but it is also possible to overcome your crimes of the past ( well , since you are talking about the ss : there are surely crimes that can never be cleared ) . 
  and by the way , your analogy sucks . 
  you should really educate yourself on what informal employees of the stasi did . 
  she was chosen because of what she did * after * the gdr , no matter if that selection was justified or not . 
  you could simply criticize her for not being a neutral person on the issue and everything would be fine , i would agree with you . 
  but no , you have to base your opposition on her having worked for the stasi sometimes thirty years ago . 
  / r/europe is still somewhat biased , especially the comment section . 
  reddit is not an appropriate display of the reality . 
  not even close . 
  but still better than r-european , agreed . 
  as i said , i do n't think she is an appropriate choice . 
  but this has nothing to do with her past in the gdr . 
  after quitting her job , she applied to leave the gdr , by the way . 
  informal employee is the only appropriate term as it is describes a unique class of stasi workers . 
  it is the term that was used by the stasi and is used to this day . 
  kahane was * not * an officer of the stasi but an informal employee of it . 
  she broke with the stasi voluntarily and she wo n't have the power to censor social media at her will . 
  i do n't think that she is a good choice , but bringing up the stasi past to discredit her and our media is neither appropriate nor justified . 
  i ca n't comment on sweden , but the increasing number of critical , skeptic or neutral articles in the recent weeks indicates that there is no such fear amongst the journalists . 
  while the media is generally more positive about the issue than the media in most european countries ( and possibly more friendly than the population ) , there are a lot of articles talking about the problems we are currently facing ( riots , capacity problems , immigration problems etc. 
  are not ignored ) . 
  there are fewer opinion pieces that are really critical of the situation in general , but they are present . 
  it always depends on what media you are consuming . 
  but this is true for any country , you have left leaning and conservative newspapers pretty much everywhere . 
  for decades we have been known as overly bureaucratic . 
  what did people expect actually ? 
  i can surely understand frustration in this situation , but expressing it does n't help you and does n't help the authorities either . 
  they are doing their best to handle the influx but they are understaffed and training new people to do the job takes some time . 
  how exactly does that boost car sales ? 
  nonsense . 
  it works in bigger countries as well . 
  the us only uses the state as regional indicator . 
  yea , the biggest state only has about half of our population , but it certainly is n't a problem/the reason . 
  you do n't have to change them in germany either if you move . 
  it used to be that way , but since a few years you are allowed to keep your old license plate even though the geographic indicator is wrong in this case . 
  people are generally more forgiving to people from a different location if they make mistakes in traffic . 
  the first point is fair .
