  nevertheless , since the german case was n't all that different , it clearly shows a significant difference between the systems . 
  you would never be awarded the sums you get in the us for the same cases . 
  in fact , in many cases you would not get anything . 
  it is also displayed in lawyer payment . 
  lawyers here do not get parts of the sums awarded . 
   deporting to their last country of residence , in this case , germany , i do not have a problem with . 
  this is extremely easy as long as this country is a stable democracy with a good human rights record . 
  the real problem however is that no country in the world takes interest in taking back refugees . 
   you will be happy relived to know the funds were finally approved today to move them . 
  have they found resettlement places yet ? 
  the last time i checked republican governors furiously agitated agitated against movement of guantanamo prisoners to their states . 
   it is in french but we managed to give it a good mangling in google translate quality journalism . 
  the nazi card never gets old huh ? 
  how is that even relevant today ? 
  well , punitive damages are n't really a thing here . 
  different system , different measures . 
  you remember that mcdonalds coffee case in the us ? 
  something similar happened in germany . 
  the women requested 1200 $ and was pretty much laughed out of the court . 
  well , i am obviously talking from a german perspective . 
  and from that perspective , obeying these principles is necessary if you want to hold up the rule of law . 
  given that they are mandated by our constitutions fundamental rights ( which apply universally to every person in our territory ) which can not be changed ( well , it would require a new constitution if you wanted to get rid of them ) , it is pretty clear which laws are ` more important than others ' , at least here . 
  of course , this likely is not the case for most countries , but it is one of the consequences we have drawn from the experiences of the unjust state of the nazi rule . 
  and frankly , i do not have a problem with that . 
  i find it ridiculous when i hear that some of our politicians are seriously suggesting deporting people without a fair and just trial ( i 'm fine with it if they are deported to safe countries however ) . 
  we , too , are allowed to manage our borders and immigration , contary to what some people believe sometimes . 
  however , we choose not to secure our borders because we are in the belief that it should be sufficient to close the outter eu borders which was originally mandated under schengen . 
  if we closed our borders today , all it would do is starting a giant chain of countries closing their borders . 
  it should be possible to cricumvent that and start at the finish , preventing the closure of eu internal borders . 
   frankly , the fact the 9/11 hijackers were on us and german watch lists should have been enough to have them deported . 
  if germany did n't want them and saudi arabia agreed to take them , i would have zero moral qualms deporting them there ( assuming they were still saudi citizens ) . 
  i 'd argue that we had no obvious interest of deporting the people at that point . 
  as far as i am concerned , the government knew nothing that would qualify as a crime at that time . 
  without a proper process , you obviously can not deport people . 
  nor can you emprison them without reason . 
  this would end up like guantanamo , something that i sincerely believe to be a pathetic institution for one of the most developed countries in the world , founded on the principles of freedom . 
  dont forget that they were considered harmless enough to allow them to travel into the us . 
  all you can do with potentially dangerous people is observing them . 
  in case they knew it - there could surely be a way of deporting people ensuring that human rights are held up . 
  like we are doing when deporting into the us - your country has to promise not to sentence them to death and we are fine . 
  this however only works if the country has a history of keeping its promises . 
   and if the accepting country may not treat them well , quite frankly , they should have thought if that before moving to a new country and breaking the law . 
  it always depends on the treatment . 
  something like death penalty and lashes are unacceptable in my opinion . 
  there is no simple solution that pleases everybody . 
  of course , at first sight , it would be logical to get convicted criminals out of your country as quick as possible . 
  however , fundamental rights , human rights and factual reasons prevent that from happening . 
  i am convinced that we must not , in any way , give up on the principles of giving everybody the chance of a fair process and that we must respect human dignity and protect the physical integrity even of those who have done bad . 
  this means that we wo n't deport into war areas . 
  abandoning these principles for short-term benefit will cause severe harm in the long run . 
  the rule of law must not be questioned or bent , no matter how popular it might be amongst parts of the population . 
  i do not think that a person who comes out of jail should be barred from public support , be it a national or a foreigner . 
  one could make excellent arguments why these people have forfeited their right of public support and that they should thus be banned from any financial transfers . 
  but essentially , this will turn out to be worse due to a higher possibility of this person turning to crime without any inome , as you said . 
  a person recieving welfare is significantly cheaper than a person in prison . 
  there is also another thing . 
  in cases where the prognosis is bad at the point where the person is released , ankle monitors could enhance the general security ( it 's no guarantee however ) . 
  for the inmates in prison , it totally depends on the person and the background of the crime . 
  not every crime is religiously motivated , not every criminal is a radical . 
  i would advocate for placing people who are radicals amongst people who have little risk of becoming radicalized . 
  what must be prevented is putting radicals together . 
  i however am no expert on this issue , so i do not know how the realities are here . 
  no ttip needed , the required privisons are already in power . 
   then we 'll tax the shit out of german banks and corporations operating in poland , how about that ? 
  let polish companies rise up and take their place . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but that would not be possible . 
  your country would immediately face isds cases . 
  i am not talking about lawmaking here ( even though i would argue that the uk not being able to prevail is caused by a lack of engagement and unwillingness to find consensus ) , but about the direct economic consequences . 
  in case of a brexit , i simply do not see the quality of economic access staying the same . 
  the eu would be pretty foolish if it allowed the uk to maintain the main benefits outside the eu , at least at the current level . 
  some of the benefits also only work because the countries * are * connected through the eu . 
  both sides have a significant interest in getting a good deal in a brexit scenario , but it would be a downgrade from the current relations . 
  the human rights of german women are not threatened by us holding up human rights for other people . 
  if you rape someone , you will get thrown into jail , no matter your nationality and status ( unless you are a diplomat ) . 
  apart from that , there is also no realistic way of deporting people there . 
  there is no airline servicing the war areas in question and i sincerely doubt that assad would consent with the deportation of criminals to his country . 
  the increases in trade have been mainly from countries that are not the eu . 
  half of our trade surplus originates from car sales . 
  true , countries in south europe need buyers , but there is no better way to fix this than boosting internal demand and comsumption here in germany . 
  it is exactly what we are doing . 
  unfortunately , countries like greece do not exactly have an export industry . 
  there is pretty much no engineering in greece and you wont ever get to a balanced trade if you are mainly exporting feta cheese and olive oil ( funfact : germany is exporting more olive oil than greece ) . 
  so effectively , it does not even matter how our consumption develops until greece steps up its exporting game . 
  again : this is not a universally valid statement . 
  this is only in the case where it is not protected by domestic law . 
  if domestic laws protect the privacy in these cases however , it lies different . 
  actually it is the opposite . 
  the surplus money will be used for dealing with the refugee crisis , boosting internal consumption . 
  this is what everybody has been demanding for years now . 
  i also do not get wehere you get this `` surplus = bad for other countries '' from . 
  if we were running a budget deficite , it would not be benefitial for the other countries either . 
  all it says is that our employment and consumption has increased significantly , which is n't bad for anyone . 
  it always depends on the reasoning . 
  if one is simply against any deportation , you are correct . 
  you however have to consider that we have fundamental rights and human rights that prevent people from being sent into war areas , no matter what they have done . 
  and rightfully so . 
  `` completely isolated '' is idiotic , but at least with the reu , it certainly would be a downgrade . 
   i would guess the recent refugee influx will push these numbers up a bit . 
  around 0.2 %, 
  well , one would have to be really stupid * not * to adapt to such a change .
