  well yes , but that 's only because a lot of people ( or actually not a lot of people in germany ) are paying with credit card . 
  this however ignores the following : the merchant 's fees for customers paying with credit card are already priced in . 
  yes , you do not pay a direct fee . 
  but the prices could effectively be lower . 
  especially when paying lower amounts of money with credit card ( lets say a couple of euros ) , the basic fees of the credit card companies can make the purchase a net loss for the merchant . 
  however , i do not want to say that credit cards are naturally bad or that one should not use them . 
  it 's a choice everybody should make individually , the state should not interfere here ( other than guaranteeing that all options , including paying with cash are available ) . 
  but it certainly is n't `` free '' to use them . 
  you know that you can be opposed to qe for reasons other than fear of inflation ? 
  it being an indirect form of government budget financing is enough . 
  could be worse . 
  i know , but still . 
  pretty much everybody is assisting you . 
   sure , they 'll hate `` the west '' in general but you could probably save some germans specifically . 
  they 're not so stupid that they ca n't tell there is division and differences in western nations . 
  i think their targeting is pretty random anyways . 
  we are not actively engaging in the conflicts ( with fighter planes ) . 
  if they want to hit us , well , whatever . 
   but then you would n't be an accessory anymore . 
  i think it 's alright . 
   probably take some militant islamist heat off of you . 
  well , who gives a fuck . 
  these people are going to continue hating on the west , no matter what we do . 
  so what . 
  could n't care less . 
  i do n't particulary like the program but i have no delusions in this regard . 
  the us would not stop carrying out drone strikes if they had no more bases in europe . 
  why should i be opposed to it ? 
  as i already pointed out : large parts of the us presence in germany do not have anything to do with nato . 
  surveillance of the middle east , carrying out drone strikes , having air bases in the middle of europe - that 's what you have . 
  and all of these things are core interests of the us . 
  what a bunch of morons . 
  actually they do n't . 
  spain is blocking independence for catalonia , the uk only reluctantly agreed to the scottish referendum etc. 
   you can never know for sure how things would be if it had n't happened , but it was happening and we just pushed it a little bit further and hoped that more countries would turn out democratic and secular . 
  yes , we hoped and failed to maintain a neutral and clear view . 
   libya is a mess but i am pretty sure gaddafi would have tried to kill many more if he was n't stopped . 
  around 7000 rebel soldiers died during the civil war in libya . 
  there were no bloodbaths in the cities ghaddafis forces conquered back . 
   in the worst case scenario it might have even turned in to another syria . 
  unlikely in my opinion . 
   so even though authoritarian dictators throughout history have been by far more damaging than relatively disorganised terrorist groups , it 's okay because the damage from the dictators is usually confined to a smaller area ? 
  i think it is very difficult to make a black/white decision here . 
  let 's say it depends on the dictator and the rebel groups . 
  we however know with certainty that pretty much all countries affected by the arab spring are off worse than before ( apart from tunesia maybe ) . 
  let 's say russia becomes a stable , western-like democracy in thirty years time . 
  a vote is held in crimea - a vast majority decides in favor of staying with russia . 
  hypothetical , but not unlikely . 
  do you really think that crimea should return to ukraine in this case , even though its citizens want to stay with russia ? 
  especially since a political transformation would very much ensure that things of this kind are n't going to happen again . 
   boko haram was actually considered the worlds worst terrorist group in 2015 , having the most deaths attributed to it , 6,644 in 2015 compared to isis having 6,073 in 2015 . 
  that 's why i especially talked about `` us '' . 
  isis has done significantly more damage to us ( and to the middle east ) . 
   boko haram has killed over 20,000 in total and displaced 2.3 million people from their homes ( some of which have added to the migration crisis in europe ) . 
  europe recieved 30k asylum applications from people from nigeria in 2015 . 
  not a lot . 
   and besides , they are wreaking havoc in nigeria , considering your eagerness to blame the west for terrorist groups , should n't we do what they say and stop funding education in africa ? 
  i am not blaming the west . 
  i simply said that the west paved the way for a situation that eventually allowed isis to form . 
   should n't we do what they say and stop funding education in africa ? 
  we could save all these people right ? 
  or maybe the terrorist actually just want complete control of the country and realise the west is what prevents them from controlling it so they choose to demonise us and turn local populations against us ? 
  oh do n't be ridiculous . 
  i never suggested anything along these lines . 
   if you would ignore genocides just because they are n't bothering your nation then that is just plain wrong . 
  i am not advocating for this . 
  you asked me to decide between rebel groups and dictators . 
  and , if we look beyond the last five years : yes , the autocrats have been brutal , they have been violent against any kind of opposition and their human right record was incredibly bad . 
  but getting rid of them has only made things worse in most countries . 
  while there have been problems ( especially for the population ) , the countries were mainly stable and most of them did not offer space for terrorists to grow . 
   if they had never bothered then i really doubt the world would be as peaceful as it is currently . 
  i agree . 
   have they made loads of mistakes and killed plenty of innocent people along the way ? 
  sure , but if they had never been the superpower then another country would have been . 
  how would the world have been if the ussr was by far the most powerful country on earth after ww2 ? 
  this is not the point . 
  what matters is the fact that some of these invasions were not required to protect the west or ensure us supremacy in the world . 
  the general outcome has undoubtedly been good for us and good for the world . 
  but this does not mean that everything that happened is legitimized because of the outcome . 
  you missed the * eventually * in the title . 
  and the * western-styled democracy * . 
  this will take decades at the very least . 
  at that point , the ukraine conflict will hopefully be history . 
   germans see national symobols quite distanced . 
  not that distanced however . 
  a vast majority is completely happy with showing flags during sport events . 
   singing the national anthem with proud was seen as questinable since well , not really . 
   before that , i could n't think of seeing german flags on cars or anything allotments were always a stronghold of german flags . 
  for decades . 
  your article supports my point actually . 
  it clearly states that you will deploy * rotating * troops and not create permanent bases in eastern europe . 
   we are very committed to the defense of nato allies , we just wish some other countries were as willing ... you completely ignore the fact that europe will very likely deploy rotating troops in these countries as well . 
  how exactly are drones , used in pakistan and the middle east , `` protecting our freedom '' ? 
  it 's not like they are used to fend off russian invasions or something like this . 
  downvoted for stating facts . 
  yes , it obviously is daytime in the us . 
   full aggression does n't need to happen for this to be a failure for all countries that respect international law . 
  china has taken this action out because it knows it can , be prepared to see more and more of that as nations like germany do n't step up to the table and throw their influence around , soft power and hard power . 
  i think it is a bit of a stretch to expect germany ( or any european nation for that matter ) to engage in this conflict . 
  we have zero projection power in that area , all we can do is talk .
