  yeah , very brave ... risking things as bad as downvotes and dissenting opinions . 
  op should be awarded a medal for such bravery !, 
  what do you even want to tell me by this ? 
  idiots like to shout at the government ? 
  nice . 
  totally got your point that germany is the stasi 2.0 across . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   to recap , police is keen to raid offender ' homes they are not `` keen to raid '' - raids are still a rather rare occurence , and they are n't used to intimidate people from expressing their opinion but to secure evidence in cases where people allegedly violated our laws . 
  this really is n't a strange concept . 
   folks get up to nine month suspended prison sentences for facebook groups it is not the fact that he set up an anti-immigration facebook group - it is what he expressed - things that went beyond a `` dissenting opinion '' - things that qualify as hate speech . 
  a significant share of germans is anti-immigration and some of them feel urged to talk about this on twitter/facebook/whatever . 
  nevertheless , they do not get prosecuted . 
   parents can be kept away from children if they utter wrong things if you read that article properly , you would notice that this could only happen if `` the childs wellbeing is at danger '' . 
  the article even specifies that a controversial opinion is not sufficient for that . 
  it also does n't contain an example of a specific case where something like this happened . 
  it is simply a statement by a union of german lawyers . 
   it does n't seem healthy to me ... i 'd mention stasi , or how you do n't have to persecute people subjected to fear and whatnot . . , but should really be playing games now , take care . 
  if one * completely * fails to understand what is going on , if one completely misinterprets articles like the ones you posted , then yes , it might seem unhealthy . 
  but if you actually have some basic understanding of the actual reality in germany , you will quickly realize that it really does n't pose problems . 
  neither to free speech nor to our society . 
  all you proved by your comments in this thread , by your allegation and by the linked articles is that you do not understand jackshit about this issue . 
  again - there is no evidence for cases where `` dissenting opinions '' were prosecuted . 
  unless they were seriously in the ` hate speech ' territory , but this is independent of the political couleur of the opinion . 
  it is kind of funny that you are throwing around articles that do nothing to confirm your point . 
  state prosecutors are looking into the possibility of prosecuting the head of a company that does n't comply with our laws . 
  how dare they !, 
   ease on conspiracy gibberish , that 's where you go when you have no argument left . 
  your claims deserve no other description . 
   german police is raiding homes you linked a comment of mine . 
   gov set up task force for ` hate speech ' on social media . 
  as i said , they are trying to apply existing ( ! ), 
  law to internet comments . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  you do realize that this is a statement concerning the judgement of the * society * and not of the government/judicial system ? 
   ehepaar wegen facebook-hetze gegen fl\u00fcchtlinge verurteilt the guy himself realized that his comments qualified as `` hate speech '' but argued that `` he did n't mean it that way '' . 
  how does that speak against anything ? 
   your gov can do whatever you let it to do . 
  the hate speech laws do have approval in germany , thank you . 
   however , there 's no reason to act all innocent when crap spills over to poland or turns into global dispute on censorship , as pointed in the article we 're commenting on . 
  the article gives no indication that this is in any way caused by german actions or laws . 
   retains some sort of unwritten claims on plum parts of ukraine , one might ask where the real line is , and how easily it might shift i can tell you where the line is : [ where it stops being red ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/nations/images/b/bc/map_of_warsaw_pact_countries.png/revision/latest?cb=20091107135053 ) . 
  seriously , we had duma members publically calling the german unification an `` annexation of the gdr '' - by that standard , they still have legitimate claims to this land if we apply their logic . 
  you are not making any sense currently . 
  you are speculating about the german politicans having some kind of desire to impose a tough censorship for dissenting opinions . 
  your opinion on this is , excuse my words , a huge pile of bullshit that lacks * any * rational basis apart from a dubious conspiracy theory of yours - not even backed up with a * slice * of evidence or anything that would remind us of evidence . 
  our politicians are trying to enforce laws that have been here for decades - so what ? 
   for example fixing `` leiharbeit '' there were some issues about this that were fixed during her period . 
  others werent . 
   and the minimum wage has still too much exceptions you could also say that it was at least implemented under her reign . 
  the framework decision 2008/913/jha , which this is essentially based on , was written at a time when these calls were n't even present in germany . 
  it simply was n't a major issue at that time and people were n't even thinking about the effects of the internet on this . 
  there is n't a conflict of interest here , i am sorry . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  are you trying to imply that the whole board is making decisions based on the interest of some banks that their head happened to work for or what ? 
  sorry , there is no evidence for this and it is also a ridiculous claim to make . 
  i agree on that . 
  i would resist to call it `` the biggest mistake '' , but it certainly was a significant one . 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
  you clearly fail to see that many european countries have laws against hate speech . 
  what is it that makes this an extension of german laws ? 
  at least education is not her fault . 
  it still is a state matter , with the federal states refusing to accept any changes to this . 
  what changes do you expect about the labour market ? 
  no , i referred to parent that expressed the desire for some kind of equivalent of the american first amendment in europe while calling us `` regressive '' for holding a different view . 
  i simply outlined the reason why we ( germany ) do not believe in unlimited free speech akin to the us . 
  completely unrelated to any specific example . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  reddit is not a country , it is not obliged to honour free speech in any way . 
  each sub is free to decide what content it wants or does n't want . 
  the fact that there are other subs where all the kind of content you are talking about is posted essentially nullifies your argument . 
  what you are claiming is ridiculous . 
  well , give me any example why it is n't . 
  the ecb is n't listening to the wishes of any country and despite the disagreements on the board when it comes to policy - it still is independent . 
  most ez countries are pissed of because the ecb is doing things ( for example qe ) or not doing things ( directly buying government bonds ) - because it is sticking to its mandate as an independent institution . 
  where did i say that ? 
  this is not what our laws say . 
  you just drew a line from german laws to the modding of / r/europe ? 
  kudos , mate , kudos !, 
  sorry , but this claim is nonsense . 
  these laws have existed here for decades , they did not do harm to the access to information . 
  additionally , the claim lacks any evidence . 
  we are talking about laws here , laws enforced by judges . 
  there is no evidence of a case where anyone was prosecuted for merely expressing an opinion . 
   because it was going to force russia to secure geo-strategically important areas : crimea . 
  it did not force russia to do shit . 
   instead we should stand up to both sides and tell them that we are not going to participate in their game . 
  what kind of ` game ' ? 
   that would be suicide because it would enable the two parties to envade europe one by one . 
  you are trying to establish the us as a ` danger ' to europe . 
  what the hell . 
  it is not like nato is the only thing standing between a us invasion of europe . 
   and the other european countries would have to sit there and watch because neutrality means to only defend one 's own country and denies them to defend other countries ' terretories against russia or the us , even if they know they are the next ones on the list . 
  no matter that the scenario you just painted is complete nonsense : no . 
  ever heared of realpolitik ? 
   and if they were n't neutral every single one would still need a un mandate . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the un would seriously mean shit in such a case . 
  germany/france/the uk/whoever is n't going to say : oh no , we have no un mandate to defend our neighbor against russia . 
  seems like we are bound to sit here and do nothing .
