  or at least it wont work . 
  it would require a change in law which is simply not going to happen . 
  this is not the us anyways , the political mechanisms work quite a bit differently . 
   everybody can say they do n't like the refugees and measures should be taken in the extreme cases where people incite to violence against other people . 
  this is not the issue here . 
  the govt . 
  does not want to turn facebook into a pro-immigration site , it just wants to stop hate speech . 
  expressing disagrement with taking in refugees is fine as long as it does not transform into hate speech or calls for violence . 
  well , its pretty much the same here on reddit ( at least on some certain subs ) . 
  no problem  i am pretty aware of the ` other stuff ' that happened , though . 
  you completely missed the point . 
  i was just talking about gold , nothing else . 
  simply a reply to the previous poster . 
  have they really agreed to the 10 % request ? 
   including eventual gold i guess . 
  unless the ingots are stamped and can be associated with any other country i guess . 
  unless thats the case , i think it is fair . 
  ( its just the german investment for eastern poland anyways , which obviously got stuck somewhere on the way / s ), 
   although russia never had something the size of the german heavy gustav good for them . 
  stupid waste of resources . 
  russia is * not * planning to introduce railway artillery to their arsenal and it would be pretty stupid if they did . 
  train artillery does * not * outclass the range of missles . 
  ( at least not the ones mounted on armored trains ), 
   this and the artworks . 
  one of the trains found right after the war had ~ 1200 of them . 
  the gold would be a bit of a let down , it 's just money . 
  there would be some ( local ) governments that would be really happy about an influx of money of that kind though . 
   i also wonder why were these trains buried in a first place . 
  did they have an intention of getting it back some time in the future ? 
  if so , there must be documents including the exact locations , finding them in that train would be also kind of cool . 
  well , according to the locals , the train was last seen in 1945 . 
  i think these people had nothing else in mind than hiding the train . 
  stuff that was hidden in that time was rarely documented . 
  not really . 
  according to the greek court of auditors , germany confiscated gold worth 1 million $ in current currency plus 235 million $ in current currency in stolen gold from greek citizens . 
  you would not need a train of this size to move that amount of gold . 
   still skeptical they 'd leave a train chockfull of gold or other extreme valuables in poland . 
  i would n't leave my shit in poland if i were a bad nazi dude . 
  hide it under berlin or something , not in poland . 
  i dont know . 
  a train of this kind is easily noticeable , it would have quickly turned into a target for the air forces . 
  also , we do not have the capabilities of ` hiding ' something like this in berlin . 
  the train disappeared for over 70 years , i would call it a pretty good hiding place . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  if it contains stamped gold ingots , then it would * maybe * be transferred here to research where it originated . 
  and it is quite possible that those ( well , * if * there is gold in there ) are not stamped . 
  why should we be allowed to keep the rest ? 
  i highly doubt that we have any legitimate claims for this stuff . 
  if this train was known at the end of the war , it would have been taken away from us . 
  hiding it does not grant the rights ` back ' to us . 
   i think romania had a problem with getting their gold back , but i 'm not sure 'cause reddit told me that one ... 93 t gold from russia . 
  this dates back to ww1 though . 
  you should take a look at [ project riese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_riese ) . 
  according to the administration of that city , there was illegal drilling of holes going on in the last months . 
  so it may be somewhat likely that they found access to it that way . 
  if its gold ingots , it will be pretty difficult to find the rightful owner . 
  we stole gold pretty much everywhere in europe ( poland is a different case as your central bank gold was saved before we could get hold of it ) . 
  the costs should be higher in a case dealt in front of a regular court . 
  most of it is for experts and research anyways . 
  if they can not shoulder the cost ( which is around 8 million on an average arbitration case ) , they probably wont be able to defend themselves in front of an independent court either . 
   source : worked for lawyers so you have dealt with governments that resisted regulation because they were afraid of isds ? 
  because that is what we are talking about . 
  if you have experience in dealing with lawsuits between not-states it lies completely differently . 
  ( writing in bold does not make your point more valid by the way ) a lawsuit alone , of course depending on the country , usually does not bring a country on its knees . 
  this has nothing to do with paranoia . 
  there has been evidence that courts can have a tendency to decide against foreign subjects . 
  look up loewen v. us for example . 
  you are overlooking something : the exact document that you linked shows that the success rate against eu states is significantly lower . 
  the world wide number is largely inflated by argentinia , amongst others . 
  and for europe , it have mainly been the states under former soviet rule . 
  countries with good and reliable judiciary systems seldomly are targeted by isds cases . 
  a success rate of 20 % is nothing special , 36 % settled claims also dont mean that either side was completely right . 
  take a look at any isds case , the judgement is usually very well founded and rightful , not less than any court . 
   well we are n't talking about people , we are talking about companies . 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  your previous question was :  again , why should corporations have the right to personally appoint their judges when people have to make due with whatever the state picks ? 
  ~ ~  why should a company have the right to appoint a judge to their case , while i as a person have to just make due with what is appointed ? 
  you are free to use arbitration yourself . 
  countries like spain even support the use of alternative dispute resolution financially . 
  unless we are talking about suing your state . 
  there is no basis to assume that national courts would prefer the state over a citizen or domestic company , there is no bias like there is with foreign companies . 
   but if i 'm up for racketeering charges i should be able to handpick a judge with known ties to the mob that hardly ever convicts anyone for racketeering . 
  and if you think that is absurd you might get why people are against investment protection . 
  the numbers on the isds cases won by investors draw a different picture though . 
   well i ' l be dammed , if they rich it must be impossible to buy them . 
  again , why should corporations have the right to personally appoint their judges when people have to make due with whatever the state picks ? 
  because no individual would be able to pay the sums that are required here . 
  on small level cases ( talking financial-wise ) , arbitration is a lot more expensive than regular courts . 
  with increasing money at stake , there is a point where the arbitration is cheaper . 
  also , they lack the knowledge on the issue . 
  many people are hardly capable of picking the fitting lawyer for their case , how can we expect them to select someone that is fit for this job ? 
  asides from that , there are `` regular '' arbitration methods open to the public . 
   cigarette laws in many european countries have been delayed . 
  whether that can be specifically because of the isds cases is hard to tell . 
  so no examples . 
  which countries delayed what laws ? 
  belgium and france actually started to seize russian assets , however at least belgium stopped after threats from russia to do the same with belgish assets . 
   corruption investigations to government people or ex-government people for instance . 
  for me that it \u00b4 s clear and i don \u00b4 t understand your doubts . 
  i still dont know what you are talking about .
