   along with our two kids you should probably clarify how old your children are . 
  i cant really think of stuff that wasnt mentioned here yet , unfortunately . 
  / r/travel probably . 
  where did he claim that he would hold greece in the euro at all costs ? 
  some of your hotels however offer better rates than the official ones to counteract people not spending their holidays there due to the francs drastic increase . 
  i have actually wasted so much time standing in front of vending machines trying 10 different 1 $ bills in the us . 
  i think the exchange counters at the airports have been hit the hardest - every time i walk through an airport i see exchange rates that are a lot worse than any ` official ' exchange rate plus i have seen the rate vary by as much as 10 cents at the same airport . 
  in terms of the currency alone - not at all . 
  not having to deal with exchange rates and bills from several different countries is super awesome . 
  in terms of ` not giving a fuck ' - maybe a little bit . 
  the old currency somewhat allowed us to not care about the economic problems of other countries ( well , the central bank had to deal with it , but it didnt require that much politics and it wasnt dealt with in public that much ) . 
  however , our economy benefitted so much from the euro that these uncertainties are completely outbalanced and the situation will hopefully calm down in the time to come . 
  can you tell me how we benefitted from ` the war on terror ' ? 
  i really dont like pointing fingers , however the engagements in afghanistan and iraq were not exactly crowned with success . 
  yes , the regimes in these states were suppressing minorities , they were dictators , they are not exactly what we like to see . 
  nobody would say that these states were even remotely in good shape . 
  however , look in what condition iraq and afghanistan are currently . 
  to ` achieve ' this , 3500 soldiers from the western alliance died ( afghanistan , 4800 in iraq ) , ten thousands were killed and the conditions did not exactly improve much . 
  can we get more names for this from other nations please ? 
  it sounds like there are pretty awesome names for this kind of stuff !, 
  we did fortunately not have a nato defense case yet ( and i sincerely hope that we will never have one ) . 
  my statement was directed at the ` recent ' conflicts like iraq , afghanistan or libya . 
  in many of these recent conflicts a lot of countries opted not to participate because it was ` none of their business ' or because they disagreed with the participation . 
  this would be different in a nato defense scenario . 
  such a case would not be about agreeing or disagreeing , it would be about honoring agreements - and i would be pretty certain that the nato member states would honor this agreement . 
  nevertheless , i think that the us would still do much of the ` heavy lifting ' in such a case - simply because it has by far the biggest army and best capabilities in the world , it has one of the few armies that is partly experienced in war plus it is by far the biggest country in this defense alliance . 
  however ` sitting on their ass ' is not what the european armies would do in a defense case . 
  when will they get that money anyways ? 
  it seems that they did n't so far , otherwise the situation with the imf repayments would be a lot less stressed currently . 
  i did n't claim that the us wants to take advantage of anything . 
  however , you can not deny that iraq and afghanistan were initiated by the us and pursued in us interest , no matter the actual outcome . 
  i am not saying that europe never started wars , however if you have a look at the recent decades , european military action was very limited . 
  and if you have a look at my other comments , i was always talking about the recent decades , not about a timespan of centuries . 
  how does that contradict my statement ? 
  also i have my doubts that the wars in afghanistan and iraq really were in our economic interest . 
  you can say much about safety , terrorism and whatever , but i seriously doubt that the wars had any benefit for europe . 
  that was not my point . 
  it is a shame that we did not intervene in balkan on time , this failure still has effect on current politics . 
  all i was saying is that the most of the military engagements of the u.s. in the last two decades would have been us engagements even if the eu had a more powerful military . 
  we honestly had enough examples of the u.s. being the one forcing military action around the world . 
  take the ` war on terror ' for example . 
  no european power would have fought that war from its own without the u.s. initiating it . 
  while i disagree that the u.s. should be responsible for everything , you can not deny that a lot of stuff was done by the u.s. in the interest of the u.s. 
  [ easyjet seems to think otherwise ] ( http://www.general-anzeiger-bonn.de/img/incoming/crop1645301/138198806-cw461/easyjet.jpg ) ( yes i know it is not accurate , however it is fitting  ), 
  is there anything that can not be done with duct tape ? 
  i really doubt that there was a war in recent times that was won without duct tape !, 
  also , it is named `` panzerklebeband '' here , which means `` tank tape '' . 
  why should they be afraid however ? 
  germany is neither capable nor willing of creating an army big enough to invade major countries . 
  france has nukes . 
  frances army is probably better trained than ours . 
  contrary to the 30s , every arms project is pretty visible to the public and lots of our equipment is developed in joint programs with other states - you somewhat know how to deal with something you developed yourself . 
  and last but not least , we like our frenchies . 
  we simply do not have a single reason to go to war with anyone . 
  this was totally not my point and this is not true . 
  you cant deny that your government and society have grown reluctant to deploy ground troops and fight larger-scaled conflicts over the last decade . 
  if london had been located at the canal - the germans would certainly have moved the * gustav * cannons there . 
  maybe even built more of them . 
  it would have resulted in an enormeous amount of resources being wasted building the artillery and ammunition that could have been used better elsewhere - the same goes for menpower wasted on that . 
  funfact - the accuracy of these cannons dropped down to roughly 1km from target point after a few dozen shots . 
  and that was on a distance shorter than the canal . 
  but what use would it have ? 
  mainly psychological , the same was accomplished with the v2s . 
  it most certainly would not have changed anything about the war . 
  also , i am sure that the brits would have been pretty fast in taking out this artillery if was actually threatening them . 
  the accuracy over that distance is actually so bad , i seriously doubt that it would have made sense with more than kent being there . 
  because it serves as a benchmark . 
  i doubt you would have a lot of backing for increasing military spending from 1.4 % to 2 % ( talking short-term , maybe a decade ) . 
  also , some special regional requirements or advantages can require you to spend more / allow you to achieve the same effect with less spending . 
  2 % is the target because it is widely seen as a ` healthy ' army budget , required in order to operate a functional and powerful army that matches your economic capabilities . 
  2 % should not be a target just because it is the target . 
  if a country is capable of providing a functional and powerful army at 1.8 % , let them be , it is still a lot of money . 
  we actually had long-range artillery firing over the canal . 
  a complete waste of money , resources and menpower , totally useless . 
  still , you get the point . 
  the minister of education from the country that ` won ' a few years ago said the following : `` we won , but that is no surprise . 
  we trained our children to be testing machines , they are drilled to take tests . 
  unfortunately this causes a lack of creativity and self-development , i would not advise other countries to adopt this model in its current form '' ( paraphrased ), 
  well , all major military intiatives in the last decades have been initiated and lead by the us . 
  many european states did not want to be part of this and decreased their effort in keeping up a large , well-funded military because there was no threat in sight . 
  actually the opinion in most other european states is that germany is n't doing enough and should spend more . 
  i think the biggest obstacle towards a bigger and better funded german military is germany itself . 
  this is actually how it should be , the us cutting a bit to ` normal ' levels whilst the europeans increase their funding a bit to roughly match the 2 % criteria ( i do not think it is needed to fulfill exactly 2 % , coming close would be a huge improvement ) . 
  the eurofighter/typhoon is still in production - producing spare parts should be possible . 
  are they currently ? 
  i mean this year ? 
  from what i read they at least reduced planned cuts by quite a lot . 
  well , i am not in the illusion that our army is ready for combat , i was just replying to the stuff mentioned in the article . 
  from what i have read , the jets not being ready for combat is mainly because of the lack of spare parts . 
  caused partly by the industry providing too slow and partly by underfunding . 
  well . 
   but in reality , germany also does n't act militarily because it ca n't . 
  i would put it the other way - even if we could , we would n't  only about half of germany 's c-160 transport planes are in service guess what - these panes should have been retired by now , the a400m is supposed to replace them but was delayed . 
  all plane examples in this article talk about this type of airplane . 
   the navy said it could n't participate in anti-piracy operations last week because of cracks in the tails of its helicopters . 
  these helicopters are us-made and have a construction problem with the tails . 
  what however is the most important about this is the fact that they are still able to fly and deploy , the mod just chose not to potentially endanger the soldiers . 
  i doubt that someone would give a damn about this in wartime . 
  the most important part remains however - and this is our air force , which is arguably in bad shape , this surely needs fixing . 
  i was actually surprised not to see any broomstick jokes here .
