  there were no customers that left the airport dissatisfied so far , 
  the question is whether the investment is low because they are poor or whether they are poor due to low investment . 
  holy shit south korea though . 
  this ` newspaper ' actually has a lower sales volume than the shitty local newspaper of my small home town . 
  i could not find any reliable sources for anything that is claimed in this article . 
  chania and santorini are amongst those taken over by fraport very recently . 
  let 's see if that can improve the conditions over the next years . 
  lol . 
  problem with the apple products : a large part of the price difference is that the us prices do n't include taxes . 
  additionally , talking about macbooks , they have a different keyboard layout than many european countries ( including spain iirc ) . 
  last but not least , there is a decent chance that the customs officer might want to have a word with you . 
  if you get caught , the product will be more expensive than the same product bought over here . 
  too bad that there is no questioning on political positions involved then . 
  there are no questions like `` do you believe in low sentencing for rapists ' . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  that ... sounds kind of ridiculous ? 
  `` oh , your topic does n't get enough votes ? 
  just combine it with another issue ! '', 
  as far as i am concerned , the text of the agreement was n't changed . 
  what you are claiming does n't really sound like isds at all and therefore i seriously doubt that this is entirely accurate . 
  source ? 
  is that even legal ? 
  can you have a referendum about multiple different things at once ? 
  the deals that i am talking about were exclusively german . 
  wikipedia has a list of them , again unfortunately [ only in german ] ( https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anwerbeabkommen#chronologische_liste ) . 
  to satisfy our need for workforce during the economic boom starting in the 50s , we negotiated treaties with several countries , encouraging immigration to germany ( some allege that the people responsible wanted to push down the german wages ) . 
  these deals were scrapped in 1973 . 
  most of the people that were not from turkey actually went back though ( i.e. 
  89 % of italians returned to italy ) . 
  no , i happen to be familiar with the selection process for judges . 
  which gives me a very good basis to tell you that you are wrong . 
  the programs encouraging migration from the various countries ( greece , italy , turkey etc. ), 
  were collectively scrapped in 1973 due to the oil crisis . 
  people started realizing that these people were here to stay after that point ( the scrapping actually caused many people to engage in family unification measures ) . 
  when it became politically desirable to ` get rid of the unemployed turks ' , the migration waves were already over . 
  additionally , it is an eec deal , germany did not have as much political capital back then . 
  as max frisch said : `` we wanted workers and got human beings '' . 
  what effect would that have ? 
  you ca n't simply take the rights of people away . 
  if this was to be cancelled , it would only impact people that are moving here today . 
  since the net migration rate with turkey is negative ( minus 7000 in 2013 ) for germany , cancelling that part of the deal ( the whole deal should not be scrapped as it addresses a lot of issues ) would simply not be worth the hassles . 
  additionally , it is n't really desirable to piss off turkey even more at the moment . 
  you just proved my point that you do n't understand shit about the german legal system . 
  we are not turkey 2 . 
  judges in the lower courts are not appointed based on their political beliefs or party membership . 
  this makes their appointment an apolitical decision . 
  not that i am aware of . 
  i actually have to correct myself - the deal was n't made by the ec , it was made by the eec . 
  [ here is the wikipedia article about it ] ( https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/beschluss_1/80_des_assoziationsrates_ewg-t\u00fcrkei ) - unfortunately it 's only available in german . 
   as you can see in their graphs , `` with an eu background '' is usually slightly above and `` with a non-eu background '' is slightly below . 
  ( honestly , i 'm slightly surprised that the employment numbers for non-eu are n't higher , i assumed most would need a job in order to have a residency permit , maybe a lot of them are stay at home wives ? 
  how are kids counted anyway ? ), 
  at least in germany , the main group is still of turkish citizenship . 
  thus , a special deal that the ( then - ) ec made with turkey applies which effectively means that you can not get ` rid ' of unemployed turks after a certain time of employment . 
  yes , but the existence of manslaughter does n't change the fact that `` murder is murder '' . 
  ... we do have that too . 
  but that 's not really about culture . 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | germany what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | german and english what is your usual timezone ? 
  it happens that i stay awake for much longer than the `` regular '' cet `` working times '' . 
  have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | moderated some smaller forums a few years back what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | having a conversation on various issues with people who have other viewpoints , other backgrounds and nationalities . 
  it is easy to get stuck in some nationally biased point of view , it can be an eye-opener to talk to someone on the opposite side . 
  i actually enjoy conversation with people that do not share my opinion the most - there are some posters on this sub that i do not agree with , yet they really are very decent people to talk to , writing well-informed , polite and honest comments . 
  unfortunately , this can not be said about everyone . 
  i would dare to say that a good chunk of the people of / r/europe is either unwilling or incapable of having a nuanced discussion . 
  nevertheless , the same is true about real life , it 's neither forbidden nor should it be ( as long as it does n't end up in insults ) . 
  nobody is forced to argue with these people . 
  good debates and respectful behaviour should be encouraged however and i do think that / r/europe is a somewhat decent environment for this to happen . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | depends on the matter . 
  i think it is harmful for the whole moderation process if you take every small decision to the entire mod team . 
  as a mod , you can be expected to act on your own at least concerning certain issues . 
  for the more complicated or controversial issues i strongly believe that decisions should be made by the team . 
  it can become quite problematic when there happens to be one mod that seemingly makes most of the decisions alone , as we have seen in the past . 
  this does n't go well with the community , a mod should always act in a way that his decisions are representative for the whole mod team . 
  so i would say what matters most is that a mod works as a * part * of a team . 
  this does mean that it is not necessary that everyone is involed in every decision at all times while the action is still representative for the teams will . 
  i however do not really feel qualified to talk about this as i do not know about the inner workings of the mod team . 
  there are a lot of people that i have tremendous respect for on the mod team and i do believe that working with them would be a pleasure . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | i am perfectly fine with the ruleset . 
  the two recent changes on the local news rule were a very decent step towards greater transparency . 
  rules which reduce the ( potential ) impact of political bias of the moderator making a decision are the way to go . 
  i am convinced that clarifying the rules will pay off in the long term as the number of `` contested '' mod decisions will decline . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | i still am convinced that we could have a better sub if it was n't a geodefault anymore . 
  i do not want to got back to the pre-geodefault times because , if we are honest , it was heading in the direction of being some kind of echo chamber ( at least on some issues ) . 
  however , the drastic increase in user numbers creates quite a lot of problems . 
  since this however is not realistic in my opinion ( removing it from the geodefault list has been a popular demand for quite a while now - since it did n't happen yet i do not expect it to happen in the future , but i am okay with that ) , i will say that i would like more posts on european culture here . 
  i would also like to do something about the visibility of / r/askeurope on this subreddit . 
  since a few months , the enforcement of the rule that questions belong into / r/askeurope has become quite strict . 
  that sub however has little to no visibiltiy , most people on / r/europe either do n't know that this sub exists or they do not care . 
  and that is quite a shame . 
  some of the threads over there actually contain quite valuable discussions and comments that would fit / r/europe very well . 
  i would like to see a weekly thread on / r/europe linking the most relevant and most interesting threads from / r/askeurope . 
  why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | i have spent about three years on this sub as an active commentator and happen to know that moderating a subreddit can be quite stressful if there are not enough people to do the work ( it happens way too often that a few moderators on a subreddit do the heavy lifting while others are idle most of the time ) .
