  i think that germany is not the biggest obstacle towards doing so . 
  sch\u00e4uble has called for a pan-european budget commisser multiple times ( this would be the key for germany to accept fiscal transfers ) but was met with denial all over europe . 
  especially tsipras just said a few weeks ago that something like this must never happen . 
   i agree , but we could have procedures in place for countries to leave the monetary union , temporarily if need be . 
  it 's only a monetary union after all , it 's not much what we have , and only barely functioning . 
  the problem is : this wouldnt fix some of the problems as the debt is still issued in euros no matter what . 
   i think we need to face the fact britain does not have a future in the eu . 
  it was already pretty clear the past years , the rebate , not in schengen and a dozen other treaties , the country has one foot in the eu and one foot out , at one point it will have to put two foot either way . 
  the rebate is actually fine . 
  the structure of the uk economy is completely different from the rest of the eu , which would force them to be the largest net contributor without a rebate , they would have more net payments than germany even . 
  as for the future - i still believe that the future of the uk is in the eu . 
  that is a very narrow definition of ` local ' . 
  i 'd argue that e.g. 
  the `` bild hannover '' or something like this is a somewhat `` local newspaper/tabloid '' . 
  the * bild * also has regional branches . 
   for me though it just reinforces my opinion that we should have never had a eurozone . 
  this does not make sense to me . 
   or a limited one , a eurozone of netherlands , germany and austria , that could have worked in the current set-up . 
  it probably would have . 
  however , the political reality would pretty much force this euro group to accept france , which is a lot better than the current setup , however france would suffer heavily from it . 
   the future is outside europe , and many countries in the eu are pretty protectionist , considering the eu is mostly a project of the aristocracy this is not likely to change . 
  this still is only an improvement to overall standing in the world , not influence over the eu . 
   i do n't think anybody but germany has that . 
  besides , shaping the eu would roughly mold an entity that is a kin to the average of all european peoples . 
  if the britons would play a more active role , they would pretty much have the power to do so . 
   i 've seen predictions indicating possible outcomes of a brexit would lead to aditional economic growth . 
  it probably would n't really make a difference , they 'll leave the eu and negotiate a separate fta . 
  its all speculation . 
  almost everything depends on the terms . 
  we will probably never know  influence over europe is not really important in the future , everything of importance is going to be in the us and asia . 
  europe will probably fall into several blocs with several states having their backyard . 
  i dont see europe falling into blocks . 
   first e would need a debt write of , not going to happen . 
  second we would need a fiscal and banking union , and a political union . 
  this however wont happen with the uk . 
  gdp per hour worked is significantly higher , average worklife is a lot longer , efficiency is generally higher . 
  you could support this statement with a lot of other facts , however we are far from the top of efficiency . 
  it still doesnt change the fact that the uk doesnt want to play its role . 
  it is true that germany is an introverted country , i guess we would be pretty happy if we could just focus on ourselves instead of having to ` lead ' . 
  after a brexit , the uk wont have more influence . 
  how should they ? 
  currently they have the power to shape the whole eu if they just want to . 
  they wont have that kind of power after they leave . 
  also , the predictions are not exactly promising what would happen to the economy in case of a brexit , further bringing them away from a position of power . 
  if they turn towards other countries , it might be benefitial for their economy , however it wont improve the influence over europe . 
   also the eu has spend most of its years , it 's going to remain going downhill from here into an uncertain future , either it stays or it goes , in both cases it leaves its members deprived of progress , and in a perpetual state of decline . 
  i disagree . 
  however only the future can tell . 
   immigration does n't work as well as a sustainable population . 
  i dont deny that . 
  however if it is necessary , it will be the lesser ` evil ' . 
   it 's not unlikely that we see , with the eurozone slowly desintegrating and germany which is simultanously facing a demographic breakdown declining with it , the uk coming out this decade or the next as the most dominant power in europe . 
  unlikely . 
  it is not due to the size of their economy or their population that the uk isnt the dominating power in europe right now . 
  it is because they focus on internals instead of actively taking their role . 
  germany being the dominating power currently is actually just because the french arent in the position to play their part and because the uk doesnt want to . 
  there is no change in their population required to make the uk a leading force again . 
  it also heavily depends on a possible brexit . 
  also for the demogaphic breakdown - it wouldnt be the first time germany fights a lack of workforce with immigration . 
  it seems she * is * human after all . 
  depends . 
  debt payments of this size are not unusual , it all depends on whether you have access to the lending markets at a good rate . 
  for example the corporate tax is different . 
  28 instead of 29 % now , at the wish of the imf . 
  he agreed to vat increases , pension cuts , primary surpluses etc. 
  which wasnt accepted in the former greek proposal . 
  yes . 
  i think there are some extremist left people who hate their country/flag in pretty much every country . 
  it might be a bit more ` common ' here ( although i never experienced something like that ) , nevertheless ` mobs ' are extremely rare . 
  the left extremists prefer destruction of property ( so the flag ) . 
  and dont forget the stronghold of german flags - the * kleingartensiedlungen * . 
  i guess it is more due to being afraid of a germany in a position of power . 
  even though we have turned for the better , the * angst * remains . 
  the two times germany rose into great power during the last century , it did not turn out well . 
  one time we even put the whole continent in ashes and slaughtered most jews in europe . 
  it depends on how ` human ' these people are depicted . 
  usually ww2-area games are a slaughterfest without any ( positive ) character building however , so i dont have a problem with that . 
  if they develop someone into a psychopath i dont have a problem either . 
  i cant wait to hear someone that is actually important talk about the issue . 
  yes , the quoted guy is deputy chairman of the spd fraction , however i would not consider him ` leading personnel ' . 
  same goes for friedrich , he was layed of from being minister of interior affairs to not being a minister anymore . 
  hm ... not really . 
  the vehicles are superior but the sheer numbers of the allies make up for it . 
  it also depends on what mod you are playing . 
  what a biased article . 
  eu bad !, 
   as ever , the eu is effectively punishing britain for our success and the growth of our economy . 
  this is how it works for everyone duh . 
  while it surely is true that there is no national patriotism here ( we have constitutional patriotism though ) ,  if you have a german flag in other time than football wm some lynchmob will come and burn your house . 
  is just wrong . 
  how should we feel ? 
  probably a bit ashamed that this stuff originated here , sometimes fascinated , sometimes disgusted . 
  i dont exactly feel salty . 
  of course we care because it is an integral part of our history and identity . 
  as for films , i can pretty much distinguish between movies and reality . 
   moreover , how your schoolbooks introduce that period ??? 
  outlining how bad everything was and a lot of facts if i remember correctly . 
  personal anecdote : an american student once asked me if we play all the games of the likes of call of duty ( the old ones ) from the perspective of the germans . 
  the other poster was me ... 
  i didnt elaborate because i posted more in the other reply .
