  interesting . 
  i have never encountered one of them with decent rates . 
  there 's always a first time i guess . 
  this is the greatest bot ever, 
  we do n't subtitle in germany . 
  everything is dubbed . 
  you can pretty much only get frustrated by a lack of original tone . 
  [ `` peaceful '' ] ( https://www.texasobserver.org/mass-shooting-2015-texas/ ), 
  according to the minister of interior affairs of hesse , it is only the attacker who was killed . 
  there are no reports about civil casualties . 
   it 's all quite odd either the bankers think there is a 0 % chance of brexit ( what a conspiracy ) or they think nothing substantial will change if the brexit vote happens . 
  more likely , it is a small jump of increasing confidence , based on the remain side ` coming back ' in the polls . 
  the gbp dropped a lot since the beginning of this year . 
  even with the recent rise , it is 15 ct below its value at the beginning of this year . 
  foreign exchange bureaus have crap rates anywhere in the world . 
  yes . 
  entirely non-representative . 
  honestly i would be fine with disqualifying our team for the next decade in exchange for the brits staying . 
   but that is extremely paradoxical . 
  countries that have issued ` quality ' bonds enjoy debt relief . 
  it is n't . 
  contrary to what the author is claiming , it would not be neutral from a balance sheet standpoint for the other states if greece defaulted on its ecb loans . 
   how is this possible ? 
  when the ecb buys government bonds from a eurozone country , it is as if these bonds cease to exist . 
  although the bonds remain on the balance sheet of the ecb ( in fact , most of these are recorded on the balance sheets of the national central banks ) , they have no economic significance anymore . 
  each national treasury will pay interest on these bonds , but the central banks will refund these interest payments at the end of the year to the same national treasuries . 
  this means that as long as the government bonds remain on the balance sheets of the national central banks , the national governments do not pay interest anymore on the part of its debt held on the books of the central bank . 
  all these governments enjoy debt relief . 
  the thing is : this is n't the case . 
  this would require the interest on the government bonds to be equal to the share of the ecb profit the respective countries get . 
  in 2015 , the ecb collected 224 million euros in interest from the greek bonds it bought under the smp program . 
  the profit of the ecb in 2015 was 1.082 billion euro , the greek share is 2.8 % or 30.296 mio euro . 
  as a result , we can conclude that these bonds did * not * cease to exist . 
  in theory - yes . 
  in practice - not really . 
  you do not really see the small nations dominating the eu . 
  do you really believe that cyprus would stand against the rest of the eu ? 
  they even gave in on the turkey deal , which is a much more severe issue for them . 
  you literally used the term `` has the right to leave it '' - it does not get much clearer . 
  and no , the brexit happening alone would * not * prove that . 
  it * could * prove that you can leave the eu and prosper , but this is not certain . 
  it could go either way and set an example for either notion . 
   one being france . 
  i do n't think frances threats are that credible anymore . 
  they have threatened to abandon the negotiations multiple times and they did nothing . 
  another country that announced to veto it is greece and i do not think that this is going to happen either . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the door to leave the eu is open for anybody , brexit or not . 
   germany is the only economy i the euro zone which is growing wrong . 
  only [ greece ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7301631/2-13052016-ap-en.pdf/ ) did not see growth on a year-to-year basis in q1 2016 . 
  we are not even the fastest growing country in the ez . 
  we have never been and we will probably never be . 
   and which has a significant trade surplus this is not how it works . 
  greece for example ran a deficit before it joined and it runs a deficit now . 
  you can not really blame that on the currency . 
  if there is nothing to export , a new currency wo n't really change that . 
   it meas that the eu and the euro work to the benefit of just germany , not for the benefit of all of us . 
  nonsense . 
  the eu claim is ridiculous , the euro claim as well . 
  all european states enjoy an easy flow of capital thanks to a stable , common currency . 
  many european states enjoy interest rates that are significantly lower than the interest rates that would be appropriate given the conditions of their budgets and economies . 
  the hassles with high inflation in the south are gone . 
  i could go on , but you get the point . 
  and in case you missed it : the weak euro is actually not our work . 
  yes , it benefits our exports , but we never wanted this scenario to become reality . 
   which is why i am voting afd next election . 
  then maybe we have a party in the pairlament who will stand up for german interests instead of sending our taxes into that black hole in the south east . 
   it would n't be the first nation file for bankruptcy and they wo n't be the last , let them , i say instead of prolonging the suffering . 
  similar italy and france . 
  this would damage our pension funds even more than just low yields . 
  and our economy for that matter . 
   they magically lowered it to 0 % . 
  i am confident that this process also works in the other way , if the ecb wants to . 
  you do n't exactly seem familiar with how central banks work . 
  raising the base rate right now would be pretty terrible for the whole ez . 
   the interest rate from the federal reserve has been climbing up to 2 % . 
  looks like an alternative to me . 
  the fed is at 0.5 % . 
  and that took them eight years . 
  plus the economic recovery in the us is a lot stronger than here . 
   yes , and bverfg should start to uphold it instead of weaseling itself out of the responsibility by hiding behind the european court . 
  it did . 
  the programme is no violation to our constitutional rights . 
  end of the story . 
   but consistently ignore german interest ... 
  fancy that , now i know like the brits feel about the eu . 
  could be worse . 
  that 's what you get if you aim for a `` one fits all '' policy . 
  yes , one could argue about the pros and cons of the euro in general but this is not the point here . 
  the euro itself is not up for debate . 
   am confident they could if they had to and it would n't be the end of the ez either . 
  greece is still in it . 
  they 'll stay too . 
  greece has loans with lower interest rates than most other european countries . 
  but this only works because the lenders are the other states . 
  greece could not service its debt at ~ 10 % interest rate which would be more appropriate . 
   but this is exactly what the ecb set out to do under draghi . 
  secondary effect . 
  without the interaction , the euro would likely have imploded years ago . 
   since ecb policies are directly responsible for that mess , i will hold them accountable .
