  ttip has no potential to change the way we conduct business . 
   however , despite a lot of people 's understanding , vattenfall can not make the german government undo its decision - it can only make the abandonment more expensive . 
  exactly . 
   i do n't know about international courts . 
  states are very reluctant to file complaints against other states due to diplomatic ties . 
  if you look at the wto , the dispute settlement system is completely politicized and the most pressing questions just wo n't be resolved because of the potential political upset . 
  its not meant to be a court of this kind , but rather an instituionalized version of isds , still investors vs. states . 
  including a second level where you can appeal , with appointed judges that are not allowed to serve in private business for years before and after their service . 
  simply because smoking has fallen out of favor . 
  alcohol is a drug that , if invented today , would not be allowed for sale . 
  it is proven to be harmful for health and the cause for crimes and families breaking up . 
  nevertheless , there would be no one opposed to our local breweries lobbying against a limit in alcohol sales . 
  quite the contrary , they would get a lot of support and solidarity from the population . 
  talk about hypocricy . 
  everybody that , in a developed country like most european countries are , starts smoking , should be fully aware of the health risks . 
  introducing plain packaging wont change that . 
  i am certain that you can get through with english here . 
  the allianz , amongst others , has english as a working language and in cities , enough people understand/speak english for you to live a decent life . 
  i would actually not be surprised if vattenfall was successful against germany suing for abandoning nuclear power after prolonging the run-time of these plants half a year earlier . 
  there certainly is a need of some kind of arbitration , be it isds or an international court like many politicians in europe seem to favor nowadays . 
  ttip hardly has the potential to challenge us as much as the current refugee crisis . 
  nevertheless , talking about ttip feels like breathing fresh air again on this sub . 
   investment arbitration has the objective of providing legal certainty in countries with comparitively unstable legal systems . 
  given that the us has a system that includes civil juries that can basically ` ignore ' law in their judgement , it justifies applying exactly this principle in an agreement with the us . 
  look up the case of loewen v. united states . 
  it was straigt up `` unfair '' jurisprudence , favoring a domestic company . 
  ( it does n't matter that the case was lost , due to various reason , political exercise of influence on one judge amongst it ), 
  and how is that changing anything for the eu ? 
  we have stuff of the same kind happening in almost every area of life , food companies inventing new `` seals of approval '' from `` independent '' researchers . 
  it hasnt prevented people from banning stuff so far . 
  despite fake research and whatever else , many countries introduced bans on smoking ads , on colorful packagin , on smoking in restaurants , bars and cars . 
  obviously , they are not that successful . 
  i am not a ttip supporter , nor am i an enemy of ttip . 
  i think that free trade is a good thing , but i will wait for my judgement until the final text is released . 
  the eu has brought superior environmental and social regulations about its member countries , why should they turn the opposite way now ? 
  the benefits from isds is that we , for the first time in history , have a kind of jurisdiction that can ( in large parts ) prevent discrimination of foreign companies ( if a no-discrimination clause is agreed upon , which is the case here ) . 
  have you ever thought about how this stuff was settled before we had arbitration and similar stuff ? 
  gunboat policy . 
  including strains on diplomatic relations , including occupations . 
  many of the main points against isds have been recently resolved , such as greater transparency , `` loser pays '' agreements , treaty shopping and other things . 
  there have been multiple cases where isds has proven to be benefitial as it overturned clear cases of discrimination . 
  as i said before , the `` regulatory chill '' that you mention is far from proven to exist . 
  it the history of isds , we have had 608 cases of companies ` suing ' states . 
  356 of these are finished . 
  if you would assume that 10 % of these are against legislative actions , we sit at 36 cases world wide . 
  if you apply the regular `` success '' rate of eu states here ( which is 44 % , not including the cases where it is settled , and even this number is too low as the success rate against legislative action is way lower ) would mean that we have had below 16 cases in the whole world ( plus these actions have pretty much never been succesful against states of the level of development of ours ) . 
  not exactly an amount that would let lawmakers frighten when introducing new laws . 
  we have yet to see ` election campaign contributions ' towards the people negotiating ttip . 
  they are no ` regular ' national lawmakers who really need that much money to be elected . 
  ( also , this issue is a lot worse in the us than here , we dont have super pacs , we dont have large sums in our elections ) . 
  / u/limitlessltd took part in many recent immigration debates and also on other topics . 
  you dont know how much time he has to spend on this sub , and nor do i. 
  just because someone is not permanently active does not mean anything . 
  if you have limited time , you are naturally picking topics that concern you . 
  and there is a lot of misinformation and fearmongering considering isds , so i would call it an important topic . 
  you are free to read whatever you want , but i think the ` issue ' here is hugely inflated . 
  guess what , companies will lobby against proposed regulation that might harm their business . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i am no friend of smoking myself , yet i think that these people are actually obliged ( to their shareholders ) to try and lobby against regulations harmful to their business . 
  nowhere is written that these attempts will be successful . 
  despite heavy lobbying of the tobacco industry , we have a ban of smoking in bars and restaurants , despite heavy lobbying from the chemical industries , the us introduced harsher environmental regulations for this area in the last years . 
  we have yet to be successfully sued for it . 
  and the cases where ` big tobacco ' sues countries are far from certain to be successful . 
  do not get me wrong . 
  i think it is somewhat rightful to be concerned , however i really dislike this `` oh my gawd they had a meeting with a tobacco company '' . 
  if these companies were able to get something written into the ttip text , we will see it once the final text is released . 
  and people will judge that text , and judge the parts independently , not based on who brought the suggestion into the negotiations . 
  we do not need namecalling here , we do not need to insult people as ` payed shills ' , especially not when we are talking about people that try their best to highlight both sides of the debate , such as / u/savannajeff . 
  i have yet to see a post of his where he heavily advocates for the `` pro-ttip '' side . 
  he said multiple times that he has not made his mind yet , and i fully respect and agree with that . 
  this ` regulatory chill ' is nothing but an allegation , there is no scientific basis for this claim . 
  a mere 10 % of isds cases are directed at legislative action and they are rarely , if ever , successful . 
  lobbying is not prohibited as long as it doesnt evolve into bribery . 
   so-called `` big tobacco '' firms have already used similar legislation to sue countries around the world : philip morris used a comparable trade treaty to take legal action against australia over mandatory plain cigarette packaging and is also suing uruguay in a $ 25m lawsuit over its attempts to enlarge health warnings on cigarette packets . 
  none of them has been successful so far . 
  unless these cases are decided , it is just terribly wrong and utter nonsense to use these cases as example . 
  we live in a free world , you can sue for whatever you want , however suing alone doesnt win you the process/arbitration already . 
   why else would this petition only have roughly 2,5 m signatures . 
  because a petition wont change much , and for good reason . 
  it went pretty well with our governments negotiating trade deals in secret in the past , why should that be different now ? 
  he has never said that these agreements might or might not be shady . 
  he simply advocated for having some trust into the eu and said multiple times that he will judge once the final documents are released . 
  as any intelligent human being should . 
  blindly being in favor of it is about as bad as being against it without knowing its content . 
  so i guess i am a payed shill aswell ? 
  / u/limitlessltd did essentially nothing but outline the information on the issue released by the eu , yet you accuse him of being payed . 
  thats just borderline stupid . 
  conspiracy much . 
  frankly speaking , we ( the germans ) could n't even if we wanted to . 
  deporting people into war areas does not only violate human rights but also our fundamental rights which cant be suspended . 
  in case of other countries starting to deport in areas of this kind : we would see our courts prohibiting sending ` back ' people into countries deporting people into war areas . 
  because efficiency does not matter if it is frontex paying for it . 
   also nobody 's going to pay for a flight . 
  deportations back to their home countries are usually payed by frontex if i am not mistaken . 
  i am not sure how this works in relation to basel though . 
  no they wont . 
  most courts in europe do not consider greece being capable of humane treatment of refugees anymore , so most countries halted deportations to greece . 
  its how it was once supposed to be , but it is n't done that way ( and besides the inhumane treatment - greece would simply be overwhelmed by the sheer numbers ) . . 
  your country signed that human rights charta as well . 
  problem : we can not legally deport people to syria or any other war-ridden area ( like libya ) .
