  there unfortunately is not much discussion about it , debts are generally conceived as bad , greece & co. serving as an example where you can end up if you do n't manage your debts ( not personal opinion here ) . 
  people ignore that investment today can pay off multiplefold in the future . 
  even if you have to go into debt for it , investing in infrastructure can pave the way for prosperity for the next generations . 
  you have to be careful with it though . 
  not every investment is worth it and in case you fail , you really made the lifes of your successors harder . 
   the germans should finally raise salaries of their mitarbeiter so that other euro-zone countries can get some breathing space german wages are increasing faster than in a decade and they are increasing faster than in most parts of the ez . 
  the consumption is increasing as well . 
  it would be unwise to force things . 
  is n't this headline a bit misleading ? 
  it 's only temporary and the people already having access will be allowed to keep their access for now . 
  he is new to the parliament ( its his first term ) , he is very young , he does n't hold any relevant position in his party or the parliament , he is in the opposition and most people wont even know his name . 
  simply irrelevant . 
  this is hardly worth reporting . 
  an irrelevant politician from an opposition party calling for a stupid thing . 
  can we move on please ? 
  this is not what i am saying and de facto , the regime change was accomplished by libyans with western air support . 
  this discussion also comes up every second week on / r/europe when it is not even an issue in germany ( apart from some right-wing nuts shouting ' i cant say what i think . 
  suppression !, 
  again , nato did nothing in libya . 
  i know what was authorized . 
  there are advocats for both sides . 
  some say it was covered , others say it was n't . 
  its especially funny that it was nuked down by americans . 
   i understand that germans can get in trouble for saying hateful things is this true ? 
  somewhat true , but by far not as impactful as some commenters here make it to be . 
  the average person will likely never come in contact with these laws . 
   what kind of things are illegal ? 
  quick differentiation : * calling for violence , appreciating the death of people ( like expressing happyness about the people in the truck in austria dying ) , blatalant racism - not ok . plus , due to history , holocaust denial is illegal . 
  * being critical of the current situation , the government or its policies - completely fine . 
  you could write `` merkel is full of shit and her immigration policies are ruining germany '' without any problems . 
  or `` the people coming here are incompatible with our society , we will face major problems with them '' - still fine . 
   do they enforce these laws ? 
  yes . 
  however the enforcement is very restrictive . 
  the statement needs to be made `` capable of disturbing the public peace '' and usually , only expressions in public are even dealt with ( in publications , newspapers , rallies or maybe the internet ) . 
  there is some tolerance with statements that just border the appliaction area of the law , the sentence will in most cases be some monetary fine . 
  you * can * be put into jail for it , but only if you continuously violate this law in major ways . 
  people are rarely emprisoned for this kind of action , [ cases like this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11993382/german-nazi-grandma-sentenced-to-10-months-in-prison-for-holocaust-denial.html ) being the special case , not the norm . 
  we also apply this law to foreigners by the way . 
  for example british bishop richard williamson got a $ 1800 fine for denying the holocaust . 
   this is a very foreign concept to us . 
  it surely is , but your country was founded on other principles and ideals than ours . 
  so far , our system has worked very well , and yours too . 
  i think neither side sees reason to change its way of dealing with it . 
   because if true it basically means ( some ) people are afraid to openly criticize their government policies . 
  the statement alone proves that there is freedom of opinion . 
  the people shouting ` we ca n't say what we think ' are usually right-wingers that are unhappy that they can not call for violence or appreciate the death of people in public . 
  being critical is completely fine . 
   why not fill the gap with people from other eu countries which have high unemployment ? 
  because we failed to introduce a decent immigration system that fits our needs in the last decade . 
  schr\u00f6ders government had a proposal in the pipes , it was shut down by merkels cdu ( opposition at that time ) . 
  ironically , they are calling for this exact law now ( disclaimer : this law is about normal immigration , not about refugees ) . 
   i am 99 % certain that they would be given the minimum sustainance , something close to harz4 . 
  given that hartz iv can be reduced in case of misbehaviour ( failing to try to get a job ) , i do not see why convicted criminals should get more . 
  these laws address statements that go far beyond `` sharing your opinion '' . 
  for decades , this law has done no harm to us , i do not see why it should now . 
  well , both are probably better suited for children than the ones we tell in germany . 
  probably the most well-known ` children story ' in germany :  hansel and gretel are a young brother and sister kidnapped by a cannibalistic witch living deep in the forest in a house constructed of cake and confectionery . 
  the two children save their lives by outwitting her while broiling her alive . 
  what i am constantly asking myself : assuming po wins the next election and gets a majority like pis now - will they revert all the changes or will they quietly take advantage of the created situation ? 
  being in government , it can be quite ` convenient ' to have a tame constitutional court and friendly media . 
   maybe they even get allowed for civilians again . 
  extremely questionable . 
   they put more effort into suppressing speech then they do stopping this violence the effort they are putting into this is minimal . 
  the law has been around for decades , judges are doing their job as they always did , all that the government did was to tell the social media managements that they need to obey german laws when offering their service in germany . 
  it is pretty much a non-issue here , really . 
   in this case it really looks like the government trying to silence critics of their policies , too . 
  if you had * any * knowledge of how this law is applied in reality , you would know that this is n't the case . 
  without taking a standpoint on his statement , it was n't adressing criticism but people straight up expressing their disappointment that some pro-refugee people were * not * raped . 
  this goes quite a bit beyond ` criticism ' . 
   well reports are of around 1k just in cologne 1k was the total number of people gathered in front of the central station . 
  as / u/slyratchet has pointed out multiple times ( and sourced ) , the number of people assaulting people has been much lower ( still not something to be happy about , but please stay with the real numbers ) . 
  their refugee status will be revoked , accurate . 
  they will be asked to leave , but they will likely not follow it ( who would , really ? ) . 
  the next step would be deportation but as stated , this is not possible due to legal and practical reasons ( there are no ways to transfer someone to syria currently ) . 
  i unfortunately do not know whether they are completely cut off state support or if they are ` just ' reduced to the lowest amount legally possible . 
   excluding calls for violence that is . 
  this happens to be a very relevant passage of the german law considering this as well . 
  the issue with the application of this law in germany is extremely overblown . 
  whether you want to put this under ` hate speech ' depends on your definition and might get a bit lost in translation . 
  migration alone is not suited to avert our demographic crisis . 
  labour gaps are better filled with regular immigrants . 
  we already are extremely competitive , we have no need to depress wages currently . 
  you are correct in saying that , for these purposes , controlled immigration of educated people would be the best solution . 
  but filling the gap or generating revenue for us has never been the point of taking in refugees . 
  * however * , now that these people are here we are trying to make the best of it . 
  some of them might be capable of filling our labour gap , we will see . 
  guess what - thats we are doing/intending to do . 
  the problem is that they need language proficiency first which is a bit problematic currently due to a lack of german teachers and late access to german courses due to administrative rules . 
   is this like the amateur section on telegraph and i 'm just missing it ? 
  it also seems to be the amateur comment voting section on reddit . 
  hate speech is a crime in multiple european countries and it is a concept that is not foreign to parts of the us either ( even though not commonly enforced as fas as i know . 
  they also severely differ in some countries ) . 
  oh come on . 
  this discussion again ? 
  and the comment section is already filled by americans who do n't know shit about what this means in reality ( it really does not mean much for the average person ) while holding up their definition of ` free speech ' which they believe to be universal . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  somewhat the same is true for this article . 
  and now come forth , bury me in downvotes . 
  how is that a ` tough line ' ?
