  [ here is one source ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-07/fluechtlingspolitik-umfrage-ard-deutschlandtrend-aufnahme-grenze ) that talks about 60 % approval for the same amount or more refugees . 
  the article explicitly talks about the numbers before that being much higher . 
  quite likely , yes . 
  hollande might be incompetent , but what your government is doing is on a whole different level . 
   maybe you 're an exception but i thought that israel was viewed as much hostility as russia for instance . 
  not at all . 
  as i said , we are just pissed by your government . 
   i 'm in the belief that germany is one of the few within mainland europe where if i say i 'm from israel the opinion would shift to positive . 
  i would be lying if i said that we have no anti-semites here . 
  but generally , its rather fine . 
  there 's a bit more to that . 
  the parts that have previously been done by uneducated workforce have been replaced by robots . 
   you mean you do not dislike the israeli people , when someone says they dislike x country they usually mean the government by default . 
  yes , but you talked about the boundaries . 
  is it guilt ? 
  i do not know . 
  but we will forever stay a friend of the state of israel and its citizens . 
  this is why i disagree with `` viewing israel negatively '' . 
   israel is extremely important for jews worldwide for a variety of reasons . 
  the holocaust is one of them . 
  i was just watching think , i 'll link here because if i can sum up the feeling in the video ( or two minutes ) it would be this . 
  well , of course it is . 
   i 'm not saying criticism of israel suggests you are anti-semitic by default . 
  you can criticise x policy of the government and still be a supporter of the state of israel . 
  your politicians seem to confuse these things at times . 
   a large majority of refugee 's generally acquire citizenship in the countries they live in . 
  we have the opposite example : the bosnian war . 
   a total of 63 per cent of the 171 600 persons with a refugee background had norwegian citizenship on 1 january 2013 . 
  404  the criterias for norwegian citizenship are very rigid and they do n't allow for dual citizenship . 
  please do n't spread misinformation just for your own political agenda . 
  i do n't know about the norwegian requirements , but in germany , you need to be able to provide for yourself and your family for several years before you are eligible . 
  this will already ensure that most of them wo n't gain citizenship in the forseeable future . 
  and no , i was just talking about germany where what i said is accurate . 
  especially considering the comment chain above - we were talking about  people who become undesirables and career criminals . 
  which is a lot different from the average refugee . 
   what about the homeless natives in germany . 
  they can go to the authorities and apply for unemployment benefits . 
  they do not get less because of this . 
   you already took them in and ca n't deport them unless they break the law or do something that 'll get their refugee status revoked . 
  even then - we can not possibly deport to syria . 
  we do not view isreal negatively , we dislike your government for its actions . 
  big difference . 
  a trump presidency would make me dislike the us government , but i would still like the country and its people . 
  yes . 
  70 % + of germans were in favor of talking in refugees until the numbers grew too large . 
   do n't need to be educated to be working in a auto factory theoretically actually you do . 
  we really do not need unqualified workforce . 
  i do n't think that 's realistic . 
  there is seriously noone that is opposed to foreginers if they are productive members of our society . 
  apart from those who believe that we need to keep our country free of * any * foreigners ( you know , this ridiculous belief in keeping some kind of bloodline clean . 
  similar to the ` aryan race ' under hitler ) . 
  and those guys are our nazi party who currently fails to get 2 % in pretty much all states . 
  especially since we desperately need doctors and other highly educated people for our society and economy . 
  our workforce is projected to decrease by eight million people over the next decades , we need people to fill these gaps . 
  and since they are in fact gaps , they are not taking jobs ` away ' . 
  you will always find hatred for unproductive members , but being too productive is not the problem . 
   well i do n't know if merkel did some special deal with erdogan , but this was not promised on the european level . 
  i very clearly remember our pm justifying the deal at home by saying that it will likely mean that we will actually get a very few migrants , since they will be deterred from traveling to greece and once they stop travel to greece , we wo n't have to accept anyone . 
  so unless he was bullshiting , i do n't think there was any minimum amount . 
  there was actually a maximum amount ( 70k people ) . 
  this is accurate . 
  it is possible that i confused something . 
  but if the stream dries out , i do not think we will sit around and do nothing . 
  it might also be possible that this is an informal agreement that does not bind the rest of europe . 
   the misinformation is really a huge problem . 
  true . 
  honestly , this is pretty much consensus . 
  neither of which will solve the ukraine crisis . 
  this depends on how the bundesrat will be staffed in a few years . 
  you have to get one level higher - 35 billions because the money spent on refugees also includes housing etc. 
  well , what do you want us to do ? 
   either way , i do n't see germany or any other country taking a lot of refugees under the turkey deal . 
  iirc , it was promised that we would take a minimum amount no matter the 1v1 exchange program ? 
  i can be wrong though . 
   or the agreement stops working for some reason , which now seems quite likely , and then the whole resettlement program is cancelled . 
  even if the program is canceled , we wo n't see the same numbers of refugees as they would be stuck in greece . 
  the balkan route wont open again . 
  the turkey deal is essentially just a deal to help greece . 
   you could also argue that denmark is not a desired country because they have stricter immigration laws this in combination with being a lesser known destination . 
  when you are set to go to germany or sweden , you wo n't consider denmark or the netherlands unless you have no other option . 
  it does not matter to these people that the living standard there is even higher than here . 
   the opposition does n't even want to declare maghreb as `` safe '' . 
  the opposition is not the government . 
   then syria will never be . 
  never . 
  most of the people after the balkan wars left voluntarily with financial support . 
   it 's not true . 
  the idea of `` taking care of them in the region '' has resulted in every neighboring country closing it 's border to syria so people are stuck in the middle of a war . 
  it depends . 
  the way it is set up currently , this is problematic . 
  if we spent the money immediately , build camps like the one in kilis , it gets a lot better for both sides . 
  the host countries and the refugees . 
   the idea the it was more cost-effective was nonsense from the start anyway i stand by this . 
  because it is still millions of refugees who are taken care of in the region , which is much cheaper than having them here . 
  this fully depends on the developments in syria . 
  the country does not need to be prosperous and completely built up to count as ` safe ' . 
  i know how the system works , thanks . 
  does not change the fact that they will not gain citizenship as you claimed . 
  and syrias future is far from certain . 
  i disagree .
