  to prevent these countries ever getting trapped in the political use of gas flows . 
  if this is ensured however , opposition from these countries is essentailly not much more than a protectionist strategy to maintain the influx of transit fees . 
  i can understand that it 's good money , but we have no obligation to subsidize other governments budgets with our gas purchases . 
  you mean trade agreements ? 
  if yes , the answer is no . 
  it is an exclusive competence of the eu since a few years , something that the uk has recently been very critical of . 
   the copy of the letter seen by reuters is signed by the prime ministers of the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , poland , slovakia and romania and the president of lithuania . 
  so it 's essentially ` just ' eastern european countries . 
  i would have expected italy to join in given renzis public stance on ns2 . 
  the eastern european countries have two reasons to be opposed to this : security concerns ( which would be legitimate to a certain extend ) and fear of monetary loss ( which would not be legitimate ) . 
  for the latter case - it is fine that you dont want to lose transit money , but it is ridiculous to use the eu as a tool in this . 
   yep and ? 
  i mean it would be foolish to assume that previous gov made only good decissions . 
  it however is the case that things like this need some stability and long-term planning . 
  it is n't without reason that introducing new military equipent is an expensive and slow process . 
  governments need to be a reliable partner in contracts of any kind , even if these governments change . 
  no true western democracy does anything of this kind . 
  and for good reason . 
  it can be debated whether you should have a death penalty or not , but torture must not be tolerated . 
   i mean they help pay for israel 's nuclear arsenal . 
  we did not . 
  we delivered some submarines that * can * be equipped with nukes . 
  something something rule of law . 
  actually it is pretty much impossible to change that part of the constitution . 
  it is possible to abolish the right of asylum , it is not possible to abolish other parts of our constitution that affect this matter . 
  exactly . 
  the constitutional court has ruled that people that have been accepted as refugees must not be treated significantly worse than our unemployed people on benefits . 
  human dignity and minimum requirements for life play a role in this . 
  our constitution does not allow this . 
  that 's because the mechanisms in place so far are weak . 
  once you make it impossible for people like this to claim benefits in germany ( and this is possible in an interconnected world ) , people will stay . 
  take a look at this : [ refugees coming to europe ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/85/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_eu-28%2c_january_2014_%e2%80%93_september_2015.png ) . 
  the statement in question was made at the end of august . 
  do you see any drastic change ? 
  i like the dutch one !, 
  i think `` enjoy your meal '' would come the closest in the anglosphere . 
  i am well aware of who is responsible for the insa polls . 
  and no , they are not . 
  you should check the acutual data agin . 
  it is not accurate that ` everyone polled lower in baw\u00fc '' . 
  yougov is known for being accurate on * one * occasion in germany so far . 
  the ecj has recently made a decision on this topic ( c\u2011443 / 14 and c\u2011444 / 14 ) which essentially says that it is okay if countries set geographical restrictions for refugees , but only if the people affected belong to a group that has troubles integrating . 
  i would also like to outline the difference between `` asylum seeker '' and `` refugee '' . 
  the primary group that is affected by residence limitations are the people whose asylum request is still being processed . 
  so as conclusion , it is possible to limit the freedom of movement under certain circumstances , but it is not warranted to make a general statement that refugees do not have a right to freedom of movement inside their host country . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i am advocating for setting strict limits to the movement of people during the time they are processed to ensure that we could quickly deport them in case their case is rejected . 
  and for people with a very low chance of getting accepted , i do not have a problem with doing that today . 
  however , if it comes to people that have a decent chance of being accepted , i do not think it is a good policy to force people to stay in a small area * as long * as processing asylum applications takes six months or more ( which is not unlikely currently ) . 
  once they can reduce that time significantly , i have no issues whatsoever with limiting the movement of people until their case is decided . 
  afterwards , it does not make much sense however . 
   i seriously doubt they would ever require a visa for a western european country well , i doubt that too . 
  it would be stupid as all hell and it would do great damage to us-eu relations . 
  i can understand that nobody is going to put that on their campaign website . 
  but i am a 100 % certain that someone ( but i unfortunately can not recall who ) suggested this in the debates and at least one other candidate agreed with this . 
  but hey , it does n't sound that remote compared to a general ban on all muslims , dont you think ? 
  some republican candidates however already talk about renouncing that system . 
  this headline is so wrong and i would have expected that a german newspaper would know better about the german parties : i would argue that the fdp , despite all recent failures , still qualifies as a mainstream party . 
  and they have been critical of merkels refugee policy for quite a while now . 
   yet now the eu will wait another year before turkey accepts this responsibility ? 
  if turkey wants to get what it demanded , it would have to act . 
  we have no obligation to honour our commitments if they dont honour theirs . 
   and actually the geneva refugee convention does allow refugees to be contained in facilities so long as they are safe and cared for there . 
  yes , but not in the way you just proposed . 
   refugees do not have a right to freedom of movement in their host country . 
  inaccurate . 
   ( police do what government tell it to do ) actually there have been no signs of major government interference here . 
  mistakes were made , but you can not blame our government for that . 
  and apart from that , it made big news . 
   angela merkel caught on hot mic griping to facebook ceo over anti-immigrant posts not adressed at government criticism but at statements violating our laws . 
  facebook is obliged to obey our laws when operating here . 
   it was from isis not from gaddhafi ... 
  the threat was made by gaddafi . 
   greece and turkey unilateraly opened the border . 
  so other countries unilateraly closed it . 
  inaccurate . 
   it is not consipiracy , it is real . 
  refugee crisis ? 
  every week we have some islamist attack against western people around the world . 
  the only people that are so blind ( or have a degree of complicity ) are some europeans government like germany . 
  there have been actions that have been attacks on us . 
  the refugees as such are n't . 
  why are you quoting the number then and reply with an article about 24 year olds ? 
   the same response but with dailymail link about 24 year old . 
  this does not make sense however . 
  you are not seriously going to contest my result of 220k are you ? 
   like censor news and facebook posts against the government as germany does ? 
  we are n't doing that . 
  give me a valid source that would indicate that we are . 
  and by the way , german authorities are doing nothing , facebook is censoring stuff . 
   as i have said in the previous posts . 
  you said that germany and greece started it . 
  which is wrong . 
   menace the security of the european people letting such a flood moving freely around europe without any control . 
  control the border is an obligation of a state , not a choice . 
  this is not about human rights however . 
   this is a proxy war , plain and simply . 
  this reall is utter bullshit . 
   but the germany is so naive that it does n't recognise a menace even if an enemy announce it . 
  gaddhafi is dead . 
   so , no problem about closing balkan route .
