  but then we want to be ensured that this money is not going to waste . 
   czechs , slovaks and who else produce parts , germans assemble the car and take the prize . 
  is n't this preferable to no eastern european jobs in the auto industry ? 
  building up a industry of this kind is extremely difficult and expensive . 
  germany investing heavily in eastern european plants has brought prosperity to these countries after the end of the cold war . 
   czechs , slovaks and who else produce parts , germans assemble the car and take the prize i am not aware of any sk\u00f4da factories in germany . 
  the czech republic makes more from exporting finished cars ( 15.1 bn ) than from car parts ( 11.5 bn ) . 
   what make businesses do it , why not say move to eastern poland \u2122 and do everything locally ? 
  because nobody there would be able to compete with the existing brands . 
  and by the way , we are building whole factories in eastern europe that are building complete cars . 
  prof. flassbeck is known for taking a. . . different stance than most of the german economists . 
  uhm . 
  greek leaders have furiously rejected the notion of any european control over their budget ( as it was proposed by germany and france ) . 
  the issue is less that we ( as germany ) could not afford relieving greeces debt than two other things : first of all , greek debt is also held by multiple other european countries who are not in the same position as we are . 
  france for example would severely struggle . 
  secondly , it creates a problem with fairness . 
  when we grant a debt cut to greece , why should n't spain , portugal and italy get one as well ? 
  they have pursued similar policies and they have been more successful . 
  every country that feels treated unfairly is free to leave the euro . 
  they were known by everyone that joined the euro . 
  you can not agree to rules in the first place and then blame your misery on the rules . 
  it 's actually astonishing that we managed to surpass turkey . 
  i would argue that he would have done it after attacking poland but before advancing on the soviet union . 
  but you are right , it is nothing we know for sure . 
  / r/the _ donald is leaking, 
  ** translation : ** according to eu parliament sources , one of the authors of the terrorist attacks in brussels used to work as a room cleaner in the european parliament . 
  the company he worked for is a private enterprise , but the cleaning staff had access to the offices of the meps . 
  the exact time of employment and the identity of the man in question have not yet been disclosed . 
  representants of the eu parliament will give a statement on the issue very soon . 
  honestly , i should never have started this . 
  i simply made a stupid `` what if '' scenario . 
  this is completely free from any political leanings . 
  and if you are seriously in the belief that i am somehow morally invested in the reputation of nazi germany ( which i am not ) , let me assure you that you are wrong . 
  i find it to be kind of a weak attempt to discredit me based on my nationality . 
  i am sorry if you got that ( wrong ) picture of me , but i have neither an interest in lifting the reputation of nazi germany nor did i intend to do so . 
  this is pretty much like a scenario in which we talk about `` what would have happened if stauffenberg killed hitler '' . 
  purely hypothetical . 
  you seriously did not bring facts that would support your argument for a definite impossibility of an invasion . 
  but as i stated , it does not matter . 
  at all . 
  all that matters is that the uk was n't invaded which was for the best of everybody . 
  -- -- -- the whole point of this was you stating that  the fact is they needed do to win ww2 . 
  which they never stood a chance of doing . 
  on which i answered that it might have been possible under certain circumstances . 
  which you are contesting . 
  that 's fine , we dont need to find an agreement . 
  what i want to say is that it was never my point to argue about `` who is the greatest '' but about what * could * have happened . 
  but please , do not bring ridiculous claims and accuse me of bein a `` nazi sympathizer '' . 
  you seem to be a bit insecure about the british empire having faced a hypothetical loss in ww2 . 
   you see this is where you are going wrong . 
  it means it was impossible for a nazi invasion of the uk to ever take place . 
  for hitler to invade the uk he needed air control of the english channel , in order to gain naval control ( which was another area britain was particularly strong in ) in order to transport troops/tanks across the channel . 
  i wonder where you get that from . 
  yes , they would have needed air superiority . 
  yes , they did not achieve that in 1940 . 
  what makes you think that they would not have reached that target in 1941 with full focus on the uk ? 
  from 1941 , the germans outproduced the uk on planes afaik . 
   the loss at the battle of britain , a time when german strength was at it 's peak the german army did not peak in 1941 . 
   the raf was too strong and the luftwaffe was too damaged to make a realistic second attempt of it arguable . 
   luftwaffe came out of the affair much worse off then the raf this is accurate . 
   this whole time you 've been acting like your british ? 
  look at this flag next to my user name . 
  does n't really look like the union jack to me . 
  i simply used the term `` we '' because it is easier to write `` we '' instead of `` nazi germany '' every time and everyone knows what i mean by it . 
   oh god , i now know why you are so invested in pushing forward fictitious anti-uk pro german arguments , you 're an insecure german who ca n't handle the fact you got your arse spanked in ww2 . 
  i have repeatedly stated that i am thankful for the turn of events . 
  sorry , but i do not need to rely on propping up a murderous regime to feel great . 
   you need to get over it man and accept reality . 
  you guys lost ww2 . 
  britain and the allies won decisively . 
  i. . . never contested that ? 
   once their luftwaffe was damaged to the point it was they realised an invasion of britain was impossible . 
  with the forces assigned for the bob - possible . 
  with its full strength - possibly a different outcome . 
  and i can assure you that they would have used more forces to cover a sea-based invasion . 
   only then ( a full 8 months after the end of the bob ) did they look towards russia and eastward expansion . 
  i have already outlined that sept/oct was the latest point for he axis to carry out an invasion . 
  they , under no circumstances , wanted to invade during the winter . 
  which means that the next possible time would have been april in 1941 . 
  at that point , they were already preparing for attacking the soviet union . 
   comprehensive link to access more information the link was wikipedia ... and i went through the whole article and at no point , a historian talks about the possibility of an invasion in 1941 or about how the failure in the bob lead to the shift towards russia . 
   you seem to be arguing against the academics lol , none of those words were mine . 
  i am just confused because a google search for  `` the battle of britain solidified britain 's control of the air above the united kingdom and indeed above the english channel . 
  this paired with large scale damage to the german luftwaffe neutered nazi germany as an offensive threat , forcing hitler to look eastwards . '', 
  did not yield a single result . 
  especially the second sentence runs counter to everything i have so far read on the issue . 
   so you mean it prevented the uk ( country you live in ) falling to nazi germany , meaning it prevented at the time the last fighting obstacle between hitler and complete control of europe . 
  it allowed britain to continue fighting in the war , it allowed the western allies to liberate france . 
  it allowed the british to take the war to nazi europe through regular bombing campaigns on areas of political and/or industrial interest . 
  i have stated exactly this . 
  however this does not mean that it would have been impossible to invade the uk in 1941 had n't the nazis attacked the soviet union . 
  which is my goddamn point here . 
  the scenario i initially painted was `` taking on the european countries one by one '' . 
  this would mean focussing on the uk after the occupation of france since the uk was the only country left at war with us at that point . 
   are you honestly still trying to act like it was n't a huge turning point in the war ? 
  considering up until that point the nazis had steam rolled absolutely everyone . 
  it was a turning point for sure . 
  but the military impact was minor , as i said . 
  the luftwaffe did not lose more planes than they produced in the same time , they had more pilots after the battle , the general state of the german forces was still decent . 
  what 's relevant is the strategic win .
