  help in the region is money well spent . 
   what are the requirements ? 
  x years , ability to speak german , and ability to sing the national anthem ? 
  being free of criminal history ( meaning over three months of prison sentences ) , being able to support yourself and your family without government support for several years . 
  amongst other things . 
  it is one of the tougher ones in europe . 
   also if they have kids , who will be german , the parents can not be deported . 
  we dont have ius soli . 
  thanks , appreciated !, 
  what you are saying is inaccurate . 
  there are a bit more significant requirements than just staying here for six years . 
  most of them wo n't be eligible as it requires the continued ability to support yourself and your family without government help . 
  just about the passage . 
  accepting them was in accordance with the rules and effectively healed the passage . 
   i wish that eu would actually have a coherent foreign policy focused on preventing crisis in our neighbourhood . 
  well , one can dream . 
   so basically single moms , unaccompanied children , lgbt people or other minorities , single young women who are vulnerable to become a target for sexual crimes . 
  iirc this is the basis for the resettlement from turkey and the un in general . 
   happen : like 80 % of the first arrivals will be young healthy men , public will get pissed because of that and politicians will close the borders again . 
  in the meantime the more vulnerable groups will try to make the journey and they will get stuck , just like they did in greece . 
  true . 
   but you ca n't really blame eastern european countries for that , we did try to ressetle some people and they left to germany after like two months , even though they were treated nicely and got a lot of support . 
  i do n't blame eastern europe for this , i blame the rich and important countries for this . 
  the eastern european nations have a weaker social security system and nobody can expect them to take large amounts of people . 
   it was a huge pr disaster here and obviously people now will be super sceptical of any other ressetlement plans . 
  naturally . 
  but i think this could be prevented by better paneuropean checks . 
   i do n't see why germany does n't create some major ressetlement programme , people actually do want to come to your country , your public and politcians are still probably open to immigration ( ? 
  ) , so why do n't you launch something like australia or canada only with bigger numbers ? 
  well , the turkey agreement is in fact a resettlement program and we will take the lions share . 
   i get that it is hard to fight that , but denmark is an example that it is really not that impossible , they did launch a marketing campaign in the middle east and they 're not getting as many migrants as germany or sweden . 
  well , we did something of this kind too . 
  i would like to contest that the low numbers in denmark are caused by these ads . 
  i would argue that it is rather caused by the fact that denmark is not a desired country like germany , sweden or the uk are . 
  additionally , denmark effectively closed its borders * plus * they are sitting behind the refugee destination # 1 . 
  contrary to germany , it is rather easy for them to close the border . 
  this is odd . 
  because it 's usually the same people who argue how important it is to help directly in the region and that we should not take anyone in . 
   i guess so , but i really hate this . 
  it always happens in every discussion platform that once there is a dominant opinion established ( does n't matter whether liberal , conservative , right-wing , left-wing ) , other opinions get downvoted and people who have these different opinions tend to leave and then the discussions are boring echo-chambers . 
  i 'm not saying that each opinion should be equally represented , i just wish the minority opinions were not downvoted . 
  you are right . 
  a neutral discussion where people vote based on quality instead of opinion has become very rare these days . 
   that 's the human nature , really hard to do anything about that . 
  and also our political system of voting people in for a relatively short time , typically 4 years , is not exactly creating the best conditions for long-term solutions . 
  not saying that we should change the system , obviously the alternative of having someone in power for a long time would have other risks . 
  well , merkel is in power for 11 years now , we certainly had the conditions for long-term decisions . 
   the really poor people will not make it to europe anyway , not under the current conditions when you have to pay literaly thousands of dollars to get here , because there is no other legal way ( well except for maybe the deal with turkey under which some migrants should be transported to europe for those who are deported , but who knows how long the turkey deal will last ) . 
  well , i did not mean the poorest bit , but the people who arrived in the second half of '15 have certainly been lower educated and had a lower wealth than the ` previous wave ' of refugees . 
   that 's the reality , by taking migrants in , we 're not helping the ones who are most in need . 
  i think you are aiming at priotizing resettlement of those in need over accepting those who have the means to get here without the help of the un . 
  i think that 's a laudable goal , but it is highly problematic . 
  because , as we have seen , the commitments of countries under these relocation programs are laughable . 
  in the whole of 2015 , amids the biggest refugee crisis we have seen in decades , slightly above 80,000 people were resettled by the un . 
  countries like australia are praising themselves how humanitarian they are for taking in a few thousand refugees annually ( iirc , there was no country that took more un refugees than australia , but this immediately gets less impressive when you notice that they talk about 5000 people or something like that ) . 
  the pledges of the uk and france are laughable . 
  yes , relocation would be preferable over people coming here themselves . 
  but it results in the same thing as always : people think it is a problem that is far away and reduce their help . 
  i think that we actually helped more people in need by our policy of open borders ( ignoring all negative side effects for this argument ) than we would have helped through pure resettlement . 
   the reaction of your politicians and your public has been a pull factor , there 's no doubt about it , we will probably never know how big this pull factor was , but you ca n't deny that the way germany reacted encouraged at least some of the migrants . 
  i have written [ this piece ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) on it where i suggested that it * might * have caused some extra refugees but it was far from the fundamental reason . 
  and by some i mean that it could have been over a hundred thousand . 
  however , there are strong indicators that people who already were on the way simply adopted our policies as a justification . 
  and it 's not just the government to blame . 
  as i outlined , our government publicly declared that the tweet about accepting all syrians was not true - it just was not picked up by any major media outlet . 
  and we have also seen that the reality does not matter to these people - they are grasping at every straw they can find . 
  they know that their country is in ruins and they * want * to believe the human traffickers when they tell them that they will get a free house and a job . 
  you can not really fight that . 
  the data on the reality is available on the web , people choose to ignore it . 
   there are also some cases where the deportation of a refugee was stopped by german citizens ( for now ) . 
  i think the most common problems are refugees ` disappearing ' when they are supposed to be deported and them getting a sick note from a doctor to prevent them being deported . 
  the legal things preventing deportations are not the problem in my opinion , it is the factual problems that make it so difficult . 
   deportation also requires some effort and costs money . 
  true , but it usually is cheaper than paying benefits for years . 
   in germany you have much higher rent fees , much higher food prices etc. 
  interestingly , our food prices are en par with greece , who earn significantly less . 
  i really do not envy them . 
   that 's very interesting , i will remember that . 
  this originates from how the benefits for our own citizens are determined : they are pretty much as low as possible while maintaining the ` dignity ' of the reciever . 
  since human dignity is the leading principle of our constitution and since it applies to everyone inside our borders , we can not put the refugees in a worse position . 
  if the benefits for domestic suspects were higher , it would be a different story . 
  it is also not said that they * need * to be on the exact same level , the constitutional court just said that the amount previously payed was too low . 
   damn , what a mess . 
  well , unfortunately it is a mess . 
  caused by a lack of cooperation and countries not sticking to the rules . 
   do n't know why people are downvoting you people do n't like getting called out . 
  it 's easier when you can just pretend you did everything right and that only germany was at fault . 
   i agree with the general stance that we should try to keep the migrants where they are and prevent them from traveling to europe in large numbers i think everyone does . 
  but everyone fails do act when it matters . 
  even the nations that took the lions share in the recent funding for syria ( uk+g ermany + norway pledged almost 50 % of the total sum ) failed to take action when it would have mattered . 
  which was years ago . 
  it is only now , when the problems direcly affect us , that we get active . 
  it 's a complicated issue . 
  it is hard to sell giving billions away to your voters who lack the long-term view on this . 
   you know what 's funny though ? 
  saudia arabia and qatar gave only 28 % and 18 % . 
  and those are countries who are actively arming the radical islamist rebels in syria and thus making the whole situation worse . 
  russians who are bombing hospitals in syria gave 1 % . 
  the difference is : nobody holds russia and the arab nations to our standard . 
  and we should not use their acting as an argument .
