   what if , say the netherlands says `` unless the new treaty lets us keep x competence , we would n't be able to ratify it in good conscience without referring it to the people '' ? 
  remember that ukrainian referendum a few weeks ago ? 
  doubtful . 
   furthermore , not all countries are small , like france for example . 
  according to the eurobarometer , the eu approval rates in france are still a lot better than in the uk ( the last one was on the height of the refugee crisis and the terror attacks happened during the survey ) . 
  that 's why i said `` credibility through electorate '' . 
  i do n't think so . 
  most european nations are not as important as the uk . 
  it might sound harsh , but that 's the truth . 
  the uk would have gotten much fewer concessions than they did now if they were smaller or less relevant . 
  threatening to leave is only a useful tool if you are important and if it has credibility through the electorate . 
  most countries do n't fulfill at least one of these two criterias . 
   ~ ~ everybody will say : ` we 're sorry , this is a historical disaster but now we have to move on . ' and then they will say ` ok , david [ cameron ] , goodbye , because now we have to meet as 27 leaders ' ~ ~ ~ ~ cut this out please ( the second time it is written ) . 
  you copy-pasted the description of the picture . ~ ~ edit : fixed , thanks !, 
  what an ignorant article . 
  pretty much the perfect example of people that should do * a little bit * of research before starting to write . 
   me : `` hey boss , you know , there is a law that says that you ca n't email me after 5 . ''  him : `` hey idiot , there 's no penalty for my sending an email after 5 , but the penalty for you not answering it is getting fired . 
  your call . '' well , that 's exactly what this law is meant to prevent . 
  it is not illegal to send emails after work hours , firing someone for not reading the mail after work hours is . 
   did n't italy basically borrow money at high interest rates , just to hand it over to greece at lower rates ? 
  given the rates on the bailout loans , this is true for pretty much any european country ( apart from germany maybe ) . 
  this is ... not even remotely what he said ? 
  the fact is : italy ( and france ) are struggling themselves . 
  erasing greek debt would create huge problems for these countries . 
   dire is their situation now . 
  it could be worse i guess ( even though that sounds too positive as a description for greece currently ) . 
  but there is no point in speculating , fact is that they are still in the euro and that they declined sch\u00e4ubles offer for a temporary grexit with financial support from our side . 
  we are in this situation , now lets try to fix it . 
  oh , no doubts it would be okay long term . 
  but the problem is : nobody knows what `` long term '' would be . 
  and nobody knows about the direct conseqences . 
  but pretty much all economists agree that the consequences would be dire . 
  very dire . 
   why did n't tsipras stick to it ? 
  because he knew bankruptcy would have been much worse . 
  so did varoufakis . 
  he wanted to use it as a tool for bargaining but the ez called his bluff . 
   washington -- a senior international monetary fund official wednesday said it ca n't help europe with fresh emergency financing for greece because athens 's creditors have n't yet committed to detailed debt relief . 
   the comments show that the agreement touted by european finance ministers last night to release fresh bailout cash for greece has n't nailed down the key elements the imf says are critical to finally return the debt-laden country to health . 
  rather , the imf 's reserved support for the deal has paved the way for germany to approve new funds and sets the stage for more tough negotiations later this year . 
   `` fundamentally , we need to be assured that the universe of measures that europe will to commit to ... is consistent with what we think is needed to reduce debt , '' the senior official told reporters on a conference call . 
  `` we do not yet have that . ''  `` all the stakeholders now recognize that greek debt is ... highly unsustainable , '' the official said . 
  `` they accept that debt relief is needed , they accept the methodology that is needed to calibrate the necessary debt relief . 
  they accept the objectives of gross financing needs in the near term and in the long run . 
  they even accept the time tables . ''  many outside economists see the deal as papering over the differences and once again prolonging the crisis . 
   `` summary of eurogroup : germany always wins , imf caves under pressure from germany and u.s. , no one does what 's in greece 's best interests , '' said megan greene , chief economist at manulife and john hancock asset management , in a tweet . 
   marc chandler , global head of currency strategy at investment bank brown brothers harriman , called the deal a `` paper charade '' that saves europe more than it does greece . 
   the imf and its largest shareholders , europe and the u.s. , were concerned that failure to reach a greek deal could give proponents of a u.k. exit from the european union leverage ahead of a referendum next week . 
   `` it chose to capitulate now and fight later , '' mr. chandler said . 
  `` its capitulation was to sign off on the agreement even though the debt relief that it had insisted on as a precondition is a little more than vague suggestions until the end of the current program . '', 
   now we need wage increases in line with or slightly exceeding gdp growth ... all of the recent wage increases were significantly higher than the gdp growth . 
  2015 had 2.8 % nominal wage growth or 2.5 % real growth . 
  which is more than in most other european countries . 
   frankfurt -- german economic growth accelerated at the start of the year helped by robust domestic demand , particularly in the construction sector , according to the federal statistical office . 
   confirming its earlier assessment of europe 's largest economy , destatis on tuesday said that germany 's gross domestic product grew at a quarterly rate of 0.7 % in the first three months of the year , which translated into an annualized rate of 2.7 % . 
  growth in the quarter was more than double the rate of 0.3 % recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 . 
  the outcome is in line with destatis ' flash gdp release from may 13 . 
   `` positive impulses came mainly from the domestic economy , '' destatis said . 
  '' investment , in particular , picked up noticeably at the start of the year . ''  economists cautioned that germany 's economy probably wo n't be able to maintain its brisk growth pace in the second quarter . 
  accelerating growth at the start of this year was partly the result of the mild winter weather buoying construction activity and followed weak activity at the end of 2015 . 
   `` early data for the second quarter point to payback from the one-off effects that boosted first-quarter gdp , '' said elga bartsch , the chief european economist at morgan stanley in london . 
  `` the industrial sector had a jump-start in january but , in the course of the quarter , there was a visible loss of growth momentum , '' ms. bartsch wrote in a note to clients . 
   destatis said that construction investment in germany grew 2.3 % in the first quarter from the preceding period , while investment in machinery and equipment rose 1.9 % . 
   public consumption picked up 0.5 % from the fourth quarter , destatis said , as federal and local government faced rising costs related to the record influx of migrants . 
  a buoyant labor market and low energy prices , meanwhile , continued to fuel household consumption , which grew 0.4 % in the first quarter from the preceding period . 
   net trade however weighed slightly on gdp growth in the first quarter , as a pickup in exports was outpaced by imports , destatis said . 
  total exports of goods and services rose 1.0 % in the first quarter from the preceding period , while imports increased 1.4 % . 
   germany 's gdp in the first quarter was up 1.6 % from the year-earlier period , taking account of calendar effects , in line with a flash estimate by destatis . 
  instead of criticising on a different meta level , you could show where he is wrong . 
  what he said is accurate and supported by facts . 
  nice source . 
  you claiming something is not a source . 
   do you really need a study that says that immigrants want more welfare and more immigration ? 
  do you actually know that the share of people opposed to migration has been larger amongst previous migrants than amongst germans without history of migration ? 
  well yes , but the living standards for the largest part of the population has risen extremely fast in the last few decades . 
  their economic growth rates of the last decade probably could not be achieved in a democracy . 
   a big issue is our government treated the eu as some kind of boogeyman and just shift all the blame towards it and it has happened for so long people actually believe that it 's out to get us . 
  that 's a common sight everywhere in europe . 
  the eu is pretty much the best scapegoat any politician can hope for . 
   not at the cost of the most basic of human rights , let me very clear about that . 
  but it could go at the ( partial ) cost of some other liberties ( whether written down or not ) , such as passive suffrage . 
  in a meritocracy , not everyone will be fit to lead thus passive suffrage ( a human right in certain treaties if i 'm not mistaken , as well as a basic right in the dutch constitution and many others ) will be reduced . 
  depending on the `` design '' of such a government , it could harm other rights as well . 
   i think this will create a strong balance between the executive and the people , although it could be strengthened by popular initiatives ( without a government proposal ) even though i 'm not a great fan of such ideas . 
  neither am i. 
  we would get all sorts of ridiculous stuff like reintroducing the death penalty ( which , at times , actually has a majority amongst the population ) . 
  or limits to religious freedom , given the recent events . 
   since you ca n't roll into the judiciary if you are of ` unclean ' character , i think such a system could work without much problem . 
  well , becoming court at the * bundesverfassungsgericht * has always been a political issue here - and it has worked quite well . 
  simply because judges need to be elected by 2/3 majority ( each house chooses half of them ) , preventing the government from installing `` their '' judges and instead ensuring that moderate , qualified , people get on the court . 
   yet even then one can not be sure . 
  the thing is : a strong democratic mandate can simply shift the balance of powers . 
  as we are currently witnessing in poland . 
   but to improve democracy will prove impossible when the most inexperienced and opportunistic politicians can still create low quality laws ( a lack of merit/experience ) while still being reinforced by it ( short term vision , electoral rewards ) . 
  it 's a damn difficult topic , let us agree on that . 
  oh quite sure . 
  and i am also certain that this would prevent this from ever being changed . 
  i have a hard time believing that our politicians would agree with a change of this kind . 
  neither do i think that it would have a majority amongst the population . 
  amongst other things because the lesser educated people will know that the possible candidates will all originate from the `` elite '' , who think a bit different than the average blue collar worker .
