  i cant see how you can draw a line to slavery here . 
  they cant be compared nevertheless . 
  this however is entirely irrelevant here ? 
  fact is that there is an enormeous amount of muslims around the world . 
  be it 1.6 billion or 2 billion ( the 1.6 number is outdated anyways , it dates back to 2010 ) . 
  it simply does not matter . 
  putting islam in one row with neo-nazism . 
  well played . 
  come on , literally every constitution in the developed world does prohibit discrimination based on religious beliefs . 
  and rightfully so , the experiences in the past have n't been pleasant . 
  all of what you say qualifies as direct discrimination based on religion . 
  good job . 
  collecting data ! = analyzing the data . 
  the group of muslims is too big to warrant monitoring them all . 
  it would be like saying : men are more likely to blow themselves up . 
  lets just monitor them all . 
  thats ridiculous . 
   every way of criticism is welcomed . 
  but this specific kind of critic is over the top ! '', 
  if appreciating the death of people isnt , what is ? 
   i mean in this specific case one of the paris terrorists was a refugee so ? 
  so far , all identified individuals were from belgium or france . 
  the syrian passport was forged . 
  we 'll see how much we learned from the last wave of immigrants . 
  it is a matter of integration , talking about the ` west ' . 
  if you argue that this is an example of someone being fired for holding a critical opinion , you are stupid . 
  it is one thing to be critical of immigration , quite another to appreciate the death of hundreds of people because it helps your political opinion . 
  he said every one . 
   well then , when they 're overrepresented in massacring people by the hundreds , let me know . 
  funfact : refugees are not represented in massacring people by the hundreds in any way . 
  syria is not in northern africa . 
  you are not supposed to give these guys citizenship and allow them to stay forever , this is currently just about shelter for the time of the civil war ( which can continue to go on for quite a while , arguably ) . 
  unemployed people are significally overrepresented in pretty much every crime besides tax evading . 
  including murder . 
  i thought you wanted to watch a movie ? 
  unemloyed people are multiple times more likely to commit crimes than the rest of the population . 
  yet nobody would propose monitoring all unemployed people . 
  and why ? 
  its simple : despite them having a stronger tendency to do so , it is still entirely unlikely and not worth monitoring millions of people . 
  i never said that . 
  of course , allowing large amounts of people to come here includes the possiblity that terrorists use that route to come here . 
  however , as displayed in the paris attacks , they do not even need to do that as the attacks are carried out by eu citizens . 
  if the is wants to hit poland , they could just drive from belgium ( or where else ) to poland and do their shit . 
  no refugees required . 
  there is no evidence that the genuine refugees pose a threat . 
  especially a relocation to poland would offer the possibility to only allow people with a ` clean background ' . 
  hell , just take christian refugees if you think that is less dangerous . 
  but all dem votes from the right ... 
   you ca n't blame all of that on polish politicians . 
  during time they were in charge , germany and russia were working together on nord stream , which put central european countries in shitty position , since it goes directly from russia to germany through baltic sea , bypassing everyone else . 
  it was offered to poland and the baltic countries to get access to north stream . 
   pis will butt heads with germans at every opportunity , but they will hopefully do something that benefits their country . 
  these two dont go together very well . 
  this does not change the fact that we did not have any terrorism from refugees so far ? 
   this effect is fairly well documented . 
  well , then show me any of this evidence . 
  polls have generally been pretty representative going up to elections . 
  the margin of error is very little . 
  we are not talking about similar numbers here however . 
  it is also not said how things would have developed without the nuclear exit . 
  why would someone not be willing to show his or her opinion in an anonymous poll of all places ? 
  there is a certain fluctuation year by year . 
  your stats are from 2013 , the 2014 numbers talk about 22 % and 26 % , i dont know about 2015 . 
   do this or no euromonies is what you really mean . 
  it is n't actually . 
  agricultural subsidies and similar payments towards poland are not connected to your behaviour in the refugee crisis as far as i am conncerned . 
   i doubt the sanctions will be more costly than hundreds of polish citizens eventually killed by terrorists . 
  you are calculating a hypothetical threat versus monetary payments . 
  this is not possible . 
  if terrorists wanted to hit poland , they could just go from germany . 
  we dont have border control between our countries . 
  so even though the sanctions are very minor ( we are talking in terms of millions here ) , i do not think you can ` calculate ' this stuff . 
  germany is going to lobby for sharing the refugees all over europe even though this doesnt have much prospect of going thorugh . 
  we will likely also seek to exercise influence to get countries to agree with this . 
  sanctioning , if there will be any , will come from the eu and not from germany . 
  link me to a decision that would mean unlimited sharing of refugees in europe . 
  you make no sense . 
  nobody is going to sue anybody . 
  wow that was a pile of bullshit . 
  you know that there is no quota for all asylum seekers ? 
  despite germany advocating for one , there is no political consent to introduce one , so what is the issue ? 
  if anything , poland has more influence today than it did when joining . 
  it was clearly forseeable how powerful which european nations would likely be at some point . 
   also , many governments ( like our previous ) are german minions when it comes to external and eu politics . 
  sorry , but i simply think your countries are in the minority here . 
  its funny how you are explaining the law of my country to me . 
  our constitution allows us to reject people asylum in case they have entered the eu through another country . 
  as this country is usually greece , we have to accept them as our courts disallow us from sending people back to greece due to inhumane treatment of refugees . 
  it is also not legal to lock up people in a camp without prospects . 
  again , unconstitutional . 
  and no , the relevant parts of the constitution can not be changed . 
  of course , there is a theoretical limit of people we can take in . 
  not legally but factually . 
  but we still are not at that limit . 
  if we want to reduce the influx , our best bet is securing the outter borders and improving the conditions in the camps in syrias neighboring countries ( and greece so we can send back people ) . 
   you do that by making it clear there 's no asylum waiting for most of the people coming even from syria . 
  this is legally not possible . 
   that they will not have a life in europe and the most they can expect is another refugee camp with practically no prospects . 
  legally not possible  also you start guarding your borders and stopping people before they cross them , with violence if necessary . 
  it would be better to do all of this eu wide as a common policy but if not then countries will start doing it on their own as can already be seen .
