  every major newspaper in germany has a frontpage article about it right now . 
  i did not mean to say that the court has accepted the case already , but as i said , there is a somewhat solid legal basis for us courts to judge over cases that did not affect the us in any way and that 's simply not right . 
   true . 
  good point . 
  that said it looks like they tried more to bring attention to their case more than to get anything really . 
  us courts have ordered significant amounts of compensation to be payed under this law in the past . 
   the court has n't said anything . 
  the plaintiff went to an attorney and filed the paperwork to send it to the court , nothing else seem to have happened as of now . 
  it is how the ats cases work however . 
  the simple existence of such a law and its history of application is an insult to the principle of state souvereignty . 
   possibly admission in some history books & ( if the accused is cooperative ) some symbolic financial compensation i 'd hazard ( some grant to a fund on the topic ? ), 
  would n't be unseen but that 's not really going anywhere obviously the thing is : they can get that without going to court . 
  we have already admitted that it was a genocide and we have offered to provide compensation in the form of monetary spending in the country . 
  what these people however want is financial compensation for themselves , based on the fact that their great-grandparents ( or even earlier ) were massacred . 
  what do you think about stuff of this kind / u/mkvgtired ? 
  well , now that is bullshit . 
  not the article , but what is happening . 
  a us court saying that it has jurisdiction over a crime that happened a century ago in a country that was n't the us , committed on people that were n't us citizens by people that were n't us citzens . 
  what is this going to accomplish anyways ? 
  the judgement , if it is successful , will exercise no legal force in germany or over the german government . 
  all that these people could do then is asking the u.s. to seize german property in the us . 
  which would be kind of ridiculous , if we are honest . 
  pks berlin 2015 , p. 44 what about you sourcing your claims in return ? 
   we banned scientology . 
  we did n't . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   the numbers are very high , they 're 7-8 times higher than murder victims for example . 
  uhm . 
  that in itself does not make them `` very high '' . 
  but fair enough . 
  i would n't call them useless to be honest . 
  despite all the flaws . 
  well , yes and no . 
  the wage growth has started picking up years back , but agreed , the significant growth has only started two or three years back . 
  and well , the increases have actually benefitted people in most industries , it is pretty widespread . 
  actually you can . 
  it 's what governments have done for decades . 
  putting very high taxes on producs of this kind has always been a way of the government trying to shape the behaviour of its citizens ( the sweet money is an addition for the govt ) . 
  i know , but this counteracts that `` the wage growth is too slow to combat this '' . 
  if the wages grow faster than the inflation ( which they are , by a significant margin ) , this is pretty much the definition of `` combating this '' . 
  again , you did not give any background why the number is `` very high '' . 
  a number does n't become `` very high '' just because you claim it is . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/khfjmwb.jpg ) you can see the development of these numbers ( ignore numbers prior to 2009 due to a different method of counting cases ) , taken from the federal police report 2014 . 
  the number has been very stable . 
  and since there were no complaints about a `` rape epidemic '' in 2009 , it 's not exactly appropriate to talk about one now . 
  i know . 
  comparing rape numbers is totally pointless until we get some universal definition some day . 
  a third of pickpocketing suspects in berlin is from romania . 
  i do n't know what you see , but i see a decline of crimes violating the sexual self-determination , by almost 2 % between 2014 -  2015 . 
  where do you get the `` extremely high '' from ? 
  total numbers do not really say much without having something to compare this to or without putting it into relation to pop size . 
  according to eurostat , germany is lower average when it comes to the prevalence of smoking . 
   but its not like the billboards are an official thing by the gov or a movement by the people , trying to promote it . 
  you have to see this from the other side : most other european governments decided to ban these ads . 
  which makes inaction in this regard a toleration from the government . 
  we have the highest real wage growth we have seen in the last two decades . 
  the only problematic thing here are the rent prices imo . 
  i 'd like to see that sourced . 
  the criminal report for 2015 shows an increase of slightly above 25 % in pickpocketing , violent crimes were reported to be on the lowest level since the mid 90s . 
  and by the way : the increase in pickpocketing was mainly due to eastern european gangs . 
  one third of suspects are from romania . 
  in regards to user flairs , it is what you could call ` organic growth ' . 
  we for example did not have the dutch regions either until someone requested it . 
  if you want a specific flair for a region of russia , feel free to shoot us a mod mail . 
  actually it does . 
  if france had a lower unemployment rate , the cost of that security net would go down significantly . 
  talk about `` the rich evading tax and companies paying corporate tax in leech states '' is nice talk , but unless you do something about it ( in many cases , you simply ca n't ) , you will have to look for other sources of income/reduced spending . 
  that might not be totally fair , but it 's realistic . 
  france ca n't afford this social security net much longer however if they do not see change . 
  does n't mean that you ca n't do better . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  well , feel free to elaborate why . 
  not necessarily . 
  france is a dinosaur when it comes to employment laws . 
  changing these things would simply put them ( you ? ), 
  en par with other countries . 
  i 'd rather have 5 % unemployment and people earning 95 % rather than 10 % unemployment and people earning 100 % . 
  i was n't using that as a counterargument , i was merely correcting you . 
  i wo n't leave you standing with wrong numbers , even if they would help my line of argument . 
  that 's a very drastic way of putting it which i fundamentally oppose . 
  if you have 10 % unemployment rate , adding flexibility to the labour market can help fix that . 
  it is hard . 
  and there are no previous results , this is some `` flavour of the month '' question , probably given the recent terror attack . 
  shadow cabinets truely are a fascinating thing . 
   in terms of weight , we will see what weight we have . 
  brexit does not mean that the uk has somehow exited the international community generally . 
  you are all still going to have to deal with us i am aware of that . 
  but i would argue that a remain uk would have more influence on the decisions of the other eu states in this regard than brexit uk . 
   but it does mean that there will be a shift in the balance between the hawks and the doves within the eu 's own structures and this could potentially impact eu sanctions etc. 
  in these circumstances i think that the uk should just continue to sanction russia anyway i would make this dependent on how many countries decide to keep up the sanctions . 
   ( i am pretty sure that eu law does not stop this ) . 
  so am i. 
   i think it would be difficult for angela to steer the internal eu discussions what with the various radically different opinions that would be there . 
  surely .
