  since the beginning of the crisis , the uk has doubled its debts . 
   the extremely orwellian environment to suppress free speech on things such as immigration is a huge human rights violation . 
  you honestly have no clue what you are talking about . 
   did you know that facebook deleted posts by woman who were assaulted that night because it was `` hate speech '' ? 
  source ? 
   leftist eu state governments our government is not ` leftist ' . 
   or how the british cops let pakistani men rape thousands of girls because they feared being called `` racist '' . 
  source ? 
  the uk does not have a ` leftist ' government either by the way . 
   you are one to talk , what with hundreds of women being assaulted by immigrants/refugees in one night in one city in germany . 
  that was the exact opposite of civilized . 
  you better believe i do n't look up to germany when it comes to immigration policy . 
  nobody expects anybody to look up to us . 
  but in terms of human rights violations , we are still miles ahead of the us . 
   why the hell not ? 
  women are n't unsafe enough yet ? 
  besides the fact that it would essentially fuck over our neighbors and start a domino effect , it simply is not feasible . 
  due to our history and due to the size of our border . 
  we wo n't kill schengen because of a few rapes . 
   it would either be spent , loaned , or invested . 
  it would probably have gone into debt repayment in a time where the interest rate is close to zero . 
  there would have been no immediate effect for the population . 
   well now you need to decide which humanitarian need is more important , million refugees or the safety of german women . 
  this is quite a different thing to what i said . 
   the latest scandal in sweden is that the cops tried to cover up mass groping of girls as young as 11 by afghanis at a concert last summer . 
  other state , other government , other jurisdiction , not our issue . 
  well , if you can avoid taxes through international ways , why not attempt the same in different areas ? 
  we had people that lost their drivers license go to poland and simply get a new one in the meantime . 
  its a double-edged sword however . 
  while it might be able to ` fix ' unrightful situations , it could as well be used in a way that actually harms children , in the cases where the social service * is * correct . 
  at least that 's what i have gotten from the first half , unfortunately the remaining part is hidden behind a soft paywall . 
  this is true for the negotiation documents ( which side demanded what , which cooperation suggested what , etc. 
  ) , the consolidated draft however will be released prior to the vote . 
  given how the national legislative systems work ( the procedure in the us alone is sufficient to force its disclosure ) , it is impossible to go on without publishing it . 
  it will be pretty much similar to ceta in this regard . 
  however , neither newspapers nor politicians that are now crying about ttip have really bothered to look into it ( or they have n't found anything that would confirm their suspicions ) , despite its similar nature . 
  we will be able to read the whole finished deal for about a year before it goes to vote . 
  oh come on . 
  we have a much bigger turkish community and that did not cause anyone having to learn turkish . 
  i am seriously doubting that the us is deporting into war areas , despite all the stuff donald trump says . 
  however , they also went through with guantanamo bay , so they are not exactly the country to look up to here . 
  again , no country in the civilized world has different laws for foreigners ( apart from the crimes only foreigners can commit ) . 
  thus people are treated equally . 
  some of the fundamental rights layed out in our constitution also apply universally . 
  and no , it is not possible to change this . 
  germany is trying to reduce the influx , but we are not going to fortify our borders . 
  had the external borders been protected as they were meant to be , we would not even have a discussion right now . 
  it would not be spent on other things however . 
  the reason for taking in refugees is and has always been humanitarian . 
  and no , moral superiority is not an aim . 
  let 's see : what you are suggesting is not done in any highly developed country . 
  you have a set of criminal laws and if someone violates such a law , no matter his nationality or status , he will then be sentenced based on that law . 
  we do not live in a world where there are different laws applying to different people . 
  why should n't they be treated like germans ? 
  if you rape someone , you deserve severe punishment , not matter whether you are german or not . 
  it 's absolutely neutral ( at least it should be on paper ) . 
  i would describe them as disgusting . 
  what i actually wanted to address by ` inconvenient ' is that , whether people like it or not , everybody , including dictators committing genocides and rapists , deserve a fair trial . 
  this does not mean that they will not be found guilty , however the rule of law can only be upheld if everyone is treated equally . 
  the length of the sentence will depend on the severity of the crime . 
  when they are released , they will either be closely observed if they pose a threat to society and we will try to deport them as soon as possible . 
  cost should be above $ 2k per month , but for security of the population that 's well worth it . 
  it 's not about naivity . 
  it 's just a matter of fact that the money we choose to spend on refugees is not lost in some kind of slump . 
  pretty much all of that money stays in germany . 
  it * is * a fair deal in the sense that we chose to house refugees and that doing so is relatively cost-efficient ( at least short term , for the long term development we will have to see ) . 
  after all , economic benefit is not the aim if you are taking in refugees . 
  it does n't nullify constitutional rights applying to everybody in this country , no matter what happened . 
  with `` unpleasant '' i did not mean what was happening on nye . 
  it does n't favor anyone . 
  the people that commit crimes will be treated like germans are in the same situation - they will go to prison . 
  and for the taxes : pretty much all of the money spent on refugees directly flows back into the german economy . 
  it 's a pretty fair deal actually . 
  i am relatively passive because i am tired and on a tablet . 
  these '' moronic and harmful limits '' apply to pretty much every country there is in the eu ( or at least similar ones do ) . 
  and quite frankly , these laws are what make us different from countries that we claim to be morally inferior . 
  yes , it might not always be pleasant , but one of the main characteristics of modern day western law is that it treats people fair and just no matter what crime they committed . 
  well , we can pretty much only deport them to one place and that is turkey . 
  and even that will only be possible once the deal with them is in full force . 
  we 're just talking about the people from actual war areas here . 
  the problem with deporting into other countries has been consistent in history . 
  for any state . 
  yes , you do need visas . 
  shipping a car over ... well , it depends on the kind of car you own , what you desire to drive in the uk and whether you would be happy with a car having the steering wheel on the right side . 
  transport should be around 2k each way , so that would be 4k for moving the car to the uk and moving it back . 
  depending on the brand , you might also run into some issues in the uk with spare parts . 
  considering countries with languages other than english , it depends . 
  your field of work however is pretty much the best you can have when it comes to work in an english-speaking company in another country . 
  merkel is fluent in german , english and russian . 
  however , her russian is reportedly a bit rusty . 
  well , now it 's my turn being on mobile . 
  the nye events were in no way related to the laws in question . 
  what happened is a shame , but it really does n't have to do anything with them . 
  you are correct with the classifications of statements in your second paragraph , nobody is prosecuted for the statements of the kind you deemed to be fine . 
  as i said , this is not possible . 
  and by the way , literally no country inside the eu is doing such things and it is also prohibited by the ehcr . 
  not legally possible . 
  why am i not surprised a comment like this comes from an account with a karma count close to zero . 
  fuck off , really . 
  the difference is : the laws in question are in no way suited to suppress criticism .
