  and it is n't safer either . 
  quite the contrary . 
  storing your money at home ? 
  come on - thats what our great grandparents did . 
  if your wealth exceeds $ 100k , i could maybe understand that you are looking for other ways to store your money that are not bank deposits . 
  but she is nowhere in that range . 
   or buying small amounts of bullion at any given time . 
  she spent her * whole * gratification on gold . 
  which indicates to me that she is fully going into the `` gold '' trail . 
  which is a mistake in my opinion . 
  given the volatility of gold , you need sufficient regular cash to be able to wait out phases where gold is low . 
   why do you say that ? 
  because investing exclusively into gold ( which is what she seems to be doing ) is almost always a stupid idea . 
  especially if you want to prepare for your retirement . 
  gold is an insurance that you will always have something that bears value , but it is way too volatile to be the only mean of investment . 
  there 's a good reason why most suggested investment portfolios only have a 10 % or 20 % gold share . 
  storing it your house only adds to that stupidity . 
  not even talking about the fact that it does n't make much sense for low-income people to invest into gold . 
  considering the banks : she does n't seem to be that much of a top earner . 
  so negative interest rates wo n't apply to her anyways . 
  there 's a good chance that she will actually see a net loss through her gold investment compared to just leaving the money in the bank account . 
  as for `` not trusting the banks '' - this can be interpreted in two ways : either she is worried that the bank might go bankrupt ( in which case she is stupid because germany guarantees deposits up to $ 100k like all european countries do ) or she is worried that the bank might take her money away ( which would be some kind of medieval set of believes and also stupid ) . 
   other central-bank executives concede negative rates may push some to save . 
  yves mersch , a member of the ecb 's executive board , said in june that it is possible `` households are hoarding even more '' because they need to save more to build up the same amount of wealth over the same time span . 
   household spending as percentage of gross domestic product has fallen slightly in germany to 54 % last year , from 55.4 % in 2013 , according to oecd data . 
  it also has fallen in sweden , and is relatively flat in denmark and switzerland . 
   interest payments on savings accounts in the eurozone are at the lowest levels since 2000 , according to ecb data . 
  in the early 1990s , it took nine years for a german saver to double his or her capital as interest income piled up , according to hans joachim reinke , chief executive of frankfurt-based union investment . 
  now , savers like ms. hofmann would have to wait 500 years for that to happen . 
   negative rates have also hit pension payouts , giving older savers another reason to squirrel away more cash . 
   pension funds and pensioners typically invest in government bonds in a quest for reliable income . 
  that income has never been smaller . 
  about $ 12 trillion worth of bonds currently have negative yields , according to bank of america merrill lynch european credit-strategy research , compared with almost none two years ago . 
   that is a problem for henrik olejasz larsen , who as chief investment officer of sampension manages pensions for danish government employees . 
  the return on assets that sampension invests in has fallen as low as 0.2 % , far from the 3.5 % needed to maintain pension payouts at a level expected by their holders . 
   university of michigan economist miles kimball believes rates should be lowered even deeper into negative territory . 
  if people are getting scared by negative rates , he says , it is the fault of central banks ' inability to communicate effectively , not the policy itself . 
   `` they should say that this is a normal tool of policy , '' he says , `` and then people would n't freak out . '' -- charles duxbury , tom fairless , todd buell and takashi nakamichi contributed to this article . 
   korschenbroich , germany -- two years ago , the european central bank cut interest rates below zero to encourage people such as heike hofmann , who sells fruits and vegetables in this small city , to spend more . 
   policy makers in europe and japan have turned to negative rates for the same reason -- to stimulate their lackluster economies . 
  yet the results have left some economists scratching their heads . 
  instead of opening their wallets , many consumers and businesses are squirreling away more money . 
   when ms. hofmann heard the ecb was knocking rates below zero in june 2014 , she considered it `` madness '' and promptly cut her spending , set aside more money and bought gold . 
  `` i now need to save more than before to have enough to retire , '' says ms. hofmann , 54 years old . 
   recent economic data show consumers are saving more in germany and japan , and in denmark , switzerland and sweden , three non-eurozone countries with negative rates , savings are at their highest since 1995 , the year the organization for economic cooperation and development started collecting data on those countries . 
  companies in europe , the middle east , africa and japan also are holding on to more cash . 
   economists point to a variety of other possible factors confounding central-bank policy : low inflation has left consumers with more money to sock away ; aging populations are naturally more inclined to save ; central banks themselves may have failed to properly explain their actions . 
   but there is a growing suspicion that part of problem may be negative rates themselves . 
  some economists and bankers contend that negative rates communicate fear over the growth outlook and the central bank 's ability to manage it . 
   `` people only borrow and spend more when they are confident about the future , '' says andrew sheets , chief cross-asset strategist at morgan stanley . 
  `` but by going negative , into uncharted territory , the policy actually undermines confidence . ''  going negative was a big bet by central banks faced with a sluggish recovery from the financial crisis . 
  whether negative rates succeed or flop has huge implications for the global economy . 
  japan and europe are already doing large volumes of bond buying to spur their economies , and their central bankers have little left in their tool kits . 
   the u.s. federal reserve 's next move is likely to raise rates , but chairwoman janet yellen has said negative rates could find a place in the fed 's armory in any future crisis . 
   the bank of england , shaken by june 's surprise vote to leave the european union , cut interest rates to their lowest in its 322-year history last week but said it was reluctant to go negative . 
  boe gov. 
  mark carney said he is `` not a fan '' of a policy that has negative consequences for savers and the financial system . 
  european banks say their profitability has been hit hard by low rates . 
   negative interest rates : how do they work ? 
  0:00 / 0:00 central banks across the globe are trying a radical approach to boost economic growth : negative interest rates . 
  but what are negative rates and will they work ? 
  image : adele morgan/the wall street journal ( originally published april 14 , 2016 ) some central bankers say it is too early to judge negative rates . 
  `` the effect wo n't be seen all at once , but it will gradually become clear , '' said bank of japan gov. 
  haruhiko kuroda in a june news conference . 
   beno\u00eet coeur\u00e9 , a member of the ecb 's executive board , in a july speech , said measures including negative interest rates , `` are proving to be effective in lifting inflation toward its medium-term objective and reducing the overall level of risk in the economy . ''  low interest rates should encourage consumers and businesses to spend by depressing returns on savings and safe assets such as government bonds . 
  such spending should create demand for goods , help lift sagging inflation and boost economic growth . 
   negative rates are n't fundamentally different , in their day-to-day effects , for most people . 
  negative rates mean large commercial banks have to pay to park their money at central banks , which encourages them to lend it out instead . 
  banks spread those costs in various ways . 
  for the individual or most corporate customers , the effect is to push interest rates paid on deposits , while still positive , even closer to zero . 
   negative rates are n't just aimed at spurring spending . 
  europe and japan need weaker currencies to help exports and boost low inflation , and negative rates can help bring that about . 
   some economists now believe negative rates can have an unintended psychological effect by communicating fear over the growth outlook and the central bank 's ability to manage it . 
   `` the signal to the consumer is that something is wrong -- it 's a crisis measure , '' says carl hammer , chief currency strategist at swedish bank seb . 
   lasse bohman , a 63-year old newsstand worker from stockholm , said the concept of negative interest rates is `` weird '' and makes him want to save more for retirement rather than spend . 
  `` i am just going to keep on putting money in the bank , '' he says , or `` put it under the mattress at home . ''  in germany , europe 's largest economy and a nation known for thrift , savings as a percentage of disposable household income rose to 9.7 % in 2015 , according to preliminary data from the oecd . 
  that is the highest rate since 2010 , and the oecd expects the savings rate to rise further this year , to 10.4 % . 
   many germans worry that negative rates pose a threat to their rainy-day funds . 
  four in 10 germans cite the ecb 's monetary policy and low interest rates as their biggest concern when it comes to savings , according to a survey by the german savings banks association last october . 
   in december , ms. hofmann , the korschenbroich fruit vendor , used her christmas bonus to buy two 10-gram bars of gold . 
  she has since bought more and has put it , and every euro she can set aside , into a safe at home , saying she does n't trust banks . 
  `` every time i check my savings account , it makes me want to cry , '' she says . 
   in the broader eurozone , where saving is n't as ingrained in the psyche as in germany , the household savings rate has edged lower since negative interest rates were introduced in 2014 . 
   the oecd forecasts the household-saving rate will increase this year in japan , which introduced negative rates in february . 
  cash and deposits held by japanese households were up 1.3 % in the first quarter from the same period a year ago , according to the bank of japan . 
   in the u.s. and u.k. , where interest rates are still positive but annualized growth rates in the year 's first quarter were slower than the eurozone or japan , savings rates have been stable or trending lower . 
   companies also are also holding on to funds , and some are forgoing cheap loans . 
   in japan , cash and deposits held by nonfinancial corporations increased 8.4 % in the first quarter from a year earlier , according to the bank of japan . 
  that growth was the biggest since the 1990s . 
   nonfinancial corporations in europe , the middle east and africa had $ 921 billion in cash balances as of december 2015 , according to a report from moody 's investors service on the companies it rates , up about 5 % from a year earlier . 
  as a percentage of revenues , cash balances were 15 % last year , versus 13 % in 2014 . 
   `` this odd policy of negative interest rates has n't motivated us to invest more . 
  on the contrary , it 's a signal that the economic situation is n't improving , '' says hans-gerd wienands , chief financial officer of messer group , a german supplier of industrial gases . 
   the company has cut the amount it invests to 12.5 % of revenue this year , from more than 20 % in 2010 , as it reduced debt . 
   in japan , tatsuro takahashi , who sells barbecue pork from his food truck in tokyo , said , `` i 'm not interested in borrowing money to expand my business , whether the rate is lower or not . 
  it is riskier . ''  bank lending in japan has expanded for 58 months in a row through july , but growth has slowed . 
   the bank of japan `` failed to foresee people 's behavior , '' said noriko hama , a professor of economics at doshisha university in kyoto , in the magazine weekly economist . 
  `` it 's simply rational for them to increase savings . ''  household spending in japan jumped 1.2 % in february , the month the boj introduced negative rates , but fell the following four months . 
   some say other factors are contributing to increased savings . 
  in germany , for instance , low inflation stemming from cheaper oil and tepid growth means that people have more money to put away simply because the stuff they buy costs less .
