  we need more special courts where foreign corporations have more leverage . 
  it is more about fair treatment . 
  they are less likely to be fairly treated than a domestic company or subject . 
  and no , we do not need * more * special courts , the institutions are already there ( unless we are talking about the european court suggestion here ) . 
   no , the only argument that matters should be one for isds . 
  an argument as to why we need it in the first place , and in this case why we need to expand it . 
  have the prior isds cases proven that states are somewhat likely to discriminate against foreign companies ? 
  yes . 
  has the past proven that the national courts are not completely neutral when dealing with foreign investments ? 
  yes . 
  do we have indicators for a regulatory chill ? 
  have the individual cases of isds been justified ? 
  yes . 
  i dont think that you need to need more arguments for it . 
  anti-trust action is not prohibited by ttip and isds . 
   few countries can afford to defend against cases indefinitely . 
  you acknowledge that this is a concern in some cases at least , i hope ? 
  yes . 
  but this is not the case here . 
   what are you referring to , specifically ? 
  without the possibility of international arbitration , a company will go up to its own government to pressure the host state of the investment to accomplish the same . 
  this leads to strained relationships between the states . 
  not that long ago , this was in some cases accomplished by gunboat policy . 
   is isds perfectly reliable and incorruptible ? 
  not more than regular court cases , really . 
   i doubt you 'd argue that . 
  flaws in domestic legal systems should be fixed , not outsourced . 
  this however can not be fixed . 
  it is innate to jury systems and judges are not that unlikely to be somewhat biased against foreign investors . 
   isds proponents are always quick to bring up this talking point , but it 's a weak one . 
  i do n't think so . 
  you have to look at the cases that the european countries lost - these cases were perfectly justified . 
   we 're looking at vastly expanding isds between ttip and tpp , we need better arguments than `` it has n't been bad so far . '', 
  there can not be any other arguement than our experience with this from the past . 
   i find it somewhat odd that i asked about the flaws of isds and you responded with one flaw and three things that are good about it . 
  the things that i mentioned are very much present until this day . 
  unfortunately , only a minority of countries adapted the transparency rules so far , the ` loser pays ' rules are not widely adapted yet . 
  unless all of those are included in a potential isds in ttip , i question the legitimacy of it . 
   you do n't see it as a problem , for example , that a corporation can use the threat of isds to pressure smaller countries on borderline cases ? 
  this is not a problem in the cases we are talking about here . 
  there is no european country that is not capable of affording 4 millions for such cases . 
   any other problems , or is the lack of a court of appeal the only one ? 
  it is the main problem that is left in my opinion . 
  yes , it is possible to question the legitimacy of a ` separate jurisdiction ' for foreign companies . 
  however , you have to look at what happened before we had these arbitration methods - conflicts with foreign investments simply turned into disputes between states and governments , being way more harmful . 
  you can argue that isds is not needed because we have reliable judiciaries that should be able to protect the investments . 
  however cases , especially from the jury system of the united states , indicate that these systems are not as reliable when we are talking about foreign investments ( look up loewen v. us for example ) . 
  european states have rarely been challenged in isds cases and only an absolute minority of these cases has been won . 
  the former eastern bloc states make the numbers seem way higher than they actually are . 
  the cases where companies were actually awarded compensation payments were usually cases where there was a case of obvious discrimination of a foreign company . 
  the previous versions of isds had a lot of flaws , some are mainly fixed by now . 
  amongst them the fact that until very recently ( and partly to this date ) , the state had to pay for its part of the arbitration costs , no matter the outcome . 
  transparency was arguably a problem , but the uncitral transparency rules fixed most of the transparency-related issues ( they are not implemented everywhere though ) . 
  we previously had probems with judges that were somewhat affiliated with one of the parties ( e.g. 
  loewen v. us ) however we by now have rulesets that allow one party to reject an appointed arbitrator of the other party . 
  one of the main problems that remains is the lack of a court of appeal . 
  i think that the current proposal for an arbitration court has the potential to fix most of the remaining problems of isds . 
   can i not just dislike corporate culture and think it 's very corrupt and morally reprehensible without being asked for sources . 
  you can actually dislike whatever you want . 
  however calling me a ` big business apologist ' does not contribute to any meaningful discussion . 
  i do not think that isds is completely flawless , but i really dislike it when people just spread wrong facts about it . 
  it is possible to objectively verify claims like `` isds includes secret courts '' very easily - well it isnt . 
  uncitral ensures that the tranparency of these tribunals lives up to regular courts , in some parts it even goes beyond that . 
  i have no problem with people or newspapers being critical of ceta , i have a problem with justifying this disagreement with wrong facts and claims . 
  and contrary i do think it is somewhat short-sighted to oppose ttip - simply because the goddamn agreement is not released yet . 
  once the draft is released to the public , people can make arguments about it that are actually backed by the actual draft and not just some speculations . 
  well , tell me where i am mistaken . 
  i sourced what i claimed . 
  just because you disagree with me does not mean that i am mistaken or some kind of big business apologist . 
  yes of course . 
   once passed into law , it will allow the british government to be sued in secret tribunals this is already possible , as the uk is part of [ 104 bilateral investment treaties ] ( http://investmentpolicyhub.unctad.org/iia/countrybits/221 ) . 
  yet there has not been a huge wave of companies suing the uk . 
  and no , they are not ` secret as the [ uncitral transparency rules ] ( https://www.uncitral.org/pdf/english/texts/arbitration/transparency-convention/transparency-convention-e.pdf ) apply . 
   multinational canadian and american businesses only 8 % of isds cases are brought by the ` big mutlinational companies ' ( unctad top 100 ) . 
  [ source , p. 127 ] ( http://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten-en-publicaties/rapporten/2014/06/24/the-impact-of-investor-state-dispute-settlement-isds-in-the-ttip.html )  it 's more of an investor 's charter , which gives big business and big finance huge new powers and rights . 
  these powers have been granted to them in previous trade agreements . 
   at the heart of ceta is a new legal system , open to foreign corporations but not ordinary people . 
  isds is hardly a ` new legal system ' . 
   under the deal , a canadian company , or any company with a canadian subsidiary , can sue the british government if it thinks that the decision is unfair . 
  claiming does * not * mean that they will be successful with their case . 
   and by unfair we simply mean they ca n't make as much profit as they expected to make . 
  only if the government severly discriminates a company or breaks promised made for that investment . 
   the trial would be held as a secret tribunal , overseen by corporate lawyers , and without any right of appeal . 
  as stated above , they will * not * be held in secrecy . 
  and ` corporate lawyers ' sounds more evil than it actually is . 
  there are a lot of well-respected professors of law in these tribunals . 
   they now face a compensation claim for possibly billions of pounds . 
  again , claiming ! = success . 
  compensations in the area of billions are extremely rare . 
  the average claimed sum is 622,6 million dollars , the average compensation eventually awarded is a mere 16.6 million dollars . 
  [ source ] ( http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389763 )  a consultation last year , 97 per cent of the 150,000 respondents to a consultation exercise said they did n't want such a system . 
  most people do not even * understand * this system . 
  yet they are opposed to it because people tell them its evil . 
   through the pleasant sounding `` regulatory cooperation '' , standards would be reduced across the board on the basis that they are `` obstacles to trade '' . 
  we 're looking at a race to the bottom in areas such as food safety , workers ' rights and environmental regulation . 
  this is very much an unfounded claim . 
   the ability of governments to regulate financial services would be impaired . 
  nope . 
  because the majority of former migrants did not become criminals ? 
   some people have family values that differ from the western ideal of a nuclear family .
