  actually , i would prefer our politicians to be completely cool-headed on the issue . 
  being moved unfortunately does not solve anything . 
  you have to see what is possible and what not , what is needed and what is required . 
  there is not much room for ` heart ' there ( this does not mean that the actions of them have to go against refugees ) . 
   `` when we arrived here , we realized that it is far from civilization , shops , hospitals and schools . 
  we need somewhere to study and have a good life . 
  we came to sweden because it would be ` freedom land . ', 
  we believe they have lied to us '' says mohammad . 
  and who ` lied ' to them by the way ? 
  if they talk about human trafficers ... well its their own fault to believe them , information about sweden is publically available on the web . 
  money well spent . 
  there can never be economic development without proper infrastructure . 
   but the distribution quotas they are currently talking about are only secondary to the main problem . 
  they wo n't stop the floods of illegal immigrants into europe ( as everyone can just cherry pick the country they want to go to ) . 
  correct . 
  i however am already talking about the future . 
   currently ( at least as far as i know - and i do n't know much ) the quotas are only about people who for example registered in greece and italy . 
  they want to distribute them with quotas all over the eu . 
  or is that wrong ? 
  correct . 
   merkel and hollande 's proposal does n't actually stop the flow of illegal immigration . 
  it is just supposed to help the border countries and just leads to germany taking even more immigrants ( of course at least some refugees this time ) . 
  correct . 
  well , for once we would be able to do so without fear of our neighbors . 
  i mean , hey , even poland encourages us to spend more . 
   why would n't we produce the numbers the us does ? 
  because the us is ridiculously overspending . 
  we for our part are simply not requiring these numbers . 
   and current technology does n't really have anything to do with something that would take at least a decade to happen , does it ? 
  depends on the technology . 
   us being in nato is keeping us from having to unite our military . 
  well we have had things of this kind before . 
  people threatening jumping from a crane because he wasnt allowed to bring his family here ( yet ) . 
  the state wont allow itself to be blackmailed . 
  these actions will have no greater effect asides that they might get into psychological treatment . 
  that surely is a neat story and it would be aweseome if all refugees were that way , but i am afraid this is not the regular case . 
  we will need to invest a lot more money and time into the other people to get them to this level , if that is even possible . 
   i `` m sure europe could easily produce weapons , ships and planes which are a class better and/or cheaper then the us produces ( in the case of cheaper also being of the same or better quality ) i disagree . 
  the eu will likely never produce the numbers the us does , thus making the production more expensive . 
  we already have really decent technology in some areas , we fell behind in other areas . 
   great , then they should do it !, 
  bureaucracy i guess . 
  they also need some support from other states first . 
   it is silly to force countries anyway - that should n't stop those plans i agree that it is stupid trying to force countries . 
  nevertheless we need some kind of distribution , be it eu-wide or not , let some countries only take in limited numbers , i dont care . 
  but in order for something like this to work , we need distribution . 
  having a bunch of allies instead of potential enemies or sanctions always makes it easier to go to war . 
  it makes it easier , surely . 
  the us however has a military budget that outdoes pretty much the whole eu . 
  they really do not rely on allies to invade smaller and medium-sized countries . 
  russia was always a threat . 
  one that eu can deal with on our own . 
  russia has a budget of italy for crying out loud and a vast territory to defend . 
  russia was by far not as threatening over the last two decades . 
  russia does not need to defend the eastern territories , nobody is going to invade there anyways . 
  the fact that they have a significant larger army than italy is supported by the very low level of pay for russian soldiers and army retirees . 
  in germany for example , the pay for the soldiers takes about half the budget . 
  a whole lot of nukes . 
  it would n't force us to spend more on military and it would free us from the influence of us . 
  the european states ran out of ammo bombing a country as irrelevant as libya . 
  most european navies lack a decent support structure , meaning that they have to rely on other countries to support their ships in longer activities . 
  the eu drones are rather ... unsophisticated compared to the us ones . 
  we also lack projection power . 
  because us has a defense treaty with south korea and japan . 
  two countries that might end up at war with north korea and/or china very easily . 
  thats pretty paranoid . 
  china has no interest in pursuing greater wars other than bullying its neighbors that are not closely affiliated with the us . 
   did you just call france a minor country ? 
  depending on the institute , france is at either 2.2 or 1.8 % of gdp . 
  i just had the second number in mind . 
   but yes germany should probably `` step up its game '' to the ( rather meaningless but at least symbolic ) 2 % mark . 
  especially since everyones favourite neighbourhood bear is threatening and invading other european countries as we speak . 
  honestly , before we increase the military spending we have to fix inefficiencies first . 
  a lot of money that is spent is going to waste , some parts of our army do not even fully use their budget . 
  i would consider spending 2 % just for the sake of spending 2 % rather stupid . 
  you need to have meaningful and useful stuff you can invest in . 
  if you spend mindlessly in all areas without a greater plan in mind you end like ... well , greece . 
   this alliance is mostly in place to secure us influence and make it easier for them to go to war whenever , and to stop a war in europe from emerging . 
  the us does not need the nato to go to war . 
   it 's mostly about not going to war against each other rather than defending against anyone else . 
  a few years ago i would have agreed with you . 
  nowadays there is the threat of russia again . 
   by all means i believe that every eu member should leave nato , and eu should include it 's own military alliance and even possibly common military force . 
  and what benefit would that give to us ? 
  it would force us to spend more on military . 
   i do n't see us going to war anytime soon , and i 'd rather not support us when it next goes to war in middle east , or god forbid against north korea or china . 
  why should they go to war against north korea or china ? 
  they are not stupid . 
   nobody 's treating it seriously for a reason . 
  nobody is fulfilling that criteria because we know we can rely on the us . 
   arabic is the official language ** in algeria , bahrain , comoros , chad , djibouti , egypt , eritrea , iraq , israel , jordan , kuwait , lebanon , libya , mauritania , morocco , oman , qatar , saudi arabia , somalia , sudan , syria , tunisia , united arab emirates , yemen , palestine , and western sahara . 
  ca n't be easy to find many translators who know all syrian dialects and can tell if they 're not from anywhere else . 
  it at least gives a first clue to the people processing the claims . 
   how ? 
  i mean , if i want to claim aslyum and pretend i 'm from syria i sure as hell make sure i know where i come from and say what i did . 
  it 's impossible to proof . 
  the jobcenter ca n't even check if you have an account in the uk . 
  how do you think a refugee center will check anything at all in syria ? 
  do you think they somehow share the data and can look stuff up ? 
  its like when the police is asking you questions .
