  it 's actually not even remotely true . 
  yes , schools offer trips to concentration camps , but no , they are neither mandatory nor do a majority of people get offered such a trip . 
  when i was in school , we were offered a trip to poland which ( as one from many points ) included a visit to auschwitz . 
  nobody had to go . 
   an audi was a rebadged vw . 
  well , it is n't . 
  especially the us models are n't . 
  refugee spending is predicted to give an additional 0.2 % gdp growth in 2016 . 
  qe has done little to fix the inflation really , mainly it devaluated the currency . 
  which might be helpful for some countries ' export prospects ( including ours ) but it is n't included in the ecbs mandate . 
  i know that the inflation is lower than in germany , but as i stated previously , the original aim was between 0 and 2 % and not 2 % . 
  the old goal was not exactly unhealthy . 
   i mean what is germany 's nominal growth projection for 2015 ? 
  ~ 1.9 % for 2016 and 2017 i think . 
   that 's only needed if you actually want to reach 0 % debt to gdp and you want to get there asap , i 'm not quite sure why you would want to do this ? 
  this would be ignoring that we could face further crises in the future . 
  actually i am pretty certain we will . 
  the last crisis has doubled your governmental debt , we have no certainty that we will not be hit in a similar way at some point . 
  also , it is not said that we will continue prospering in the same way forever . 
  was n't the core of keynes that you also pay back debt in times of prosperity ? 
  i do not think we have to go to zero , but staying below the famous 60 % would be quite healthy i guess . 
   no doubt the long run nominal growth will be much higher than 2 % too ( for the uk it would be 4-5 % but do n't have stats for germany on hand ) . 
  unlike you , we are expecting a severe drop in the number of people in working age in the near future . 
  millions of people . 
  unless we see extreme increases in productivity ( which seem unlikely to happen ) , we will not be able to balance this out and will go into decline . 
  immigration alone wo n't be able to balance this out . 
  but hey , at least our birth rate is increasing again ( we hit a 25-year high in 2015 ) . 
  you most likely wo n't see growth rates significantly above 2-3 % in the future from our side . 
   taxes can be cut to balance the budget . 
  they can be , but they do not have to . 
  a lot of germans are quite consent with paying the current amount of taxes while the government is balancing the budget . 
   i did have a check ( not too familiar with german economic history ) and i could n't find anything similar in the last few decades . 
  it took us until 2011 to reach the 2000 level . 
  between 2000 and 2005 it has been a constant decline . 
   there would be real wage growth even with 2 % inflation true , but it would be nowhere near where it is right now ( it would be 0.4 % in q3 2015 yoy ) . 
  true . 
  but still , after a decade of stagnation or decrease , even that would be nice for us . 
   western governments ( and consumers ) are pretty blessed by the oil price right now ( as well as other falling commodity prices ) , and there is no end in sight for this , fortunately . 
  the opposite actually . 
   core inflation is much higher ( 1.43 % in germany and 1.2 % in the uk ) . 
  which is why people are highly critical of further qe . 
  only if there is demand for it . 
  likely , it will be sold in higher numbers , so it certainly wo n't be rare . 
  it also does not have a historical context to it like the original versions from pre 1945 ( they can be quite valuable , depending on condition and version ) . 
  given that it is freely available , it is not loaded with some background , there will be quite a lot of them and that it is an annotated version , i simply do not see this happening . 
  it always depends on what you spend it on and what your future prospects are ... well , and the rates . 
  this comment was made buried in downvotes at a time where only a tiny minority of european redditors is awake ( at 4am cet it was at -20 or something ) while 70 % of the posts made in the thread had american flair at that point . 
  why should this be the case ? 
  and you know that because you already read that book that is hitting the stores on friday ? 
  in german ? 
  and dont forget , copyright ran out , whoever wants can print and publish it . 
  the target was never meant to be 2 % . 
  the original target was ` between 0 and 2 % ' which was effectively changed to always aiming for 2 % since . 
  and no , 2015 increases should be around 2.7 % , easily outdoing even the 2 % inflation case . 
  for 2016 , the prediction is 1.1 % inflation and 2.5 % wage increase . 
   whose kids are they talking about here , because most peoples kids will be 18 + now or soon , so it will actually be them paying for these higher taxes rather than themselves who are probably retired or will be soon . 
  mainly they are talking about the next generations , but balancing our budget already shows effect . 
  if the predictions are correct , we will be below 60 % debt to gdp ratio in 2019 after peaking at 82 % in 2010 . 
  given a gdp of over 3.7 billions , this is quite some difference . 
   i mean germany has been in deficit for most of the last 20 years , how is fair to subject the current younger generation to excessive and over taxation while the previous generation has been profligate ? 
  germany has been in deficit for most of the last fourty years . 
  you have to start somewhere if you ever want to see your debt levels shrinking . 
  actually , you are mistaken on the excessive and overtaxation in my opinion . 
  yes , vat was increased to 19 % ( from previously 16 % ) in 2007 , but thats relatively average in the european comparison . 
  the income tax people have to pay ( at both ends of the spectrum ) is [ the lowest it has ever been ] ( http://www.steuerzahler.de/entwicklung-der-steuersaetze/19401c22752i3p426/index.html ) . 
  we are not burdening the people with extra taxes to accomplish this and as far as i am concerned , there are no tax increased planned . 
  the money comes from record levels of employment , consumption and taxes . 
   the generation most adversely affected by the worst global recession in decades too . 
  it could be worse . 
  do n't forget that germany 's current run started pretty much when the financial crisis appeared . 
  between 2007 and 2013 , the real wages in germany grew by 2.7 % while the us increased by just 1.4 % and the uk even saw a decline of 7.1 % . 
  [ source , p. 7 ] ( http://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---dgreports/---dcomm/---publ/documents/publication/wcms_324678.pdf ) . 
  and that is considering that wages only really started to kick off in the last year . 
  crises happen now and then , and we got through pretty well . 
  we also do not have the problems with youth unemployment like most other countries do . 
   i guess the household budget analogy is used a lot in germany too ? 
  we also get the greece comparisons here . 
  a lot . 
  the prime example would be the ` swabian housewife ' who manages her budget carefully and never overspends ( while even saving a bit ) . 
  unfortunately , a government budget is not comparable to a regular household , so this puts a wrong example in my opinion . 
   falling demand in china and us added to the losses as orders fell in december . 
  its pretty much just china however . 
  the vw branded sales in the us never were that strong and audi is still increasing in the us . 
  just made that comment so nobody jumps to quick conclusions . 
  the headline surely * is * weak . 
   i read the headline ; was shocked ; read the article ; was less shocked . 
  same here . 
  with all the negative implications the word ` lobbyist ' bears , we have to remind ourselves that lobbying is essential for a working democracy . 
  it can go over the top , but it is not bad per se . 
  as written in the article and as you suggested , transparency is the key word . 
  how so ? 
  it 's not only real wage growth , but also high increases in nominal wages . 
  would n't low inflation reduce the need for wage increases ? 
   is this kind of policy popular in germany among older voters , is that why it 's proposed ? 
  i think you will find approval for this in all age groups . 
   seems kinda silly from my pov and unfair on younger voters , but i suppose if germans are happy with it ... 
  it 's the opposite actually . 
  the argument is that it would be unfair that our children have to pay for the debt we make , effectively enhancing our lives at the expense of our children and grandchildren . 
  and then , we are facing a demographic problem which will make things worse . 
  unfortunately , debts dont decrease when the population declines .
