  of course , there can be future negotiations , but we all hope that the war in syria will eventually come to an end . 
   why is everybody fine with this situation ? 
  because it is the best shot we have . 
  closing national borders does help everyone but not greece unfortunately . 
   well , i 'd say that his case was reliant on two things : first and foremost whether art . 
  16a and the the eu 's directive apply or not , and whether there is legal legitimacy to the argumentation of verfassungsidentit\u00e4t and homogenit\u00e4t des ( deutschen ) volkes . 
  well , somwhat . 
  apart from the fact that arguing about 16a is just ridiculously stupid . 
   but the court rejected the complaint ; it 's an infuriating topic , to say the least . 
   well , it certainly is very polarizing . 
  as displayed by a lot of comments in this very thread . 
   you would n't want to say aloud something like that you wish . 
   people in your country are allowed to call for sharia , this is a severe misinterpretation of that ruling . 
   but germans as yourself are arrested for much less . 
  this post is not even about that ruling . 
  the german language is absolutely marvelous when it comes to a few aspects . 
  combining words for example is an extremely powerful and useful tool . 
  we have some super convenient words like `` doch ! '', 
  that i am missing in the english language . 
  ... but admittedly is absolutely horrible when it comes to other aspects . 
  calling the language `` hard to learn '' would be an understatement . 
  because it 's german . 
  no further explanation needed . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it is a tad difficult to explain unfortunately . 
   apparently the complainant was a citizens ' initiative , he was the representing/leading lawyer . 
  having taken a look at the document , he brings up an uncoherent enumeration of articles he thinks are violated . 
  he bases his case on art . 
  the correct legal chain would be art . 
  93 i nr . 
  what he claims is pretty vague and not that realistic . 
  the cc can reject cases if it thinks that they are stupid and completely unfounded . 
  no , i say that his complaint can not possibly be valid as he is not in the position to sue . 
  it is possible that there are valid complaints , i wo n't rule that out . 
  the government of bavaria repeatedly threatened to go to court , but so far they did n't . 
  it is very possible that the cc would side with them on the issue of our borders . 
  16a was just an example to showcase you how our constitution works . 
  it is pretty complicated , but it works extremely well . 
   with schachtschneiders complaint , there was an opportunity for the court to address it . 
  it would be very stupid if you could get a statement on issues from the cc this way . 
  it would be misused as a political tool to fight policies . 
  the dictum of the cc is pretty much law in this country , therefore it is good if it remains to the politicians to set policy . 
  it is the job of the elected representatives to make policies , not the responsiblity of unelected judges ( well , they are not nominated by popular vote at least ) . 
  if something is in breach of the constitution , and someone brings a valid case , * then * you will get a comment from the cc . 
  and it is not without precedent that the court goes beyond what was initially the point of discussion . 
  we have some major decisions of the court in the past that essentially created new law . 
  it would be fair to say that the german constitutional court is probably the most powerful court in the world . 
   you said he was n't allowed to sue on this matter , would you mind to elaborate on that ? 
  it is a little difficult to explain . 
  lets say we have different procedures of bringing cases to the court , different procedures for different actors and different parts of the constitution . 
  to give you an example : art . 
  1-20 of our constitution are the fundamental rights . 
  only the individual can go to court if he thinks his fundamental rights are violated by government action . 
  it is not possible to sue if you are not affected , it is not possible to sue for someone else , it is also impossible for the government to go to court based on any of these rights . 
  let me give you a more specific example of a ridiculous misunderstanding of our constitution : the right to asylum is written in [ article 16a ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0088 ) . 
  i recently had someone arguing that `` what merkel did violated the constitution because she accepted people that were not included in art . 
  well , duh , apart from this being factually wrong ( the government can go beyond the protection of the fundamental rights if it * benefits * the individual ) , there would be no way for anyone to sue based on this . 
  the only person who can go to the cc based on 16a gg is a potential refugee being denied asylum despite having valid claims . 
  the government could not sue based on this , in fact nobody else could sue here . 
   ( 1 ) i argue that a significant minority ( ! ), 
  of german sitizens wants `` open borders '' for anyone who wants to migrate to and settle in germany . 
  this is accurate . 
   i argue that a majority of germans would give prefererence to supporting refugees in their region of origin , and only would see temporary shelter in germany for refugees from distant regions as a last resort , which they would then be willing to offer of course , this should be the first option . 
  but still , a majority of germans supports bringing limited amounts of people here right now , at this point in time . 
   as for the situation in the regional camps , to which the german people would want to give priority , but ms merkel 's government did not , see this article . 
  german grants to unhcr/wfp for these camps were always unsufficient to meet needs ( but would have been much cheaper when compared to housing the people concerned in germany ) , and part of german contributions from 2014 were discontinued in 2015 . 
  i will give you the exact numbers when office time starts monday morning . 
  so essentially you are turning not giving additional money into `` radical cuts '' . 
  if it passed you - we just recently pledged billions of euros for the region . 
  it is not sufficient in my opinion , but it is a good step forwards . 
  but generally spoken , germany should not be the target of blame here . 
  germany already gave much more money than it was expected from us based on our economic strength . 
  the same is true fore the uk and the us . 
  it 's the rest of europe and the world that deserves the blame here , not germany . 
  this does not mean that we should n't have done more , however . 
   although a ruling , leastways a comment on the situation would be good , since it would `` settle '' the question of the legal validity of merkel 's asylum policy . 
  * nullo actore nullus iudex * it is not the responsibility of the cc to weigh in on the issue unless someone brings a claim that will be admitted to the court . 
  and for good reason , the cc is pretty much the highest moral authority in the country . 
  and if you are interested : according to everything that i have read about the issue ( and i have a read a lot about it , i am studying law ) , the asylum policy as such is n't troublesome from a constitutional perspective . 
  it is leaving the borders open that is . 
  the government has a responsibility to protect our borders from large amounts of people coming here illegally . 
  it is fine to leave the borders open as long as schengen is working , but as we all know the border countries failed to stem the flow like they were supposed to . 
  as a result , this might have been a violation of our constitution , but we simply do not have certainty . 
  all we got is the legal opinion of one or two former cc judges . 
  you said that she should have stated :  `` do n't try irregular migration to germany , you will only be deported back '' well , you can fit everyone under that statement . 
  that 's why it would be a lie . 
  it is universal . 
  and additionally , it would be a lie considering half of the countries you mentioned becaue the countries refuse to take their people back . 
  this is however not because it is an unfounded claim ( actually there is no comment about it ) but because he is not allowed to sue on this matter . 
  the government of bavaria could bring this case to the cc , he ca n't . 
  this is little more than a publicity stunt . 
  schachtschneider has history of arguing against the overwhelming majority of lawyers and courts . 
  this is actually a stupid comment . 
  not deporting people to syria did not have anything to do with the federal states . 
   yeah , i guess we can all say what should of been done but the eu hardly runs smooth so i doubt half my ideas would actually be possible in reality . 
  the eu usually works in time spans of decades . 
  what has done in this crisis would qualify as an ` immediate response ' in eu time . 
  unfortunately , most countries wo n't give in on things until the shit hits the fan . 
   i disagree , you tap into the fear already there , you do n't create it out of nothing . 
  i would say you can create fear .
