   guess that supports my point about not developing 3 different jets for europe and economics of scale . 
  tell that to the french ... 
  the gripen is fine , it caters different needs . 
   strasbourg was n't such a bad choice after all i do not say strasbourg is a bad choice . 
  but i can certainly say that having two places at once * is * a bad choice . 
   nothing is planned yet in the belgian city to welcome a parliament they are doing pretty well housing the parliament several times a year . 
   brussels and the lobby influences and offices lobbies go where the parliament is . 
  moving to strasbourg would not lower the impact and the quantity of lobbying . 
  and by the way , lobbying is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  -- -- -- what speaks against allowing the parliament to make that decision ? 
  because the parliamentary groups and the committees are based in brussels . 
  the national representatives that are not meps are mainly in brussels . 
  most lobbyists are sitting in brussels . 
  brussels is the heart of the european high-speed railways ( direct links to paris , london , berlin , amsterdam ) . 
  the parliamentarians themselves favor being in brussels ( at least a majority does ) . 
  plus , very important , nobody is complaining about ` the bureaucrats in strasbourg ' . 
  might be true . 
  on a sidenote : it is absolutely ridiculous how many different iterations of a voting system we use for the same goddamn election . 
   now the technology is old enough not to care anymore . 
  it seems you still care about it . 
  there will be no transfer of technology towards india and i have nowhere read about technology transfer to egypt or quatar ( not that it matters because they cant do shit with the tech anyways ) . 
  morocco certainly did not not choose the mirage because of unwillingness of technology transfers . 
  i would argue that they decided otherwise because it was a bad deal at that time . 
   afaik the f35 is overall much more expensive than anything build in europe , but its also mroe versatile or something . 
  the netherlands are paying 64 mio . 
  euro per unit , way below the 90-100 million for the typhoon . 
  the general price of the f-35 is projected to be around $ 90 million . 
   i seem to remember that a better comparision would be f22 vs typhoon . 
  and in this case the typhoon was just as good , but still a lot cheaper . 
  the f22 was produced in very little numbers ( 187 ) and was never authorized for export . 
  you are also comparing an air superiority figther with a multi-purpose fighter here . 
  in a dogfight , the f22 is superior to pretty much anything that roams the skies currently . 
  if that warrants the price is another issue . 
   we dont really need top of the line jets anyway . 
  we need solid jets that are cheap . 
  at least the f-22 has proven that it is relatively useless to have such a sophisticated air superiority fighter in the current days , where there is essentially no more warfare between states . 
  [ saab gripen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_jas_39_gripen )  what are the downsides of gripens rafales and typhoons that make them less desireable compared to us jets ? 
  due to economy of scale , the us jets will usually be a little cheaper than their european counterparts as they produce thousands of jets and not ` just ' a few hundreds like the europeans . 
  secondly , the us is paying a lot of monetary military support to many countries , which is ` payed back ' by orders for us systems . 
  additionally , whatever the us produces becomes new world standard as it is ensured to become the most common system on the planet . 
  also - tradition . 
  if your army traditionally is equipped with us planes , you will likely continue with us planes . 
  after these results , it certainly would not surprise me . 
  quality comment . 
  this has nothing to do with any system being bureaucratic or not . 
  if people do not take interest in politics , it is detrimental to literally * any * iteration of a democratic system . 
   lol , we were n't selling rafale until recently because we did n't want to share its technology . 
  not true . 
  you were already offering it over [ ten years ago ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2002/04/05/business/worldbusiness/05iht-dassault_ed3_.html ) . 
  nobody bought it though . 
  there are various examples of you offering the rafale in the subsequent years without success ( morocco , singapore , brazil ) . 
   still butthurt about the failed typhoon not really . 
  the typhoon has sold more units outside the producing states than the rafale so far despite being in production for a much shorter time . 
  but actually , the numbers of rafales , gripens or typhoons sold are dwarfed by the preorders for the new us jets , so its hard to talk about any of them as a broad ` success ' in terms of exports . 
  it does not matter that the bad effects are less worse than once thought . 
  it is a fact that money and , more importantly , time is going to waste . 
  no matter how much it is , it is a significant sum , so it is stupid to maintain both seats . 
   when the texts will be written so that they say `` the seat of the european parliament is in brussels '' your very government is the staunch defender of the current text . 
  as it requires unanimity , there wont be any change without your guys giving up on their blockade and letting the parliament decide . 
  same here , just trying to think about a way how this could actually be possible . 
  ( i think that people 150 years ago knew what entities they belonged to , though ), 
  you mean you have to hold on the the few countries that are actually willing to buy rafales \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af happy cake day by the way , 
  parent is a briton ? 
  you are free to have your opinion on that , but it certainly doesnt make sense that the eu is never brought up in political discussions when many people in your country are obviously dissatisified with various policy areas of the eu . 
  you can not have an opinion without at least having a basic understanding of the issues , can you ? 
   `` i live in the uk and have never heard of the eu '' is true for someone then the statement `` i live in the uk and never watch the tv news , never listen to the news on the radio , never read a newspaper or even glance at the headlines when i happen to pass by a newsagent 's , my time on the internet is spent at sites that are never affected by or interested in the current events happening 200 miles away in paris/brussels , and any discussions i have with friends , family , or strangers never revolve around the politics of the slightly wider world . '', 
  without wanting to make wrong assumptions about the person who made that initial statement , i think it is somewhat realistic in these times . 
  there are many people who dont care what the radio news say , people that do not read newspapers ( especially younger people ) , people that use the internet mainly for gaming and facebook , people that have families without any interest in politics . 
  i dont know about school education in the uk , but multiple people on this thread have stated that the eu was not a topic . 
  i still think it is very unlikely , but i dont think it is impossible . 
  this however is true for the whole eu . 
  i can assure you that a majority of people did not know about the joint defence policies until hollande recently invoked it . 
  the eu offers a variety of topics that piss people off and thus should normally find their entry into general political discussions . 
  the uk has been pretty reactionary concerning the eu in the last years . 
  the current push for reforms is one of the first major actions of the uk in policymaking in quite a while - in the previous years all you did was shoot down proposals that are disadvantageous to your country . 
  you just have to look at what the topics brought forth by your parties in your last election were . 
  yes , the referendum played a role , but the very largest part was internal issues . 
  the uk just was n't ` visible ' on the eu stage asides from occasional interjections . 
  the uk is also becoming more and more restrained on the world stage . 
  at least that 's my observation . 
  which is , frankly said , quite unfortunate and detrimental to our systems . 
  the male ` model ' somewhat looks like putin . 
  28.5 % of voters do not even vote for our federal parliament . 
  i would assume that these people have even less interest in paneuropean politics ( as shown by 43.3 % turnout in the last election for the ep ) . 
  some brexit proponents think that they have some kind of third way which would have all the upsides of the common market without any downsides . 
  which is n't going to run . 
  fact is however that we do n't know how it would go . 
  yes , norway and switzerland linked themselves to the eu and pay a ( even though lower ) amount of money to the eu . 
  it is entirely unclear how this would be with the uk as they are significantly larger , more powerful , and with different economic links . 
  i personally am convinced that a brexit would be a net loss for both the eu and the uk , but i am no studied economist - and even the best educated economists come to entirely different conclusions about the impact of a brexit . 
  i actually do n't give a damn about whether the parliament is in brussels , strasbourg or warsaw . 
  all that matters to me is that they should have a single seat and dont move the whole business between two places every other week . 
  the parliamentary groups and the committees are based in brussels , the parliament in strasbourg . 
  in what world does that make sense ? 
  what speaks for brussels is the fact that it is the heart of european railway networks , worthy of a ` capital ' . 
  this also answers your ( i guess rhetorical ) questions about other eu organs . 
  since the ecb/echr/ec do not have the same nature as the parliament , i have no problem with them remaining where they are . 
  i assume these poeple do not take any interest in politics then ? 
   who 's still vetoing most `` closer eu '' votes and treatises this is not exclusive to the uk , though . 
   why de gaulle did n't want the uk to join .
