  most of the time , they even die on their own . 
  series posts of this kind somewhat belong here - they used to be bread and butter of this sub prior to it becoming a default . 
  we do not want to turn into a news-only subreddit . 
  last but not least , a large portion of the userbase seems to like posts of this kind , given that they are frequently amonst the most upvoted posts . 
  exactly . 
  thread closed . 
  disagree . 
  a shadow economy is irrelevant to the currency as long as the government manages its budget and the eu is something completely else . 
  if i am not mistaken , the shadow economy of greece has always been enormeous , even before the crash . 
  two things to consider : the exchange rate has changed significantly since 2013 and sipri has [ numbers similar to mine for 2016 ] ( https://www.sipri.org/sites/default/files/milex-constant-usd.pdf ) when you look at it in terms of constant usd . 
  lets use the primary sources for 2016 : [ german budget ] ( https://www.bundeshaushalt-info.de/#/2016/soll/ausgaben/einzelplan.html ) - 34.2 bn . 
  $ spending . 
  [ uk budget ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/508193/hmt_budget_2016_web_accessible.pdf ) - 46 bn . 
  # spending . 
  if we use todays conversion into usd - 36,41 bn usd for germany and 57,49 bn . 
  usd for the uk . 
  nope . 
  in 2015 , germany spent 36 bn . 
  usd and the uk spent 55 . 
  i do not expect things to work immediately . 
  but i think its not unreasonable to expect things to be working after 20 years . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  unless you are doing it on behalf of your govt . 
  something bad * will * come of it . 
  i have a hard time imagining that your law/constitution works differently . 
   if their internal politics and events are having direct repercussions for your internal affairs , and/or undermining the ability of your region to run it 's affairs , that makes it your neighborhood par excellence . 
  they did n't do so prior to your engagement however . 
  iraq was n't a threat to europe . 
  the refugee crisis is the * result * of us policy ( in part ) . 
  you can not go in there and then go `` none of our business '' . 
   and we have no business with cuba . 
  does that make cuba not a part of our neighborhood ? 
  not the way kennedy and khrushchev saw it . 
  it 's also not what the 1994 cuban refugee crisis demonstrated . 
  cuba is 145 miles away from your country , mexico is a direct neighbor of you . 
  the comparison is also ridiculously ignorant . 
  well , we already have [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade ) . 
   how is that not an infringement ? 
  that 's up for debate . 
   i 'm very happy for your very nice laws , i find it highly hypocritical that you can spy on me though . 
  not really , no . 
   am i not part of my community ? 
  are you not infringing upon my human rights by mass spying ? 
  the preamble is n't a legally binding part of the constitution . 
  you should look at the fundamental rights . 
  and no , there are no such international human rights preventing that . 
   and do not say that those right only apply to germans . 
  we know how that was dealt with in the past . 
  they only apply on german soil . 
   wait what ? 
  so i can hack into german peoples accounts and i wo n't have any problems from germany ? 
  you wo n't send an arrest warrant to france ? 
  : o you are not a government . 
  oh man , i so wish you 'd install your servers in poland . 
  our forces are bound even if they operate from outside our territory . 
   of course . 
  when something 's bad but i get benefits , it 's a legal grey area . 
  like france selling arms to saudi arabia . 
  not really , no . 
  the uk spends obove 2 % and they have 230k soldiers . 
  it certainly is possible . 
  we 're at 1.2 % by the way . 
  additioanlly , we have some major arms projects in the future - we need to replace our mbts , we have the mks 180 coming , we need a replacement for the tornado and quite a few other things . 
  there certainly is stuff to spend money on . 
  these things ... are not remotely comparable ? 
  if you can not fix a helicopter for over 20 years , something is wrong . 
  no , i cant . 
  but that 's not surprising given that we are not fighting any wars currently or in recent times . 
  not really . 
  it is n't our `` neighbourhood '' . 
  we have no business there apart from israel . 
  what matters more than geography is that you ( the us ) consider this region part of your sphere of influence . 
  this is what matters . 
  and you can not really shift the blame on us here - it was n't us who wanted the wars in iraq . 
  well , is spending 2 % does n't mean that the uk ca n't spend more , 
  two parts : others spying on us is nothing we can prevent with laws . 
  foreign intelligence agencies are n't bound by our laws as long as they do n't operate inside our territory ( and even then its complicated ) . 
  allowing our intelligence agencies to take part is a legal grey area . 
  not completely . 
  the nh90 had its first flight in 1995 and we are still running into troubles . 
  is n't it 370,000 ? 
  i would argue that this clause is pretty much irrelevant today - even with 2 % we would not aim for a number this high . 
  no , i think this comment is alright in this context . 
  if we increased the budget now , resulting in a more powerful army , the chance of this army with this equipment being used for the named purpose is pretty much zero . 
  if you want to go further in the future , it will be a different army with different equipment , the current spending wo n't impact that . 
  even then , i doubt that germany will change in this regard . 
  you see , the issue is this : the laws in question are fundamental rights granted through our constitution . 
  the weimar constitution had some kind of fundamental rights , but they were much less prominent , not protected and there was no real way to enforce them . 
  that 's why our constitution puts fundamental rights a the most prominent place ( in the beginning ) , that 's why you can sue the state if it infringes with your rights ( through the constitutional court ) , that 's why some of the fundamental rights are protected by an eternity clause . 
  not there . 
  these laws are the consequences of the nazi era . 
  it is n't . 
  you should read up on our basic law , parts of it simply ca n't be changed . 
  you can not simply leave out this part :  despite warnings from the german federal intelligence service and the british secret intelligence service questioning the authenticity of the claims , the us government and british government utilized them to build a rationale for military [ ... ] it 's not really the german intelligence community at fault here , especially considering that the german chancellor was n't convinced by this `` evidence '' . 
  it would prove to be very problematic regarding our basic law . 
  and our basic law is essentially as powerful as a god in the legal world . 
  you ca n't change most of the relevant provisions . 
  that 's a pan-european problem however . 
  the most problematic equipment ( nh90 , a400m ) is european and other nations face the same problem . 
  the sea hawks are american and very old .
