   die zeit pulled former berlin spd state finance minister thilo sarrazin out of the woodwork i personally disagree with mr. sarrazin . 
  however * die zeit * is willing to print controversial stuff from time to time . 
  this does not mean that they support that opinion . 
   the opponents clearly include interior minister de maizi\u00e8re and finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  uh what ? 
  i have not seen sch\u00e4uble being overly critical of taking in refugees . 
  neither is that completely true for de maiziere . 
  well . 
  i can understand if a kingmaker party is able to punch over its actual weight and i can understand it getting some important ministries . 
  however , i can not understand them requesting the office of the head . 
  germanys parliament consisted of three parties for a very long time . 
  cdu ( merkels party ) , spd ( social democrats ) and fdp ( liberal democrats ) . 
  the fdp was the kingmaker in most of the cases and they always had more influence over the german politics than it would have been due to their seats in the parliament . 
  i can not imagine how it would have been if they had straight up requested being chancellor . 
  i actually do not give a damn about the religion or background of that guy . 
  what i find more shocking is that a minor party thinks it is appropriate to request this office from a much larger coalition partner . 
  actually the media feedback was n't that bad . 
  well , if you are advocating for the ` pure ' free speech , then it is censorship . 
  if you are holding the opinion that statements like this are * not * protected by the free speech ( like in germany and some other countries ) , it should not really be considered censorship . 
  being against immigration will never be a target of that deleting , all that is targeted is hate speech . 
   `` we have no choice . 
  the life will be better if we can go to germany '' the grass is always greener on the other side of the river . 
  they very much have a choice . 
  i can understand this way of thinking from a human perspective , however . 
   european union officials announced 12.5 million euros in aid for `` psycho-social support and education '' of syrian children and 5 million euros for monthly food aid to 41,000 syrian refugees in three camps in turkey seriously eu ? 
  we do not need to send a few millions , we need to send billions to improve the conditions in the neighboring countries . 
  otherwise people wont stop coming here . 
  i dont think this is really feasible , but time will tell . 
  i would consider russia a `` major actor '' . 
  in case russia really gets active , not supporting the ` other ' side could be a feasible option for the eu that would indirectly benefit assad . 
  none of the possible outcomes is that charming for us . 
  i hope you are talking about the outter borders here . 
   by my humble estimations , based on the speed of unified eu decisions in the past , a first draft for that will be discussed in about 2072 . 
  i actually think the things ( at least the things for the continent ) will be faster . 
  if something threatens us , the eu can be really `` quick '' ( see greece ) . 
  for help outside the continent ( which is needed to prevent further refugee waves ) , it will likely be a lot slower . 
  agreed . 
  but in the same way that it is illusional saying that we will help everyone , it is illusional to say that all of these things are none of our concern . 
  the support for the countries that have taken in most refugees ( syrias neighbors ) has been ... underwhelming to say the least . 
  if we want to ` do less ' at home , we have to do more elsewhere . 
  agreed . 
   has likely turned the population completely against him i doubt that . 
  if he did not have support of the people in the areas the government is still holding , his regime would cease to exist . 
  interesting . 
  the question however is : would these numbers remain that way if one party was significantly weaker ? 
  lets say the russian troops actually take part in the fights and they somehow manage to drive the is troops back into the desert , an area where fighting yields a lot less civil casualties . 
  would n't these numbers go down significantly ? 
  ( yes , i know that there would still be the fsa ), 
  because libya is a transit country . 
  the civil war also does not cover the whole country . 
  still , it is a war zone . 
  the last time i checked , there was civil war in libya going on and the last time i checked the neighboring countries of syria could not take in more refugees . 
  closing the borders ( it is questionable that you can even fully ` close ' the coastline of greece and italy ) wont change a thing asides from the fact that everybody would be registered in said countries . 
  we are obliged to accept these people if they come from a war area as nobody is deporting into war areas . 
  any source for these numbers ? 
  yes . 
  edit : obviously there are some people that really dislike me . 
  downvoting for a simple `` yes '' ... well . 
  true . 
  well , they enforce these community standards * because * germany called for them to respect the law . 
  the law is still valid . 
  no matter what way facebook complies with the law , it needs to comply . 
  if its own standards are enough and they enforce those , we are fine . 
  it would be pretty stupid if it is a criminal offence but you leave the law-violating statement standing . 
  facebook very much has an obligation to follow german law . 
  if they dont , we could prohibit any commercial activities of facebook in germany . 
  they surely dont want that . 
  facebook eu is based in ireland by the way . 
  the law . 
  where is the problem with also deleting the comment ? 
   this comment does n't propose killing people it is appreciating the death of people in public . 
   you will evenetually understand when the censorship will affect you again , this is not an introduction of censorship . 
  none of the said statements are covered by this policy . 
  calling for killing refugees or appreciating their death is . 
  this actually has nothing to do with `` truth '' . 
  this guy is not only stupid , he also committed a crime by doing so . 
  why should there a difference between saying it in public and posting it on facebook ? 
  nobody is talking about manipulating opinion . 
  the only thing that is done is * applying * the already existing laws on facebook . 
  calling for putting refugees in gas chambers is a criminal offence if you say it in public and it is a criminal offence if you write it on facebook . 
  hatred is not covered by the freedom of speech . 
  at least not in germany and parts of europe . 
  [ citation needed ] this is an unfounded claim . 
  this headline makes me want to throw up . 
  clickbait much . 
  all that they are working on is to prevent hate speech \u00e1 la `` i am glad that these 71 invaders died in the truck in austria , hopefully this happens to more people '' . 
  it is still completely fine to be opposed to taking in refugees , it is still completely fine to critizise the way it is dealt with currently . 
  well , the syrians , eritreans and iraqis are legit refugees as well . 
  there have n't been many conflicts where non-whites came to germany and were granted asylum or refugee status . 
  at least not in large numbers . 
  how should the skin color matter for this anyways ? 
  i would argue that the obstacle currently are not the general asylum rights but the fact that we can do not deport to war areas . 
  but we can and should not change that rule . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but our refugee and asylum laws do * not * date back to ww2 . 
  they were changed in the context of said crisis , in the 90s . 
   mass economic immigration is both possible and logical even the old asylum laws are suited to reject people that are purely economic migrants . 
  true . 
  helping them in the first place would likely have been a lot cheaper for us . 
  in the first eight months of 1998 , 115,000 people from bosnia left germany . 
  1435 of them were deported , 11,500 travelled to other states .
