  contrary to some exponents of the west , germany has , until crimea happened , always tried to have good relations with russia . 
  same goes with china . 
  in contrast to the us , we do not see china as a threat or an enemy but as a partner that offers economic prospects for both sides . 
  in general , we prefer to be in some kind of neutral , mediating position . 
  and i do not see anything wrong with that . 
  we are busy enough with the eu and its crises , there is no need to look for more problems on the world stage . 
  well , ignoring the largest part of our history , this is true :p, 
  big suprise - german leaders do not play a prominent role when it comes to war action . 
  they never did and they never intended to . 
  we are pretty happy if we can stay out of armed conflicts . 
  completely inappropriate . 
   at least germany had common language hardly identifiable as such . 
  i am not talking about the reunification here but the first formations of a union of german countries . 
  of course , this is not comparable to the current situation and the eu . 
  but it certainly is n't impossible just because there are differences today . 
  so were the states of germany once . 
  time changes people and countries . 
  i dont think we are too different . 
  the leeway is * enormeous * . 
  we 'll see what the people are going to propose and judge afterwards . 
  however , i can already see the problems arising : if this is going to happen , the core would pretty likely make it a requirement to join the euro , something that quite a few countries are not consent with while these countries still would want to be part of a deeper integration in general . 
  this wont run though . 
  it is not the point to please all eurosceptics with this . 
  however , if this goes through , i can see this change shifting the brexit polls significantly in favor of a stay . 
  the changes could be seen as sufficient for the more moderate sceptics and it might convince the majority of the undecided people to vote to stay . 
   even efta with brussels diktat , customs union , free movement and the non-discrimantory clauses for eu/efta citizens will be too much for many brexit advocates . 
  the goal is not to please the brexit advocates but to give europe conditions where it can operate properly . 
  if a part of countries does not want to go on with further integration , you have two options : stop it or allow these countries to integrate at a lower speed . 
  i would argue that the second option is the best for both sides . 
  if this is enough to please the brits , its a bonus . 
   uk ( and probably norway ) want 50 ( +6 ) speed europe . 
  every country can adopt the eu things that profit them , and ignore the things that cost them . 
  this wont run however . 
  two speeds might be manageable , not more . 
  from 7 years ago :  both leaders [ merkel and tusk ] said no serious european politician would support a so-called two-speed europe . 
  from 4 years ago :  tusk : the truth is that i was convinced then , and i am convinced today , that an attempt to divide europe into two clubs where , for example , the euro-zone countries would form one separate club , is definitely wrong . 
  for poland , given our historical experience , it is very important that europe has faith in its own strength and believes in the point of integration . 
  -- -- -- i hovever seriously doubt that juncker would push forth with this without talking to the other leading personnel both in the eu and of the eu . 
  a lot of it depends on how this would be designed and who would be part of what zone . 
   juncker is actually relatively sane quite funny that cameron might eventually be happy that he did n't manage to prevent juncker . 
  i think even the ` low speed ' group would be quite a bit ` more ' than efta is or was . 
  i dont know . 
  this seems to be quite a lot to go through someones head just when people are singing the anthem , so i am a bit doubtful . 
  sing it to show solidarity with the french , or dont sing it for whatever reason you dont want to . 
  but dont make a drama out of it . 
  this is probably the single best way to handle it . 
  it has the potential to increase happiness for everyone , including the brits . 
  depending on how this will be designed , it might help meeting british demands without the core countries having to give up on anything ( significant ) . 
  i wonder if such an ` eu light ' could convince norway to join . 
  this is cooperation that doesnt help anybody . 
  besides the refugees of course . 
  i guess this expression is more directed at the fact that eu countries are starting to build fences on inner borders while countries like greece are simply incapable of dealing with the influx . 
  since this is pretty much impossible as a unilateral step , i doubt that there would be a problem . 
  well you could see it that way : i sincerely doubt that , in case schengen is killed , the states not included in the mini schengen would have a significant interest in maintaining freedom of travel with everyone else . 
  i could see many mini schengen-like agreements . 
  let 's say the v4 , france with spain , the balkans , whatever . 
  but the other countries would certainly secure their borders . 
  which would make it sufficient for germany to staff the borders , there would be no need to build a fence . 
  yes , it 's interesting . 
  i think it 's pretty sad it has come to this . 
  i sincerely doubt that germany will build any kind of fence . 
  both hungary and austria closing their borders would make it completely unlikely that we will see people coming to germany through poland or the czech republic . 
  all of this is hypothetical because i do n't believe in a mini schengen as a good alternative . 
  i agree with the coalition partner in the netherlands . 
  it is a bad idea but still the best scenario in case the good idea fails . 
  you ignore the fact that this agreement would include securing the outer borders of this mini schengen . 
  it makes quite a lot of sense to include germany . 
  first of all there is a lot of cross-border commute for work plus you forget that schengen is more than just free movement . 
  germany is by far the most important export destination for the netherlands . 
  reintroducing border controls would be an obstacle to the free flow of these goods . 
  what additional costs are you talking about ? 
  i do n't see any . 
  exactly . 
  what op fails to mention that is is meant to be a possible action of last resort as the southern european countries fail to cooperate on the issue currently . 
  italy is a direct arrival point for refugees . 
  the point is , that no refugee , if genuine or not , has perpetrated a terror attack so far . 
  `` europeans are historically more likely to start world wars and commit genocides , so it 's only right to watch them with suspicion '' this would be the argument that was thrown at my head repeatedly over the last days here on reddit translated to this situation . 
  it is simply recognizing that we have a significant amount of people living here whose faith happens to be islam . 
  this statement is not meant to lift islam into the state principles or even into a state religion . 
  it means acknowledging that it is a part of our society , no matter if we like it or not . 
  it means that these people , together with their religion , belong into our society and are an integral part of it , and i would argue that this view is a lot more beneficial for both sides than religious segregation , than seeing it as some kind of element that is entirely alien and does n't belong here . 
  this cant really be brought up in our defence as we likely would have if we had been faster developing it . 
  [ i knew it !, 
  ] ( http://www.interessantes.at/dollartrick/all-seeing_eye_unfinished_pyramid.jpg ), 
  merkel expressed her consent with that statement though , stating that islam obviously belongs to germany . 
  i will probably get crucified for this , but i dont think wulff or merkel are wrong saying this . 
  first picture at the very bottom . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.newsiosity.com/sites/default/files/soagnry.jpg ), 
  i dont see how this statement is relevant here ? 
  `` usa - global terrorists '' signs really are multi-use . 
  you can bring them to literally any demonstration . 
  i dont think so . 
  i am pretty certain that the cdu is a lot more compatible to the spd than to the afd . 
  you are not in the position to tell that to people , though . 
  let people believe whatever they want , * this * is the accomplishment . 
  and even if what you said could be accomplished : your attempt would still mainly discriminate against the members of a single religion . 
  you are willing to sacrifice one of the greatest achievements of human history because you are afraid of terror . 
  great . 
  the illegality of discrimination based on religion is none of the parts that need to be revised . 
  quite the contrary , it needs protection in current times .
