  if you fail to understand this , i would advice you to read some rule of law 101 . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  justice can only be where everyone is held to the same standard , no matter who he is or what he thinks or did . 
  treating these people different would probably be nice for the victims ' families ( * maybe * ) , but it would not be just . 
   i do know better about your country . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  you obviously have no significant economic schooling , i guess you consider yourself an expert based on reading news outlets on the internet ? 
   you have stockholm syndrome . 
  your identifying and sympathising with your captor ( the euro . ), 
  this is the most ridiculous allegation i have read today . 
   and did i say greece was n't riddled with corruption ? 
  it 's precisely because greece is riddled with corruption that it needs to devalue its currency and do quantitative easing the ease its debt . 
  your post fails to adress this issue completely . 
  along with a multitute of other issues . 
   not germany 's problem , i know , but if we let go of realpolitik thinking , i can see an argument for a different decision . 
  well , i of course can see this argument . 
  but i think it is a disgrace if countries that so far had no problems with bypassing ukraine suddenly discover their sense of solidarity . 
  i ca n't help but i do n't think the criticism of countries like hungary or poland is really focussed on the issue . 
  ukraine is a nice proxy argument for them . 
   also , i do not entirely understand the point of the new pipe from germany 's perspective . 
  the current pipe system is used at half capacity ; is their a good reason to build a new one , apart from geo-politics ? 
  geo-politics has a bad sound to it . 
  if we want to ensure that our gas flow wo n't be affected by any further problems in ukraine ( and call it political or not , if ukraine fails to honour payments , which they objectively have , in this case russia has a point ) , ns2 is the way to go . 
   vetoes are being overused , and many times too often they constitute a form of blackmail . 
  i think they should be reserved for the utmost critical decisions , such as allowing new members into the union . 
  i think a situation such as this , where a few nations are affected by an important decision but not all , qmv should be used ( just like it was for migration ) . 
  for general issues that affect all or most of the members , normal majority votes should be used . 
  fair enough ( even though i think it was extremely wrong to use qmv for the quotas ) . 
  he stepped back from leading the parliamentary group of the * linke * . 
  he still is an mp and he might run again for the next bundestag . 
  nonsense . 
  you fail to undersand the meaning of a modern state of law . 
  the point is that everyone has the same rights , no matter what he or she has done . 
  and that 's the fucking right attempt . 
  `` hey , did you even watch this shitty three minute video that is produced by some nobody who claims to know better about your county than you . 
  shame on you for holding a different opinion '' or what ? 
  actually it is n't . 
  this is not about a precedent , we have a fixed procedure when it comes to prohibiting a party . 
  in fact , there have been two cases where parties have been prohibited - the sdp ( a successor organisation of the nsdap ) and the german communist party . 
  granted this was 60 years ago , the same law still applies . 
  we had further attempts of banning parties , but none of them has been successful . 
  the lastest attempt was directed at the same party we are talking about today . 
  there was no final decision because it turned out that there were police informers in leading positions in that party at that point in time . 
  i however do not think that there need to be worries - the requirements for this procedure are very narrow . 
  being strictly opposed to the constitution and the core principles of our democratic society alone is not enough , the party has to display `` an actively competitive , aggressive attitude towards the existing order '' . 
  for people to lazy to search for it themselves - here 's the top 53 : 1 . 
  switzerland ( 7.509 ) 3 . 
  iceland ( 7.501 ) 4 . 
  norway ( 7.498 ) 5 . 
  finland ( 7.413 ) 6 . 
  netherlands ( 7.339 ) 8 . 
  new zealand ( 7.334 ) 9 . 
  australia ( 7.313 ) 10 . 
  sweden ( 7.291 ) 11 . 
  costa rica ( 7.087 ) 15 . 
  germany ( 6.994 ) 17 . 
  brazil ( 6.952 ) 18 . 
  ireland ( 6.907 ) 20 . 
  mexico ( 6.778 ) 22 . 
  singapore ( 6.739 ) 23 . 
  united kingdom ( 6.725 ) 24 . 
  chile ( 6.705 ) 25 . 
  argentina ( 6.650 ) 27 . 
  czech republic ( 6.596 ) 28 . 
  united arab emirates ( 6.573 ) 29 . 
  colombia ( 6.481 ) 32 . 
  france ( 6.478 ) 33 . 
  saudi arabia ( 6.379 ) 35 . 
  taiwan ( 6.379 ) 36 . 
  spain ( 6.361 ) 38 . 
  trinidad and tobago ( 6.168 ) 44 . 
  venezuela ( 6.084 ) 45 . 
  italy ( 5.977 ) 51 . 
  belize ( 5.956 ) 53 . 
  japan ( 5.921 ), 
   whenever any of their representatives makes a statement , i just have to shake my head . 
  actually gysi is probably the best speaker in the whole parliament . 
  and in much of what he says , he is actually pretty reasonable . 
  well , you do n't have to leave disappointed : there is currently a case in front of our constitutional court attempting to ban the nazi party . 
  it will have little impact on the reality however . 
  that party is losing members like crazy and they are on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  even if they wo n't get banned , they will likely not be able to play a role in the future . 
  actually , it 's getting downvoted for shitty quality . 
  op is presenting a complex issue in a very simple way that does not live up to the issue . 
  there might be some truth to some of the points mentioned , but it is very cheap to mass up some arguments against an issue no matter that they are not coherent and do not show the full scale picture . 
   currencies do n't work without political union . 
   everyone knows this now , greece has proved it . 
  this video does a really shitty job . 
  it is simply impossible to put the variety of issues concerning the euro into a three minute video . 
  differences in unemployment are n't what caused the financial crisis . 
  before the crisis , [ unemployment in greece ] ( https://fbkfinanzwirtschaft.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/greek_unemployment_rate_chart.jpg ) was only marginally higher than in germany . 
  devaluating your currency is also not the only thing that can be done if you are running into high unemloyment - internal devaluation is a possibility , becoming more competitive is a possiblity . 
  there is a bit more that led to the crisis than just the flaws of the euro . 
  hosting olympic games at a cost close to 10 % of your gdp for example . 
   they also knew that crises caused by the single currency could only be cured by a federal europe . 
  they did n't care that there would be upheaval and deaths and suicides in the process . 
  all they cared about was their dream . 
  i would argue that a joint financial policy can be conducted without the need of a superstate . 
  of course , the euro was always meant to be only the first step towards a federal europe , but this was abundantly clear to every single country that joined the euro . 
  it is not like the people did not know what they signed up for .
