  macedonia have every right to close the border and the problem remains in greece . 
  simply . 
  nobody denies macedonia that right . 
  does not mean that we are not allowed to criticize a unilateral border closure and care about greece . 
   nonsense is what you disagree ? 
  it is not an ` attack on western countries ' . 
  this is some top level conspiracy . 
   fastest 12 years old . . not so impossible . 
  this is why i wrote `` pretty much '' . 
  i cant rule it out . 
  but i think even you will agree with me that cases like this are extremely rare , so rare that they are not having an impact on the staticstic . 
   24 posing a 15 years old ... would still be covered by our data set . 
   ok , it 's sweden ... i hope that germany at least does a minimal control about real age . 
  [ we are ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2015/35/junge-fluechtlinge-alterspruefung-genitaluntersuchung-entwuerdigend-streitgespraech ) ( in german )  ( reposted without dailymail link ) what was your response to my quote ? 
   you 've brought in a million people out of this million , perhaps 600,000 will be accepted . 
   most of whom have very little education and skills true . 
   do n't know the language the turks who came here in the 70s also did n't know the language . 
  this can be changed easier than general education . 
   therefore have very little chance of creating anything resembling a normal successful life in germany in the next 5 years . 
  we will have to see how it goes . 
   adding to that they 're from a completely different cultural background with values that in many issues are polar opposites of western values so they 'll feel practically no connection to wider german society . 
  so were the turks that came here . 
   when they 'll be disappointed by what they are able to be in germany , and they will be , they will do two things : get angry and retreat further back to their traditional values as the one familiar thing they have . 
  that will inevitably lead to ethnic conflict both between different groups of migrants and with mainstream german culture . 
  there are worse things than living here , even if you end up on benefits . 
  i disagree with the ethnic conflicts . 
   well you seem to accept the premise that turkey will take all new arrivals back . 
  it will never happen . 
  the agreement that will allow us to deport people to turkey is already negotiated and finished . 
  the problem for us is that it wo n't enter into force for over a year . 
   waiting until the eu can deport to turkey is ensuring a never ending flow of refugees . 
  if it is in a short period of time , it is n't . 
   the eu needs to detain all those illegally crossing the border until they can be deported to their country of origin . 
  you can not detain syrians until their war is over . 
  this would be a violation of pretty much everything that concerns human rights . 
   waiting until turkey solves the problem is what the eu has been doing since the last summer . 
  the eu has failed to give turkey what they promised , so its a small wonder turkey did n't act . 
   i have strongly to disagree . 
  hungary have stopped the flood i am not talking about closing borders here . 
  i am talking about hungary treated people inside its borders . 
  this has been shameful . 
   the flood that greece and germany have started sorry to disappoint you , but neither of our two countries has ` started ' anything . 
  the refugees were coming before greece enacted these policies , before merkel even said a word . 
   if it is someone shameful and violating european human right are these two countries . 
  you do not understand the meaning of european human rights then . 
  it 's always nice to allege a law violation , but this is actually so far off . 
   so proxy wars are not real wars between powers ? 
  using irregular militia it is the same thing . 
  this is neither a proxy war nor would it qualify as militia . 
   macedonia have all the right to not accept anyone . 
  of course they do . 
  if they do not want people entering their country , they have to secure their border . 
  this is not greeces fault . 
  because , as you can see , people are travelling to the border without any greek support currently . 
   have you read the links ? 
  blackmail and laws passed to make this flood more easy . 
  it is a clear attack to western countries for the economic situation . 
  nonsense . 
  this analogy is actually so bad . 
   what i have said . 
  nothing that would change my mind in this regard . 
   and they have been attacked . 
  they deserve some apologies . 
  nonsense . 
  hungary 's handling of refugees inside its borders have been shameful and violated human dignity . 
  your article by the way outlines a major dublin and schengen violation from hungary if we follow your arguments . 
   yes , in the past times was called a declaration of war . 
  nonsense . 
  this is an unfounded claim . 
   and the boats ? 
  all legal ? 
  it is a joke ? 
  it is still not the turkish government . 
   greece can send people to turkey like they send it to macedonia , macedonia it is not in schengen and they have no obligation to accept people from greece . 
  greece otherwise want to blackmail europe . 
  greece is not sending anyone . 
  greece is not telling anyone : `` go to macedonia '' , people are like `` take us to the macedonian border '' - big difference . 
   greece otherwise want to blackmail europe . 
  so what . 
   and they have also passed a bill to ease migration that does nothing in this regard . 
   exactly one year ago . 
  they have opened the flood , they have to be expelled from schengen . 
  if it did n't reach you yet : the people are coming via see , not via land border . 
   but a never ending street of immigrants is exactly what reopening the border insures . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
   merkel has not proposed anything that would ever stop the flow . 
  being able to deport people to turkey would actually do that . 
  it does not make sense to cross into europe if you are deported immediately . 
  we would already do this , but we need the agreement with turkey to enter into force to do it . 
   so long as the border of europe are not controlled and all illegal border crosses returned ( either immediately or after being detained until such a point that they remember where they came from ) the flow will not end . 
  guess what , this is pretty much what merkel intends to do :o  if later on germany wants to process refugees directly from turkey then germany can do that , but it will never be pan european . 
  it is a necessity to achieve being able to deport to turkey however . 
   sure , merkel might not want more refugees in germany , but her policies insure that they would keep coming . 
  i disagree . 
   it 's like a parent who wants their kids to lose weight , but every time the kid starts crying they break down and give them sweets because they ca n't stand up to a child 's whining . 
  we are not doing this because we want more refugees but because we want to help greece . 
   it is incredibly hard to remove illegal migrants once they are here , especially if they have been here for a few years . 
  you get all sorts of problems along the way that are n't on your radar now : human right groups , far left anarchists , lawsuits against the government , euchr warnings etc. . . 
  accurate , but it is not impossible . 
  we are already putting pressure on the northern african states , and there seems to be progress .
