  youth employment can only be fixed with investions . 
  also i really dislike your wording ( `` after '' ) . 
  the budget surplus is not supposed to be ending now ` just ' because you accomplished a primary surplus for a short time . 
   eu was a mistake the eu wasnt a mistake . 
  you can argue about the ez , but not about the eu . 
  greece has been profiting from eu payments for decades now . 
  i sincerely doubt that anything could drastically devaluate the euro currently . 
  further qe from the ecb is somewhat unlikely ( as the last programme is still running ) , greece defaulting would let is fall significantly for a short period of time , but it will probably come back stronger after a short time as the ` burden ' greece will no longer be upon the euro states . 
  well , you feel it about as much as the ukraine crisis or the brexit discussion . 
  nevertheless these things are pretty ` real ' . 
  it doesnt need to happen in your living room and hit you in the face to be real in my opinion . 
  the euro isnt strong by any means currently . 
   and threats to sign an unacceptable deal requesting debt cuts , no matter how much they are required , is exactly this for many central and northern european parliaments - an unacceptable deal . 
  the ` ultimatums ' , as you call them , were not set by the germans or anyone - they were simply repayment dates that were negotiated a long time ago . 
  what else do you expect the other governments to do ? 
  delay any paybacks until a ` deal ' is reached ? 
  the greek economy was heavily hit by the fear of a grexit , however the lost credibility and the ineffective authorities in greece played their part aswell . 
  you can not rule out the ` uncompetitive ' part and put all blame on the fear of a grexit . 
  i am not going to argue with you about that union stuff because i have a fundamentally different opinion . 
  well , the greek crisis is pretty much a ` real thing ' , however i think everyone would appreciate the articles about greece becoming less , because of two reasons : first of all a variety of topics is more enjoyable than the same topic over and over again , 20 times with slightly varied nuances . 
  secondly , it would mean that greece is somewhat getting back on track . 
  as long as greece remains struggling , it will stay on the top of the news . 
  according to my criminal law professor , there was a case where a couple consisted of siblings . 
  they would make a child and the brother would get jailed for it . 
  once he gets out of jail , he would do the same and go back to jail . 
  a child being born is pretty much the only way to prosecute incest . 
  asides from that , a lot of confusion about people ` partying ' because of the ` no ' vote . 
  i am studying law and a professor of criminal law of mine mentioned this debate . 
  it seems that it really is interesting for a lot of people . 
  it almost feels like the sub would be empty then . 
   ( you will get to see that eventually in other european nations very soon ) . 
  yes of course , there will be civil war in spain next week and in portugal the week after . 
  keep it calm . 
   going to the drachma is the only way to restore stability imo , depending on the terms and depending on your definition of ` stability ' . 
   the euro and the institutions backing it have proven that the `` union '' part of the eu is nothing but a farce . 
  i disagree , but i am not gon na argue with you since it would lead nowhere . 
  this is still far off your claim of 400-500 billion . 
  a `` much greater '' , meaning almost twice that money is simply not possible . 
   400-500 billion euros was spent on military equipment in a 25 years span , which is insane . 
  i doubt this . 
  in fact , it is not possible that greece spent this amount of money . 
  the greek military budget peaked at 6.2 billion euros in 2008 , according to the eda . 
  even if you maintained that spending over 25 years , you wouldnt reach more than 150 billion . 
  any source for your claim ? 
  yes , i totally agree that the german arms industry profited from the greek arms shopping and that there was also a lot of corruption involved . 
  however , a lot of the arms were bought because your military requested it , not because germany insisted on you buying stuff . 
  if we did n't sell it to you , you would probably have bought stuff in france , italy or russia . 
  i think you are talking about primary surplus , not budget surplus . 
  yes , athens has managet to get on without ` outside money ' for a short period of time , but they burned through any reserve that they had , including even the cash reserves of your embassies to accomplish that . 
  the only thing left is the gold in your central bank . 
  it is n't exactly a sign that it will continue this way . 
  well , clickbait ... 
  this headline is completely misleading . 
  the are * not * allowed by law , it is just the suggestion of a freaking ethics committee . 
  this does not mean that the goverment will actually put this into legislation . 
  if it happens it wo n't be limited to germany and no single party/state will be to blame for everything . 
  it * is * relevant because it indicates that there are conservative lawmakers that are pretty much on the same line as varoufakis . 
  which is wrong . 
  unfortunately there is no political will for this . 
  nobody is willing to give up on budget right . 
  i misinterpreted it then , it was late . 
  thanks for clearing this up . 
  trust me , we germans have experience with it aswell . 
  there are several measures to speed up the printing process , only printing one side ( was done ) and leaving out any security mechanisms for example . 
  i however do not know whether that is possible with the current presses greece owns . 
  not exactly surprising . 
  given the current situation , i do not see the relationship with russia go back to the level where exports of sensible arms is realistic ( in the next years ) . 
  however , it is also a setback for russia . 
  instead of having two vessels that are already built , they will have to start from scratch , meaning that they will be finished 2020 the earliest and it will take some more years until they enter service . 
  all of that is true . 
  a german company that prints bills said that the introduction of a ` regular ' currency should take about 18 months . 
  the euro had prep time of 10 years . 
  nevertheless it is wrong to claim that they dont have any possibility to print anything anymore . 
  i also am pretty sure that some companies are already ` preparing ' drachmas ( meaning designing and preparing to build machines ) , it would give them an advantage in the competition . 
  then again , as / u/naurgul outlined , it is taken a bit out of context , but i am too tired to watch it in context now . 
   a ) how do you know that there 's no potential of passing the parliaments ? 
  because i read a lot of varoufakis ' proposals and i think i have a pretty good grasp on the ` northern ' parliaments to tell you that it wont go through . 
  none of the ideas listed in his ` modest proposal ' for example will have a realistic chance of getting implemented in the current eu setup . 
   varoufakis is a very well respected economist both in economic science and the private sector . 
  arguable . 
  he is respected by some , disliked by others . 
  nobody would deny that this guy is very intelligent , however i disagree with the label ` brilliant ' . 
  an idea bears no worth for solving the crisis if it can not be implemented . 
  if you cant accomplish that - yay , you developed a cool new theory . 
  go to a university and teach them to students . 
  nothing else will happen with it . 
  you are just a guy/gal , who will simply twist everything under a negative prism in order to dismiss everything . 
  wrong . 
  i just dislike praising people when it is not due . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  i think there are some people around that actually do some observing , but they are so few that it is totally unlikely one will ever meet one . 
   i do n't understand what you mean by national and international observers so i ca n't answer to that question . 
  people that observe elections/referendums to prevent voting fraud . 
  the osce tends to send people into less developed countries . 
  however , i do not think greece qualifies as ` less developed ' . 
  still , there will likely be some observers , but only in small numbers . 
  ` ja ' and the infamous ` nein ', 
  i dont know , probably the cheapest ink available at that time . 
   from a purely practical standpoint , it could make sense to use regular euro notes with big red `` oxi '' stamps . 
  they can technically still print euros , yes ?
