  she likes to have a coalition partner for political reasons . 
  you mean ns2 ? 
  it is possible that he will become secretary of state when steinmeier is elected president early next year . 
  if the spd loses the next election , gabriel will be done for and schulz will be there to pick up the role as opposition leader . 
   or just another cdu leader ? 
  we are talking about the case where merkel runs . 
   the french election goes by simple majority . 
  if no candidate gets over 50 % in the first round then it goes to a run off . 
  marine le pen will most definitely get into the runoff according to every poll . 
  if jupp\u00e9 is the candidate for the ump or whatever they changed their name too he will get enough left/centre votes to win . 
  if sarkozy is the candidate the left may stay home out of disgust because he 's been trying to out fn the fn , and many on the french right are disgusted by him and might vote against him i 'd say its rather unlikely that the nominee will be sarko . 
   sure , and i 'm the queen of norway . 
  look at the history of events . 
  merkel did not come into office and pushed for german reign in europe . 
  would certainly please greece . 
   well , and they lost a third of their members because of that , which might prove your point . 
  yeah . 
   you do n't think that the economic problems france has can be traced to germany running the euro in a way that primarily benefits germany and the other germanic states ( benelux + austria ) ? 
  they can be traced to an inability to reform itself . 
  france accepted the euro , well aware of the rules and well aware what happened during the ems . 
   well i ca n't say i disagree , an independent bavaria would 've been logical . 
  you really do n't undestand shit about germany . 
   well of course germans wanted to reunify ( although the way west germans swooped into east germany and bought up everything - hurting communities - was almost colonial ) but what i am saying is that the inner german border should 've been enshrined in international law as a permanent border just like germany and austria who ca n't unite even you both want too . 
  in fact that 's why austria is n't in nato and did n't join the eec until much later , because being united with germany in any way is a treaty violation . 
  from a historical standpoint , austrias situation makes a lot more sense than what you are claiming . 
  get over it , germany is unified , and it is good that this happened . 
   `` i know your worries and we can solve this ! '' . 
  this is the one thing merkel is n't capable of . 
  none of the cdu leaders is capable of doing this in my opinion . 
   and should the spd go complete nuts and agree to another big coalition i 'd bet on union/greens . 
   austria is good example what happens when with big coalitions ... austria is an extreme example . 
  they have been governed by grand coalitions for thirty years ( apart from a few years ) . 
  germany has had 12 years of grand coalitions ( kiesinger , merkel i , merkel iii ) in 67 years . 
   i still hope for martin schulz as spd candidate . 
  gabriel would ruin the pity rest of the spd for another place in the government ... 
  i 'd like him to run in 2021 when he acutally has a chance . 
  my bets are still on cdu/csu/greens . 
  how do you know ? 
  every poll currently suggests that there will be no government without merkel . 
  if we had a direct election for chancellor - over 60 % would vote merkel , below 30 % for the leader of the second biggest party . 
  even the leadership of the other parties are aware that merkel is pretty much set to win another four years if she runs . 
  well , our politics are relatively boring . 
  there is no big drama apart from the afd here . 
   more likely if merkel stays on you do realize that any realistic alternative to merkel is a leftwing government ? 
   and do n't say never because the same was said if brexit and trump i will say never as the french have an election system designed to prevent this . 
   i think france as well as most of eastern and southern europe resent how germany takes an outsized role they were never elected to do . 
  in case you missed it : we never wanted to take that role . 
  we were pushed to do it . 
  it actually does not say * a thing * about her qualities as a politician . 
  i do n't care whether my chancellor has 0 or 15 kids , i do not care whether its a devote christian or an atheist ; married , homosexual or single - what matters to me is that he or she has good judgement and the qualities of a leader . 
   especially for a country like germany who need n't be taking such a front and centre position . 
  sorry , but most leaders in europe will tell you something else . 
  especially france . 
  despite their complaints . 
   sorry , justified or not ( i think somewhat ) her actions have destabilised europe and directly caused brexit . 
  there is a bit more to that . 
  without any leadership ( which no other country was willing or capable to provide ) , we would be worse off . 
  if you do not like the leadership , show us an alternative . 
  but there is n't one in the eu at the moment . 
   i would rather a strong leader in france to take charge , german leadership in europe usually has had a destabilising affect . 
  what you want does n't matter . 
  if we look at reality , france is n't able to lead since it is weak on a domestic level . 
  until france fixes its economic problems , we can not count on them . 
   quote giulio andreotti that 's a quote from fran\u00e7ois mauriac . 
  andreotti said `` i can not have enough of them '' - implying an even larger split . 
   east germany should 've been allowed to remain and just transition into a non-communist state , just as austria today is a german state with a sovereign government . 
  there was never a desire amongst the german people for this . 
  we are quite happy to be unified and we wo n't let other countries split us anymore . 
  this has happened in 1949 , it is enough . 
  de maiziere is a bureaucrat , not a leader . 
  this does n't make a great politician . 
   uhm ... there 's also how merkel came to lead the cdu . 
  or how kohl became chancellor . 
  merkels rise happened after kohl had already lost the election in ' 98 . 
  kohl did n't replace a member of his own party when he became chancellor but a political oppoenent . 
  i think i was a bit unclear in my wording . 
  when i wrote `` especially while in government '' , i meant members of the governing party . 
  well , the number of children does n't say much . 
  she has maids taking care of them . 
   i do n't guess it 's random event . 
  i am not familiar with it , but the most likely scenario is that the funding ran out . 
  at that time , nobody even knew what we would experience in 2015 . 
   you also say that you take refugees for humanitarian reasons.i absolutely ca n't agree with that.that 's spitting on face of poor syrian refugees in jordan or lebanon.those who ca n't afford costly journey to europe , those who are disabled , those who lost all their assets in war and managed just to pass jordanian or lebanese border.imagine that you are syrian , your hometown has been leveled you are without money.jordanian government forbids you to work ( refugees ca n't work in jordan ) . there are in fact smugglers but they are not a charity and charges lot of money.amounts impossible to get . 
  this does not change the fact that the people coming here are refugees fleeing from war/inhumane conditions in the camps of the region . 
  the fact that there are poorer human beings does n't change that fact . 
   one euro in jordan is worth much more than in germany and can help much more there . 
  and i do not deny that . 
  thing is : pretty much all countries in the world have failed to see the relevance of providing good funding for these camps . 
  apart from the uk maybe . 
  everyone is at fault here . 
  and if we are quite honest , your countries are more at fault than germany - the v4 have given laughable amounts of money compared to what would have been a fair share . 
   germany took 1mln , but jordan , lebanon and tukey hosts 6mln . it is impossible to move them all to germany . 
  this has never been the plan ? 
  we had no intention of taking in a million people when i am honest . 
   you take us to do jobs that you dont want to do . 
  in part this is true - e.g. 
  picking esparagus . 
  there are also poles employed in higher positions here however . 
   it 's not any kind of charity , just bussiness have i ever claimed something else ? 
  the same applies towards domestic people however .
