  for bashar ? 
  for the fsa ? 
  for ???? 
  - it will probably end up in a similar way as in libya . 
  if , in a country with a minimum wage , you lose your job because they prefer an immigrant that has problems speaking the language , no former references , no network and not even a german degree , you are surely doing something wrong . 
  feel free to stay there . 
  what do you want to tell me with this ? 
  `` you agreed not to expand nato beyond the former wall '' . 
  i 'll give you the numbers tomorrow ( was a german newspaper article that i have to find and translate first ) . 
  this ` becoming a majority ' is a classic right wing argument , even if the people coming from africa continue coming here at that rate for 20 years ( which it wo n't as we will see the return to structures in many of the unstable areas now at some point ) , it will not even get close to that . 
  illegal camps are surely a problem at some points , however this must not result in us abandoning asylum in general . 
  and since there is no possibility to claim asylum from african soil , this means that we will have to live with people coming via boat . 
  you almost make it sound like people just have to get onto european soil and we throw money at them , give them cotizenship and also buy them a house . 
  it is actually relatively easy , the people getting asylum are allowed to stay and the people that do n't will be sent back unless the situation in their countr of origin is critical . 
  have you ever had a look at a home for asylum seekers in europe ? 
  even the ` better ones ' are pretty much overcrowded buildings with little interior and a lot of dead time , not exactly a paradise as some people seem to imagine it sometimes . 
  recent calculations have shown that they make a few ten thousand per crossing , not millions . 
  also , they are just able to sell places on ships because there is a demand for it . 
  even if they make a fortune of it , it does not allow us to kill people trying to get asylum here . 
  in have n't read about someone getting shot because he tried to pass a border for some time in the civilized world . 
  this is not about feeling guilty but about preserving accomplishments of the european societies . 
  you can not deny that people from syria are worthy of asylum , given what is going on in their country . 
  and by the way , the most asylum seekers do not come from africa or syria but from kosovo and russia . 
  i am aware of that , i was just repeating what some duma members said . 
  while i agree that the laws and conventions sometimes have to change , a comparison loaded with negativity is unfitting here . 
  also , what do you want to change about it ? 
  people are not going to take the right of asylum and human dignity out of it , so stuff affecting the refugees coming wo n't really change . 
  we could pretty much do that at the moment and would even get applauded for it given the situation we are in currently . 
  however , i do not see the possibility of us going to war against another country ever again in my lifetime ( un/nato involvement being a different thing ) . 
  obviously not . 
  what i found really funny was that they tried to turn the happenings in germany against the arguments about the annexation of crimea . 
  they said `` how can crimea voting to join russia in a referendum be an annexation while the gdr did n't even have a referendum and it still was n't called an annexation by the western side ? '', 
  that the way australia ` solved ' the problem violates the echr , which the european nations are bound to follow . 
  people are already doing that because of the lack of university fees here . 
  it is a deal that benefits the students , the us and even germany . 
  the students do not have to pay university fees , the us does not need to provide for anything but still gets educated people and germany profits since 40 % of american absolvents of german universities stay over 10 years and pay taxes . 
  border protection is not a reasonable excuse to kill people/let people die . 
  even if it was publicly announced - it would still violate human rights . 
  many of them have legitimate asylum claims . 
  as / u/fluchtpunkt suggested , they would just sink their ships . 
  you can not ` put them back on their ship ' if there is no ship left . 
  also , you would violate human rights by sending them back as well as you would send people , some with valid asylum claims , into a warzone . 
  australia is not part of the echr . 
  the ecthr might want to have a say on this . 
  there is no excuse for letting people drown in the ocean . 
  this analogy with homosexuality laws is absolutely misplaced . 
  this is true for most currencies , however not in consideration that japan was in a deflation . 
  i was talking about taking pride in the conventions , not about taking pride in the refugees . 
  where do you want to send troops ? 
  to syria ? 
  to libya ? 
  just on the sea ? 
  there is no reasonable military solution for the conflict . 
  many countries do not offer the possibility to apply for asylum in their embassies ( e.g. 
  germany does n't ) . 
  also , the embassies in the states that are at war are often closed ( e.g. 
  in syria ) . 
  switzerland allowed to apply for asylum in their embassies until 2012 , when they replaced it with a `` visa for humanitarian reasons '' - which will only be issued if it is likely that the applicants life or health is directly and seriously endangered . 
  this visa is only issued in the country of origin of the applicant , if he tries to apply from another country , the embassy will generally assume he is ` safe ' . 
  however , we take pride in having them , especially when we compare us to the african and arabian states . 
  i would argue that having a convention of human rights with flaws is better than having none . 
  and while there might be some flaws , there is no ( easy ) way of fixing these problems . 
  unless we build asylum application centers somewhere in africa or near the current conflicts , sinking these vessels/guiding them back to where they came from would equal us giving up on the right of asylum . 
  and compared to the current situation , such centers might be worse for us in terms of the number of asylum requests as there are certainly more people willing to go to such a center than crossing the ocean with expensive trafficker boats . 
  you could also just auction the world cup . 
  instead of the money going into the pockets of fifa people , why not make it official ? 
  have a commitee watch out for human rights violations and simply give it to the one with the highest bid . 
  it would certainly be better than the current situation . 
  your statistic does not indicate anything . 
  first of all , it is a statistic in yen , not dollar , thus not including exchange rate differences . 
  if you have a look at japans economy in dollar , you will see that their economy has effectively been a rollercoaster over the last decades , not really progressing , but also not declining ( long-term ) . 
  depends on the people running . 
  it would certainly be nicer to have someone that has enough backing even without or against blatter . 
  also , blatter choosing someone does not necessarily mean that this person is unsuited or corrupt . 
  violating agreements for human rights should not be a way of doing politics . 
  also , i would expect the fines to rise if italy ( or whoever ) keeps ignoring the echr . 
  ignoring the problem wo n't solve anything . 
  also , we would be going against our own beliefs and values by denying all people any way of getting asylum here . 
  how much can you pay ? 
  / r/europe was n't much better . 
  this would actually be a win-win situation . 
  a worldcup without major corruption and slave workers while increasing the us interest in soccer/football . 
  i do not think prince ali is going to replace blatter . 
  he was intended to be a placeholder , not more . 
  since the candidate has a realistic chance now , we might see some other people throwing their hat ito the ring . 
  well , we are at the point where we relocate whole train stations to make more space for housing ( hamburg-altona ) . 
  building up is somewhat difficult . 
  you guys even sent elvis wohoo, 
  well , according to wikipedia ( i know , super reliable source , but this is also in accordance with other news i have read ) the uk is closing almost half of its german bases in the second half of this year and next year . 
  are you sure that they did n't just increase the funding for the remaining bases ? 
  also , the trend goes away from exclusively british/american bases towards joint bases with the german army . 
  we got this ` stupid ' thing called echr which disallows us doing so , you know ? 
  you are 100 % right . 
  the law is unfit to solve the issues . 
  there are actually few ways to solve this problem , making other city areas more attractive and improving their public transportation would be a start . 
  it totally would , yes . 
  totally depends on the city and where you want to go . 
  check again . 
  well , the last time i went to prague was in 2012 , back then the prices were pretty okay ( especially the beer lol ) . 
  also , the hotel prices were relatively reasonable ( if you are just looking for a place to spend the night ) .
