  debts piling up to the amounts we are currently at started in the 70s and 80s in most european countries . 
  unfortunately it does not help us or you nowadays to know where the debts originated , it wont help getting rid of them . 
  you should probably tell a bit more about you . 
  are you interested in culture , achitecture , history , partying , ___ ? 
  do you want to go by train , by plane , by bike or rent a car ? 
  do you want to sleep in hotels , hostels , do you want to do camping ? 
  and at what time of the year do you wan na do it ? 
  but / r/travel might be better suited . 
  we mainly discuss politics here . 
  [  ] ( https://nationalspacestudiescenter.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/accidental-launch.jpg ), 
   i stopped reading after this what a pity , you only had two more sentences to go . 
  well , prove me wrong . 
  i dont think it is legitimate to assume that all of the money was lost in a black hole without any benefit for the population . 
  since the euro introduction , the gdp per capita of the greek people more than * doubled * , even after the huge losses during the crisis , the gain is over 80 % . 
  also , you wont deny that the government was elected by the people , will you ? 
  that relation gets even worse when you compare it gdp-wise . 
  lebanons gdp is roughly 45 billion usd . 
  that is ~ ~ kind of ~ ~ sad . 
  as i already replied somewhere else in this thread , ecuador is a shitty example . 
  the debt dated back to a military regime and was in a much smaller amount than greeces debt ( 10,2 billion or something ) . 
  furthermore , just because the principle was applied to equador ( which was defaulting at that time , so what difference did it actually make ) does not justify applying this everywhere , it is no common principle of international law . 
  if greece declared its debts are ` illegal ' , nothing would happen . 
  if they actually insisted on that , stopping paying back anything , it would equalize a default , something that they are trying to prevent . 
  just contacted them . 
  edit : they are back . 
  however the response of / u/naurgul was deleted aswell . 
  people might disagree with him on some topics , but he certainly is a good member of the community . 
  furthermore , he did n't post anything that violated the rules as far as i 'm concerned . 
  that was ... surprisingly unbiased . 
  well , i was arguing with pwnzerfaust , 25k karma , not the first time posting on / r/europe . 
  it was because the debt was made by a military regime . 
  additionally , the debt amounted to 10.2 billion , which is far easier to write off than the debt your government amassed . 
  to round it up , ecuador was defaulting at that time . 
  well , it is the same here in germany . 
  still , they often go up against our government or in favor of workers . 
  being appointed by the government does not mean that you have to be following your governemnt all the time . 
  i thought the same . 
  probably because the posts were anti-people-from-africa-coming-here . 
  however , a ` just send them back ' being deleted is something new to me . 
  this is actually a point where syriza should start . 
  improving a judiciary is not connected to spending much money , it would increase greeces attractiveness for investors by a lot and , most importantly , it would have the backing of all european states and the troika . 
  sure , it is a extremely difficult task and they would have to face a lot of resistance from judges , however this is one of the roots of the problems . 
  i actually would not want to live in any northern african country right now . 
  the countries surrounding syria are n't that great options either . 
  and by the way - countries like turkey and jordan already took in millions of refugees despite being much poorer than our countries . 
  ~ ~ edit : what the heck is going on in this thread ? ~ ~, 
  reforming a judiciary system has to be one of the hardest tasks possible in a country . 
  essentially , you would have to fire all people and rehire the ones that are committed to a ` new way ' - which is not possible in most countries . 
  are all greek judges appointed by the government ? 
  is the government able to fire them ? 
  for the first part , what about the ecj then ? 
  here in germany , we have people that sue employers all the time because of discrimination by race , nationality or sexual orientation . 
  this should be open to the greek people aswell . 
  we somewhat have a similar problem with the extra hours . 
  since we introduced the minimum wages , there are some business in the low-payed job area where the employees work overtime without compensation because it ` isnt sustainable for the business ' otherwise . 
  however i imagine this is a lot worse in greece . 
  number three really sucks , but dont you have some kind of law that grants access to the judiciary and legal support for everyone ? 
  is n't that part of some kind of eu law ? 
  but human treatment/dignity is . 
  asylum is . 
  you can not assume that all the people coming per boat are illegal immigrants , some have valid asylum claims . 
  the more i read about the greek crisis , the more i am convinced that a working judiciary would actually fix a huge share of your problems . 
  tax collection , corruption , nepotism and a lot more . 
  there is a reason . 
  the reason goes under the name of echr and under fundamental rights in some eu countries . 
  however is that due to lax laws , due to the lack of laws or due to the lack of law enforcement ? 
  if they had listened to varoufakis in the beginning , greece would have defaulted and would probably not be part of the euro anymore . 
  odious debt is a legal theory . 
  it is not recognized by international law . 
  there are no major examples of this theory being applied ( yes , iraq , but this was done from the us side , not from iraq itself ) . 
  also , check my edit . 
  how can debt be illegal ? 
  the articles you linked just claim that they are without stating why they should be . 
   how do you know that ? 
  government spending is almost always , in a way , connected to direct benefits for its citizens . 
  if greece buys tanks from germany , there are ( greek ) people needed to operate these tanks . 
  if the greek government hires new state employees , greek people will get the jobs . 
  if athens decides to host an olympic , greek workers profit . 
  sure , the people profiting the most from deals of the likes of tank purchases or stadium building etc. 
  are not the average greek citizens , however in a way they still profit from it . 
  edit : i somehow overread one of your articles , reading it now . 
  edit2 : alright , i read it . 
   greek debt was at 113 % of gdp in 2009 before the onset of the greek crisis and the intervention by the imf and the european institutions involved in the memorandum reached 175 % of gdp in 2014 . 
  how could we explain that ? 
  are there irregularities in the huge increase of the debt ? 
  it might have to do with the shrinking of the greek gdp . 
  debt can not suddenly become ` illegal ' because the gdp decreased . 
  checking on whether the other member states violated their own ( !!! ), 
  laws seems to be a little bit like the last staw to me . 
  the greek commitee has no authority to check on that , whatever they will find in that case will not benefit them at all . 
  also , the ecb was a pretty positive actor in the financial crisis so far , claiming that they might have ` disrespected their mandate ' is a bit over the top . 
  if they did , you would already have people going to court against it from the northern european states . 
  furthermore - even if they came to the conclusion that the debt is ` illegal ' - the lender states actually wont give a single fu ** about it . 
  the greek government committed to that debt , if they declared it ` illegal ' and stopped paying back anything of it , it would be equal a default . 
  lenders do not care that much whether you dont pay back because the debt is ` illegal ' or because you cant pay back , all you will accomplish is destroying the last bit of trust in your country/government . 
  the article mentioned a press conference on the 7th of april , any information on that ? 
  while i agree with a lot of the things he said in the first part , the part of the interview is a bit questionable . 
  i do not entirely believe him when he states that there is no more labor protection in greece , could one fellow redditor from greece comment on that ? 
  it would be political suicide to say ` we will do whatever it takes to keep greece in the euro ' for pretty much any politician in the eu outside greece . 
  he is right in the sense that such a statement would probably have prevented large parts of the bankrun however it cant be expected from anyone in the eu to make such a guarantee for greece .
