  what is needed is more support for these countries who are ( severely ) struggling that goes beyond nice words . 
  i have literally * never * heared of that guy before . 
  after some research this guy left germany years ago because he was unhappy how jews are treated here in his opinion . 
  why the hell would it matter that he left a party in a country that he hasnt lived in for years ? 
  this guy is neither important to the party nor to the population . 
  i guess its just a really good pr move from his side . 
  ferguson is not about the 1v99 , pegida isnt either . 
  asides from that , the matters that are dealt with are entirely different . 
  ( also , pegida is pretty much dead ), 
  i did not contest that the db is the biggest holder of devirates ( it just overtook jpm though , they were still # 1 last year ) . 
  i just really dislike durden . 
  the money that is in fire in a regular scenario is just around 20-30 billion though . 
  in case of a crisis , it is more severe , agreed . 
  this however applies to us-american and british banks as well . 
  this is not a problem that is exclusive to german banks . 
  we are in special circumstances here however . 
  germany is pretty dominant in ` regular ' eu business , totally agreed , but this is due to the weakness of the french , nevertheless they do not use * naked power * , as you called it , to pursue their targets ( usually ) . 
  in this case however , a large chunk of german money is at stake . 
  germany did not use more power than greece would have used if they were in the position to do so . 
  tyler durden * urgh * this has nothing to do with the greek crisis . 
  jpmorgan has almost the same exposure by the way , yet nobody is worried about them . 
  what is this ? 
  a statistic for ants ? 
  source ? 
  `` german economy severly hit by hashtag campaign '' imagine this headline . 
   and `` increasing competitiveness '' will not work , as greece has shown greece is hardly competitive  the ecb [ ... ] is/was controlled by the bundesbank this is not true . 
  since mario draghi took over the ecb , there have been few decisions that were in accordance with the opinion of the * bundesbank * . 
  the german influence is more obvious in the treaties about the ecb which makes it an independent institution , despite the calls of many people to change that . 
   from now on , every eu member will form coalitions with other members against germany , for example poland might ally with italy to stop germany making friends with russia and setting up another economic molotov-rippentrop style pact . 
   or ireland , portugal and spain could ally with france and italy to gain control of the ecb to induce inflation to make their debts go away or to simply play on german fears of hyperinflation to gain leverage . 
  there are lots of ways other ways countries can join up to make germany uncomfortable and protect themselves . 
  this would violate the goals the ecb has . 
  the goal of the ecb is to get towards a stable inflation of 2.0 % . 
  the mentioned countries already have more influence over the ecb than germany does . 
   such is the house schauble built with his bullying . 
  he wanted to make an example of greece that everyone would pay attention to . 
  he has suceeded , but sovereign countries would rather form alliances than be dominated by a stronger power . 
  short sighted fool . 
  you can thus look forward to more emnity in the future . 
  we are living in the time of the eu , not in a time of national states where the countries plot plans against each other . 
   germany is a heavy exporter and so could be hurt badly by #boycottgermany or anemic growth in the south . 
  if this crisis breaks up the eurozone or the eu it would be correspondently be either severely damaging or fatally damaging to the german economy . 
  there have been calls to boycott germany since the crisis started . 
  it did not hurt us the slightest . 
  simple reason : in many areas , germany is world market leader . 
  if they wanted to boycott us , they would be stuck with worse products , which many customers dont want . 
  even more importantly : our export sector is machinery in large parts . 
  which is not bought by ordinary citizens but by companies , who will look for the best and most cost-efficient product instead of focussing on emotional aspects . 
   read the reader forums on the supposedly quality mags faz , welt or spiegel to see how greeks are stereotyped . 
  i dont even go there anymore . 
  reading comments under articles of this kind just hurts my brain . 
  however , this place is not really representative . 
  it is not that far from tinfoil conspiracies towards hate of foreigners . 
  true , but it still is somewhat interesting . 
  i doubt that you would find the hardcore religous muslims here on reddit . 
   europe wouldnt have bailed out banks in the beginning of the crisis . 
  especially german banks . 
  there was the preference of saving the banks that lend all the money to greece , rather than let them go bust like they disserve . 
  why especially german banks ? 
  [ greek banks were much more severely exposed ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) . 
   a lot of the projects , if not the majority , in greece , spain , italy and portugal were made by german companies , and mostly paid with those loans those countries got . 
  so germany managed to employ a lot of people and it helped their economy likely because they are a lot more competitive than their domestic counterparts . 
  despite having much higher wages . 
  you can not really ` blame ' us for this . 
   germany 's media and political propaganda wouldnt put the blame almost completely on the greek people , bending the truth to accomplish the divide and make the population rage against the greeks and push the government for hard measures unless you are talking about the yellowpress here , they dont . 
   germany actively ignoring rules whenever it feels like it 's ok , but using the `` it 's an agreement '' part whenever it suits them , like the lisbon treaty . 
  and germany was at the front on this back in 2010 because of their banks . 
  this is not a ` german ' problem . 
  it is a problem that the major european powers are able to breach the rules as nobody can * possibly * punish them due to their size . 
  look at france constantly failing to hit the 3 % target for example . 
  other countries followed the set precedent . 
   germany not even thinking about debt relief or restructuring , despite the many times they got it themselves . 
  how does this look to the general , non-german population . 
  so how many times did we a debt relief actually ? 
  i only remember 1953 which was in completely differnent circumstances and it was a much smaller sum ( a mere 10 % of gdp , which is still a lot , but a lot less than what greece would ` require ' . 
   siemens bribary scandal in greece : http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/siemens-bribery-scandal-in-greece-ex-boss-could-help-shed-light-on-corruption-a-633198.html[1] siemens ! = germany, 
  i think it is still relevant . 
  we have an influx from muslims all over the world . 
  despite not ` being old ' ( quite the contrary ) i agree a 100 % . 
  and even on the net , it is not that bad in my opinion . 
  yes , you have to ` deal ' with people demonizing us sometimes , but so what . 
  pretty much every major country is in some way ridiculed/criticized/demonized / whatever here . 
  this is pretty much what we did in berlin . 
  they even ~ ~ digged ~ ~ dug out this giant head of a lenin statue that was hidden somewhere under the earth . 
  edit : look at my next post , the head is still under the earth , they will dig it out next month . 
  yes . 
  the problem is that many of your farmers switched into producing other agricultural products because of eu subsidies . 
  the problem is that it is very hard to run a balanced trade budget when you are exporting food and importing machinery and cars . 
  i do believe that greece can produce food of superb quality , nevertheless i do not think that you can survive without some major export production . 
  it always depends on * what * you are selling . 
  there are businesses that a government should not be running as they are always huge moneysinks because they are not competitive and have no reason to become it . 
  there are other businesses that you should not be selling because it is bad for your citizens . 
  we can only judge this when we know what will be sold . 
  piraeus gives a pretty positive example so far . 
  we can pretty much only take guesses . 
  however , i do think it would be wrong to see greece as an isolated case in 2010 . 
  if a grexit happened in 2010 , the contagion risk of e.g. 
  portugal and italy was much greater , maybe promting a full european crisis that would completely destroy the euro . 
  i know this does not help you a bit , but this was also one of the intentions of the first bailout . 
  would greece be in a better state by now ?
