   has cherry-picked among greece 's network of regional airports to take over only those that make a profit any reliable source for this ? 
  i have read otherwise . 
   even with the announcement of the concession by the greek government , however , the german company indicated that it might seek better terms than those previously agreed upon . 
  this was * after * syriza stopped the privatization the former government had committed to . 
   state-owned electricity and train operations are also targeted for privatization . 
  most european countries do not own these anymore . 
  why should greece have the luxury of doing so ? 
  also , state-owned train operation is almost always extremely inefficient and uncompetitive . 
  true . 
  but what incentitive do they have to * not * comply with the deal ? 
  they know very well that this is the best they could get , if they fail to comply they will go bankrupt . 
   we should be setting these up with eu money in their own countries and also defending them where necessary . 
  which would be a straight up invasion . 
  and occupation , violating that states souvereignty . 
  also , i can hardly see someone set up such a camp in syria . 
  the other way would be tsipras kicking out the left platform and looking for a coalition partner . 
  this would be equal to admitting that he has failed and it would drastically weaken his position . 
  i am pretty confident that we will get stability from this vote . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  i wonder how the polls would look like if syriza actually split up and two parties would compete against each other . 
  the eu is not exactly corrupt . 
  why should n't greece stick to the deal after the elections ? 
  if they dont , they will simply go bankrupt . 
  if anything , tsipras called for fresh elections because he does not find a majority for the deal in his own party right now . 
  well , its the best shot you have left . 
  resigning does not mean that he is out of office immediately , it also does not mean he will not run again . 
  well , wont he be holding office until the new govt is formed despite the election ? 
  also chances are good that he gets reelected . 
  fair enough . 
  and for what reason should it fail ? 
  if greece is capable of implementing the requested stuff ( which this reelection should serve as a basis for ) , they wont run into financial trouble for about two years . 
  this is actually not the issue here ? 
  how does that have to do with the eu being a joke ? 
  well , pretty much immediately after the deal was sealed . 
  earlier would have been irresponsible . 
  yes , it influences the style . 
  i did not want to say that it has no effect on your ` style ' . 
  however , i 'd prefer a civil engineer with decent leading skills over a decent economist that fails to lead . 
  your profession alone does not qualify or disqualify you for the office of the head of the government . 
   i wonder if anyone in syriza has ever heard about political/legal stability/security and the benefits that come with it . 
  this is not the fault of tsipras . 
  if the left wing refuses to follow the party leader , there is no other way but to call for reelections . 
  the current funds should be sufficient for two years . 
  this reelection has the potential of creating stability . 
  syriza in its current formation is not capable of providing a stable majority in the parliament . 
  if syriza is able to get rid of its far-left wing , i do not see any strains for the relationship with europe - quite the contrary . 
  you own profession acutally does not matter at all . 
  all that matters is the capability to lead . 
  there is a good reason that every government employs experts for economy and stuff like this . 
   it ca n't really . 
  the greek government said the referendum will cost $ 20m , but the real cost is likely to be more like $ 120m in distributing ballot papers and paying election monitors . 
  this is an estimate , no confirmation . 
  120 million sounds way too much . 
  as a reference : the last general election in germany cost around 75 million euros . 
  and by the way - if you take it that way , germany did not have the money to pay for its own elections either as we were still going into debt . 
  if anything , our politicians will approve reelections , because it gives the opportunity of getting rid of the hardcore left fraction to tspiras ( and maybe also the coalition partner ) . 
  it will likely create more reliability . 
  do the colors have any meaning ? 
  because the coloring does not make any sense to me . 
  so what do these numbers mean ? 
  is higher better or worse ? 
  source ? 
  depends . 
  i have my doubts that you could accurately determine where all this gold originated , a lot of the gold stolen in ww2 was remelted by * degussa * . 
  and i am pretty sure that every country in europe has some kind of evidence that the germans stole gold in their country . 
  depends on what we are talking about . 
  pretty much everyone agrees that there is no basis for reparations , however the loan worth 10 billion today is highly disputed . 
   the fund was a real sticking point because the european institutions wanted to move it to luxembourg , where they could keep a better eye on it was n't that just sch\u00e4ubles proposal ? 
  i have nowhere read that a location in luxembourg was brought up by the institutions . 
   electricity company , the postal service , a transport utility which allows trains and buses to run , the country 's main telecommunications company owning these is not bad * per se * , however it is a luxury greece can not afford anymore . 
  these branches are privatized in most european countries . 
   first , because it makes no sense to sell off valuable assets in the middle of europe 's worst depression in 70 years . 
  that is why the fund is not meant to sell everything immediately but over the term of 20 + years . 
   those industries could generate revenues to help the greek government rebuild the economy . 
  well , not all of them are actually generating revenue . 
  some operate on a net loss ( like the airports sold to fraport ) , some are ` neutral ' on the budget ( like the old airport in athens ) . 
  having those gives no benefit to greece . 
  and if i am not mistaken , the old airport was meant to be privatized anyways . 
   the beneficiaries are corporations from around the world , though eyebrows are particularly being raised at the number of european companies -- from german airport operators and phone companies to french railways -- which are getting their hands on greece 's economy they will simply sell it to the one that makes the best offer , no matter where it came from . 
  fraport was not the only company bidding for the airports , however it seems that they were willing to pay/invest the most . 
  seeing a conspiracy to transfer greek public goods into german hands is just off . 
   most important is the inequality this will entrench in greek society for decades to come . 
  how is selling assets that a state has no real business owning bad for the society ? 
  ( yes , we can argue that it is fine if the state keeps a hold on water , which he actually does with the 51 % share ) . 
   just as german citizens are currently trying to take back energy companies into collective ownership in their own country we are ? 
  all i know about is water , havent read that much about energy . 
  enbw was bought by the state , but that was a really shady deal by the former mp of that country . 
   because they see this as a prerequisite for fair pricing and supporting renewable energy . 
  it actually can work independent . 
  the companies will still be needed for operating gas and coal power plants , they also own some good share of the renewables . 
   workers will be sacked and their conditions made worse , while the elite of europe profits . 
  if the business is not capable of running without a net loss under government control , there is no other way . 
   greece 's government will have lost the ability to make its society function in the interests of ordinary people . 
  this is pretty far off . 
  the societies of the other states work as well despite having privatized all these assets . 
  this has nothing to do with an us vs. them mentality . 
  greed is a harsh term . 
  take it this way - if you are already forced out of your country , you would prefer being in a country where you have better prospects as well . 
  it cant . 
  why should it get worse ?
