   much easier to enforce that law on 350k people than what must easily be over 1 million people by now . 
  at that scale it doesnt even matter anymore . 
  if you are able to deport 350,000 people , you are able to deport a million . 
  there is one thing worth mentioning : we offered the people money to get back to their countries and start a new life . 
  and i do not think this would be overly problematic in this case . 
  assuming that we have 1 million people , you could literally give everyone 5,000 euro to leave and it would cost a mere 5 billions . 
   especially since so many of them do n't have a passport or documents do they ? 
  they specified where they are from in the asylum process . 
  we do not need a passport to send them back to the mentioned country - unless that country refuses to accept them . 
  but they could even do that if they had a passport  the problem is , germany will rely on foreign workers to support a huge aging population , which they wo n't be able to simply deport and thus they 'll likely stick around rather than go back to wherever they came from by choice 1 . 
  we have ways to deport people . 
  it is n't that easy , but it is possible 2 . 
  the number of refugees amongst these foreign workers is insignificant . 
  most of them are still from other eu countries and turkey . 
   germany needs to solve this problem quickly . 
  need to encourage more germans to have more kids somehow ... or robots . 
  but that does n't stop population decline . 
  well , there is no quick fix . 
  fertility is increasing however . 
  i think he would just build a hotel on mars . 
   donald trump has a habit of surprising everyone and defying expectations thing is : pretty much everything he proposed during the election would be horrible for the country or the economy . 
  he seems to do a 180 \u00b0 turn on many issues , this might ensure that america will continue to prosper , but he will `` surprise '' his followers by this . 
   what do you mean you 're not replacing anyone ? 
  if the population of native germans is decreasing but the population overall is sustainable then clearly someone is being replaced ... for now , we are only talking about the people working . 
  the population is another issue . 
  there 's a big difference . 
   is it not a serious question ? 
  it is not a serious question as it implies that there would be a choice between germans and syrians leaving the counry at some point ( for whatever reason ) . 
    with no intention of going back ? 
  their intention does n't matter . 
  laws matter . 
  look at the number of [ refugees from bosnia-hercegovina ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/graphics/d27_2bv_d.gif ) in germany . 
  i think it is the best possible outcome for our democracy . 
  well , maybe red-red-green would be better for the democracy as it would allow the union to shift towards the right , but i do not really want this kind of coalition at the moment . 
   regardless any scandals kohl was at power too long ( 16 years ) this is up to the voter . 
   leaders should be exchanged after two 5 years periods i disagree . 
  look at the us - a majority of the us and the world would have taken obama over either trump or hillary . 
   it is absurd and very dengerous if a leader is considered irreplaceable . 
  merkel is not irreplacable , but our best and safest bet for the next four years . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  apparently , schulz might be replacing steinmeier early next year . 
   she got to top because khol considered her innocuous and she used the scandal to stab him in back . 
  and rightfully so . 
  it would have been a shame if kohl could have continued like nothing ever happened . 
   she could be endangered only by similar innocent cunning `` friend '' . 
  she does n't have a similar scandal behind her - she has been the weakest shortly after the peak of the refugee crisis . 
  now , with refugee numbers declining significantly , she will get stronger again . 
   every country on the balkan route wanted to close the balkan route but because of germany it stayed open way longer than it should have had . 
  and even at the time of closing it , germany still was n't ok with it . 
  if it were really about the `` solidarity with our european partners '' , the route would have been closed early on and then germany would have taken the refugees from surrounding countries , but they , for some reason , wanted those refugees there and i do n't believe it was beause of `` solidarity '' . 
  you should take a look at the reason why we did not want the borders to be closed . 
  look at german statements from the time . 
  we did not want the balkan route to stay open so that we could get more refugees , we wanted it to stay open for the sake of greece . 
  when the balkan route was eventually closed , greece got severe problems - until the deal with turkey was struck . 
  we also complained because macedonia did not communicate with greece before the border closure . 
   also see you in a few years when the war stops and only a small double digit % goes back to syria , or other coutry they came from . 
  we have a different experience with the balkan wars . 
   sure , but is replacing germans with immigrants a good thing ? 
  what is the alternative ? 
  if you have no domestic supply of workers , you will have to fill jobs with immigrants and invest heavily in robots . 
   what will become of the germanic peoples there if , over time , you keep replacing them ? 
  we are not replacing anyone . 
   local customs and culture that could die as a result ? 
  unlikely . 
  look at the numbers . 
   i live in the east of england , and it is not the richest place around here , if someone told me that i could have 200,000 refugees to make us the richest area of england , i would n't take it . 
  well , that is your choice . 
   they like the fact that they can be there , but if the hard times came to germany , who would be the first to leave ? 
  this is not even a serious question . 
   not such a big win for working class germans though we will see about that . 
  we are near full employment and there are a lot of jobs/apprenticeships open at the moment . 
  plus we are projected to experience a significant decline in workforce in the near future . 
   importing millions of people the people staying here from 2014,2015 and 2016 will probably be under one million . 
   who do n't care about your country/continent the first representative polling of our refugees , published today , suggests otherwise . 
  source ? 
  i have linked the wikipedia post with the election results in the comment speaking as a mod . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low effort . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  that 's just the polling change compared to the last poll a month earlier . 
  well , bring evidence that suggests otherwise if you want to contest it . 
   successors predecessors you mean ? 
   basically they 've proven to be more talk than anything substantial and their voters are going back to leftist parties or are n't going to vote for anyone . 
  quelle surprise ^ ^ / s, 
  oh god please no . 
  even if you ignore the problems his dissertation causes , he did a terrible job being mod . 
  he was popular and a somewhat good speaker , but there is little substance behind that . 
  essentially an establishment populist - big words , little/bad action . 
  any specific reason for this ? 
  did they have some fuckups or are they simply becoming `` part of the establishment , thus disappointing voters '' ? 
  real wages are increasing faster than in decades over here , despite the influx . 
  we already experience a shortage in workers in some areas , i doubt that we will see a significant negative impact on the wages . 
  please provide some information on which party is behind which abbreviation and also the election result . 
  [ edit : finnish election 2015 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_parliamentary_election,_2015 ), 
  i have argued with people much worse here on reddit . 
  the moment we do not try to argue against fundamentally flawed opinions anymore , we have already given up . 
  as we have seen in the us election - just making fun of ridiculous statements is n't enough - you actually need to counter them with cold , hard facts . 
  thanks !,
