  well , it results in the masses of refugees being ` stuck ' in the countries at the outer borders . 
  linking eurostat that way doesnt work . 
  somehow these people are just too incompetent to allow for direct links . 
  [ according to the german office for migration and refugees ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201506-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) ( document in german ) we had 160k until the end of june ( first time applications ) . 
  i wonder how that data can change . 
  as far as i know the us has not invaded any of our allied countries in the recent past ? 
  welp . 
  mini schengen it is then . 
  well , its their decision . 
  they should carefully evaluate it and make a decision , but not a half-assed one because it seems convenient at some point in time . 
  its literally anybody then . 
  [ even cuba ] ( http://us-foreign-aid.insidegov.com/q/44/1590/how-much-money-does-the-u-s-give-to-cuba ) [ or to best korea ] ( http://us-foreign-aid.insidegov.com/l/128/north-korea ) [ iran ] ( http://us-foreign-aid.insidegov.com/l/81/iran ) [ syria ] ( http://us-foreign-aid.insidegov.com/l/170/syria ) ( yes , 2012 , but the civil war has been going on since 2011 ), 
  the market is more interested in the prime rate and in qe than in the inflation rate though . 
  you 're giving aid to literally anybody that is not allied with russia or china . 
  fair enough . 
  i dont think that reasons like this warrant exceptions for countries inside the eu though . 
  i think we have a different definition of ` practical ' then . 
   when the two met in battle , which only happened once , the pershing decimated the panther . 
  first of all it is bullshit that panther and pershings only met once in battle . 
  there have been more encounters , but you are correct that there was no pershing shot down by a panther while there are several confirmed panther kills by pershings . 
  however , you are comparing a 1944 design with a 1942 design . 
  the pershing also had pretty much zero impact on the war . 
  moreover , the pershing was underpowered and relatively unreliable ( of 8 remaining pershings , 5 were in repair facilities when the war ended ) , at least the ones servicing in ww2 in europe ( which does not mean much as the first units of a new tank type of pretty much any tank type in ww2 were unreliable ) . 
  i disagree . 
  if we were just looking for ` strategic value ' we would not sanction russia . 
  because we have nothing to gain from doing so . 
  it is delusional to believe that russia would let crimea go just because we sanction them . 
  it is solely an action of punishment to demonstrate that actions like this will not remain without consequence . 
  the size of your economy actually does not matter the slightest . 
  all that matters is the significance of russia for your economy . 
  the russian share on your exports is significantly lower than in countries like for example finland . 
  i could n't find recent data , but at least for 2010 , russia fell short to germany as your main ` economic partner ' , they mainly rank this highly because of your country importing goods from russia . 
  i was talking about exactly these months . 
  we had about 171k applications in the first half of the year . 
  this is completely ignorant of the fact that introducing sanctions was less ` against russia ' than ` against annexing your neighboring countries and continuous meddling in their territory ' . 
  historical relationships must not result in ignorance or justification of injustice . 
   he said the measures were `` modern and effective tools to fight the terrorist threat '' . 
  they honestly sound like the measures that were in place for decades in the arab world . 
  sure they are effective , but ` modern ' or even ` democratic ' ? 
  i do n't know . 
   a stronger euro is generally negative for the eurozone economy because it makes exports from the region more expensive for foreign customers . 
  that is a very ... onesided view to say the least . 
  good thing that the purpose of the ecb is not to please the markets then . 
  we really have to get away from thinking that the ecb should significantly take into account what the markets want - they will always demand more cheap money and more capital flow into the market . 
  the goal for the ecb is a steady inflation rate , nothing else . 
  the color scheme for germany is wrong . 
  at least according to eurostat , we exceeded 20 applications per 100k inhabitants . 
  its also too early . 
  i can understand it if you are phasing out a plane after 30-40 years , but not 20 years after the most recent versions were delivered . 
  still cassified as a medium tank . 
  for the comparison to the t-34 it depends on the model . 
  ( by the way , the panther was capable of running 55 km/h but was limited to 46 to increase the life span of the motors . ), 
  ` journalism ', 
  it is also a persistent problem with the tornado . 
  all operating countries are running short on spare parts for that jet . 
  the most recent ones are about 20 years old . 
  its just failed maintenance policy . 
  actually panthers were pretty practical , it is considered the best medium tank of the war by most ( international ) experts , including yours . 
  it was faster than most allied tanks while being better armed and having better armour , it also was a lot more reliable than tigers . 
  it 's true for the king tiger though . 
  it 's consistent however . 
  we also pride ourselves on ww2 engineering , most of which was overly complex and usually in need of extensive maintenance to operate properly . 
  of course we can force them back . 
  it does n't matter whether they protest in front of the bundestag or in front of aunt edna 's house . 
  it doesnt matter how effective we are . 
  if these people can not get any money , they will leave to their assigned countries as living in a poorer country with monetary support is better than living on the streets in germany . 
  if they finance themselves through black market work , we will have to crack that down , including severe punishment for the people employing them . 
  dont lie . 
  you just wanted a handicap since it would have been too easy otherwise . 
  well , having it collected in one place is certainly benefitial to easy understanding , especially when you are a foreigner and not aware of potential related documents and treaties . 
  thanks for the link , learned something new today !, 
  fair enough , i was not aware of these legal provisions . 
  what makes the irish more worthy ? 
  why should n't you judge on a case-to-case basis to guarantee the most profitable outcome , to apply your own logic ? 
  yes , your cultural ties are extremely close , you share the same language and you share a border with them . 
  still , if you are consistent ... 
  not even close actually ? 
   i suspect we would copy what canada and australia do and i would support that . 
  in any case , it should be a question for our national democracy , which i want to empower . 
  you can already do that now in terms of non-eu immigrants but you dont . 
  there are very few countries meeting 1 % , the netherlands being none of them . 
   no , i do n't think they were . 
  for one thing , we do n't know if the reu immigrants will stay in the uk once they finish working . 
  we know that they mainly came to work . 
  there just is n't data on what they will do/what will happen in the future . 
  i thought i saw at least one taking it into account , but i might be mistaken . 
  anyways , the result will be highly speculative for the reasons you mentioned . 
   the uk currently gets 300,000 immigrants a year the 2015 number is closer to 400k . 
  eu net migration is outdone by non-eu net migration which wouldnt change if you were n't a part of the eu anymore . 
  i think it is illusory to believe that these numbers would decrease significantly in case of a brexit ( unless you were to run a fully isolationalist no-immigration policy ) . 
   the uk has very different demographics from germany , which has a much lower birthrate . 
  this actually is insignificant as there is a limit how much immigration a society can take within a certain period of time , no matter the birth rate . 
   the point is that there are extremists who are eu citizens in other eu countries who should not have the right to live in the uk . 
  the uk can manage this better outside the eu . 
  quite frankly , i think that this is wasted effort . 
  if these people want to perpetrate a terrorist attack , they will do so , no matter the immigration policy the uk is pursuing . 
  the 2005 terrorists were uk citizens . 
  plus , they could aswell do it on a visitor visa . 
  the uk wont suddenly create immense hurdles to visitor visas for continentals . 
   actually , it is only beneficial if spain is only allowing them in because it is forced to because of free movement .
