   these same eu elites claim that instead of just reversing the mistake we eurozone should double down on it . 
  create a political union spanning a continent , with divergent cultures and languages . 
  that may well fix the problem or it may be even more of a disaster . 
  this is a pretty shitty argument . 
  fearing any risk and always following the ` safest ' path ( i even doubt that it would be the safest currently ) wont lead you anywhere . 
   what 's clear is that the safest option would be to just go back to national currencies that worked well for hundreds of years . 
  rather than follow idiots or psychopaths down a rabbit hole . 
  you know , a lot of these ` psychopaths ' have put a lot more thought into this than you did , with a lot better education on the issue than you have . 
  every country that wishes to do so is free to leave the euro - yet nobody chooses to do so . 
  ever thought about it ? 
  as varoufakis said : `` joining the euro was a bad decision , leaving it right now would be much worse '' . 
  and , if you have n't noticed : countries are still voluntarily joining the euro because they believe that it will do good for them . 
   but poland is your concern , at least it should be . 
  germany makes a deal with country outside eu that potentially hinders other eu states . 
  it never did though . 
  so far , this is nothing but an abstract fear of the eastern eu countries . 
   http://www.pap.pl/en/news-/news,447328,hamburg-court-rejects-polish-complaint-against-nord-stream.html well , this is a concern that could be adressed . 
   yes it does . 
  the whole point of eu energy security is to diversify energy suppliers . 
  meaning to reduce eu dependency on russian gas . 
  current pipe operates at 50 % capacity . 
  building another one will decrease or increase european gas dependency from russia in the future ? 
  it wo n't , but russia is the most stable and cheap option in current times . 
  this is also a proxy argument . 
  diversification is an eu issue and nothing that the nation states should force upon their neighbor . 
  because if we are realistic : poland would not give a damn about energy diversification if that pipeline went through poland . 
   to me , it seems like the ukraine , one way or another , has subjected itself to russian aggression in the hope that the eu wants it to be a part of it one day , and is ready to provide it with help . 
  i would actually blame the eu . 
  they forced ukraine to decide between the eu and russia where both would have been possible . 
   but i do feel sorry for them and would like to help them out . 
  i do n't like to see countries and people bullied . 
  yes , but in other ways than just transiting gas through their country . 
   yes , but after bulgaria negotiated nabuco and put forward some claims the russians found unacceptable , i think romania remained the only viable alternative . 
  fair enough . 
   a common disadvantage for the leader . 
  it is offset by other advantages  well , plus we are getting used to it . 
  i think in the last years , i have grown to be able to understand how america feels , even if just a little bit . 
   anyway , i do n't think it should be illegal for ns2 to be built , but i do think there should be a vote about it ( full disclosure , it appears i am a federalist ) . 
  just like we had a vote for mandatory quotas . 
  we lost the vote , so we will comply with the eu decision . 
  does that sound fair ? 
  depends . 
  what kind of decision ? 
  majority vote or does one vote kill the project ? 
  it is not a loophole , it was never meant to be this way . 
   i do n't think so . 
  its right there . 
  i explicitly mentioned that i meant ukraine . 
   you ca n't rationally exclude option 2 . 
  at least i 'd like you to try . 
  of course . 
  but lets take it this way : if we are already building a new pipeline , why would we build it through countries that are eager to cash in transportation fees ? 
  poland itself has no interest in this pipeline . 
  what about option 2a : pipeline through poland and lithuania , but no fees ? 
  if not being cut off is all they care about , this should be their deal . 
  the common market has its limits . 
  this is certainly not covered . 
   i think it is solidarity . 
  at least that is my reasoning , and of the people i talked to over here . 
  i actually do not know whether i like this or not . 
   i think romania killed that one , by not allowing it to pass over its territory ? 
  well , at least one of the lines did n't pass romania , there is a bit more to that . 
  ( see my linked map ) . 
  but no matter who killed it , of course its us who are blamed . 
   what has germany done to us to be vengeful about ? 
  in this terms i was talking more about hungary . 
  if you spent the time completing that point , you would have noticed that i was talking * exclusively * about ukraine as a problem area . 
  actually it is . 
  there is no such thing as a eu joint foreign policy yet . 
  this is not a decision that the eu can make at the mement . 
   there is this thing called eu common market . 
  nordstream2 is violating those common market principles . 
  such strategical networks should be decided at an eu level ( and nato level ) , not at a country level . 
  then bring it to court . 
  german lawmakers ( and french , british and dutch ) are confident that it is in accordance . 
   the gas is actually komi or nenets or mansi or turkmenistan gas . 
  russia ( proper ) is merely a transit country . 
  it is gas that is sold by gazprom which is all that matters . 
  i agree with you . 
  but this does n't change me being surprised that he did not ally with ee on this issue . 
  sorry , take [ this one ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/matteo-renzi-pipeline-politics-energy-south-stream-germany-russia-dependency/ ) . 
   how does italy fit in there ? 
  italy has reportedly been [ very critical of ns2 ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cebd679c-a281-11e5-8d70-42b68cfae6e4.html#axzz436ti434i ) given the background that we are sanctioning russia in other areas . 
   the pipeline will allow russia to cut off belarus and ukraine , and potentially poland . 
  quite frankly , belarus is none of our concerns , ukraine is n't either . 
  belarus is n't even having good relations with europe , ukraine is attempting to turn towards europe , but they are no ally . 
  we hope that they can be an ally in the future however . 
   because it wo n't be buried in the sea bed , nord stream 2 will reduce the depth of the waterway . 
  which will prevent large ships entering poland . 
  already happend with nord stream btw . 
  cant comment on that . 
  source ? 
   and finally it harms eu energy security . 
  increasing reliance on one supplier . 
  it does n't . 
  it does not matter whether we use russian gas that came through the north sea or russian gas that came through poland or ukraine . 
   i did n't say that . 
  a group of countries ( or any individual country ) can raise issues to ec - that 's well within the eu framework . 
  true . 
  nevertheless i think this does n't give their demands more legitimacy .
