   send them back to greece not possible at the moment . 
  illegal through rulings of the ecthr and german courts . 
   do n't even accept anyone who crosses the german border and then what ? 
  you will have illegals in the country . 
  i dispute the fact that refugees lead to major increases in crime , but if you implement that kind of policy , you * will * see crime rising . 
  there are other ways to limit the arrivals however . 
  you do not leed to go for the legal stuff . 
  preventing the flows where they start is indefinitely more impactful . 
  possible , i do not have the total numbers in my head right now . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   no , the reason is for the most part the one i mentioned before . 
  at least that what i was taught in my macroeconomics courses in the nl . 
  what lead to the breaking of the bank of england was overvaluing the pound . 
  possible that it would have collapsed anyways , but soros could only take on them due to this mistake . 
   we were literally sending trains to hungary and greece to pick these men up this still does n't equate `` importing '' . 
  these people would have walked here otherwise . 
  the reasoning behind that action was relieving pressure from hungary and austria , not getting as many refugees as possible . 
   there are no border controlls though why would anyone leave germany ? 
   there were terrorist arriving in germany after merkel 's invitation there was no invitation . 
  and security experts have always said that the terror organizations do not rely on open borders to get terrorists into our countries . 
   who later comitted terror attacks in france . 
  they could have went straight into france . 
  they took the long route and registered multiple times to send a message . 
   only if the get in orderly and in reasonable numbers . 
  there has been a disease outbreak in berlin due to the refugees . 
  maybe i 'll post a link later source ? 
   they concern all of europe . 
  if they are in germany , they only concern us . 
  it does 2 . 
  it also has a clause that another member state can take over the responsibility 3 . 
  judgements by eu and domestic courts have made it illegal to send people back to greece , thus essentially killing that fundamentally important feature of dublin . 
  we are not `` importing '' people 2 . 
  these people will stay in germany for now 3 . 
  these people will be vaccinated 4 . 
  the safety concerns are ours , not yours, 
  our own laws only concern our own population and people who want to live here . 
  nothing about geopolitics here . 
  countries like yours forcing us to change our laws or constitution would be a serious infringement of state souvereignty . 
  that 's a bit too simple . 
  i do not deny that germanys prospering during the crisis was in part caused by an undervalued currency . 
  but you can not simply ignore strucutral reforms , high competitiveness and all these things . 
  the uk is a very competitive country , i do not think the same would have happened to them . 
  the only reason why their ems membership failed is that they valued their own currency too high for policial reasons despite us ( germany ) warning them that it was n't worth that much . 
  and no , the french and italian economies would have been fine if you had reformed on time . 
  yeah that comparison makes no sense whatsoever . 
  immigration and similar issues are still national policy areas . 
  we can not discriminate eu citizens , but apart from that we are free to do whatever we want , whatever is in accordance with our laws and constitution . 
  it is not like we are planning to invade poland . 
  i do n't think there is a bit of insanitiy attached here . 
   we ca n't force the rest of europe ... 
  the only way we are forcing anyone here is through ourselves accepting refugees . 
  there is no other impact here . 
  hence talking about the domestic laws is the logical consequence . 
  so in fact you just made this up . 
  the fact that the camps did not recieve proper funding is not caused by a stop of funding by germany , it was not caused by austerity . 
  merkel had no hand in stopping a funding like you claimed . 
  the reason why the camps were underfunded was that western countries underestimated the needs and the non-western countries did not give a fuck . 
  i do not know if it is possible to be more wrong on this issue than your previous comments . 
   but the cdu/csu were against helping refugees even during other refugee crisises : http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2013-10/fluechtlinge-union-spd-gruene that very article talks about the cdu/csu being in favor of improving the conditions in the region . 
  i do not know what you are on about here . 
  alright . 
   what ? 
  dublin says refugees must be sent back to the first country where they entered the eu . 
  dublin also says that states have the right to accept refugees despite that rule . 
  what matters more however is this : the ecthr has declared it illegal to send people back to greece under dublin due to inhumane conditions for refugees in that country . 
  the decision was mirrored by judgements of german courts . 
   the german basic law states in art 16a that those that are ` politically persecuted ' have a right for asylum , and since we 're talking about other european countries here , not germany , it would n't apply to them , just as our domestic laws . 
  we are very firmly talking about germany here . 
  read the title of this article again . 
  first of all , the number of people that are actually being granted asylum under 16agg is very low , but there are people recieving that kind of protection . 
  the protection under `` refugee status '' is based on domestic laws in conjunction with eu law . 
  germany can only change its own laws . 
  otherwise , your logic is faulty when you blame germany for the misery of the other countries . 
  brexit was in the margin of error . 
  the national polls for the us were accurate - hillary won the popular vote . 
  what was wrong were some state polls . 
  source ? 
  again , source ? 
  this is n't an `` uncompromising attitude '' - it is simply the correct assessment of the legal situation in germany . 
  there is no middle ground that could be found in this regard . 
  it is not like merkel is idle when it comes to reducing the flows , but a legal limit can not happen . 
  the eu can do shit about the legal situation in germany . 
  they can not prevent us from doing what we are doing . 
   because the un had camps in the region , and europe stopped funding them in 2014 due to the austerity measures , which then lead to the refugee crisis . 
  the reason is n't austerity , the reason are countries unwilling to give money for whatever reasons . 
  source ? 
  in the last pledging conference for syria and syrian refugees , germany , the uk and norway pledged over 50 % of the total sum pledged . 
  germany taking the biggest part , by the way . 
  this does not change anything in regard to what i just said . 
  and how is that going to work ? 
  what are you going to do with people that arrive here as a `` surplus '' ? 
  maybe start with the factual reality of the combination of dublin and our constitution ? 
  look at our domestic laws , look at the echr . 
  the geneva convention is n't the only treaty or legal document that applies here . 
  well , for net debt that 's accurate , for total debt it is n't . 
  we are talking about the 2007-2011 period . 
  and the 2011 net debt is higher than the 2007 debt . 
  i also do not know whether the loans to greece are considered `` assets '' here .
