   it fundamentally is n't . 
  legally speaking , it is . 
  do n't you think it is a bit of a stretch to call that `` enforced '' ? 
  people who attempt this should be prosecuted , but it is the exception , not the regular case . 
  pretty much the same as concerning the `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' . 
  it 's pretty easy to ignore the essence of what i wrote . 
   the point here is regarding the argument you made , that changing laws protects people by itself . 
  that is what was assumed , since you never elucidated how exactly the polygamy acceptance might protect anyone . 
  i outlined it in a comment in this thread : if a man is married to two wifes and he dies - if you strictly followed german law , you would likely come to the conclusion that polygamy is prohibited and that only the `` first '' wife will get money . 
  this however puts the `` second '' wife at a legal disadvantage and that is n't in anyones interest ( apart from the first wife maybe ) . 
   what legal obligation does germany have to follow this ? 
  serious question , is there an undertaking that in all but the most egregious cases you have to defer jurisdiction over people in your nation to their host nations courts ? 
  you misunderstood me . 
  we are not deferring the juristiction to the courts of the host nation . 
  it is * our * courts that judge the case - based on a different jurisdiction . 
  sounds complicated , but thats the reality . 
  about obligation : allowing people to choose another jurisdiction is actually part of [ eu regulation 1259/2010 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:32010r1259&amp;from=de ) - at least concerning divorce . 
   for example , suppose 0.0001 % of the german population are murderers . 
  now suppose that 0.001 % of the east asian immigrants are murderers ( to which group i belong ) . 
  then there exists are problem with murderers that is specifically related to the east asian immigrants that needs to be addressed and it does not matter that the vast majority are living peacefully . 
  i think this comparison lacks . 
  simply because it does not affect people outside the family , unlike murder . 
   for example , suppose 0.0001 % of the german population are murderers . 
  now suppose that 0.001 % of the east asian immigrants are murderers ( to which group i belong ) . 
  then there exists are problem with murderers that is specifically related to the east asian immigrants that needs to be addressed and it does not matter that the vast majority are living peacefully . 
  this however does not mean that east asian immigrants are incompatible with our society . 
  of course problems need to be adressed and i advocated for nothing else . 
  simply declaring the whole group `` uncompatible '' wo n't get you anwhere though . 
   a nation recognizes marriages involving 10 year olds . 
  suppose you recognize this . 
  we do n't . 
  there are limits to what is recognized . 
  nonsense . 
  marriage is mainly a simple contract between two people . 
  it is also possible to get a judgement on a simple trade based on foreign laws . 
  mind to elaborate what happened ? 
   because everybody should be equal in front of the criminal law , regardless of heritage . 
  this is not a criminal issue . 
  entering polygamous relationships is prohibited in our criminal code , already being in one is n't . 
   i do n't think you deserve compensation if the reason is based on something that is 100 % illegal here . 
  but with what reasoning ? 
  effecitvely you are weakening the protection of people without any gain for anybody . 
  unfortunately not . 
  i 'll quote the eu :  emma , a belgian national , married carine , a french national , in belgium . 
  when emma had to move to germany for work , carine followed her - but they were not regarded as married by the authorities , since same-sex marriage is not recognised in germany . 
   however , because registered partnerships between same-sex couples are allowed in germany , emma and carine can be granted the same rights as couples with registered partnerships under german law . 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/family/couple/marriage/index_en.htm ), 
   problem is that islam laws are religion laws like bible , not state laws . 
  that 's why i said that the person `` believes '' that . 
  not that the person obeys us laws in germany . 
   they are not in islamic countries ... completely unrelated ? 
   and they often not only live by these laws , there were cases were these laws were enforced by themselves ( especially in their ghetto 's ) , and even enforced over other non-islamic citizens . 
  it is not something that is happening on a greater scale . 
  we have to fight the attempts to establish a second parallel judiciary system . 
  source for the latter ? 
  yes . 
   structural deficiencies are characterized by deteriorated conditions of significant bridge elements and potentially reduced load-carrying capacity , but do not necessarily imply safety concerns . 
  functional obsolescence is characterized by bridges not meeting current design standards , such as lane width or number of lanes , relative to the traffic volume carried by the bridge . 
  which essentially implies that the bridges are no longer fully suited for the role they are meant to fulfill . 
   i 'd argue that everybody in germany should abide the german law , even if it is in stark contrast to what one is used to in one 's home country . 
  for what reason exactly ? 
  who benefits from this ? 
  as i already said , the application of foreign laws is pretty limited to marriage-related things and it is exclusively done because it benefits the people in question . 
  it is meant to protect people . 
  other people are not affected by this . 
   so what ? 
  even if our social safety nets are not as good as i think they could be , they still exist nonetheless . 
  so if you can not support yourself , the state will support you . 
  sorry , but this really helps nobody ( apart from the first wife maybe ) . 
  i would say it is a realistic view . 
  everybody agrees that crumbling bridges are non-acceptable yet nobody really wants to up the funding ( its especially problematic in the us ) . 
  if we realize that things could be significantly better and that they * should * be better , we can not really pride ourself in some ranking that says we are # 1 . 
  simply because we know better . 
   how are islamic laws not related to polygamous marriages which are allowed by that same law ? 
  they are not related in the sense that it is not mandated . 
  if someone comes from the us and thinks that he should have the right to bear arms in germany , he is free to believe that - this wo n't change the legal situation in germany . 
  if someone believes that there should be polygamous marriage , he is free to believe that . 
  this does n't make it legal . 
  yet nobody would claim that people from the us are `` incompatible with our society '' because they believe in different things . 
  you are free to believe whatever you want as long as you stick to the laws here . 
  if that is the case - there is no problem . 
   i do bloody hope so , but we ca n't see it we can actually . 
  otherwise we would have significantly higher numbers of abuse . 
   more reason to have it either updated or thrown away you could also draw the conclusion that not everyone is following their religion word by word . 
  i am not . 
  the initial claim was that the us infrastructure is crumbling . 
  it was / u/rds2596 who tried to contest that by posting the infrastructure ranking . 
  i do not need to know a better place to tell you that 20 % bridges in terrible condition is a worrying number . 
  nobody is really doing good , it is just that some are doing less terrible than others . 
  especially when it comes to simple numbers . 
  this is not a case of `` how it feels '' , open to subjetivism . 
  this his completely unrelated to polygamous marriages . 
  you are only switching the topic because your argument has been debunked . 
  the vast majority of muslims here does not live by these rules 3 . 
  the bible has similar parts, 
   they have their own laws that are against laws of many if not all democratic countries . 
  this does not even make sense . 
  in case you missed it : the muslims in germany are not allowed to enter polygamous marriages and they do n't do it either . 
  it is not a problem for the people living here . 
  islam does not say `` you have to have four wifes '' .
