   during the extension , greece will refrain from `` unilateral action that would undermine the fiscal targets , economic recovery and financial stability , '' varoufakis wrote . 
  i quoted this somewhere else , you can easily find it through googling these statements . 
   `` major impact of budget '' you mention , yet the `` humanitarian crisis bill '' that syriza passed created a havoc ( got warned it will be perceived as unilateral action - confirms the varoufakis quote ) and it would have a maximum - true - $ 500 million impact over the year . 
  500 million * is * a major impact , given greeces financial situation . 
  i dont really wan na argue if limiting this kind action is actually the right thing . 
   the parliament indeed is responsible for lawmaking but most major bills come from the government party and a major law is n't just `` we voted it , good job '' , but a more complicated process until it 's on effect . 
  i never claimed something else . 
  however , the people negotiating are tsipras , the finmin and some assistance . 
  there are a lot of syriza mps that do * not * negotiate with the institutions . 
  these people can work out possible ways to tackle corruption , they can work out possbile legislation . 
  just working on it wont bother anyone - quite the opposite . 
  if syriza was able to bring final proposals of legislation into the negotiations with the institutions , they would surely be pretty happy . 
   it was mentioned above `` close loopholes of tax system '' - and there 's the problem . 
  due to additional over additional legislation the greek tax system is complicated as fuck which allows the loopholes . 
  it needs to be completely rewritten . 
  then go ahead and work on a new system . 
  waiting for brussels wont get you anywhere . 
  they however were fully aware of this issue when they joined the euro . 
  blaming the system afterwards is not really fitting . 
  i agree with you that a political integration would be needed to make this system work , however this is unfortunately not really possible currently . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://interactive.guim.co.uk/uploader/embed/2015/07/grexit_map-zip/giv-21277lgvnnlhbvhuv/ ), 
  this ` break ' on legislation until an agreement was an offer from the greek side , actually . 
  it was made to create a basis of trust for further taks . 
  this was for the `` extension '' ( the 7.2 billion program ) from february . 
  it was limited to legislation that has major impact on the areas of budget and the other areas that are under negotiation like privatizations . 
  fighting corruption or streamlining the authorities is still very much possible . 
  also , arguing that negotiations fill all your time is just wrong . 
  the lawmaking progress in greece is not just tsipras and the finance minister . 
  this is equal to saying : if they still had the drachma . 
  euro * plus * control by the domestic national bank cant happen . 
  yes , as my last sentence indicated . 
  sorry for not making this more clear in my first post . 
   argentine did cut their unemployment in half since their default ( now at about 7 percent ) . 
  might be true , still they lack full access to the financial markets and they are pretty much still in default . 
   i think greece should break with western banks for better dealing with their 25 % unemployment where should the money come from ? 
  you can not run a trade deficite without backing of foreign banks . 
  just find an article about the recent greek proposal that talks about the payments in the near future . 
  i dont have one at hand currently , unfortunately . 
  it seems that they want the imf to continue its participation , however the short-term payments to the imf might be restructured as debt to the esm . 
  you are completely leaving out important factors . 
  argentinia might have a much larger population , nevertheless all that matters is your gdp and some other factors . 
  russia simply does not have the trust of investors . 
  even currently , they are sitting merely above 10 % debt , yet they have difficulties to find people buying their bonds . 
   people can argue about the current low interest rates on the greek debt as much as they want , but the overall debt burden is still far too high i 'd argue that the debt burden of an independent greece where the interest rates are not artificially low through the esm and similar mechanisms would exceed the current expenses even if the debt was cut in half . 
  well , you can determine safety by factors that actually affect the tourists like pickpockets , corruption , murder and all kinds of this stuff . 
  and then there is an abstract terrorism danger rating ... 
  the imf might require an unanimous decision to continue its funding . 
  which would make finland , slovakia & co. a lot more relevant in this vote . 
   germany is n't known for its tolerance though . 
  we are a lot more tolerant than some neighboring countries though . 
  well , according to the ( crazy ) polish mep there * is * a single world for the solution of this crisis , which many people know well : anschluss !, 
  there is no single word for it unfortunately . 
  this however would not be a referendum . 
  it has been proven that governments are willingly overruling decisions of that kind if they are not binding to them . 
  it would merely be a sign of caring or populism . 
  how so ? 
  the bundespr\u00e4sident is not * that * expensive and he doesnt harm us . 
  in fact , the office of the president has been proven to be benefitial for our foreign relationships ( for the current one especially considering the ww2-era ) . 
  furthermore , he is the institution that prevents the bundestag dissolving because of opportunism and he also is some kind of a control instance for ` difficult ' lawmaking . 
  i did not play tha card at all . 
  i merely outlined political reality , arguing why merkel can not ` solve ' this on her own . 
  the government in finland will take its own sustainability for more important than ms. merkel . 
  uniting the two leading positions of the weimar republic into one position was [ part of a referendum in 1934 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_referendum,_1934 ) . 
  yes , it was de facto only agreeing to something that already happened , but it still improved legitimacy . 
  there have also been some other questionable referendums at that time . 
  i did not mean hitler getting into power in general . 
  this is true about every major european country unfortunately . 
  these times are over fortunately and i can not see history repeating itself in current times . 
  you probably could do the same thing here . 
  however what would it help ? 
  i do not trust the average citizen to decide what will be better for germany in financial matters . 
  there is a reason that budget stuff is excluded from the referendums on our state level . 
  unlikely . 
  spain is big enough to make this almost impossible . 
  i meant it more the way of politicians having a much harder time why finland can say no and they say yes . 
  that is the point of representative democracy ? 
  i am actually pretty happy that the everyday people here do not get to make the decisions . 
  because that would prompt a lot of shit . 
  i dont say that this is the valid reason for now . 
  i just outlined * why * we dont have that mechanism in the first place . 
  nevertheles i still think that we are better off without it . 
  think whatever you like . 
  we have referendums on the state-level . 
  however not on the federal level . 
  there are proposals for implementing something like this into our constitution , which would be legally possible , but there is no majority for that . 
  this lack of a possibility for a referendum is caused by our experiences of the third reich . 
  hitler becoming the `` f\u00fchrer '' was the result of a referendum ( well , somewhat ) . 
  our federal states also allow referendums , just nationwide , it is not possible . 
  they would need to change the constitution for this . 
   few seem to realize how a grexit would affect germany in the long run . 
  truth to be told , nobody knows that . 
  not even the finmins or the imf . 
  it all depends on the circumstances . 
  we are a representative democracy and not a direct one . 
  nation-wide referendums are not a requirement to be a democracy . 
  this pretty much means that all the ` sceptic ' countries that might want to force a grexit will not be able to stop this unless germany votes against it . 
  how about the financial risk of the esm ? 
  is it actually possible to ` force ' expenses/risk onto the 15 % even if they disagree ? 
  i cant tell whether you are serious .
