  the us bases in germany for example , something that is often prominently quoted as `` us paying for germanys defense '' do not even have heavy equipment any more . 
  they are still here as a hub for transport , for monitoring the communication in the middle east and as a connection point for the us drones . 
  and nato coordination of course . 
  in 2011 after it was already massively scaled back ( from what used to be 15 or 18 months to 6 months while maintaining a lower number of conscripts ) . 
   or got a 4-8 year setback . 
  given that up to four supreme court justice seats are up for grabs ( scalia , ginsburg , kennedy , breyer ) , this might become a setback for several decades i am afraid . 
  the main point of concern is still the air force - and we do not use conscripts for that . 
  the new tanks wo n't start arriving for another decade . 
  the navy might need more men . 
  but yeah , we will see . 
  providing proper funding for proper equipment with an army of 200,000 people will do much more than reintroducing conscription . 
  if we start with conscription again in 2018 , trumps reign would likely be over before this would have any effect on our defense capabilities . 
  no , i am saying that we will not reintroduce conscription . 
  no matter what . 
  they deal is finished but not yet completed . 
  they did not buy it yet . 
  the deal will be finished in 2017 . 
  the number is 1,000 , not 10,000 . 
  this is spam . 
  well , they surely exceeded whatever smithson could ever imagine . 
  the smithsonian is great !, 
  i still think you can not really complain about the ecb in this regard . 
  what caused the problems was an underlying system that lacks important parts that the us system has . 
  the participating countries are also more diverse than the united states are . 
   or a very important historic relic of our time . 
  i have always been convinced that one of these hats will make it into the smithsonian , no matter the outcome . 
  you can not really compare the two . 
  thanks , i am aware of this . 
  does n't change anything . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noise_barrier  which is what the original poster was saying  i was replying to your claim that it is `` an excuse for segregation '', 
  that ... sounds kind of ridiculous ? 
  surely there has to be the possibility of importing energy from neighboring countries ? 
  you do realize that they are mainly worried about the noise caused by refugees * outside * the building ? 
   maybe its my own ignorance but i cant imagine that wall blocking sounds by much it has proven to be a good concept on highways . 
   it does seem like an excuse to segregate the refugees you can not really segregate by building a wall that you can simply walk around without any problems . 
   as for noise , there are going to be 160 minors in there . 
  now some of them might be bearded minors ( 20-30 somethings posing as teenager ) but if most of them are teenagers the fear of nuisance is n't far fetched . 
  oh come on . 
  there is no evidence of this happening on even a small scale . 
  no shit . 
  and how exactly is this relevant ? 
  it is not meant to be some kind of wall to imprison the refugees . 
  it is n't meant as a physical barrier that hinders refugees from reaching the `` regular '' peoples homes . 
  while i see where you are coming from , i still think you are wrong . 
  let me explain why : i was talking about the impact of the * laws * on this . 
  and the laws are n't enforced by random people who feel offended but by judges . 
  and the results so far speak in favor of the system . 
  what you are talking about is the judgement by the society . 
  which is nothing that the politicians can change . 
  they can try to shape it for the good , but they have no real tool to enforce it . 
  i disagree that entirely free speech without any boundaries would have any major effect on this . 
  the crazies are already saying enough stupid shit to identify them . 
  many do n't even fear for being prosecuted here . 
  so no , i would argue that a more balanced and nuanced discourse in the society would be desirable - this would have a much bigger impact than changes on our free speech laws . 
  some people are stuck in a mindset of [ this kind ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sjqcliq.jpg ) - or the other way around . 
  you also ignore that valuing human dignity above all else ( including free speech ) is pretty much * the * core of our constitution and i do not think we should change that . 
  there are some special cases . 
  the edeka on the reeperbahn is another example . 
  but bad for the eu . 
  she does n't . 
  the states will fight until their last breath for keeping the competence on education . 
  she also had a quite good understanding of doing her job , unlike maas . 
  a weak , inexperienced german leader would be horrible for the eu since this will the period of brexit negotiations . 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
  the radicalization is not a logical consequence , e.g. 
  the head of the attackers has a family that went a fundamentally different path . 
  and yes , they were able to use the refugee paths to returns , but there are good indicators that they only did that to make a point . 
  criminal intelligence agencies have said that they do not rely on these streams , they could simply enter the country through legal ways - the terror organizations are wealthy , they can easily organize fake passports and transport . 
  it is also not said what will happen in germany . 
  we are trying not to repeat some of the mistakes france made . 
  when the poll numbers are decreasing for three months , in * all * polls , it is a trend , even if the decline is slow . 
  fun fact : there are n't even refugees there yet . 
  the building is not finished . 
  it seems i am simply blind . 
  i apologize . 
  for the inhabitants of the suburb who complained about noise problems . 
  it essentially works like the anti-noise walls you find near highways . 
  this number is inaccurate and you should know that . 
  and by the way : if the attacks in france have proved anything , it is that you do not need no refugees for acts of terror . 
  completely useless in day to day trade though . 
  psc might be common on the internet , they wo n't get any relevance in real trade . 
  not a camp , a building housing refugees . 
  well , classic case of prior submissions not being visible yet , 
  that 's a risk , but we will see . 
  i am simply talking about a trend . 
  and the trend is undeniably there . 
  the afd already went from popularity to irrelevance once , it very well could happen again . 
  i am actually quite consent with our way of dealing with this . 
  the only desire i have would be longer opening hours . 
  i am currently living in bavaria , which is probably the strictest federal state when it comes to opening hours . 
  every store here is mandated by law to close by 8pm which can make it a real hassle to combine work with grocery shopping . 
  i 'm not calling for 24-7 but at least 9 or 10 pm would be nice . 
  `` impossible '' is a bit of an `` all-or-nothing '' kind of word . 
  why are you asking ? 
  meh , the fdp went for a stance that is critical while not drifting off into the far right territory . 
  it 's just that the afd was seen as the only party against accepting refugees due to their omnipresence in the media . 
  i agree that most people are n't anti-immigration , which is why i am still confident that the afd will drop in numbers over time . 
  there is also this : any act of agression would be an act of war , without approval of the unsc . 
  which would make any impact of further un laws in this area ( not talking human rights etc. ), 
  on the states defending themselves or their ally kind of ridiculous .
