  i do n't think those people are intrinsically evil . 
  i do not believe in that either . 
  many of the people that served in world war two were loving family fathers , brothers and what else who turned into monsters and slaughtered the populations of whole villages ( or even more severe if we are talking about the concentration camps ) . 
  there is no reasonable explanation for it . 
  nevertheless i believe that it should be prosecuted . 
  can you imagine the international outcry if the court decided he was guilty but issued no sentence ? 
  this would be equal to saying : we recognize that we did wrong , punishment for it wont happen nevertheless . 
  there is a difference between getting no sentence and getting a sentence but not having to serve it because of your age and/or health condition . 
  yes , the danger of relapse is low ( or actually non-existent ) , not only because of his age but because he lived a law-abiding life ever since . 
  he even served as a lay judge for over a decade . 
  while our system works with rehabilitation and change of mind amongst the key factors of prosecuting people , there is still the ` punishment ' part in it , however . 
  he entered the ss voluntarily , the service in a concentration camp was not his wish though . 
  nevertheless , it was pretty much obvious that this ` work ' violated principles that are higher than a ` current ' law at that time . 
  this is what i suspected . 
  it still depends on the procuratorate to decide whether he is ` fit for prison ' . 
  one way or the other , there is no way that he will spend the full four years in prison . 
  and i am not talking about dying here . 
  maybe house arrest will be possible for him . 
  nevertheless i think that there was no other sentence possible given that it is likely the only process where we can ` prove ' that we actually recognize the injustice done , in the special case where the defendant was actually willing to admit the wrongs he did ( plus he did not die during the process ) . 
  one of the points it that both should be called ` marriage ' though . 
  five years actually . 
  unless you calculate with the duration of the new bailout . 
   zorkin argued the ruling was in line with the practice of top courts of european union members such as germany , italy , austria and britain . 
  for germany this is correct . 
  according to our constitutional court , echr decisions are on the level of federal laws , not constitutional law . 
  they need to be ` considered ' by the normal courts when they find their ruling , however they can decide against the echr with sufficient justification . 
  this rarely , if ever , happens though . 
  the thing is : there is no law about this . 
  there is no clause that says : `` you must not leave the euro zone '' , there is nothing written about a euro exit at all in he treaties . 
  unlike greece , a euro exit would not cause the other countries to lose a lot of money , also it would not destroy mutual relationships to the same extend . 
  i think it would be pretty much possible to stay in the eu , nevertheless i would hope for them to stay in the euro . 
  this however wont be the standard case . 
  it is not like their debt is increasing by 23 billion every month . 
  how can they blame the troika for that ? 
  from what i have read this project was supposed to start building in 2008 , long before the financial crisis arrived in greece . 
  a syriza mp blaming the troika is not exactly evidence . 
  it also depends on the economic prospects of such a project . 
  700 million less in sale price can ` easily ' be made up if a project like this starts to generate revenue years earlier in return . 
  also , no matter if it is 50,000 jobs or less , jobs is something that greece needs desperately . 
  not in 10 years but now . 
  honestly , i would prefer an oligarch building this over nobody building anything at all . 
  you have no benefit at all if there is a giant empty slot amids your capital . 
  * maybe * selling it to someone else in the future does not provide you with any money . 
  i can not comment on that since i have no knowledge of finnish law unfortunately . 
  what i found on wikipedia :  the constitution of finland allows only for a non-binding ( consultative ) referendum called on by the parliament ( article 53 of the constitution ) . 
  they used this mechanism in two cases , one of the was the eu membership . 
  the non-binding nature of this would not be a problem if it came from the government . 
  i however do no know if the mep is speaking in the name of his government , meps tend to act a little different from them according to my experience . 
  i guess he is talking about the fact that there is no legal procedure for leaving the euro . 
  it also ` violates ' the long-term eu goal of introducing the euro ( which you and denmark have an opt-out on ) . 
  still i do not see this being impossible . 
  the eu does not have the power to prevent finland from printing and using own currency . 
  i have never heared of that project before . 
  it looks really ambitious , i hope that they can find the funding for it and build it without major setbacks ( like corruption , sorry for bringing this up , but construction business in your country has been majorly affected by this from what i have read ) and that it will actually be successful . 
  if it is built , it actually looks like a nice place to visit one day ( not that greece is n't beautiful enough right now ) . 
  i dislike the generalization about energy , but i agree with you ( state-owned energy can be pretty inefficient and expensive ) . 
  privatization needs to add value and competitiveness to the business * and * the economy . 
  the ` good ' thing about the 50 billion fund is the fact that it is not expected to ` produce ' the 50 billion within a few years but is rather designed for 30 years , preventing fire sales . 
  as popular as he is ( amongst the population ) , the cdu would not elect him . 
  he is far too polarizing and they probably would lose the next elections . 
  and i am pretty sure sch\u00e4uble knows that too . 
  the only reason for him to do something of this kind would be a revenge on merkel for what happened 15 years + ago . 
  and i doubt that he is driven by thirst for revenge . 
  this is the approval rating as a finance minister . 
  people still remember the stupid stuff he did when he was minister of interior affairs . 
  the amount in question for the current program is 14 billion for germany . 
  this is exactly the amount of our budget surplus last year . 
  plus the money is actually used for debt payments ( that actually float back to us in some way , even if the debt is held by the ecb ) , so the money that is really in ` the fire ' is maybe half of that . 
  the chancellor of the federal republic of germany has the `` competence of policy setting '' by our constitution . 
  however , this ` rule ' is rarely enforced . 
  you can not really go to a court with it . 
  since we have had coalition governments since the creation of our republic in 1949 , there is a specialy difficulty with it . 
  the chancellor is effectively unable to ` fire ' a minister that belongs to another party as it would destroy the ` coalition peace ' , likely forcing the coalition to break up . 
  for ministers of the same party it is somewhat possible , for example our former minister of environment ( r\u00f6ttgen ) was sacked , pretty much the same applied to our former mod ( guttenberg , after it was published that he ` cheated ' on his doctorate ) . 
  it is a lot different if you have a minister like sch\u00e4uble . 
  sch\u00e4uble is hugely influental and enjoys a lot of backing both in the population and in the parliament . 
  sacking him would be extremely difficult , but likely inevitable if he publically opposed the programme for greece . 
  my bet is that he will vote in favor of it , people are overexeggerating the importance of this statement . 
  depends on the issue . 
  both our current and our last minister of justice voiced serious concerns and disagreement with the data retention laws . 
  our last minister ( fdp ) straight up refused to establish that tool , our current one ( spd ) agreed to a watered-down variant of it in the end , both going in opposition to the leading party of the coalition ( cdu ) by doing so . 
  sch\u00e4uble has expressed unease on the last extension of the bailout ( the one that expired ) , nevertheless it passed the parliament . 
  it would be difficult . 
  sch\u00e4uble is extremely popular both amongst conservatives in her party and in the population . 
  she could , but it would severly strain her relationship towards her party . 
  unless he goes full opposition to the deal , which he wo n't , it * will * pass our parliament . 
  the last time the bundestag debated over money for greece ( the 7.2 billion $ extension in february ) , sch\u00e4uble said that he feels ` uncomfortable ' with the deal , nevertheless 541 mps voted for it , with only 32 against it and 13 abstentions . 
  i would not exactly call this ` undermining ' . 
  he is free to be dissatisfied with this agreement , nevertheless it is decided now by the heads of the governments . 
  unless he will lead a revolt against merkel on the issue in the vote in the * bundestag * after the greek parliament voted on it , there wont be much for this to come afterwards . 
  russias grip on our oil prices is actually not even remotely strong at the moment . 
  the oil price is waaaay below what russia ` needs ' for a balanced budget . 
   so greece could buy them for very little recapitalise them move the loans to a bad bank then sell shares . 
  same would work if the highway company is basicly broke . 
  who is going to buy this though ? 
  recapitalizing under the current circumstances is an enormeous task that greece can not completely fulfill . 
  also , the exposure of these banks towards greeces debt is way too high , there is a lot of dangerous potential in them . 
  as i said , we are talking about different definitions of ` soft power ' here . 
  everything you said is correct , however i took a more narrow approach . 
   if you sieze 50 billion of asssets , basically selling them off , you are also removing an opportunity from greece to get this growth .
