   he would n't , because he would be paid directly by eu taxation . 
  but he also moves around a lot in the eu and gets stationed in different sectors after certain periods of time . 
  all nationalities get mixed together . 
  families move with the troops . 
  this would lead to soldiers being the poor people in the uk and being the rich people in romania . 
   british , italian , french and german military industrial sectors are all valuable , for example . 
  yes , but each of these countries has ( for example ) their own development sections for mbts . 
  if only one model was produced ( which should be the case in a unified military ) , the mbt producers of the other countries could essentially stop any developing for decades since they cant sell it anyways . 
   yes , there would probably be losses , but what 's the point of propping up highly inefficient industries ? 
  find the workers other jobs in similar fields and help them find work across europe . 
  there is just one point propping um inefficient arms industries , no , actually two . 
  the first one being saving or creating jobs ( it is obviously difficult to find other jobs for them ) and the second one being national security and pride . 
  i have a really hard time seeing france agreeing to something like this while nexter is state-owned and defecitary while not being that competetive compared to the german or british tanks . 
  its a german subsidiary . 
  however , where is the problem then ? 
  if they are able to open these sub-institutes , still being connected with the main bank , why is there a need for pan-european banks ? 
  most of the ( non-uk ) eu has been suspicious towards the banking sector , and for good reason . 
  well , i happen to own a barclays account and a barclays credit card , and i opened it from germany . 
  is n't this vat rate significantly lower than what is in place currently ? 
  what do you mean by ` rejecting service sector integration ' ? 
  keeping our industry instead of making the shift britain did ? 
  do you really think shifting the power towards the parliament will increase the awareness of the average citizen ? 
  i think brussels will still be too remote for the average citizen ( not talking geographically but feeling-wise ) . 
  unless the majortiy of powers is shifted towards the eu ( which would render national parliaments pretty irrelevant ) , the eu just does not bear enough influence on the daily lifes of the european citizens to justify greater interest . 
  if you somehow managed to give an european institution that is connected to the parliament a say on the national budgets - then we are talking . 
  well , you got your sales tax in most states . 
  i think you are confusing the mu with the eu here . 
  the eu did not see that much of an increase in power during the crisis . 
  and if you want proof for a call of renationalization - just look at the uk . 
  also , the rise of parties like the afd will make merkel much more reluctant giving in to further integration ( just talking about germany here , there are similar parties and effects visible in other countries ), 
  maybe they should be the last resort , however not when dealing about ` daily constitution business ' . 
  as good as a joint military sounds , it poses incredibly difficult questions that are even more ideological or complex than the economic ones . 
  * is it fair that a romanian member of the european army earns less than his counterpart from the uk ? 
  * what about nukes ? 
  most countries oppose them , however neither britain nor france would want to give up on them ( and quite frankly , the rest of the eu would not like to completely rely on the us for that part ) * it would completely destroy the defense industry in most of europe . 
  there is only need for one mbt ( over a time span of like 30 years ) and one type of jets every 10 to 20 years . 
  it would utterly destroy the competition in europe . 
  - your argument about regional specifications is misleading and wrong unfortunately , the major arms producers are able to cover these specifications , there is no need for local companies for this . 
  * what about exports of arms ? 
  countries like germany have grown to be reluctant on that issue , e.g. 
  france is having much les problems with this . 
  * what about the un security council ? 
  balance would completely shift , it is not justified that the uk aswell as france hold a seat each if they dont even have the last say over ` their ' military anymore . 
  * what about the cultural/historical obligations ? 
  i do not see a majority for interventions in former french or british colonies . 
  * etc etc how do you create a european media ? 
  in some countries , over 50 % of the citizens are not able to communicate in english . 
  you would still rely on the national media . 
  direct democracy has proven to be ineffective on a larger scale , i can only expect referendums amongst 500 million people being a total mess . 
  i was not thinking in the terms of seven decades , fair enough if we are talking about that time span . 
  however , i do not see major changes going through in the next five years - the eu will have to focus its power on holding on to the powers granted to them against the trend of renationalization . 
  i disagree . 
  normal citizens do not hold the power and position to defend the constitution against the other major powers in the state/union . 
  the ecj ( and constitutional courts in some national states ) actually has the power to hold the other powers at bay . 
  another major problem would be - the parliament as you proposed it would require european parties in my opinion . 
  yes , we have some alliances in the parliament currently - however they are far too alien for the average european citizen . 
  to justify giving them greater power , we would need to greatly improve the public awareness on who is sitting there . 
  also , do you want to get rid of the country-centered voting and open up the parliament for paneuropean voting ? 
  i for myself can only name a handful of meps ( amongst those being the exotic meps from germany like the member of our nazi party or martin sonneborn from the satirical party ` the party ' ) and i imagine this is much worse for the average citizen . 
  i also have some problems with the unanimity considering foreign policy . 
  yes , it is somewhat rightfully in place since it directly affects the countries in a major way , however this opens up for a single country opting out for whatever reason ( like greece currently considering russia ) which weakens the eu foreign policy a lot . 
   in exchange , greece would agree to adopt a relatively short list of economic reforms that are significantly narrower from those being sought by the imf and a german-led group of hardliners within the eurozone . 
  but would n't this be additional to the measures that are requested by these ` hardliners ' ? 
  i do not see 5bn being enough . 
  from what i have read , i have a hard time believing that syriza would hold on to enfia in its current form . 
  also , these proposed ` independent authorities ' - how much power would they hold ? 
  i do not think that the greek parliament would give up parts of their budget rights to another authoritiy , meaning that this will only be symbolic . 
  also , i do not think that running a primary surplus of 3.5 % is intelligent now , and it wont be in two years either . 
  so essentially you want to get rid of the system that one member can hinder the decisionmaking process of the whole eu . 
  i have got some questions to you : * how could it be realistic to give the parliament those powers ? 
  - unless we are talking about a parliament without power here , it would require the member states to give up even more souvereignty , currently many countries , especially yours , want to move in the opposite direction . 
  * how powerful should the veto of the council be ? 
  should it have the power to completely block the parliament ? 
  could the veto be overturned by the parliament ( like in the us ) or is the veto just delaying ( like in the uk ) ? 
  * i have a bit of a problem with the fact that you name the council the `` guardian of the constitution '' . 
  well , maybe that is because of me being german , but should the guarding duty not be up to the ecj ? 
   please keep it realistic the problem is : there is no realistic way of fixing the current problems . 
  the current form of the eu is the result of decades of comprimises between the participating countries . 
  many of the current problems would require further integration ( be it politically or economically ) , however these reforms dont have the right advocates currently . 
  anything that can be reached currently are very minor steps , unfortunately some of these steps are going in the wrong direction as well . 
  this concerns even minor problems . 
  if the eu cant even decide on the issue where the parliament is based ( brussels/strasbourg ) , how can one expect advancements in more complicated and controversial topics ? 
  it is nice to see that some places did not change at all in the last 45 years . 
  so what exactly is new about this ? 
  everyone should know by now that the current system is flawed , however it requires some major political lifting to fix . 
  also ,  that structure means it 's dangerous to assume that bigger eurozone economies such as spain or italy wo n't also see a revival of investor concerns about their own debt levels when the european central bank ends its monetary support for the region 's bond markets . 
  is n't this how it is supposed to be handled ? 
  this essentially just means that every country has to pay interest rates that correlate with its debt and economy , as it was pre-monetary union . 
  well , our regulations were shitty as well . 
  yes , they were really supportive , however , they underestimated how fast china would catch up , removing most of the jobs the * energiewende * has created . 
  also , the buildup was way too fast , we do not really have the infrastructure to support all this new energy production . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  nobody talks about moving all energy production to other countries . 
  it is almost impossible to use this as a bargaining method because , unlike oil or gas , every country in the eu is able to export energy . 
  nobody gives a damn where the energy comes from , if a country decides not to sell to country c , country c will buy from country b which buys from the first country . 
  it is embarrassing to say that greece would not be a reliable partner here , threatening to cut us off the energy supply . 
  yes , we had some weird threats , however none of them became reality . 
  additionally , you will cut yourself if you do n't export energy you do n't need . 
  you can not store exceeding energy , all holding back energy would do to you is overheating your power supply net . 
  i still ca n't get over the fact that about 50 % of the capacity in europe is installed in germany - it just makes no sense given our geographic position .
