  there has been pretty minimal intervention there by the west , the russians stepped in and made their mark instead . 
  is that better ? 
  the side that opposes both isis and assad has been marginalised and were frequently bombed by the russians . 
  that side was basically our interests in syria as it was our only hope of syria becoming something more than just another dictatorship . 
  it would have been better if we had taken action before the russians went there . 
  a no-flight zone for example . 
  because most of the syrian casualties are caused by assads air force . 
  however , we have seen the turnout of the libyan intervention . 
  arguably , the allied forces went beyond what they were initially meant to do . 
  i find it quite of astonishing in retrospective that our foreign minister was criticized heavily for not voting in favor of the resolution and it turns out he was right . 
  syria is a moral dilemma for the west . 
  we can not really do something `` right '' there . 
  either we support a murdering dictator for the sake of our own stability or we support other groups of dubious nature which might result in a significant loss of stability or in a state like libya ( which is even less desirable ) . 
  it certainly is * very * tricky to find the right balance between staying out of conflicts and engaging where necessary . 
  every decision will end up being terrible . 
   other countries are becoming emboldened by the lack of clear leadership from the west and they are pursuing their interests in conflicts , sometimes to the detriment of our interests . 
  this however was also caused by a lot of wrong decisions in the past ( like fiddling around with the government in iran or the iraq interventions ) . 
   if we do n't use our militaries , you can be damn sure that china , russia , and others will use theirs . 
  can we ? 
  china has n't been that active with its military apart from annoying their neighbors . 
  this is us influence area anyways - europe is n't that connected to chinas adversaries . 
  maybe the uk a bit more than the other states , but you did n't intervene there either . 
  and i seriously doubt that you would should the need arise . 
   they will sway the tables and promote their values worldwide , values that we are often very opposed to . 
  i think we have to make peace with the fact that we will not be able to dominate the world with hard power anymore . 
  but our soft powers have proven quite dominant in the past . 
  especially the values of the us . 
   why you would just take them out of the equation ? 
  because the rest of europe really is n't that afraid of russia and thus does n't profit as much . 
   and russia going into more former soviet states or former soviet aligned states would hurt western europe 's economy pretty significantly . 
  talking about non-eu states there is only belarus left . 
  or a full-scaled invasion of ukraine . 
  neither of which bears greater significance for the eu economies . 
  the us does not want a strong russia - having the missle shield in place is one of the things that prevent this from happening . 
   confused why so much of nato 's funding is coming from the us . 
  you know that the us spends as much as it does because it chooses to do so and not because it is required for maintaining nato ? 
  for example maintaining ten carrier fleets are expenses that are purely meant for us projection power and not for nato defence . 
  all the calls for leaving nato `` because it is so expensive '' from trump are ridiculous given that he wants to `` rebuild '' your military ( aka spend more ) . 
   yes not having russia come into eu countries is good for the us , but you know who benefits even more from it ? 
  europe itself . 
  debateable . 
  the us feels more threatened by russia than most of europe ( if you take eastern europe out of the equation ) . 
   do the left also oppose an eu military ? 
  statement from * die linke * ( our left party ) : `` instead of building up a common army and a common arms policy we need peaceful foreign policy and disarmament '' . 
  i would call that opposition to the idea . 
   i do n't really know what would be the use of having one if they plan to never do anything with it . 
  well , i somewhat disagree with this `` we have to do something with it '' mentality . 
  we should not use the military for the sake of using the military . 
  we should aim to maintain a well-trained and well-equipped military that could defend europe and use it when it really is necessary . 
  most of the aggressive uses of the western militaries in recent times ( iraq , libya ) ended in a disaster . 
  honestly , i assume that he has n't got a clue and fell for the `` we are propping up european border defence with our money '' stuff . 
  having the missle defense is one of the core defence mechanisms for nato and even if the us wants to take less action in the middle east - they want to continue having an eye on it and they want to maintain the capabilities of going back to the engagement policy . 
  the surveillance of that area is done from german soil . 
  well , it certainly gives less room for protests . 
  it 's the same as always - people mainly care about the things that are happening in their direct vicinity . 
  many of these people are opposed to any us military presence in germany anyways - no matter the drones . 
  i know it is not the most consequent logical stance , but that 's how it is . 
   just to give a general idea , what are the other major parties opinions on how to sort syria out ? 
  our major parties seem happy with just doing action from the air and hoping some political solution is worked out . 
  this is somewhat the same for our major parties - however we will not carry out airstrikes . 
  germany is always hoping for political solutions . 
  the left party is completely opposed to any use of our military - including the surveillance flights we are carrying out currently . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the russian airstrikes are not carried out with support/control from german soil . 
  plus your argument is a bit ridiculous - russia being the bigger evil does not mean that you ca n't protest something else . 
  i assume you are american ? 
  please look up the facts before making such an ignorant comment . 
  the us bases in germany are not there for the defence of germany . 
  they are here because it is combined with nato hqs , because you need it as a basis to carry out your drone strikes in the middle east and because it is the hq of the missle defence . 
  these bases mainly serve american interests , not german ones ( even though a lot of things are in the interest of both countries ) . 
  your troops here are not equipped for country defence anyways . 
  and about `` affording '' - you spent money on stuff that was less useful . 
  and you continue to do so . 
  lack of lunaitcs . 
  differently compared to what ? 
  here 's what wikipedia says about that time period : `` between 1949 and 1989 , a million berliners left the city . 
  at the same time , both east and west berlin experienced a high number of arrivals from people from the southern , eastern and western parts of germany ( saxonia , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , north-rhine-westphalia ) . 
  additionally to that , there was a lot of immigration from turkey , jugoslavia , italy and lebanon . 
  this caused berlinerish to disappear from the everyday life in large parts . 
  many of the new citizens adopted parts of the dialect , however its use became more and more uncommon as it was seen as low-bred . 
  thus , the centers of the dialect today are mainly in the former gdr areas of berlin as speaking dialect was less acceptable in the western parts of it . 
  in the center of the city , the share of non-native berliners is high and thus , berlinerish is rarely spoken . '', 
   i was thinking in a more defensible sense , since strasbourg is further inland and harder to reach , then again , it 's not like the eu is at war with anyone so it 's not really much of a concern :p well , a switch to strasbourg would only be benefitial if you are fearing for a war against the netherlands , the uk , ireland or the us . 
   i 'm of the same opinion  i 'm afraid nothing will happen though . 
  the parliamentarians are unwilling to move to strasbourg , france is too proud to give up strasbourg . 
   and the baden-w\u00fcrttemberg state we really should not move the capital to germany . 
   i 'd actually prefer if they left brussels and moved completely to strasbourg because it 's a more central location and is n't the capital of a country . 
  the issue is that the infrastructure is in brussels . 
  the parliamentary groups have their basis in brussels , the nation states have their embassies in brussels , the lobby groups are based in brussels . 
  and the main thing : the parliamentarians are in favor of staying in brussels as well . 
  i would agree with you on `` not being the capital of a country '' if it was paris , london , berlin or rome . 
  but nobody is complaining that belgium has too much influence in the eu . 
  ( plus it ensures that there is at least one working government in belgium lol ) . 
  and about being central : brussels has the optimal position when it comes to infrastructure . 
  it is directly connected to france , the netherlands , the uk and germany . 
  very few countries have selected their capital based on which is the most central city in the state . 
  but in the end , it does n't matter to me if it is brussels or strasbourg - as long as they finally stop moving and settle on one place . 
  the thing is : the statistics can just tell us something about the average of the * whole * net . 
  some other countries provide stats for specific lines they operate . 
  and there you can see that some lines operate on time 100 % while some are delayed almost 50 % of the time .
