  we are not going to put sanctions on china for things like this . 
  we are not stupid . 
  and neither would any other european country . 
   boko haram for instance is literally just against `` western teachings and education '' boko haram is by far not as threatening to us as isis is . 
   should that mean that we should take all of our soft power out of africa ? 
  and stop funding secular , inclusive , and peaceful institutions in africa ? 
  not at all , what a daft idea . 
  if you understood me that way , it is incorrect . 
   and besides all of that , which would you prefer , violent dictators in control of armies with advanced weapons and the ability to coordinate hundreds of thousands or troops and thousands of armed vehicles , or a bunch of idiots running around with ak47s and just making use of equipment left behind from the places they conquer ? 
  genuine answer ? 
  the first one . 
  the bigger wars in the area date over 40 years back . 
  these `` idiots '' pose a higher threat to us than authoritarian regimes in the region . 
  simply because they send the message of an ideology that threatens our societies ( talking about terrorism here ) . 
   it actually makes the case for other nations like germany to step up , japanese values align up with ours quite often , we need to help them and encourage them to fill the gap they are leaving . 
  i disagree . 
  we do not have to fill in for countries like japan . 
  their zone of influence is completely foreign to us - the pacific area is none of our business . 
   i think it will happen eventually anyway , nothing gets countries going like seeing their power decline quickly . 
  our influence has n't been built on military power since 70 years now . 
  we fared rather well . 
  remember what happened as a result of bases being built during the cold war ? 
  bases on the other side of the iron curtain popped up . 
  we have overcome the cold war , there is no need for a new arms race with russia . 
  and by the way - your own country * and * nato do not really favor permanent bases in these countries for exactly that reason . 
  this article ... does not contest what i wrote ? 
   the cold war is over , russia is n't even close to strong in any sense . 
  it has shown aspirations to contest you influence . 
  which your politicians dislike . 
   this is n't true . 
  what is the accurate situation then ? 
  [ these are the recent locations of your carrier fleets ] ( https://southfront.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/maritime_15_04_16.jpg ) . 
  none of them is even remotely in a position to defend europe immediately . 
   you say that china only annoys its neighbours , it is currently trying to take control of a very important piece of the sea through very dubious methods . 
  that is pissing off anyone who disagrees with countries being able to take over the sea by claiming and building islands , and building military and civilian infrastructure on those islands . 
  i am aware of this . 
  yet it is not on the level of full aggression , it is not even remotely comparable to russias actions . 
   iraq was obviously a mess , we know that . 
  i do n't think that situation was ever going to end up going well though , look at some of the things saddam did and you can see how high the tensions in iraq must have been . 
  even if he had eventually died from ill health or old age , shit was going to get messy . 
  yes , but we likely would n't have encountered isis . 
   germany really just needs to start taking over the world responsibilities that befit a country that has the 4th largest economy in the world . 
  the 3rd largest economy remains purely defensive as well . 
  even though japan is slowly shifting their doctrine , they will remain very defensive for quite a while . 
  their appearance on the world stage has also been very modest . 
  and well , we have seen what us going to war causes . 
  we have caused enough terrible things in the last century to be opposed to military action alltogether . 
  yes , the circumstances are different , but you wo n't see germany adopting policies similar to the uk or france within the first half of this century . 
  but yes , i agree , we should do more . 
  we should also spend more . 
   better technology is nice but manpower wise the russians have the upper hand . 
  menpower wise north korea is en par with the us . 
  counting heads alone does n't get you anywhere in these times . 
   the germany army is not able to fight a conventional war at any larger scale . 
  did i claim that ? 
  no european country is ( at least not alone ) . 
   the german army has two mechanized divisions on paper which have 18000 personal . 
  the only european country maintaining a high number of mbts is poland . 
  france , the uk and italy have even smaller numbers of mbts than germany . 
   the forces in germany were there to guarantee that any attack on german soil would be an attack on the countries that have troops stationed there . 
  this is not the case with the baltics . 
  of course it is not realistic to expect to be able to defend the initially , the question is would there be an adequate response afterwards . 
  i say , not without the us . 
  i was mainly talking about the purpose of the bundeswehr during that time . 
   i say , not without the us . 
  the question is how suited the russian army is for a broad attack move . 
  it is regularly reported that the russians fail to provide enough supplies for their exercises and that their troops are thus cannibalizing their own vehicles during them . 
  plus , even in the case that nato would be abandoned , i doubt that the us would just stand by and watch . 
  they are willing to help allies that are less closely connected to them , why would they act differently in europe ? 
  pretty much all polls conducted on this topic ? 
   germany would not do anything if russia would invade the baltic states for example . 
  says who ? 
   the only nations that might be willing are france and the uk but they lack the military power . 
  russia does not have the military power for an extended intervention . 
  both the british and french forces are significantly better equipped and trained than the russian ones . 
   if europe as a whole would put up a military force it would be no problem to face russia but the way it is it would be only capable if it would react together with all the power it has and that is not going to happen . 
  well , nato is meant for this . 
  coordinating all troops . 
   after the ukraine crisis nato had a problem to guarantee a 5000 men readiness force for the baltic states ( which is nothing ) and then it took a lot of work to put together a force of 30000 men that could be deployed . 
  it has a lot to do with not wanting to show signs of aggression against russia . 
  as we know from the cold war , one side building up forces aimed at the other side only prompts an adequate response . 
   in that time the eu could not even start mobilizing troops . 
  it is completely unrealistic to expect to mount a suitable defence immediately . 
  during the time of the cold war , no plan included a full defence of germany . 
  all that the forces in germany were meant to do was delaying the aggression for as long as possible . 
  apart from the fact that the deployment of significant amounts of troops at the border to europe does not go unnoticed . 
   maybe let americans decide what americans want . 
  this is the stance of most major us leaders . 
   i think there 's a growing segment of the population in america who do n't really care what kind of authority russia has over the continent of the europe as long as their influence is confined to europe . 
  americans seems to be getting pretty tired of having to spend all this money on alleged `` allies '' who are often more hostile to them than the russians themselves . 
  it matters more what the us elite thinks . 
  and please elaborate how the us is spending money on germany for example . 
  or the uk . 
  or france . 
  quite funny to hear this from a canadian - a country that fails to reach 2 % as well . 
  by a large margin . 
   again , mr. germany , why do n't you let americans decide how they feel about russia ? 
  polls and public statements of the us leaders show that my assessment is correct . 
  i am not pulling this out of my ass . 
   but how would you describe the syrian conflict ?
