  and they will . 
  but being in the opposition is better for them than being the junior partner in another grand coalition . 
   maybe seek an understanding with the greens ? 
  depends on whether the greens enter an coalition with the union . 
  spd would not be irrelevant in the opposition - it would be seen as some kind of breathing room to develop an own profile again . 
  dissent is hardly possible while in the coalition with the cdu . 
   yup , and their government is even paying refugees to leave we are doing the same and it is actually a good policy in my opinion . 
  it essentially helps both sides - it is cheaper than providing benefits for years , it helps the people to return with `` something '' - so they at least do not have to start over from zero . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  you do not have a point in what you are saying . 
  this ... does not contradict what i wrote ? 
  sorry for the late reply , i was busy this weekend . 
   not all of them , but a sigfnificant share will eventually pay taxes . 
  from the [ iab-kurzbericht 24/2016 ] ( http://doku.iab.de/kurzber/2016/kb2416.pdf ) in conjunction with [ this ] ( http://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/only-13-per-cent-of-recent-refugees-in-germany-have-found-work-survey ) article about it : * it shows that of the refugees who arrived last year and in january 2016 , 13 per cent are in work . 
  many newcomers are still in the process of getting asylum applications assessed and so have limited access to the labour market , it found . 
  * * herbert bruecker of the iab institute for employment research said experience showed around 50 per cent of migrants tended to have found employment after living in germany for five years , at least 60 per cent were in work after 10 years and 70 per cent after 15 years . 
  *  the influx is n't on a level where it would not be sustainable . 
  while i disagree with the csu demand for a numerical limit to the right of asylum , the number they throw around ( 200,000 ) is n't without basis . 
  there have been scientists arguing that the number of refugees the society can integrate per year is somewhere around that number ( some argue that it is higher , some argue that it is lower ) . 
  the number of arrivals in 2016 will likely not hit 300,000 and the protection rate ( asylum + refugee status + subsidiary protection ) is around 60 % currently . 
  this leaves us at around 200,000 accepted refugees . 
  accepting this amount of refugees also has the backing of the vast majority of germans . 
  [ survey from february ] ( http://www.ndr.de/der_ndr/presse/mitteilungen/ndr-umfrage-mehrheit-der-deutschen-glaubt-an-gelingen-der-fluechtlingsintegration,pressemeldungndr16886.html ) - this was after we had a peak in arrivals and after criticism of merkels decisions was already popular . 
   most of these people wo n't be here forever the deportation numbers are increasing significantly ( even though they are not at the level where they need to be ) . 
  we have a precedent for large numbers of people leaving the country again : [ the refugees from the balkan wars ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/ds27_2_d.htm ) . 
   did i say it was n't so ? 
  you brought the term `` pc '' into this - it has virtually * nothing * to do with `` political correctness '' . 
   source ? 
  see the iab study i posted above . 
   apprenticesips do n't pay and the point about skills does n't change in the slightest . 
  and what unfilled jobs are you talking about ? 
  apprenticeships * do * pay . 
  arguably the pay can be very shitty , but there is government support for this . 
  and even if you say this is even more money spent on the refugees - they would get benefits otherwise and spending in educating these people will almost certainly pay off . 
  both for us and for their country if they return some day . 
   the jobs that are n't filled by germans atm because their education already is n't good enough ? 
  we have those that are completely unable to have a job due to unreliability or personality . 
  we have those that do not meet the requirements ( mainly in terms of commitment ) . 
  and we have those that simply do n't want a job because they simply do n't want to work and prefer algii . 
   you conveniently forgot a million of people in your scenario . 
  even if you include this million people ( ignoring that some of them already are in employment and more and more will get a job ) , you would end up on the level of 2005 while having more money to support them . 
  the horror . 
   so countries never go bankrupt or fall into debt ? 
  for countries in the ( current ) situation of germany , this is true . 
  germany has a very little chance to go bankrupt . 
  falling into debt is something else , but not necessarily unsustainable . 
  nothing in that wikipedia article suggests that this would have anywhere near the dimensions required to have a profound impacts on the refugees in germany . 
  neither does any other source . 
  this does ... not contradict what i said ? 
  this does n't even need to be the aim in my opinion . 
  the cdu will naturally shift to the right once merkel leaves . 
  it will be interesting to observe . 
  i really have no clue . 
  i think , depending on the area , things might shift in either direction . 
  i do not think that it will develop in one direction only . 
  exactly . 
  4th is the president of the * bundesrat * , 5th is the president of our constitutional court . 
  but that 's just according to the protocol . 
  in terms of power the chancellor is # 1 without doubt . 
  gabriel surely does n't want another grand coalition . 
  i do n't think schulz should run , but if he does n't experience a complete disaster in the election , he could still run again in four years . 
  look at how often willy brandt was the candidate for the spd prior to being elected . 
  merkel has in fact been challenged internally - by the csu . 
  there was quite a lot of internal debate about the course considering the refugees - but merkel has prevailed so far . 
  that however was never the issue i addressed . 
  i was exclusively talking about a majority to the left of merkel , as mentioned by / u/new-atlantis . 
  unfortunately , i am on mobile , so no quotes . 
  there has never been a union/green coalition on the federal level . 
  this type of coalition is still very new . 
  parts of the greens and parts of the cdu have aimed for this type of coalition for a while now . 
  the coalitions involving greens and cdu ( hesse , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) are working rather well . 
  it is difficult to locate the greens on a political spectrum at the moment , it entirely depends on who will be victorious in the inner-party skirmishes . 
  this will likely not be decided before the election is over ( even if the fundamentalists are the ones starting into the election from a stronger position ) . 
  should the `` realist '' wing be conducting the talks with the cdu and entsend most of the ministers , the greens could work very well with the cdu . 
  the difficulties in forming a black/green government are lower than forming a red-red-green government . 
  union/greens is one percent away from a majority , according to some polls . 
  given that the election is still almost a year away , i do not think it 's unrealistic . 
  jamaica has a majority . 
  the spd really does n't want to be part of another grand coalition . 
  as long as merkel stays in power , this wo n't happen . 
  not really - depending on the outcome , we have various options . 
  the most likely are black-green and red-red-green but even jamaica ( cdu/csu/greens / fdp ) could be a possibility . 
  as a backup , we have another grand coalition , but i deem it relatively unlikely . 
  nope . 
  for a left-wing majority , it does not matter whether the people vote for afd instead of the cdu - what matters are the people that vote cdu/afd instead of the left wing parties . 
  you are not seriously connecting large amounts of refugees with the problems of human trafficking and prostitution ? 
  seems like we will have a million , mostly male , prostitutes in the country very soon . 
  human trafficking of this kind is completely irrelevant when it comes to 99.9 % of the refugees here . 
  you 're grasping at straws . 
  you can not get deported because you worked illegally with a wage lower than the legal minimum . 
  it will be mainly the employer that gets into trouble anyways . 
  this is ... completely bullshit ? 
   so you agree with this person and agree that everyone who works in germany is paid the minimum wage yes ? 
  there is a quote function in reddit . 
  it makes reading comments quite a bit easier . 
  to answer your question : no . 
  not everyone who works in germany is payed the legal minimum wage . 
  there are legal exceptions and there are of course people who are illegally undercutting the minimum wage .
