  thats why there are talks about financial incentitives for both sides - for the rejected if they leave voluntarily , for the countries if they ` take back their people ' . 
  i think we just recently ` found ' one in poland that we can use for this . 
  this however is a problem innate to democracy , this is not limited to any country or any time . 
   this is n't real choice any more than the american system is . 
  i disagree . 
   seizing assets from the banks responsible for the initial loans , to the proportional degree that they held , and selling those off to pay off greece 's current debts to europe , as not to hold taxpayers liable for banking mistakes . 
  these banks have problems even sustaining the money flow . 
  what are you going to seize ? 
  the savings of the people ? 
   under the direct orders and oversight of europe , and only with their approval . 
  they could simply refuse to sell the assets . 
  the problem is that they would face bankruptcy then . 
   in what world is that ? 
  try getting a mortgage at a bank when even a simple credit check shows you do n't have anywhere near the sustainable level of income you claim to have/are required to have in order to complete the mortgage payment , and you 'll be laughed out . 
  exceeding the 3 % quota does not mean that you are an unreliable debtor . 
  look at the uk . 
   a lack of implementation does n't mean they have room . 
  it means they 're not implementing . 
  but the greek parliament has been completely obliterated in terms of actual governing authority and ability . 
  the state that invented democracy has now been robbed of it . 
  quite an impressive for the eu , one of the least democratic institutions the western world has seen in the last 50 years . 
  what do you expect ? 
  hey have 80 billion euros , we will count on you to do the necessary steps as this has worked so well in the past ... not, 
  yay . 
  we finally have a use for all of our useless small-scale regional airports . 
  ( not even joking , they are actively thinking about turning kassel-calden into a deportation hub ) . 
   if you can or will not even admit this much , you 're already long gone from reality . 
  this is what the after effects of propaganda look like . 
  i am talking about the current lending . 
  what would be a better alternative than lending money to greece currently in your book ? 
   everyone knew greece was hot air . 
  they knew it when they allowed them to enter the eu , they knew it when they allowed them to become part of the eurozone , and they knew it the day before it popped . 
  every single politician and banker knew that it was all based on absolute crap , but no one could rock the boat - because any movement could sink it all . 
  everybody was aware that greece cooked their books , correct . 
  * however * this alone does not mean that they are an unworthy debtor . 
   correct . 
  we confiscate it and sell it to others . 
  nobody confiscated anything . 
  the assets are under greek control and will be sold to the one making the best offer . 
   understatement of the century . 
  well , they are still not doing * everything * the eu wants , so they still have some rome . 
   yes . 
  you also saved french and swiss banks . 
  mainly greece though . 
   the target was european taxpayers , the criminals were bankers , and the politicians were the getaway drivers . 
  you make it sound like this was planned ... 
  what is your point here ? 
  of course not all parties can be in the government . 
  that would be ridiculously stupid . 
  what i am talking about is that there are very well alternatives with realistic prospects of getting into the parliament . 
  its easy to talk about ` the banks ' . 
  you forget that these banks are necessary for the economy and that the savings of the regular citizens would be endangered if the bank failed . 
  of course that needs fixing . 
  but this is not in sight . 
  i was just borrowing his word without thinking . 
  its late . 
  thank you for correcting . 
  to my knowledge , the global warming wont make these areas uninhabitable within the next five years ? 
  i think the `` tough '' part is more about the increased effort to deport people . 
  with a plane ? 
  not for august and september yet i am afraid . 
  yes . 
  because we can detect fake passports , duh . 
   say that the deported have to pay their flight on their own . 
  they actually do . 
  but it works a bit differently than you might think . 
  the state ` borrows ' them the money and they will have to pay it off before they are allowed to re-enter the country legally . 
  i am aware of that . 
  however only time will tell what use these patents will have . 
  the techonolgy for building electric cars has always been there , everybody can stuff a car full of batteries ( well thats simplified here ) . 
  well in germany you have two votes . 
  the share of the parties in the parliament is actually somewhat accurately representing the votes ( asides form a few minor inaccuracies not worth mentioning and minus the parties that got below 5 % ) . 
  [ according to the ft ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/96a96fc4-92c1-11e0-bd88-00144feab49a.html#axzz3myno8q2c ) it was 16 billion in 2010 . 
  [ according to the guardian , the total exposure of germany was 43 bn . 
  $ in 2010 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/feb/11/greece-debt-france-switzerland ) - at a exchange rate of 1.35 at that time , this would mean about 30 billion $ in total debt . 
  this is less total exposure than the greek banks alone . 
  ( not talking about greek pension funds etc ) . 
  france and switzerland were a lot more exposed . 
  given that our current exposure is over twice the one in 2010 , i think it is fair to say that we did in fact do more than just ` save our own banks ' . 
  the union is generally counted as one party , though . 
  yes , they ( the csu ) have some ( weird ) ideas on their own , however they generally act as a single party . 
  i would compare it to the leftwingers and the ` right ` wingers in the spd . 
  without this infrastructure , you would n't even be able to make significant amounts of money . 
  if anything , syriza is the best example of a party that was able to claim the government after being created just a few years earlier . 
  ( the outcome is a different discussion ), 
  do you know which banks were the most exposed to the greek debt ? 
  the greek banks and institutions , by a large margin . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) you can see how the banks were exposed . 
  so while it is true that the banks severly misbehaved , the alternative would have been much worse : a bail-in of the people . 
  meaning that a large portion of greek savings would have disappeared over night , creating a depression much worse than the current one . 
  connected with the greeks leaving the euro while risking that the same can happen in spain & co. afterwards . 
  the exposure of german banks was certainly neglectable as you can see . 
  it is a myth that we mainly did it to bail out our own banks . 
  that is just conspiracy . 
  we dont ? 
  we have the spd , the cdu , the greens and the left . 
  no other party has seats in our federal parliament currently . 
   you ca n't have multi dozen billions of contract bribed in without government involvement . 
  why should n't that be possible ? 
   well no .
