  which , as i said , ended up being huge for the outcome of the war . 
  i find it kind of fascinating that you seem to feel so convinced that germany would never have been able to conquer the uk even if it did not attack the soviet union . 
  honestly , i feel you have some false sense of superiority here . 
  the uk alone would have never been able to withstand germany forever . 
  without the losses in the soviet union and the us support , the uk would have been pretty much in a losing position . 
  and you are honestly not bringing `` facts '' , all you are doing is saying that `` uk won bob , germany could never have invaded '' . 
  you are n't backing up anything , you are n't even answering the numbers i brought up . 
  so how am i supposed to be convinced by ` facts ' if there are n't any ? 
   ` the failure of nazi germany to achieve its objective of destroying britain 's air defences in order to force britain to negotiate an armistice ( or even surrender outright ) is considered to be its first major defeat in world war ii , and a crucial turning point in the conflict . ', 
  major defeat - okay . 
  `` crucial turning point '' - no way . 
  the crucial turning point of this war will always be stalingrad . 
   ` the battle of britain solidified britain 's control of the air above the united kingdom and indeed above the english channel . 
  this paired with large scale damage to the german luftwaffe neutered nazi germany as an offensive threat , forcing hitler to look eastwards . 
  where do they get that from ? 
  or better : where do * you * get that from ? 
  i could not find a single source for this assessment . 
  there is no evidence that hitler went on attacking the soviet union because he lost the bob . 
  it is more likely that he attacked the soviets * despite * failing to conquer the uk . 
   ` result : decisive british victory ' the funny thing is : if you already want to talk about what wikipedia says about it , here 's what the german wiki says : `` operation aborted from the german side . '' . 
  aftermath : `` prevented german invasion , brits keep air superiority '' . 
   it was hugely influential to the events of the largest war in history and a big piece of our countries history . 
  it was in fact influential to the outcome of the war . 
  but the impact was strategic , not militarily . 
  it was infuential because it allowed the uk to serve as a base for d-day and as a base for continuous air attacks on germany . 
  the bob alone did not change much apart from preventing the invasion for 1940 . 
  yes , but there are scenarios where the us would not have joined the war . 
  there were movements inside the us to ally with germany or at least stay neutral . 
  had the uk been invaded , i can hardly see the us actively interfering in the war that early . 
  it is not that easy to invade over here without the uk as a basis . 
  i never said that he wanted to fight a two-front war . 
  he wanted to fight france first so that there would be no danger from the west . 
  incorrect . 
  hitler talked about france in ` mein kampf ' and he mentioned it after being sworn in , in 1934 . 
   the plans of occupying britain were abandoned prior to this as they were not feasible for nazi germany . 
  source ? 
  hitler postponed the invasion when it became clear that air superiority would not be reached in september 1940 . 
  an invasion in the winter months was not realistic . 
  when spring came , nazi germany already prepared for the attack on the soviet union . 
   it was only after losing the battle of britain , which took place july - october 1940 , did germany turn it 's sights towards russia . 
  the invasion of russia began 22nd june 1941 , a full 8 months after the end of the battle of britain . 
  i never claimed something else . 
  but did you know * why * it ended ? 
  not because germany ran out of planes or pilots but because it shifted focus on russia ( not saying that nazi germany did not lose , but no side was eliminated ) . 
   as the luftwaffe was not as strong as the royal airforce . 
  do you have any definite numbers ? 
  the luftwaffe in total outnumbered the raf ( at the start of the bob the luftwaffe had 4500 planes v. 3000 raf ) , they ` just ' used three out of five air fleets for the bob . 
  yes , the uk out-produced nazi germany ( 400-500 v. ~ 230 per month ) but this does not take into consideration that germany did not shift to war economy until late 1941 . 
  over the course of the war , the uk produced 38,786 fighter planes while nazi germany ( and territories ) produced 57,653 . 
  to add to that , germany had favorable conditions when it came to pilot training . 
  when germany attacked the soviet union in 1941 , the axis fielded between 4,000 and 5,000 planes that could otherwise have been used against britain . 
  that 's almost a years worth of british aircraft production . 
   nazi germany never would of been able to occupy the uk i 'd like to question that . 
  the way the things have gone in ww2 could never have been predicted . 
  on paper , germany should n't have been able to defeat france either . 
  especially not that quickly . 
  who knows how things would have turned out ? 
  -- -- -- but as i already said , all of this is purely hypothetical . 
  i do think that there is a scenario where the uk could have been occupied , but we have no real evidence that supports either side . 
  as i said , a lot of ` if 's and essentially just speculation . 
  frankly spoken , it does not matter . 
  it does not matter whether a mass-murdering maniac could have done things better or not , all that matter to us is that he did n't . 
  i am aware of how the bob went , however consider this : after germany defeated france , the battle of britain started and germany started preparing to invade the uk . 
  hitler did not want to risk an invasion in 1940 because he still hoped for the uk to give in on his demands . 
  the ships required to carry out such an invasion were available in september 1940 ( operation sea lion ) . 
  in 1941 , the plans were more or less abandoned due to the war against the soviet union . 
  for the war against the soviet union alone , germany fielded 3 million soldiers plus over a million soldiers from the other axis . 
  which is more than the uk had in service in 1941 . 
  it certainly is not unthinkable that germany and the axis could have won a war against the british empire . 
  so it is not `` could '' but `` simply did n't due to a variety of reasons '' . 
  -- -- -- however all of this is speculation . 
  honestly , we should not care about scenarios of this kind . 
  we did not win the war and we did not conquer the british isles which is all that matters . 
  europe owes a lot to the allies and especially the uk , and so does ( especially ) germany . 
  if the uk fell , the chances of the us landing in europe would have been rather minor . 
  we would be literally nazis now otherwise . 
  we did not want to fight france ? 
  hitler hoped that the uk would join us , but he was very clear early on that he wanted to take out france to ensure that we would face no threat from the west while fighting russia . 
  if we actually took the countries one by one , did n't attack the soviet union while still busy on the west and the us would have stayed out , it would have been possible . 
  however , that 's a lot of ` if 's ' and we can be happy that we lost the war . 
  the world would be a worse place otherwise . 
   i see there is clearly a difference in cultures but politics in it 's very essence is nationalistic , you go into it to do what is best for your nation , politics without nationalism seems bizarre . 
  not yes , of course . 
  well , it is the responsibility of the leaders to act in the very best interest of their country , but at the same time , we should also sometimes take one for the team . 
  you do not get anywhere with poltics that benefit nobody but yourself . 
  especially when you are part of the eu . 
   the uk has it 's own issues with nationalism with scots not feeling a part of britain or feeling british and hence wanting to leave so they can represent their people better and some self middle class loathing english people who do n't like the english flag . 
  we often joke about having this with bavaria , but it is not even close to your issues . 
  we 're not a country made out of different nations like you . 
   the eu flag is very strange to me considering i did n't even know the eu existed until i was 19 and started following politics . 
  i do n't identify with it at all really apart from europe being a part of western civilisation with north america etc. 
  i identify with it quite a lot , honestly . 
  especially when you spend time abroad ( as in : outside the eu ) , it strikes you how close we actually are compared to other countries . 
  despite all of our differences , languages and citizenships . 
  not with that particular flag , but with waving flags in general . 
  true . 
  but most people do n't know the difference anyways . 
   the thing is , it 's not a nazi flag . 
  it 's a flag of a pacifist country , a pivot of project of peaceful and united europe , locomotive of european economy train . 
  it 's ok to honor that , and be proud of what germany has become .
