  i have never taken this stance . 
  and you should know that . 
  i am not talking about the eu as an institution . 
  i am talking about the eastern european countries who are complaining about north stream - partly because of `` ukraine '' . 
  i am talking exclusively about eastern europe - who have been very critical about ns2 ( and ns ) but did not really lose a word on ss despite it having a similar effect on ukraine . 
  this will be very interesting as we can finally find out whether eastern europe is a hypocrite when it comes to ukraine . 
  ukraine has been used as one of the main arguments against ns2 , let 's see if they express the same criticism on ss ( which bypasses ukraine as well ) . 
   even the champion of austerity in the imf saying it is n't working the document you are talking about is not the official imf position but the position of three researchers in their research department . 
   the vast majority of the migrants are men under the age of 30 . 
  this group is not the `` vast majority '' - males aged 34 and younger are 55.7 % of applications . 
   give it a few more years , and the majority of german males under 30 years old will be foreigners . 
  faulty logic . 
  simple reason : we do not have the same influx that we had in 2015 . 
  currently , we have slightly above a hundred people entering the country per day . 
  in the whole of may , at relatively decent weather , the arrivals did not exceed 5,000 . 
  we will never see the same numbers again . 
   it 's also causing a skewed gender ratio that is dangerous in it 's own right . 
  in this case , you have to take the young ( < 14 years ) boys out of the equation as the number of young girls is pretty much the same . 
  bringing the share of `` young men '' ( between 14 and 34 ) down to 43 % . 
   if europe does n't begin taking aggressive measures to prevent the mass influx of uneducated and backwards men from africa and the middle east , then the continent has no future . 
  europe did exactly that ? 
  the arrivals in greece are lower than they have been in years , the influx in italy is tolerable . 
  plus , if it escaped you : the majority of the 2016 arrivals are women and children . 
   `` germany !, 
  i am telling again : first , you have to give an account of the holocaust . 
   the agency said that earlier on saturday , erdogan `` threatened to stop helping europe alleviate its refugee crisis if the eu continues to put pressure on turkey for refusing to acknowledge the atrocities , '' saying , according to the hurriyet newspaper , that his country `` will never accept the accusations of genocide . '' interesting . 
  just a few days back , he said that he would separate germany from the eu when it comes to their actions and that the eu deal would be unaffected by the german decision . 
  i did never claim that . 
  i simply said that the situation is not as dire as you think it is in my opinion . 
  especially exclusively focusing on germany is not exactly fair . 
  in relation to the size of the total economy , there are several countries who are doing way more to fuel the imbalances in the eu than we do . 
  i do not advocate for doing nothing , but i do think that it is possible to sort out these problems * without * exiting the euro zone . 
  germany has seen steep increases in wages in the last years , boosting consumption and effectively doing its part to balancing our trade as it makes us less competitive . 
  i think we are making good progress in this regard . 
  we however should be aware that this problem exists and we should put in a good effort to combat these problems . 
  a completely balanced trade inside the eu is delusional however . 
  fair enough . 
  you are contesting a point that / u/aboutdesouffle did not even make . 
   the problematic imbalance for the euro is that among the ez this is exactly what i said ? 
   http://voxeu.org/article/rebalancing-eurozone-internal-adjustments-won-t-be-enough four years old . 
   http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/intra-eu_trade_in_goods_-_recent_trends this actually shows that the intra-eu balance has shifted in the right direction : german balance in 2002 : eur 73.4 bln . 
  german balance in 2013 : eur 44.6 bln . 
  -  the euro benefits us much more now than it did in 2002 - yet the intra eu balance is decreasing . 
  ever since 2007 , there has been a steady decrease . 
  what * has * happened is that the german share on the inner eu export has increased a lot since the introduction of the euro - but so has our share on the imports . 
   having this surplus amounts to a trade war within the ez , except most members ca n't and wo n't defend themselves . 
  how can you blame us for an `` inner-ez trade war '' when the surpluses have in fact been higher during the time of national currencies ? 
   so what do you do about it ? 
  the external export surplus is not affecting the eu . 
  what matters is the intra-eu trade , which has [ decreased a lot already ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/9aaece78-9e7b-11e5-b45d-4812f209f861.png ) . 
  holy hell this blog is retarded . 
  king did , at no point , talk about germany leaving the eu . 
  all he suggested is that germany should ( temporarily ) exit the ez . 
  big difference . 
  but there are two reasons this statement is also wrong : just a week ago , he suggested that greece should leave :  `` what we 're seeing in greece now i never thought i would see this . 
  the position in greece today is worse than what it was in the us at the time of the great depression and it 's going to get even worse . 
   `` they should have left the monetary union . 
  and ironically the german finance minister would probably have agreed with that but for political reasons they decided to stay . 
  i find it almost impossible that they can stay in the euro . '' then , just four days ago , he stated this :  eventually , policy makers will be left with a stark choice : transfer political sovereignty to a single european government or say goodbye to the euro . 
  his stance is not consistent . 
  and last but not least - his interview ( the one this ` article ' is about ) was about the rising importance of gold during the crisis times of a potential brexit . 
  in the newspaper of a leading pro-gold lobbying organization . 
  -- -- -- it is kind of said that people are upvoting shitty stories from shitty blogs just because it goes against germany . 
  yeah , this way of arguing is ridiculously stupid . 
  well , we will see . 
   which is a fairly stupid argument when historians give us a far better one to dotch responsibility . 
  von trotha and the colonial administration did n't consult the imperial government and acted on their own . 
  i think this is a relatively weak excuse . 
  it is our colonial engagement that enabled this genocide in the first place . 
  i do n't think we should use independent acting as an excuse . 
   the denial started after and becuase of this . 
  interesting , thanks . 
   i do n't know who told you that that we deny the genocide because of pride or some retarded shit at least not at the national scale . 
  parts of the media invoked this impression . 
  i apologize if it is inaccurate . 
   some politicians said similar things , but that is probably normal in those debates , especially because in germany nothing should be comparable to the holocaust . 
  dodging historical responsiblities is never a good thing , no matter the reasons . 
  of course , for us nothing will ever come close to the holocaust , this however does not mean that we ca n't call it a genocide ,  but it seems that they acknowledged it shortly afterwards and there are currently talks about more detailed declarations with namibia under way . 
  well , this specific article talks about how the government is not fully recognizing it . 
  it 's some kind of half-assed apology . 
  well , not really . 
  at least considering the herero genocide . 
  we have somewhat acknowledged it , but we actually used arguments similar to the arguments of some turkish politicians in the current case . 
  ( `` it ca n't be genocide as it happened before this crime was even introduced '' ) . 
  ~ ~ the difference is that he turkish side dont acknowledge the armenian genocide because of some kind of ` pride ' , the german side simply does n't want to pay compensations . ~ ~, 
  you see them at pretty much any npd rally . 
  and this is completely unrealistic and thus pointless . 
  the thing is : it 's not the party that 's using the flag . 
  it is also not the leading party personnel using it . 
  it is some random afd sympathizers . 
  i disagree . 
  when people long for the ` good old times ' , they mean the 50s and 60s , not the 1910s . 
  i do not think that imperial flags are appealing to anyone qualifying as the ` average discontent voters ' as you called them . 
  let 's get a few facts straight : * we , at no point in time took in a million arabs in a year * even the total number of arabs who came here in the last years , during the refugee crisis , is below a million . 
  * the number `` one million '' arrivals does not mean that we will actually accept a million people . 
  the imperial flag is mainly used by closet nazis and actual nazis . 
  as you might know , displaying emblems from the nazi era is not allowed , so they go with the older flag instead . 
  of course it is n't , and rightfully so . 
  i simply said that some people call for crimea as a target and not minsk . 
  if we make the return of crimea a requirement for ending the sanctions ( as some people are suggesting ) and continue imposing further sanctions to reach this goal , we will never see an end to the sanctions .
