  this is not about wanting but about factual realities and international law . 
  it is illegal and could prompt military responses . 
  something that nobody wants . 
   mainly of course about internal devaluation , which is not solved yet the internal devaluation has been object of criticism relatively rarely compared to other economical policies we pursue . 
  and even then , the criticism is pointless . 
  its an easy equation : before we reformed and consequently devalued internally , we were in a very shitty position economically . 
  now we are doing great . 
   yeah , i meant that germany is accused of being stubborn and thus unable to actually solve problems there might be some truth to it , but it is not black and white . 
   ya , well i do n't envy you with your migrant time bomb and the inevitable conflict with france tbh i do n't see a time bomb to be honest . 
  these people are still refugees which should return to syria after things are cleared over there . 
  the bakan war is a good precedent for people actually leaving . 
  also : conflict with france is in the distant future . 
  until they get their domestic stuff sorted out , they will simply not be in the position to demand greater influence . 
  plus we worked well with them in the past , why should it be different these times ? 
  it 's just that both sides have to get used to it again . 
   tough times ahead of germany imo and some other countries as well not really . 
  the issue is overblown , there have been tougher times in the past . 
  it would mean that the main route ( through turkey ) is closed as it would include a deal to send refugees back to turkey . 
  there would pretty much only italy be left in this case . 
  this would get a lot tougher , but the journey is also a lot more dangerous than turkey -  greece . 
   also hungarian media said the negotiations were not in a point that anyone could veto anything yet . 
  your government says it did : [ click ] ( https://twitter.com/zoltanspox/status/706928641050025984 ) . 
  likely , they just announced that they would shoot down everything that includes refugee resettlement . 
  since the resettlement is an important part for turkey , it is pretty much a veto already . 
  the media coverage on all of that is dissatisfying to say the least . 
  by nature . 
  it 's essentially just a few leaks so far . 
  other sources talked about a cap of 200 or 300k people per year for the whole of europe ( which would be easily tolerable ) . 
  we will have to wait and see how it develops . 
  davuto\u011flu just came up with the biggest demands he could possibly make , probably knowing that he will not see every request met or fulfilled . 
  once there is a final statement ( which seems a bit unlikely given the announced veto ) , we will know more . 
  and no , i would prefer even this proposal to the status quo . 
  well , sending them back to turkey would require that the deal with turkey is finished . 
  something that mr. orban just vetoed . 
  we can not violate the souvereign territory of other states . 
  apparently the three countries having issues were hungary , france and cyprus : * hungary is opposed to the resettlement from turkey * france is struggling with granting visa free travel to turkey * cyprus is opposed to faster eu accession talks with turkey it seems that only hungary actually used its veto though . 
   the demand for them is inelastic to the price . 
  wrong . 
  the global demand for goods of this kind might be constant , but we are still having competitors in most areas . 
  half of our export surplus originates from car exports , a very contested product field . 
  we might make very fine cars that are very popular around the globe , but price still makes a difference . 
  a major difference . 
  especially when we are talking about markets that are not used to pay prices as high as we are for cars . 
   if the euro is strong it makes imports way more cheap and because germany 's industry is high-quality and not really replaceable they can still export with a strong euro while getting the benefits from cheap oil , cheap materials . 
  of course . 
  but it is questionable to claim that a strong currency would increase the surplus . 
  our surpluses were lower during the times were we still had our own ( much higher valued ) currency and pretty much all economists agree that germany is profiting significantly from the low value ( for german standards ) of the euro . 
   it is more profitable for germany to have a strong euro instead of a weaker euro because a weaker euro would only increase a little their exports but it would still lower their surplus ( they would sell only a little more but at a price too low to make up for it ) . 
  do you have * any * data/article backing this up ? 
  well , some people would like that . 
  but then , there are some people that would like to see the eu fail and that would love nothing more than the return to single national states . 
   before criticizing someone make sure you understand his position and what he says , it makes you look less stupid . 
  i have no problem with understanding what you want to say , you are however simply arguing with wrong facts . 
   a lower euro increased the amount of german goods traded but not its surplus . 
  nonsense . 
  a lower euro makes our products cheaper ( -  more competitive -  more exports ) while lowering our purchasing power ( -  ` less ' money for importing -  greater surplus ) . 
   it has been germany economical tactic since ww2 . 
  why do you think germany has always tried to have a very high deutschmark and a very high euro ? 
  i think you need to educate yourself on the issue . 
  the german central bank was the first central bank in the world to be granted independence . 
  its only goal was to maintain price stability . 
  since we are a export-oriented society and economy , this naturally leads to the value of the currency going up . 
  why , do you think , did the currencies of comparable countries fare similar ? 
   the responsability of the ecb is to ensure economic growth in the eurozone ; having a stable and higly valued currency can be part of it but this is not the goal of the ecb and should not have been when alot of states took a major hit on their exports you should probably look this up . 
  have a look at the treaties or go to wikipedia if you are lazy . 
  the * primary * goal of the ecb is price stablity . 
  there is nothing that even comes close to this in terms of importance . 
  the ecb also aims for a healthy development of growth and economy , but it is not its primary target and is severely limited by its main goal . 
  the ecb has done more in the growth and economy area than it is meant to according to the treaties . 
  hence you see the ecb arguing for these programmes mainly by arguing that they need to meet the inflation target of 2 % . 
   and no the ecb was and is still not independent , until very recently it was totally german influenced , with monetarist policies being the most important . 
  the ecb is german-influenced in the way that it is modelled after our own central banks and in the way that its main goals are price stability and not growth at any cost ( or even government funding ) . 
   what if `` we '' wrote some rules ? 
  you did n't though . 
  germany ( as well as the other central/northern countries ) only joined at the premise that the euro will be a stable currency . 
  we have no interest in inflation like there was in france , italy or greece prior to the euro . 
   what if they contribute to nothing ? 
  them you have to negotiate with all countries . 
  breaking them is no option . 
   if some rules fail to do their objective , you change them or you go easy on countries that are having a hard time like greece was . 
  the euro countries , including germany , were pretty relaxed in enforcing the rules for almost a decade . 
  they did not really enact anything until the shit hit the fan in greece . 
  as we all know , rules were ignored from the point where greece was accepted into the euro zone . 
   and germany has forced greece to follow some retarded rules and has fucked greece for the next 20 years at least with their maximum austerity stupidity in order to keep greece 's deficit low and `` show them '' how to run an economy . 
  greece had the possibility of leaving the euro . 
  it chose to stay because it knew the alternative would be even worse . 
  and by the way - germany was not the only country advocating for this treatment . 
  do n't forget that all other ez states consented . 
   i 'm just saying that merkel acted as if other european countries were irrelevant during the ukraine 's crisis  bargaining with russia until the last bit in order to maintain her so important gas deals . 
  the gas deals were never endangered . 
  hell , russia has n't cut the gas supply for us during the cold war , it would n't do so today either . 
  especially in the current situation - it is far too reliant on the money . 
  it is not clear whether other policies would have yielded significantly better results . 
   and yes germany dramatically worsened the migrant crisis , first by giving a positive to wannabee economic migrants and two by criticizing or shutting down any move to close the borders by other countries . 
  debateable about the first part . 
  criticizing a shutdown of inner schengen borders is not wrong . 
  plus : the last time i checked , germany had no authority over national borders of other countries . 
   yes and who got the blame for the crisis in greece ? 
  it 's the greek people that was blamed and their politicians . 
  i say bullshit because alot of banks ( including german ones ) caused in part the crisis in greece and yet the biggest efforts are done by the greeks who get fucked over .
