  i started to make a few points , but there was n't much interest and i thought that i have better ways to spend my time . 
  it is a bit too long to contest everything . 
  [ here 's what i wrote eight months ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/3po5tn/ttipdoku_konzerne_klagen_wir_zahlen_dokumentation/cw8qhww ) . 
  i can assure you that the whole film is a one-sided propaganda piece designed to pander to the ttip-sceptical german population . 
   tell me why ttip is a good idea to be frank , i have n't made the decision whether i think ttip will be good or bad . 
  simply because the goddamn agreement is not finished yet . 
  i will reserve my judgement until we see a final draft , then i will make my mind up . 
  i will however argue against all the people who oppose it for arbitrary reasons or because of misinformation . 
  ask the us - the country with the most significant trade deficit on earth . 
  yet they are interested in a free trade agreement . 
  despite what people often claim - free trade should eventually lead to lower prices and better products for the consumer . 
  i think he meant `` wrong '' in the sense of `` it 's bad that this is happening '' , not in the sense of `` this is not true '' like i am saying . 
  that 's not the fault of the people who negotiated it . 
  one reason why there is no huge debate about it : it is n't as outrageous as campaigns like `` stop-ttip '' made it to be . 
  it is quite funny that they always named ceta and ttip together - since ceta was released they have been pretty quiet about it . 
  most of their scary claims were debunked . 
  it is not uncommon that one does not hear anything about trade agreements - or have you ever had a pubic discussion about trade agreements in the past ? 
   more power for eu 's leading countries such as germany i doubt that this will be welcomed by the rest of europe . 
   most transparent , still not at all transparent it seems . 
  most people being outraged about how secret it is never even bothered to take a look at the information the eu provides . 
   imo these treaties should be as transparent as possible , since they affect the general population very much . 
  i disagree . 
  simply because closed-door negotiations tend to yield better results . 
  for everyone . 
   i do n't know shit about economics . 
  this is more about politics , legal issues and game theory than about economics . 
  nonsense . 
  you can talk about negative side effects , but it most certainly wo n't lead to a decrease in trade . 
  which makes the statement of / u/toreon correct . 
   http://www.foeeurope.org/sites/default/files/briefing_ttip_food_safety_feb2015.pdf they just threw in all of their favourite buzzwords to express how bad it is in their opinion . 
  the whole article is just speculation . 
  problem with both of your sources : they date back a long time and their findings are not supported by the ttip leaks from this year . 
  both of them are just speculating and interpreting whatever is said by the eu . 
  the claims however are * not * supported by factual evidence . 
  cetas final draft does not include similar stuff either . 
   look at trade barriers and tariffs between eu and us on the wto website and come back when you 're more informed . 
  that 's why most of ttip is focusing on harmonizing standards and not tariffs . 
  non-tariff trade barriers are still a significant problem when trading between these markets . 
  there are no secret courts in ceta . 
  uncitral transparency rules apply for isds under this treaty , ensuring that the case will be about as public as it gets . 
  alright , lets have a look at your points :  what i really dislike is the isds allowing companies to sue states is really against all common sense . 
  this is common practice however . 
  it might be against common sense , but it is perfectly fine in the eyes of the legal community . 
  we have had investment protection for 60 years now and it did not really do harm to us . 
  you have to consider that national court systems are unfortunately not guaranteed to be neutral at all times . 
  loweven corp. v. usa shows a good example of a case where a foreign investor was discriminated against by a court . 
   investments can and often should be risks and governments have the task to protect their people . 
  there is an alternative : insurances for every investment . 
  those have happened and they were payed , surprise , by the host state . 
  because it is the government that wants to attract investment . 
  the thing is : this is even more expensive to the government than just signing up for investment protection under isds . 
  you have to consider that `` protecting the people '' is often used as a proxy argument for discrimination or indirect expropriation . 
  both ttip and ceta have clauses that allow the governments to regulate , but they can not let arbitrariness rule . 
  i think this is reasonable . 
   even more wrong is the fact that the courts who are ought to decide those cases are secret and disclosed . 
  this is only a valid point of criticism when you talk about isds in the past . 
  ceta applies uncitral transparency rules which ensure that the cases are in fact more open to the public than regular court cases . 
  ttip is ( according to the leaks ) meant to establish a new transparency regime , with all court hearings being live streamed on the internet . 
  hardly `` secret '' . 
   which creates a parallel justice system and is at least where i live highly unconstitutional . 
  i seriously doubt that it would be found unconstitutional . 
  bits with various forms of investment protection have been around for almost 60 years - they have n't been successfully contested in courts . 
   we 've seen similar cases of tobacco industry vs small statest already . 
  no tobacco-related case has been successful so far however . 
  i can get behind the `` industrial giant vs. small country with only a fraction of the money '' argument , but it simply does n't apply when talking about the eu states and the us/canada . 
   i do n't want thinks like that behind closed doors for the eu . 
  as i said , this is not going to happen here . 
  the australia case was shot down and the prospects of suing our highly developed states are not that great in this regard . 
   a good company should have the well being of the customer in its interest . 
  the government should regulate laws according to the well being of its citizens . 
  if any company looses out in profit as a result of it , then it 's their bad . 
  they should have investigated the issue more . 
  common misconception . 
  the government maintains the right to regulate . 
  it just must not discriminate ( which is by far the most common cause for isds claims ) and it has to stick to its promises ( you can not ask a energy company to build a coal power plant and ban coal five years later ) . 
  and last but not least - you can not expropriate a company without compensation . 
  this should be common sense , but it unfortunately is n't in some countries . 
  the rest of your points are a bit vague . 
  i seriously got sick when i watched this piece for the first time . 
  it is basically a one-sided opinion piece full of misrepresentations and wrong facts . 
  the part about mexico shows very well that it is in no way comparable to our situation . 
  as i said , this is not connected to ttip . 
  unless you have a vision of global protectionism . 
  which is not realistic in any way . 
  protectionism always ends up being a net loss for the world community as long as it is happening between equally developed states ( you can make good points for protectionism in the third world ) . 
  ttip is the most transparent trade agreement to date 2 . 
  past agreements have been negotiated in a similar way . 
  they did no harm to us . 
  the calls for transparency are a bit dishonest - ceta is public yet nobody takes any interest in it . 
  i have no reason to believe that it would be different with ttip 4 . 
  scepticism is something else than `` fuck this agreement alltogether '', 
  we are not mexico 2 . 
  elaborate please, 
  do you actually have a reson to say that or are you just jumping on the `` ttip is bad mkay ? 
  since when is the conclusion `` less barriers = more trade '' naive ? 
  source ? 
  you are completely missing the topic . 
  inner-eu balance is not connected to ttip in any way . 
  the extra-eu imbalances do not affect the eu as much as inner-eu balance does . 
  if germany runs a large surplus against the us , it does not affect greece in any way .
