   increase state investments agreed  achieve a higher inflation inflation is picking up and core inflation is already well above 1 % . 
   it requires a difficult personality to take only the points that you can build weak retorts to , and to ignore the rest . 
  the points that i did not answer were vague hints at things unrelated to what i said . 
  i was , as i said , talking about the integration efforts for the people who came here recently , not about the integration of the turks who have been here for decades . 
   relative poverty only means something when those in poverty are happy being there or there are otherwise means for them to get out of it essentially , relative poverty mainly means that there is inequality in the country . 
  relative poverty is a horrible metric to measure whether there are actually poor people in the country . 
  yes , we do have poor people . 
  but no , not all people under the relative poverty line are `` poor '' . 
   that `` phenomenon '' where the state is providing help but there are still homeless people is a very high share of homeless people chose to live their life this way . 
   those who are socially excluded have higher rates of drug use , which ultimately makes it even harder for them to get help this however is something that is connected to political will , not to budget issues . 
   i 'm glad you 've decided a 2,4 % increase is enough . 
  instead of taking into consideration what teachers and doctors and nurses etc make in other countries , compared with ppp . 
  literally no country in the world is taking this attempt . 
  it is either wage increases or nothing . 
  we wo n't suddenly lift the pay of teachers to the pay of doctors like it is the case in some counties . 
   then the question arises if they were ever truthful to the german public in the first place through their rhetoric , and thus all the talk about them `` failing '' to meet their own benchmarks is a pointless exercise if the german elites never planned to have them go back in the first place given the treaties being signed . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  ca n't comment on that . 
   i see you use many but not most . 
  is that me overreading your comment to suggest a majority are not well-integrated ? 
  i chose that word intentionally . 
  mainly because i did not want to run into someone with a different interpretation of `` well-integrated '' . 
  i would categorize them into three groups : those who never `` arrived '' in the german culture and stick to themselves , those who are integrated but assimilated , those who are pretty much completely assimilated into the german culture . 
  many immigrants that one person would describe as well-integrated would be seen as `` failed immigration results '' by other people who expect complete assimilation . 
  some poll results : * 54 % of second and third generation immigratants from turkey state that `` whatever they do , they are not recognized as an equal part in the german society '' . 
  * 44 % of the people think that `` they get a fair share ( of what they deserve ) '' [ it is only 24 % for the people of eastern germany ] * 90 % of turkish immigrants like living in germany * 87 % of turkish immigrants feel ( very ) closely connected to germany * 85 % of turkish immigrants feel ( very ) closely connected to turkey * 70 % of turkish immgrants state that they have `` a strong will towards integration '' . 
  * 93 % disagree with the statement `` it is justified to use violence to get the society to follow islamic rules '' . 
   the poverty rate in germany is over 20 percent relative poverty is the key word here . 
   all of which is allocated to the migrants wrong . 
  yes , we used last years surplus to have funds to tackle the refugee crisis ( we did not use this money by the way so far ) . 
  but no , the year before that , our surplus was spent on greek bailout-related things . 
   not to tackling homelessness there is really no reason to be homeless in germany . 
  the people who are homeless essentially are homeless because they chose to be . 
   or drug use this does not even make sense . 
   or increasing civil service wages . 
  their wages are increasing by about 2.4 % a year . 
  which is decent enough and far more than the inflation or even core inflation . 
   there 's very little integration here . 
  if you read what i wrote in other comments , you would see that i said that the integration of turks has in many parts failed and that we therefore take a different attempt with the current refugees . 
  `` she keeps getting in millions '' is a wrong statement since this is simply not true . 
  we admitted over a million people into the country * once * , this will not be repeated . 
  i know , there are reports about a `` few thousand people passing through in the first half of this year '' . 
  however , it is very far away from the levels we saw last year . 
  should something cause the arrivals to reach last year 's numbers , there will be adequate measures taken . 
  if not by us , austria has literally zero intest in similar numbers of refugees passing through their country . 
   the population of germany is 80 million . 
  that is a very dramatic increase , roughly 1.25 % of population , in a very short time . 
  which is why this wo n't be repeated . 
   the usa absorbs usually around .33 % of its population in immigrants every year . 
  at the peak of the us immigration , they absorbed much more than that actually . 
   germany just expects to supply immigrants everything they need to live and then ask them nicely to integrate ... not really . 
   that 's a fair point , but it does n't really excuse the failure on the part of the german authorities . 
  you 'd have to be incredibly na\u00efve to think people would just go back to a country that back then had a gdp per capita 5x lower than germany . 
  no , it does n't . 
  which is why i consider these things mistakes of the past . 
  in fact , the politicians created treaties with turkey ( through the ec/eec ) that made getting rid of these people again pretty much impossible . 
   one can make the same point now with regards to those who peddle the myth of `` temporary resettlement '' , especially when syria is even poorer today compared to germany than turkey was then , but that 's another discussion . 
  as explained , the legal situation is different . 
  let 's not forget that the turks did not come here as asylum seekers ( well most of them ) . 
   do you think her concerns are well-founded ? 
  in part - yes . 
  erdogan rallies in germany really show that something is wrong here . 
  there are subcultures . 
  there are parallel societies . 
  there are people who failed to integrate properly . 
  this does n't apply to all of the turks however . 
  many of them are well-integrated . 
  we cant deny that there are problems however . 
  yes , of course . 
  but it takes both sides . 
  and germany was neither willing to invest into integration nor did they treat the turks like equals . 
   you have absolutely no basis for making that statement . 
  europe have received more immigrants this year than last year ( if compared until august in each year ) . 
  the big push came later . 
  actually i do . 
  it 's called `` closed balkan route '' . 
  and no political will to take in similar amounts of people . 
   and the continuous influx of immigrants into germany can potentially change everything ; customs , state , religion , gender relations , tolerance , social tension and education . 
  as i said , the influx is not sufficient for that . 
   still does n't change that she on one hand talks about the failure of multiculturalism and failed integration , yet admits a record breaking amount of migrants , putting large strains on the german society , as well as the european unity . 
  you do not need much mental gymnastics for that viewpoint . 
  you need to understand that she did not declare having immigrants incompatible with our society , she said that multiculturalism has failed . 
  and by that , they meant the attempt of having multiple subcultures in a country , living next to each other . 
  essentially attempting to manage immigration without integration or assimilation . 
  failed integration - not that surprising given that there were literally no attempts of integrating the turks when they came here in the 60s and 70s . 
  and that 's why our government tries to do the exact opposite when it comes to the current refugee crisis . 
  we are trying to house the people in decentralized ways to prevent the creation of ghettos . 
  we are spending a lot of money , effort and time to integrate these people right from the start . 
  german society - we will have to see how it develops . 
  european unity - forcing a majority decision on the issue was incredibly stupid and has caused a lot of troubles , but it is not in any way related to our experiences of the past . 
   in twenty years time will we have the next chancellor asking people of syrian and iraqi-roots to be loyal to germany , and while the masses continue to occupy the country ? 
  you really stay true to your nickname . 
  in case it escaped you : the number of people from syria and iraq over here is relatively minor compared to the turks , way too low to `` occupy the country '' . 
  and no , the continuous influx into germany is not big enough to change that . 
  the current influx is around 100 people a day . 
  downvoted for facts . 
  never change , / r/europe , never change . 
  not really . 
  the problem was that there were never any serious attempts to integrate these people when they came here because people assumed that they would go back . 
  germany profited immensely off the turks working here - one of the reasons why they could stay permanently is a deal that was made between the ec and turkey decades ago by the way .
