  then you should have a look at specific isds cases . 
  pm v equador for example is such a case . 
  widely cited as a case solely about plain packaging , it actually involves discrimination . 
  equador implemented a law stating that there must only one brand of cigarettes be sold per producer . 
  pm obliged . 
  the local ecuadorian producer however was able to rebrand itself and keep selling mutliple brands . 
  * this * is very obviously discrimination . 
  the case brought by pm even includes a sentence that says ( paraphrased ) : we do not have a problem with health legisaltion , but it needs to be applied equally to everyone . 
   at the very least isds will drain money that could be better spent elsewhere . 
  experience with regular arbitration shows that , starting from a certain amount of money in question , arbitration is cheaper than actual court cases . 
  and for most of the countries involved , 4 millions ( half of the total cost ) is actually a piece of cake . 
  especially considering that you might get it back anyways . 
   besides , if proceedings are before a peasant ... 
  i mean a normal court , everything is subject to public review , while many isds arbitration are done in secrecy , at least until concluded . 
  not the case for ceta or ttip - uncitral transparency rules apply which address the often quoted problem ( and rightfully so ) with a lack of transparency . 
  in fact , uncitral rules are in parts more transparent than regular court dealings ( depending on the country of course ) . 
   i want the bullying of incovenient legislative bodies to be stopped there is no such ` bullying ' in my opinion though ( concerning developed countries ) . 
  less then 10 % of isds cases are adressed at actual legislation and they are very rarely successful . 
   if there needs to be a penalty instituted then so be it but if you have a better suggestion since we have no way to determine whether a case is genuine or just an attempt to exercise pressure , there is no other way . 
  imposing penalties would be unjust as they could punish actors who have done nothing wrong . 
   normal people may fight one or two court battles in their lifetime which is often devastating to ones own finances and sometimes health . 
  i want that a mega-corp has to make a similar `` have my rights be violated to that degree that i risk my share-holders wrath if i lose the case '' consideration . 
  you can make the same argument when talking about regular court cases . 
  there is no way out of this problem . 
   this has more to do with isds `` courts '' being a obscure thing nobody but a few specialized lawyers cared about , imo . 
  people claim to care nowadays . 
  but what i find extremely upsetting - the people that are opposing isds ususally do not have a single clue what isds actually is . 
  they simply lack the knowledge . 
  and people keep criticising ttip while ceta is out and despite being a very similar agreement , people still do not use it to validate their points . 
  partially because ceta shows that their claims are wrong . 
  and this is consistent here on reddit - every discussion about the issue contains a shitload of wrong information . 
  props to you , while i disagree with you fundamentally , you actually dug a lot deeper . 
   and precisely that kind of power imbalance is yet another thing why i do n't like isds courts , it essentially allows our corporations bully weaker nations while they ca n't do it in return . 
  the problem is : these ` weaker nations ' usually have weak judicial systems , as a result these countries are the places where isds is needed the most . 
  because it is always a two-sided deal : there wont be investment without legal security . 
  the alternative to isds is a specific insurance ( that the host state pays ) for the investment which is effectively even more expensive . 
  and these countries can counteract - through their national courts . 
  since the companies will challenge such a decision via isds if the deem it unfair , the countries essentially have a way to ` get their isds case ' . 
   those might file , maybe one two of these cases total while the other 50 % are made up by what , mega-corps ? 
  8 % of isds cases are brought by the 100 biggest companies worldwide . 
  so no , not exactly . 
   i admit i am not comfortable with a judical system that allows people who have no idea about practicing law to make a verdict either so we agree on that one . 
  what about countries with weak judicial systems like greece or italy ? 
  and even in countries with very reliable legal systems - unfortunately , we can not rule out that a judge is biased . 
  even if you try to stay neutral , it can become a bit problematic when a company that is widely disliked ( lets say monsanto ) is suing your own employer for billions . 
   before anyone is allowed to file an isds case , you have exhaust the national court system first , since one court might be biased , i hardly think all of them will be . 
  that 's actually a requirement in many bits . 
  not all of them , but nevertheless . 
   if you feel you have been mistreated regardless , then you can go to the arbitration where the first thing you have to do is prove that you , in fact have not be treated fair and equal . 
  if you fail at that , the case is thrown out entirely and you are stuck with national verdict . 
  i want to do it this way , because a lot of people who argue for isds courts claim they are allegedly impartial , contrary to national courts . 
  i think it is only fair if this needs to be proven first on a case-by-case basis . 
  this is essentially ... what is done right now ? 
  violations of fair and equal treatment rules are pretty much the main point for isds . 
  discrimination is the main issue , not legislation . 
   given the case you mentioned this should be easy enough . 
  and since the walk through the national court is certainly not cheap , i think it 'll be a barely sufficient counter-incentive . 
  it is actually a problem . 
  if you are not allowed to appeal a first decision , you have * not * gone through all layers of national courts . 
  iirc this has also been a defence in the loewen case ( which was eventually dismissed , but for other reasons ) . 
   what ? 
  having some machine parts and a bit of explosives in a military compound ? 
  developing them in the first place . 
  we are not some authoritarian country that is shut off from the world . 
  it is very hard to keep things like this secret . 
  and additionally - without testing of the device and without training to use it , a nuke would be worthless . 
   they are hardened against nbc environments , which indicates they are designed to operate in such environments . 
  now ... why would they be if they are unable to create such environments ? 
  because the use eurofighters in conjunction with tornados is regularly practiced ? 
   or so we want everyone to believe . 
  oh come on . 
  germany is not the only country using typhoons . 
  the uk for example has nukes . 
  it would not have concerned anyone to equip eurofighters to fit nukes . 
   only if you think saving a large part of the population is a primary objective - also nukes are for deterrence , which only works if you are going to destroy enemy cities . 
  this however would any discussion about statehood pointless . 
  it does not matter that you have a territory if it is contaminated . 
   everything a german does not want to consider is a `` conspiracy theory '' nowadays . 
  of course , the urenco centrifuge is being kept around for sentimental reasons - that the company was called nukem before is just a coincidence , and that they still have n't found the five barrels of nuclear material they 've lost in the 1980s does n't raise an eyebrow . 
  rupert scholz was full of shit when he called for officially german nuclear bombs in 2007 - and the french offered us to participate in their arsenal out of pure neighborly friendship instead of preventing us to create our own ... 
  politicians have aimed for nukes since the creation of the bundeswehr . 
  this is no indicator for anything . 
  neither are the other things you are claiming . 
   yeah , it 's not like we are in a war or something . 
  a war many of us refuse to accept , but a war nontheless . 
  it 's a natural law that sometimes , some people just blow themselves up . 
  there 's nothing we need to do about that . 
  this would be assuming that you could fight terrorism with conventional forces . 
  which is not the case . 
   using our fullest capabilities to end isis and other associated extremist groups does not make sense ? 
  it does not . 
  large-scale interventions of the us have not caused al-quaeda oder the talibans to cease to exist . 
  the opposite actually , the notion that us intervention eventually lead to the creation of isis is not that remote . 
  it is not possible to eradicate extremist ideologies with military force . 
  especially not since there are followers of them inside our own borders , with our statehood . 
  yes , isis recieves legitimation through them holding a significant amoung of territory - their `` caliphate '' . 
  but the ideology will continue to exist even without that territory . 
   we 've been called out - and we have shown that we are unwilling to defend ourselves . 
  there is no such thing as `` european defense '' . 
  this statement is nonsense .
