  this analysis falls short . 
  it completely ignores that governmental spending naturally goes up if your economy is shrinking ( unless you cut pensions and stuff immediately ) . 
  i also do not get how he comes to the conclusion that ireland spends less in 2012 compared to ' 08 , [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00023&amp;plugin=1 ) , which he quoted , says otherwise . 
  unless you massively increase pensions and stuff , the gdp growth will often outdo the increase in government spending . 
  alas , the decrease for especially poland which was one of the few countries to have a gdp growth throughout the crisis . 
  `` look , i compared 8 european states with 19 others , two out of these eight dont match my thesis so im gon na ignore them . 
  i am also refusing to take anything but these raw numbers into account '' . 
  i guess we can only hope that it turns out for the better for all parties . 
  im really interested to see how the next few days turn out . 
  btw : germany expects that ceta wont be in place before 2017 . 
  you should probably worry less about us . 
  even if the ` intervention ' in greece proves to be a total disaster , we will probably be somewhat fine . 
  i am more worried about your joe average in that case . 
  people complain about all kinds of stuff . 
  i 'm just gon na go ahead and link an excellent post by / u/savannajeff on the issue : [ click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 ), 
  ceta is finished but needs to be approved by the ep and the ec . 
  it is still unclear whether the eu states need to vote on it as well . 
  according to the ec , it is enough if the eu institiutions ratify it . 
  according to germany and others , a vote from the member states is needed as well . 
  canada has to vote on it as well . 
  some people are calling for a renegotiation because they are unhappy with isds and other things . 
  since i am not mr. sch\u00e4uble , i can not comment on the intention . 
  oh i have heared the news . 
  greek banks running dry . 
  however , there was plenty of time to transfer money elsewhere ( even though doing so is detrimental to the system ) . 
  exactly . 
  even if you are against ttip , there is nothing to worry about . 
  the agreement will still need to be voted on * after * it is finished . 
  * editorialized titles are not welcomed on this sub . 
  in fact , they violate the sub rules . 
  * every agreement that has been negotiated so far has been negotiated in secrecy . 
  and for good reason . 
  * if you hope for discussions , post `` ttip went through the ep '' or something , but dont editorialize . 
  the last paragraph is pretty much what varoufakis suggested in the modest proposal . 
  not going to happen , same for your other proposal . 
  not even the ecb can bend the rules as much as would be required to call this ` legal ' . 
  the ecj would just be waiting do declare this action void . 
  my point is that neither ttip nor isds is bad per se . 
  we do not know what will be part of that agreement , once it is published , you are free to be mad about it and criticize it . 
  however , without that knowledge , it is just non-founded fearmongering . 
  also , i dont like when people put their own opinion into the title . 
  oh , it just happened to save the bank deposits of your people . 
  this is hardly bad news . 
  so what ? 
  there is actually not much to talk about . 
  ttip enemies think the end of the world is near . 
  pro ttip people are probably somewhat happy . 
  generally , this does not mean * that * much , they still have to finish the negotiations . 
  until you see what will be part of the final agreement , it is not really worth commenting . 
  because it prevented chaos . 
  i guess you are tired of hearing it , but it is easier handling a grexit now than it was years ago . 
  so the ` investment ' was certainly worth it so far . 
  i think this concern is valid . 
  europe simply cant afford debt relief for everyone . 
  this however doesnt mean that they dont want to help greece . 
  a debt cut currently for greece would be nonsense anyways , without major effect . 
  sch\u00e4uble is hardly more popular . 
   ralf wintergerst , head of banknote production at giesecke & devrient gmbh , a munich company that has printed banknotes since the days of germany 's reichsmark in the 1920s , said last week . 
  if they print money since then , he should know that it is possible to issue new banknotes within a few days/weeks , although of minor quality . 
  merkel is not the ` problem ' here , the bundestag ` is ' . 
   how can he tell them this now and all these years used their money for a sure ( according to his view ) failure . 
  saying that a debt cut is necessary does not mean that he considers the use of the money a failure . 
  why should it ? 
  a bailout is still somewhat better than bankrupcy . 
  because committing it destroyed any possibility for him to become cdu leader and maybe even chancellor . 
  i would trust him to never engage in corrution again . 
  maybe i just fail to see how bad it was , i was a bit too young when it happened . 
   can they be forced to take yet another , while simultaneously leaving all the troika debt untouched ? 
  likely , yes . 
  however that would completely destroy any trust in greece that is left . 
  meaning that the time until they can return to the capital markets will be prolonged by at least a few years . 
  they would rely on funding from the ez states for decades . 
  it needs a solid basis from the greek side . 
  they need to insure that the money wont be lost in a slump of corruption , nepotism or clientelism . 
  the need to ensure that the legal system protects the investments , it also needs to be a lot faster in dealing with legal cases . 
  furthermore , they need to get their authorities to work faster , better and more efficient . 
  and last but not least the greek labor unions need to contain themselves . 
  earlier attempts of establishing manufacturing in greece were brought down by unreasonable strikes and demands of the unions . 
  unfortunately . 
  this is right . 
  nevertheless germany being in the euro zone also benefitted all of the southern economies for almost a decade by driving down their borrowing cost . 
  ( it is not germanys fault that this served as incentive for overspending ) . 
  after all , the euro was not germanys idea , we were merely forced into it by france . 
  politicians 25 years ago did . 
  was it a mistake ? 
  maybe . 
  is there a way of fixing it ? 
  yes , y&z . 
  is there the political will to implement y&z ? 
  no , neither party wants it . 
  people were hoping that the other steps would be following naturally . 
  they chose the path of least resistance . 
  i agree that growth will be limited at one point . 
  however , we are still far off that point . 
  extremely effective recycling will further increase that limit . 
  what is your point ? 
  i simply said that just because greece might leave the euro , the german industry and especially not the exporting mittelstand will collapse . 
  i think we can both agree that the euro valuation prior to 2008 was too high for most european countries ( i was fortunate and spent my holiday in the us right before the lehman crash , everything was incredibly cheap with a euro valued this high ) , nevertheless germany was exporting . 
  a lot . 
  a grexit wont push the euro to these levels again .
