  that 's not a legitimate argument when talking about human rights . 
  not in the reality either . 
   none of these migrants will be stuck in greece . 
  i doubt that . 
  the last weeks before the turkey deal was struck saw a rapidly increasing number of people `` stuck '' in greece . 
   there are countless ways to exit the country . 
  oh i do not contest that . 
  i do not think that greece can successfully prevent everyone from leaving . 
   you want the turkey deal to fall through because you think greece will suffer that 's where you misunderstood me : i do * not * want the deal to fail . 
  i was in favor of the deal * because * it helps greece . 
   i never said they would stay there forever , they will be deported you talked about fucking boat prisons . 
  since you can not deport to some destinations , you are essentially implying that they will stay there . 
   and why is it important that they get to the greek mainland ? 
  the camps on the islands were continuously overcrowded and were therefore not able to offer humane conditions to the people in there . 
  that 's why bringing people to the mainland was important . 
  you can not really put up a blockade for 3000 islands . 
  cuba is pretty much one big island . 
  greece has 3,051 islands . 
  a hotspot in itself is n't illegal , as long as the people are n't forced to stay there forever . 
  the people in greece were transferred to the mainland after a certain amount of time . 
  there is no point in discussing it since germany ca n't change how much money is granted to asylum seekers . 
  it is already at the bare legal minimum . 
  read my post again . 
  the balkan route being closed pretty much ensures that no people get from greece to northern europe . 
  hence it is `` only '' greece that profits from the deal . 
  honestly , the main thing i am doing here is rejecting measures that would be outright illegal by european or international law . 
  you fail to understand fundamental legal logic . 
  just because we did n't force someone to do something does n't mean that we can treat him or her like shit if he or she still does it . 
  human rights apply , no matter what we do and no matter what the person in question does . 
  forcing people to live in a boat somewhere in the ocean probably would n't be legal for fucking convicted prisoners . 
  for a country with 23 million inhabitants , this really is n't a lot . 
  hence why i wrote `` not that big '' . 
  belgium has less than half the number of inhabitants , yet they had more asylum applications in any given year since 2009 than australia had on its peak . 
  you can are allowed to `` de-facto-emprison '' people for a certain amount of time prior to their scheduled deportation . 
  you can not force people to live in a prison for an unspecified amount of time . 
  you can build floating hotspots to ensure that you track everyone that is getting into your country , you can use them to ensure that people are immediately deported . 
  you can not use them as floating prisons . 
   by building floating hotspots no one will come , they will stay in the liberal concetration camps of turkey . 
  that logic does n't work . 
  shooting everyone that comes here in the face would ensure the same . 
  does not mean that it is legal or should be legal . 
  i obviously am german and thus cant have any humour 2 . 
  i did n't know your account . 
  some people here are dead serious about things like this 3 . 
  i have considered whether it was a joke , but i think i have guessed wrong, 
  it is n't . 
  but it * is * a human right not to be stored in a fucking boat for an extended period of time . 
   care to provide a source if you have time ? 
  ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article157413975/bundespolizei-weist-jeden-zweiten-migranten-zurueck.html )  i know about those numbers , but they 've been wrong since practically forever . 
  they have actually been fairly accurate . 
  you also ca n't go that wrong if you are counting heads on the greek islands . 
   that has nothing to do with easy though , there are separate data for that the numbers you claimed ( 16k ) do originate from the easy system however . 
  the actual number of asylum applications in germany has been much higher due to the large numbers of arrivals in 2015 that have n't been dealt with yet ( we 're pretty much done though ) . 
   i guess but what way ? 
  it is fairly unlikely that there are people coming from the western or eastern side . 
  the border to austria is pretty tightly controlled and austria and switzerland would need to miss the passage of over 10,000 people for that to be the case . 
  which i deem unlikely . 
   that 's debatable . 
  they are not coming from turkey to greece then immediately upstairs , but i think it 's fair to say that people stuck in greece for more than five months now might have crossed the border illegally ( macedonia/albania/bulgaria ) and then travelled up to germany . 
  and then there 's turkey - bulgaria , there 's italy , etc. 
  there have n't been enough people in greece to fuel such an extended number of people coming to germany . 
  human rights . 
   with the `` geilomobil '' i 'm jealous now . 
  why do austrians get the geilomobil when we only get a [ guidomobil ] ( http://i.auto-bild.de/ir_img/5/9/4/6/0/0/das-guidomobil-von-westerwelle-474x316-baedee96d868743b.jpg ) ? 
  would not be legal . 
  it took them two years to build 13.5 km \u00b2 . 
  and we are talking about china here . 
  with european health and safety standards , this would probably take much longer . 
  you should have a look at these islands - they are n't exactly in the conditions to build a city on them . 
  they are also not big enough to host more than a few thousand people . 
  plus it probably is ridiculously expensive to build and maintain . 
  well , good luck finding an island that is not inhabited , not a national park and big enough to house refugees . 
  i doubt you will find many . 
  well , they are free to call for assistance in doing that . 
  it is clear however that we need a mandate for that and they ca n't give a mandate of this kind until they somewhat gained control in their country . 
  yes . 
  the forces in question have practiced and prepared for this task , the eurofighters are in combat-ready condition and we have done this before ( the last time two years ago ) . 
  what island ? 
  i am not aware of an island in the eu big enough to house tens of thousands of people . 
  not even considering that we would need to build the infrastructure first . 
  are you really sure about that ? 
  we indeed had 16k and 16,3 k new additions in the easy system . 
  however , the reported numbers of daily arrivals do not match these numbers : the federal police reported 181 average daily arrivals for april , for july the federal police talked about 1300 people that arrived in bavaria ( which used to be the location for pretty much 90 % of the arrivals ) plus 750 via switzerland . 
  the numbers published by the unhcr match this - the number of arrivals in greece stayed below 1,000 in the whole of july . 
  [ source ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/download.php?id=1793 ) ( warning : its an excel document download ) . 
  this leaves two possible explanations : either , the people that are now being registered have already been in the country ( it is not uncommon that people went somewhere else before they had their appointment with their asylum officer because they want to be somewhere else ) or there are more people entering the country through ways we do not know . 
  we can say for sure that they are n't coming from greece however . 
  you can not `` seal off '' greece honestly . 
   in reality coming from a safe third country is a valid reason to reject asylum . 
  rejecting asylum however wo n't get us anywhere when we can not deport the people . 
   the real reason why people wo n't come to europe from that route anymore is mainly that they ca n't continue from greece because the border is closed . 
  no one is going to waste thousands and thousands of euros to smugglers if they get stuck in greece instead of getting to the high welfare countries in central and northern europe . 
  quite a coincidence then that the numbers of arrivals in greece did drop to their current numbers after the turkey deal was put in place , not after the balkan route was closed huh ? 
  i do not even deny that the balkan closure was the main reason why the streams into the north stopped , but greece still got large numbers of people even after that . 
   personally i think the deal is still easily worth it but same type of agreements need to be set to the italy route because otherwise the next flashpoint will be there . 
  we can not have any kind of working agreement with libya since they do not have their country under control . 
  once they got that , it will very much be sufficient if they control their own coasts and emprison traffickers again . 
   but these are not refugees . 
  does n't matter . 
  human rights apply to anyone and turkey 's territorial integrity is not dependent on the status of these people .
