  that 's insa however . 
  insa gets its data from yougov germany which always produces polling results that are a bit skewed towards populist parties ( linke and afd primarily ) . 
  all other polling agencies report that the cdu/csu is polling between 32 and 34 percent . 
  [ here is an overview over the most recent polls by the seven most important polling agencies in germany ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ ) . 
  sidenote : whilst both being part of the current coalition , the cdu-csu relationship is more than the word `` coalition '' describes . 
  that 's not africa , that 's the au . 
  i love that flag tho . 
   nobody would bother with 28 nations . 
  no non-eu countries would n't be bothered with lack of a free trade deal with latvia - no offense to latvia ! . 
  this makes actually a good point for the eu to stick to the current principle - the `` big '' nations sacrificing easier trade deal to also benefit the smaller nations that have no chance of striking a trade deal is actually a very positive thing . 
  the eu has already negotiated quite a number of trade deals , i would argue that it is not necessarily about being progressive . 
   the article seems to suggest that even if it was a family of 5 with a pram and young children - that the mercedes would opt to save the driver instead . 
  would you buy a car that was programmed to kill you under certain circumstances ? 
   if the software can not be programmed adequately , then the technology should be kept off the roads . 
  the reason why german carmakers have n't released autopilots yet is exactly this . 
  they want to make sure that the car is prepared for such scenarios . 
  ( in fact , german companies hold some ridiculous share of the patents on autonomous vehicles , something around 70 % ) . 
  yes you would and so would i. 
  but not if the alternative is a wall or a big tree . 
  i however doubt that the system will rule out evasion . 
  only if it thinks that evading the pedestrian is too dangerous , it will hit him or her . 
   i like to think i 'd do the same for a cat/dog/deer etc. 
  for cats and dogs - yes . 
  for deer , it is generally more dangerous if you do n't hit it in a straight line . 
  apart from what / u/cocojumbo123 already said , there is / r/europemeta for questions like this . 
  wrong . 
  is n't it the closest to how an average driver would react however ? 
   ( 1 ) ceta level , but more detailed provisions on equivalence for financial services etc ( 2 ) simple agreement for tariff free trade ( with uk unilaterally opening up itself to eu on financial services etc ) ( 3 ) no agreement at all , but uk unilaterally reducing all tariffs and allowing eu to access uk financial markets . 
  ( 4 ) single market . 
  kinda what i expected from you to be honest . 
  do you really think that unilaterally opening the markets is a realistic possibility ? 
   from a negotiating strategy , the uk has to be prepared to walk-away without signing anything . 
  this was cameron 's mistake . 
  the eu always knew he would campaign for remain , so they did n't really need to negotiate . 
  i do n't think that anyone will see this as realistic and i doubt that your politicians will manage to threaten this in a believable way . 
   the way i see it right now is that romania and bulgaria stand in the way of canada getting a fta with actual important european countries while canada could likely give two shits about a fta with romania and bulgaria . 
  i would argue that the states having to vote on it is a bigger hurdle . 
  has n't canada basically given in on the visa demands ? 
   it also will make countries think twice about negotiating a fta with the eu , spending all that time and money and effort only to have it shot down by one of the 28 ( soon to be 27 ) nations that all need to ratify it . 
  depends on whether the eu plans to negotiate ceta/ttip agreements in the future or if they settle with `` normal '' trade agreements . 
  possible , it surely is a tradeoff . 
   as in , you think that the eu would not agree to doing a deal with the uk that only affects eu competences and not national competences ? 
  the member states would not agree i guess . 
  see reasons below . 
   if this is a case i see a trade deal between the uk and the eu as unlikely . 
  i do n't see this as necessarily a bad thing ( i am not a fan of the single market ) . 
  i know you are n't a fan of the single market , but i seriously doubt that you would be sastisfied with wto levels of access . 
  in my opinion , the uk will at least aim for a deal on the ceta level , if not more . 
  this would be justified given that the uk is much more important to the eu than canada and vice versa . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  as a priority thing you are right , but do n't forget that these `` countries you do n't care about '' have a gdp twice as big as canada 's own gdp . 
  it is quite a big market . 
  surely does n't hurt to have access there . 
   ( that is the approach i think the uk should take . ), 
  i doubt that the eu will agree on this . 
  if there is one country where it is impossible that everything is agreed upon by everyone - it is the uk . 
   the eu has negotiated on it 's own trade deals since 2009 without any problem , this is just a concession to the populist backlash . 
  you should really read up on the special issues surrounding mixed agreements . 
  the previous agreements did not affect the competences of the national states , ceta does . 
   the french , do n't talk me about those , it seems as if the irrationality comes with the language , the wallonian politicians are opposing ceta because it is n't transparent . . though it 's already public add a bit of `` but le cows '' and you arrive to the conclusion that western europe is n't rich thanks to multinationals . 
  it does not matter why they oppose it , what matters is that they advocated for letting the states vote on it . 
   and you know as well as i do that had she opposed the devolution trade would still be in the hands of the commision and parliament . 
  this would be wrong from a legal perspective however . 
  i am pretty confident that our constitutional court would have struck down the deal if our parliament did n't get to vote on it . 
  unfortunately , there is no easy way out of this . 
  we could transfer the power to act on the area that are not covered yet to the eu - but that would not be good , some of these areas affect the core of the states , there are good reasons why these powers have stayed with the states in the first place . 
  probably , we should split the deals in half - make one part eu only and one other part that needs approval by the domestic governments . 
  yeah sure , blame it on merkel . 
  because why not , it 's so easy to blame everything on her . 
  ignore that asking the states here is the proper way to handle an agreement of this kind since it affects areas of policy that the eu has no power on . 
  ignore that it has in fact been not only merkel but in fact the whole german government * and * the german parliament * and * the french government plus quite a few other actors saying that every eu member has to vote on this . 
  ignore that there have been legal scholars arguing the same . 
  as i have already said , if your intent is signing a trade deal with every european country , this is probably still the most efficient way to do it . 
  i would argue that the people who are responsible for the legislation that makes trade deals a responsibility of the eu did not have mixed deals in mind . 
   the political point he is making is also very interesting . 
  the canada deal is a bit of a test case for the eu . 
  if it falls over at the last hurdle it is going to make those countries currently negotiating deals a bit more worried . 
  and it will make other countries less inclined to begin the process . 
  possible , but still unlikely in my opinion . 
  i think the significant change would be that the new trade deals would aim at only affecting eu competences , thus not needing a vote in the national parliaments . 
  it will stay impossible . 
  the french have tried very hard to make this an exclusive competence of the eu and i do not see a reason for them to change their position here . 
  what you are demanding has in fact been one of the points brexiters have been very vocal about - yet the eu did not give in on the issue . 
  it probably would take canada much longer to negotiate a trade deal with each of the 27/28 nations in the eu . 
  experienced negotiators are only available in limited numbers , it is unlikely that they could handle even ten countries at the same time . 
  additionally , the switzerland/china deal is n't even close to ceta in terms of affected issues or volume . 
   the most important nations in this future force will be in order of importance germany , france , italy , spain , benelux , austria , portugal . 
  you should switch up germany and france . 
  the french military is much more important than the german one . 
  also better equipped in some areas and combat experienced . 
  did i talk about a disaster ? 
  i simply argued that it will probably be a net loss in the beginning , who knows what happens afterwards . 
  i for one am looking forwards to cheaper imports from the u.k. and it will certainly be very pleasant to see the cost of visiting your wonderful country declining . 
  it actually is an important distinction . 
  the polices in saxony got a lot of flak in recent times , there is no need to present it in a way that they are seemingly accountable for things they had no responsibility for . 
   why would you do this ? 
  the value of a currency in relation to other currencies is not the only relevant factor . 
  a currency depreciation is more complex than that . 
  true . 
  you can not ignore either side , you are correct .
