  of course it will be through negotiation . 
  but since the uk has more to lose than the eu has to gain in these negotiations , it depends on the eu how much they are willing to ` concede ' towards a uk that left the eu ( or is in the process of doing so ) . 
  just for the sake of self-protection . 
  as i have mentioned in another discussion with you , the eu would essentially sign its own death sentence if it allowed the uk to cherrypick the benefits of the eu while getting rid of all burdens in this process . 
  being humane does not contradict ` responsible governance ' . 
  refugees have never been and should not be about ` benefits ' . 
  [ the indians seriously do not give a fuck ] ( http://img.welt.de/img/vermischtes/crop141535832/5716933985-ci3x2l-w900/indischer-eis-dealer-verkauft-hitler-eiswaffeln.jpg ), 
  its a pretty bad analogy . 
  if you catch the flu , your own sickness does not decrease if you are spreading it . 
  also , refugees do not make a country ` sick ' , especially not when we are talking about the relatively low amounts meant for eastern europe . 
  it still * is * voluntary , but it is acceptable to exercise political capital and pressure to get them to agree to it . 
  comparing refugees to the flu is not only wrong , it is misanthropic . 
  plus , by the way , expressing disagreement is not the purpose of the downvote-button . 
  merkel has publically stated weeks ago that a deal with turkey could ( or rather would likely ) include resettlements from turkey to europe . 
  we are not imposing our constitution on anybody . 
  we are simply trying to convince other countries to accept refugees to reduce the pressure on our own country ( and sweden , austria , the netherlands , greece and until recently hungary ) because we believe that sharing the burden would be fair . 
  all attempts to alleviate the pressure off some countries were shot down . 
  people tend to forget that e.g. 
  the last resettlement attempt was meant to take people * from * hungary , yet they opposed it . 
  because we believe that it would be a fair solution . 
   if the uk leaves , then other countries will be willing to follow suite . 
  i 'd say the other countries would wait a few years and judge based on how the uk develops outside the eu and what kind of deal the eu gave to the uk . 
  well , accepting refugees has never been a choice from our side , our constitution obliges us to do so . 
  and i dont think that it is wrong . 
   what are you going to do , let them freeze in the swedish winter and tell them `` you should have stayed in bulgaria - no housing or food for you '' ? 
  government agencies can be incredibly cold-hearted . 
  if there is no legal provision for it , they wo n't be able to pay anything to them , even if they wanted . 
  its pretty simple . 
  all they would get is a train ticket back to their registered country . 
   so , european solidarity only extends to foreigners ? 
  the other european nations are foreigners as well . 
   no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm opposed to it being treated as something we must do as opposed to something completely voluntary that we are doing as charity . 
  we are not talking about * having * to do it but about this being benefitial in the end . 
  if we end up taking in 500k while preventing 1 million other people from coming here through cooperation with turkey , it is worth it . 
   this is a governmental problem absolutely , more of the budget needs to be allocated towards these things . 
  personally i would rather help hungry greeks than hungry refugees . 
  we can help both but the hungry greeks ( or brits , or spaniards etc ) should come way before and i 'm not seeing that . 
  but this is never going to happen . 
  your government would be able to allocate more money to feed the poor , but they are choosing not to do that . 
  this is in no way caused by anything refugee-related . 
  you can organize this on a paneuropean level , preventing these people from being able to work or claiming benefits in another country . 
  unemployment actually does not really matter . 
  the point in taking in refugees is not enhancing your economical situation , this is what regular migration is for . 
  if you can get some refugees into work , great , but it certainly is not the point of it . 
  [ article on crime rates ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151113/police-refugees-commit-less-crimes-than-germans ), 
  your country is for good or ill tied to germany , especially economically . 
  leaving the eu would not be a smart move . 
  the point is not in outmaneuvering erdogan but to come to a deal that is benefitial for both sides . 
   and yet , we still have countries in the eu in economic shambles . 
  this does not matter ? 
   additionally , in the uk 3/4 of new jobs created since 1997 have gone to foreign born people so it is more competition for low skilled workers . 
  i 'd like a source on that and stats on whether these jobs could have been filled with natives . 
   i 'm not opposed to taking refugees , i 'm opposed to the numbers . 
  actually your other argumentation string indicates that you are entirely opposed to taking in refugees . 
  if you are consequent in your way of thinking , every refugee takes money that you could ` use to feed your poor ' ( even though you should know that you would n't do it even if you had the money for it ) . 
  of course there are legal handles to stop this . 
  simply not paying benefits to people who leave their district . 
  this only works if done on a pan-european level , but it certainly can work . 
   immigrants in germany are overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  in berlin , young male immigrants are three times more likely to commit violent crimes than their german peers . 
  [ 17 ] the crime rate of immigrants is at first glimpse about 5 times higher than that for germans ( 4.9 : 1 ) syrian refugees are actually underrepresented in crimes , they actually commit less crimes than the native population . 
  now what ? 
  it 's kind of sad that laughable numbers of refugees ( < 5000 ) could prompt people to vote against something that is profitable for them . 
  nationalism 101 : all money for own ` citizens ' ( ironically the money usually ends up with friends of the govt . 
  ) , nothing for anybody else . 
   that 's quite a lot of money especially when our own member states are struggling actually it 's not much money , especially not for the whole eu given a joint gdp of over 17 trillion dollars . 
  it looks way more than it is . 
  it is like a third of german surplus . 
  money certainly is n't the problem . 
   did i say that ? 
  i do n't think i said that . 
  what i was trying to convey is that money is a finite resource and it could be better used to assist our own struggling more . 
  any money used on refugees is less money to help our poor . 
  i had the feeling you were implying that . 
  the argument is nonensual as not accepting refugees does not improve the situation for the poor significantly . 
  if you take these people from turkey , of course we get to decide the terms . 
  there is a huge difference between a pretty much uncontrolled flow and orderly resettlement . 
   slow down refugees , do n't keep them there . 
  allowing the send-back treaty with turkey to enter into force earlier would pretty much mean that they keep them there . 
   yet all concentrated and not spread out , hence such percentages are completely useless in shaping such an image . 
  when we are talking about resettlement that is done on our terms ( as it is innate to resettlements ) , the people will be concentrated/spread out as we wish . 
   it 's much too high . 
  it is not . 
  you can talk about ` much too high ' when you get swedens or germany 's levels , but certainly not 500k for the whole eu . 
   500k is quite a lot to feed , house , educate , police , provide healthcare to etc not really . 
   since we 've some of our own people to take care of who are in desperate poverty . 
  nobody talks about cutting benefits for them for the sake of supporting refugees . 
  dont fool yourself - the payments to these people would stay the same , no matter whether there are refugees or not . 
   500k s much too high . 
  500k is a joke given the population of the eu . 
  it would be less than 0.1 % . 
  annotated does not mean that a pre-defined opinion is written but that the historical context is given . 
  it never was banned . 
  it was just a copyright issue ( admittedly involving a state govt . 
  i have heared about similar stuff concerning india 1 . 
  churchill was evil 2 . 
  germany fought churchill 3 . 
  germany 's aggressiveness played a part in the uk giving up india 4 . 
  nazi germany was n't that bad , was it ?
