  asides from a fear of incompatibility , he mainly feared for a loss of french influence . 
   even though many of us mainland europeans wish to see them out of the eu , it is a kind of duty for our politicians to do everything they can to maintain the british population within a `` yes-to-eu '' mood , while we , 6 founding member nations , go on with the ez . 
  this is pretty much what junckers position is , the two speed union compliments that . 
  this is only possible if you really have zero interest in politics . 
  the eu is too good of a scapegoat to remain unknown . 
  as far as i am concerned , the uk does n't want to become switzerland 2.0 - they want to have a ` british model ' . 
  they just use it as an example to show that claims that it is impossible to prosper outside the eu are wrong . 
  i think if there is one country to accomplish not hearing about the eu , it has to be the uk . 
  they do not share the currency , they have opt-outs on various areas , they are not part of schengen and they are very focussed on internal issues . 
  still , i find it to be a very remote thought that someone does n't know about this at all . 
  i have to admit that it was really handy for this that the eurobarometer gives [ this table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d9mtzpd.jpg ) next to [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/poxr28p.jpg ) . 
  kill me nevertheless . 
  what sane person even goes through 230 page documents . 
  it certainly has n't stopped people from bullshitting about statistics so far . 
  the german divergence is within the range of statistic inaccuracy though , the french numbers are entirely unmatched in the eu . 
  the number of meps does not matter by the way , actually we are underrepresented in the eu . 
  as it should be actually . 
  maybe the french leadership should re-think their position on strasbourg . 
  despite strasbourg being the formal main parliamentary seat , the french severely underperform on the second question . 
  then i have to presume that you either live under a rock or that you are very young . 
  who is ` we ' ? 
  you do n't have a flair . 
   switzerland is n't on the agenda of britons if there is one country the uk should know about , it is switzerland as it is frequently quoted in the brexit discussion as an example of a prospering country that is not part of the eu . 
  they joined 2013 , so it was before the last poll even . 
  the sample size for finland was 1013 . 
  this means that , with a certainty of 95 % , the result ( + -3 % ) is accurate . 
  given these numbers , it is possible that the knowledge did not change at all . 
   are my fears reasonable ? 
  they are not . 
  while the threat of terrorism is real in our days unfortunately , the risk of dying due to a terrorist attack is very slim . 
  if you took that approach in every area of your life , you should lock up yourself in your room and have someone watch you 24/7 . 
  just because there are people dying in car crashs every day , you do n't stop using your car . 
  everything in life is connected to some risk , but terrorism is one of the least significant threats . 
  go out and enjoy the music . 
  sidenote : if i was to die , i would prefer to die by a terrorist attack that happened while i was doing something i am passionate about and that i love rather than dying a regular death after a life where i did not experience much joy because i was afraid of some abstract danger . 
  [ here are the results by question and country if anybody is wondering ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4cgsytp.jpg ), 
  [ census 2011 in spain ] ( http://www.ine.es/en/censos2011_datos/cen11_datos_inicio_en.htm ), 
  i dont know if they do it in your country . 
  it might be prevented by some law . 
  but at least in germany , it is completely legal and pretty common . 
  the only downside is that you cant compile your own car ( color , equipment , motor etc. ), 
  - you have to buy it as you see it . 
  ( i do n't know how common it is in the uk to compile your own car , it is relatively uncommon in the us . ), 
  it depends on the car maker and other things . 
  for example bmw : they own most of the biggest stores themselves , but the majority of car dealerships is independent ( but they still sell only bmws and affliated brands like mini or rolls-royce ) . 
  and even then there are differences . 
  the car dealers of some brands merely act as agents for the car maker , where they sell you the car but your contract is directly with the car maker . 
  other car dealers buy the cars from the car maker and sell them to you . 
  it 's pretty complicated actually . 
  there are three parties involved : the customer , the car dealer and the car company . 
  the benefits for the customer are obvious . 
  benefits for the car dealer : * some car makers limit the rebates the car dealers can grant on new cars to prevent a price war amongst car dealers . 
  this can be circumvented as these rules dont apply to ` used ' cars . 
  * car dealers usually have a minimum number of cars that they have to sell within a certain period of time to get access to better conditions from the car maker . 
  ordering larger amounts of cars at once also results in lower prices . 
  one-day registrations make the offers more attractive to the customers and thus they will sell more cars . 
  * sometimes , the car makers offer increased commissions for cars registered within a certain period of time . 
  what matters is only how many cars are registered , not how many are sold . 
  benefits for the car maker : * one day registrations make it possible to react to low demand without having to modify the official price , allowing them to sell cars at the regular price once the demand increases again . 
  * some statistics ( e.g. 
  breakdown statistics by automobile clubs ) require a certain number of cars registered per year . 
  since it is very important publicity-wise to be in these statistics , one day registrations can be a handy way to reach the numbers . 
   unemployment in the borough reaches almost 100 percent holy fuck . 
  it is common practice for car makers to register a vehicle for one day and then sell it at a huge discount as a used car . 
  they dont lose money by doing so , they just make less money . 
  unfortunately its hit or miss . 
  there is no reliable way to ensure that the right people are selected . 
  thats not the message i wanted to send . 
  i enjoy holidays as much as everybody else does . 
  but a weekend off doing nothing is far more relaxing than thanksgiving or christmas , thats why i would hesitate to put them into the same ` holiday ' category as they are naturally more stressful . 
  i ai n't even saying that family or children are awful , it is just that they often create some kind of stress ( be it just in the sense that you have more people to take care of ) . 
  the ` going back to work ' part was just feeding the stereotype \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   well , thanksgiving is not really a holiday here . 
  but is n't it true ? 
  i think a lot of people from all over the world can relate that events like this involving a big meal ( turkey or whatever ) and family ( preferably involving in-laws and toddlers ) are amongst the most stressful things in the world ( or at least they can be ) . 
  in my experience , thanksgiving and christmas are days full of work rather than ` days off ' . 
  especially when you 're having family over . 
  going back to work afterwards is almost relaxing and way less stressful . 
   enjoy the warmth and cheer of a massive feast and booze fest . 
  you mean like the average thursday evening over here ? 
  asides from the fact that you editorialized the title : no ? 
  the reasoning is completely different ? 
  it actually does not matter the slightest who gave that hint . 
  the main thing this shows is that , if agencies work together , they are able to prevent terrorism in some cases . 
  which is why the goal for europe should be increasing the cooperation of the intelligence agencies and not increasing their power and rights . 
  we can be thankful that it was possible to prevent this , but it simply does not matter who gave the hint . 
   absolutely , you fucking idiot . 
  actually , he would n't . 
  can we please stay realistic ? 
  nobody gets jailed for shouting this in public . 
  at least not first time offenders . 
  as shown by recent cases , someone getting a prison sentence for this requires said person to repeatedly state it in public , preferable in a newspaper or something equal in addition to previous ( monetary ) fines for the violation of this law . 
  depending on how you design that second house and especially depending on who sits in there , it can produce excellent aswell as horrible results . 
   the smaller parties they work with have little to nothing to say about things , ca n't effectively veto , and are overall just padding you do realize that the fdp has significantly punched over weight for the first five decades in this country ? 
  they were constantly overrepresented in the government and they were able to secure pretty important ministries every time . 
   ideally , the two or three most-voted parties should be forced to work together , not cherry-pick their partners from the rabble to one-up the rest . 
  this wont run , given the polarization of the system . 
  currently , this would be spd&cdu plus either afd or linke , neither of which would be compatible with the government . 
  if it was modelled after their standards and they have a way to prevent lowering of these standards , maybe they would . 
  because it wont work in other systems .
