  since they are more pro-western than russia , i would argue that we have more in common with them as well . 
   the argument is that ukraine will be fucked , also there are moral and environmental issues . 
  sure . 
  but we have no obligations towards ukraine . 
  and south stream , which your country supported , together with most other eastern european nations , would have had the same effect on ukraine . 
   this will not be sorted until the whole eu gets one price and without restriction to re-export . 
  i am completely in favour of this and i am upset about my country partially blocking efforts to do so . 
  you are completely changing the topic of this . 
  there are fair concerns about energy security for eastern europe , about russia ripping them off due to a weak negotiating position . 
  this does n't change the fact that russia has been and is a reliable partner on gas for us . 
  not the point of this comment chain . 
  the argument is whether russia is a reliable partner on gas for us - well , yes they are . 
  and it 's also not that easy . 
  germany , whether we like it or not , is reliant on russian gas . 
  is n't that the argument against ns2 ? 
   i am just countering the claim that russia is n't or has n't been a reliable partner on gas for us . 
  dislike the country as much as you want , this is a simple fact . 
   technically you want to supply money to the country that threatens the eastern europe we supply that money no matter what . 
  it does n't make a difference whether that gas flows through ukraine or the north sea in this regard . 
  the only difference is us not having to pay transit fees to you . 
  haha , no worries . 
  and quite honestly , i 'm not really a fan of german dominance in europe either . 
  i want a fair distribution of power in the eu . 
  due to sheer size and power , germany will stay the dominant power in the eu for the forseeable future , but e.g. 
  france stepping up , forcing us to compromise will be good for everyone in the long run . 
  one of the main problems is that eastern europe does n't really have such an advocate in the eu . 
  until the eastern nations joined , france somewhat represented the south while germany did the north . 
  you guys do not fit in either group . 
   your comment can be interpreted ( within context ) as claiming ns2 is an european project opposed mostly by v4 . 
  i did not mean to indicate this . 
  it is very firmly a german project with the participation of several other european countries , mainly serving our own interest . 
  everything else would be a lie . 
   in fact is `` mostly '' a ruso-german project and opposed by more countries than the ones approving it . 
  i would actually argue that many countries are indifferent about it . 
  when it comes to the number of countries , it is possibly more opposition than agreement . 
  in terms of citizens , it is a different story . 
   russia is not a reliable partner any more after the country gets sanctions for killing europeans and meddling in other country 's elections . 
  again , there is no reason for us to doubt russias reliablity when it comes to gas . 
  i agree that their government has been horrible for a while now and that they can not be trusted on a variety of issues . 
  but gas is not one of them for us ( different for you of course ) . 
   the only time that gas delivery to germany was hindered , it was russia that cut it off trying to impose its conditions on ukraine . 
  exactly . 
  i am talking about that . 
  this is one of the reasons why people here advocate for ns2 - we want to cut out any possible obstructions of the deliveries . 
  well ... 
  i guess we are at the point where we agree . 
  there is nothing more to argue about . 
  south stream was cancelled by [ putin ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30283571 ) after bulgaria stopped building due to eu ( and us ) intervention . 
  the court case was n't concluded , but experts agree that it would have been successful . 
  in terms of gas alone , russia has been a reliable partner for germany . 
  for decades actually , there was n't a diffference between putins ' russia , any former russian president or even the soviet union in this regard . 
  the only time that gas delivery to germany was hindered , your country was directly responsible . 
  yes , south stream is in violation of eu law . 
  the european commission started a case against bulgaria in 2014 for the violation of eu law . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you want to tell me . 
  it were n't the meps who shut down south stream , their vote did not have any legal force . 
  what you are quoting is the stance of the european parliament on this , it 's just that they do not have any power over this . 
   also what you copied seems to be only semantics it 's a solid legal argument . 
  if ns2 was in violation of eu law - trust me , it would have been shut down already . 
  because germany supported south stream as well . 
  ns2 does n't run on european soil . 
   for some , this agreement would be the only option to limit moscow 's influence , as the commission has no other legal instrument to block the plan . 
  the executive 's legal service concluded that the eu 's third energy package , aimed at introducing some safeguards to limit gazprom 's power , did not apply to offshore projects such as nord stream 2 . 
  the senate enacted sanctions against pipelines with russian participation in general , not explicitly against ns2 . 
  if you want to call that `` opposing ns2 '' , fine . 
  denmark is n't opposing ns2 generally , they just want the eu to put it on hold until they have decided on it and issued ( or not issued ) the legal documents required for it . 
  italy 's current position on ns2 remains unclear . 
  renzi opposed it in the end of 2015 , but there is no word from the current government on this . 
  croatia 's exact position on this remains unclear . 
  according to some sources , croatia signed a later version of the letter opposing ns2 , but there has been little public communication about it . 
  south stream was n't stopped because of sanctions . 
  south stream was in violation of eu laws ( germany supported ss by the way ) , ns2 is n't . 
  that 's a gross simplification that does n't reflect reality . 
  i would argue so , yes . 
   but i will hold my judgement about him when/if he becomes the chancellor or the fm . 
  for now i will remain sceptical . 
  spd has always been quite strongly russian-friendly . 
  fair enough . 
   as for ecb - i 'm not saying that it is controlled by germany , but that does n't mean there is n't a strong influence of germany . 
  pretty much every single step the ecb has taken during the last six years has been opposed by the german political class . 
  we are used to an independent central bank and we do not seek to interfere with their decisions as long as the ecb is acting within the boundaries of the mandate . 
  sure , we have been critical of it , but that 's about it . 
  has n't stopped the ecb from doing what it 's doing . 
   the current balance of the eu simply works like that , germany is too strong . 
  and in the case of energy policy it 's even worse . 
  the biggest counter-balances - france , italy and spain - are n't any more likely to care abou ee 's energy security . 
  the uk which has always been quite supportive of ee position is leaving the eu . 
  this does n't make me one very trusting of any future common eu energy policy . 
  our views will simply be totally under-represented . 
  you would need to implement safeguards that ensures that the necessary steps are taken . 
  you can also implement automatisms . 
  here is the full comment :  `` we are aware of the draft legislation before the congress . 
  it is important for possible new measures to be coordinated between international partners to ensure their impact internationally , and to maintain unity among partners on the sanctions , '' the eu spokesperson told interfax on friday . 
   `` we will continue to closely follow developments in the congress in this regard , '' the spokesperson said , commenting on the draft legislation imposing new sanctions on russia endorsed by the u.s. senate on thursday . 
  what do you expect ? 
  the eu wo n't `` condemn '' the us for doing it , unlike the us president , our guys actually know the importance of not attacking your allies in public . 
  call it whatever you want , i have a legitimate reason to write that the commission has been critical of the senate decision . 
  this is unrelated to the us/selected european countries relationship . 
  the german government is pissed . 
  it would call this damage to the relationship .
