  i simply stated that the parties who take the same or a more liberal stance than merkel got 2/3 of the vote . 
  the liberal democrats ( who are free of suspicions of being far right ) have been against merkels policing as well . 
   another question : how a new party could make more than 50 % on the first election ? 
  nobody expects them to , including me . 
  in fact , i have written roughly the same sentence elsewhere . 
  it however is wrong to interpret too much into this . 
   i think that 12-24 % is already huge . 
  24 % is , 12 % is n't . 
  reasoning : we had a similar issue over 20 years ago , in the 90s . 
  the last refugee crisis in germany , with people from the balkans coming here . 
  there was a party similar to the afd today , the republicans . 
  they immediately reached 12 % as well ( coincidentally in one of the states that voted yesterday ) but disappeared quickly once the matter was resolved . 
  no party , including the afd , wants to throw out the people who are already here with a valid claim for asylum/refugee status . 
  pretty much all parties ( apart from the * linke * ) want to deport the people that have been rejected . 
  the same goes for the fact that most of the refugees will have to leave once the situation in their home country gets better . 
  and they have the vast majority of the population behind them when saying these things . 
  it is really only the issue of people coming here that is up for debate . 
  you do n't wan na start this discussion all over again , do you ? 
  what matters is that this policy is actually helping * nobody * but greece . 
  which makes it a staunch pro-greece policy . 
  and this is shown , tsipras is voluntarily backing it . 
  everything else does not matter . 
  i have different information about that . 
  we will have to wait until the negotations in the next weeks . 
  in a situation that has no middle ground , you can not compromise . 
  borders are either closed or open , there is no third way . 
  that 's why a turkey deal could fix these issues . 
  it does not make sense to cross european borders when you are sent back to turkey immediately . 
  it 's actually impressive that people seem to think that merkel is against the border closure because we are eager to have even more refugees . 
  oh , and of course she only wants them so she can distribute them to other european countries to initiate a cultural suicide . 
  the last time i checked , merkel was still in power , had approval ratings that were pretty okay and her party was still polling the best by a large margin . 
  it actually is exactly how democracy is working . 
  20 % is admittedly impressive , but it gets let impressive when you have a little background knowledge . 
  if you look at the federal level , the afd is sitting at roughly 10 % . 
  if you look at previous elections in the state where they reached 23 % , you will see that it is one of the few states where the neo nazi party made it into the parliament ( npd ) . 
  if you transfer a large chunk of these votes to the afd and add protest votes that were previously going to the left party , it does n't seem so unlikely anymore . 
  it is unlikely that they can repeat this success in west german states . 
  merkel does have a plan , it is just a more complicated one that plain border closure . 
  we will not see ` several million ' people enter germany . 
  and no , it is pretty much impossible that a singe issue party gets 50 % . 
  the afd is still not electable for a majority of germans . 
  and a majority wanting fewer refugees does not contradict merkels policies , merkel wants fewer refugees as well . 
  the difference is that she wants to solve this in a way that does n't fuck over greece . 
  over two thirds of votes went to parties that support merkels policy . 
  why would you change your policy based on a frightened minority when you believe that your own solution will work but just need more time . 
  actually no . 
  the average voter wo n't care * why * there are less arrivals , he will only care * that * there are less arrivals . 
  and we do have a lot less arrivals since the border closures . 
  merkel even acknowledged that . 
  from a purely national standpoint , everything is fine now and we could move on . 
  but from a european standpoint , it is unworthy to let greece fall . 
  this is the sole reason why we are opposed to unilateral border closure . 
  it 's not like we are saying : `` oh no these countries stop our precious refugees from coming here !, 
  let them through ! '', 
  many people also simply do n't know that : `` why are n't u using facebook messenger but what 's app '' `` because i am afraid of facebook reading my messages '' . 
  you seem to be really upset that i dont agree with you . 
  and i seriously have no reason to do so . 
   guess we disagree on the definition of closed . 
  anyone who - according to standard laws - is allowed to cross the border can do so without any issue . 
  for me this is not closed ( like between north and south korea ) but a regulated border just as almost every border in the entire world is . 
  well , i guess we could both agree on the term `` closed for refugees '' . 
   i agree that communication ahead of time is important . 
  the loss of trust between european countries in the last half year is saddening - unfortunately merkel simply was a major contributor to start the distrust . 
  agreed . 
  forcing a majority decision was probably the worst thing merkel did in this crisis . 
  it was utterly stupid and destroyed a lot of trust while using an extremely large amount of political capital . 
  and in the end - it was for nothing as the relocation scheme is not working for some reason ( well , it 's not ee that is to blame here . 
  i actually do not know who is to blame for it ) . 
   what i mean is for merkel to acknowledge that many ( if not most ) european countries disagree with her policy . 
  i can ensure you that merkel is aware of this . 
  this however will not stop her from attempting new solutions . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  it is better than just closing borders and seeing greece run into more and more trouble . 
   i agree that blindly following dublin rules is not a solution , but as long as a new solution has not been agreed upon one can not force other countries to accept a policy they have not signed up for . 
  of course . 
  and nobody is doing so . 
  the turkey deal is just a proposal so far . 
  we * will * exercise political pressure , for certain . 
  but that 's the name of the game . 
  nobody is forced to accept it . 
   in other words either everyone follows the dublin/schengen rules until a new solution has been found or the sovereignty of each country over borders is reinstated until a new deal has been found . 
  well , austria is violating these rules by transferring people directly to germany . 
  greece is violating the rules if someone leaves their soil . 
  the problem is that we ( as destination countries ) can not realisticly enforce dublin . 
  for a single reason : we can not deport to greece even if we wanted to . 
  the only thing that we could potentially do is close our border . 
  and this is a tough challenge with a border this large and given that we do not want to hinder the cross-border commute . 
   it simply can not be that germany unilaterally ( ok , france and austria initially were on board ) sets a new refugee policy and then expects everyone to fall in line . 
  elaborate please . 
   the only sustainable solution is anyway to bring peace and prosperity to war torn countries . 
  let 's hope there finally will be some progress in this regard . 
  i would argue that an agreement with turkey would solve most of our problems . 
  and the thing is that this would be short-term . 
  you are absolutely correct that peace is the only sensible option but it can be nothing but a long-term solution . 
  at least the current truce seems to be pretty solid . 
  refugees are already treated worse than nationals . 
  and there is good reason for that ( this does not mean that refugees should be treated badly ) . 
  the only people that are treated like regular citizens are people from other eu states . 
  trust me , i would prefer if we did not need any of these mechanisms . 
  but if there is a need for it to ensure that this works , we will have to do it .
