  we are seen as a bully as well . 
  we are in the position we are in because we have the most powerful economy and the highest headcount in the eu , not because people like us so much or because our culture is so influential . 
  and no , even without these hard powers , you can not deny the global influence of american culture . 
  where 's the issue ? 
  there is no legal ensurance , this is true . 
  but there is a factual insurance that the eu will stick to its promises . 
  because if it did n't , it would be pretty much ensured that the uk would leave . 
   soft power is more about influence than military or economic power i am aware of what ` soft power ' is . 
  yes , we were able to have our way in the eu in the last decade . 
  but this is a * global * ranking . 
  the us overtakes us in pretty much every non-governmental area - their culture is incredibly influential around the world . 
  starting from music over lifestyle towards the technical revolution . 
  and even when it comes to diplomacy - the us has enough ` hard ' backing for their diplomacy to make it much more powerful than ours . 
  if you look at our diplomatic efforts in the world - we prefer to take the role as a mediator . 
  and even inside the eu - the uk and eastern europe seem to follow the us more than they are following germany . 
  even if greece regains access , i do not think it will be a feasible option as the interest rates will be too high . 
  our power is limited to the eu . 
  outside the eu , we are focusing exclusively on trade . 
  on the world stage , the us is significantly more powerful than we are . 
  in pretty much all areas . 
  germany in front of the us ? 
  [ 1,59 $ ] ( https://youtu.be/3we7apsesly?t=14s ), 
  honestly , there is no need for radical groups of any kind . 
  no developed society would accept foreign rule in this day . 
  source please . 
   intentionally destroying a country that 's a very bold claim . 
  which i think is inaccurate . 
  their policies might have failed in some ares , but there is no malicious intent . 
   the banks made a horrible decision , and now the greek people are being made an example of as a result . 
  they could have defaulted . 
  which would have been even harder . 
   you 're referring to the hyperinflation of the 20 's i am not . 
   started to recover during the late 30 's and unemployment was lowered this alone does not explain the gnp per capita being so much higher than the one of france . 
  only the massive government spending does . 
  this is completely unrelated to unemployment rates . 
  there 's even a precedent . 
  in 1832 , greece got a german king who tried to establish a german system of governance in greece ( he even brought bavarian civil servants with him ) . 
  the result were guerilla warfare and him leaving the country in 1863 . 
  in fact , the current parliament building in greece originates from that rule . 
  not entirely . 
  yes , the institutions ( ` troika ' ) have a lot of power in the greek policymaking currently . 
  but still , many policy areas are completely untouched and theoretically , the greek government could decide to default to get rid of the troika . 
  it 's just that they do not want that . 
  how so ? 
  the eu would have preferred nd to stay in power . 
  syriza certainly was n't the eus choice . 
  the idea alone is ridiculous . 
  the greek people naturally do not want a foreign government . 
  nobody would want that . 
  and rightfully so . 
  also : what would be the point of it ? 
  the troika pressures the greek government because they want to create a way to get their money back ( let 's put aside how realistic that is for the moment ) . 
  this purpose would not be present anymore if there were no more debts . 
  the troika does not do this because they think it is so much fun to rule greece . 
  if greece has problems with governance , they should try to fix it themselves , and they can get assistance if they want to . 
  but why would anyone even consider a puppet regime in greece . 
  it would be quite ridiculous to install some kind of unelected dictatorship in the country that essentially invented democracy . 
  all it would cause would be strikes and some kind of civil unrest against the government . 
  [ just leaving this here ] ( https://top5ofanything.com/list/7f67f9bf/countries-with-the-healthiest-teeth ), 
  oh , i am actually not that worried about it . 
  privacy concerns really should not be an issue here and apple is reportedly willing to concede parts of their fees . 
  to get into the chinese market , they accepted 0.15 % ( it is 0.3 % in the us ) and french banks are aiming for the same rate . 
  if they are able to strike a deal with the french , i do n't think it will be long until it arrives here . 
  unlike the us , they just need a handful of banks to accept apple pay and they will have 90 % + covered . 
  i just wonder if they will stick exclusively to credit cards or if they will incooperate our debit cards to pay tribute to the different realities here . 
  experienced the same with my last credit card . 
  whatever , there are still plenty offers for free visa credit cards or at least pretty cheap ones . 
  the eu rule change essentially means that the fees are cut in half . 
  which is good . 
  on the other hand it becomes a bit problematic when talking about things like apple pay - their share in the us is comparable to the total fee in the eu . 
  thanks to the eu , it 's pretty much the opposite . 
  they are not . 
  it 's a myth . 
  hugo boss produced nazi clothes , but they did not design them . 
  what you are doing is like crediting the kids in bangladesh producing our clothes with setting our fashion trends . 
  they are not . 
  they were not designed by hugo boss . 
  data alone ca n't pay for the benefits . 
  the transaction fees do . 
  and these fees are payed by the retailer and he will , surprise , surprise , pass them onto you . 
  so they are essentially sending you your own `` cold , hard cash '' that you could have kept in the first place . 
   if your card gets stolen during non working hours of sparkasse , the credit card thief is going to have some fun with it . 
  their hotline to freeze the card is available 24/7 . 
   why is it `` absurd '' to pay 30 cents with a card ? 
  because the basic fee for the payment already ` eats up ' most of that sum . 
  it will end up being a net loss for the retailer . 
   drive to the bank and get paper money . 
  of course not the nearest bank because i would have to pay 5 $ atm fee pay using a 10 $ bill . 
  cashier needs time to count the change . 
  get back a 5 $ bill , 2 x 2 $ coins , a 50 cent coin and a 20 cent coin . 
  collect the change and drive it back to my bank where i it gets counted and put back into my account electronically this is not ... how it works ? 
  honestly , the big banks in germany have atms pretty much everywhere . 
  you do not have to take an extra drive because the atm is most likely on your way to work/shopping . 
  additionally , pretty much no adult brings the change to the bank . 
   why do you presume to tell me what i want ? 
  it is a choice everyone should make independently . 
  but it works both ways . 
   paypass/paywave similar things exist for debit cards . 
   useable internationally well , to get cash , you can use most girocards aswell . 
   reward programs which are payed for with the fees your retailer is paying for every transaction .
