  the ` issue ' with that is : if this suggestion became reality , we would ( once again ) be very far away from the problem . 
  the numbers of people getting accepted through unhcr resettlement accepted currently are a joke , frankly spoken . 
  a lot of countries would quickly adapt the ` not our problem ' mentality and stop granting asylum or refugee status to more than a handful people . 
  and doing so helps us how exactly ? 
  i think everybody is aware of the situation with said countries ( nevertheless reports indicate that about a million syrians stay in saudi-arabia currently , most without papers ) . 
  but how is that of relevance ? 
   refuse entry to every refugee/immigrant that comes to eu illegally . 
  sounds easier than it is . 
  it would require us to scrap like any agreement of human or fundamental rights . 
   allow refugees that are in existing camps in turkey and jordania to apply for asylum . 
  after thorough background checks we safely bring them here . 
  how do you decide who is allowed to come here though ? 
  none of them is coming on a work visa ? 
  norways gas production barely exceeds the demand of germany alone . 
  and the gas left in norway that is accessible will run out in about 20 years at the current rate . 
  if they increase the production even further , it will be earlier unless they can access the natural storages that are not accessible by now . 
  to match our demand with lng ports , we would need to build like 15 or more of the kind you are building . 
  quite expensive , especially considering that you have the alternative of cheap russian gas . 
  diversification should be the long term goal but not at any costs . 
  ukraine is not part of the eu . 
  on the other occasion you criticize that the eu acts like a federal state despite not being one . 
  now you want exactly the opposite on another issue . 
  and what is your alternative proposal then ? 
  i am aware of the political realities of north stream . 
  however , bulgaria withdrawing from south stream was announced immediately after mccain together with a delegation from the us visited bulgaria and lobbied against it . 
  south stream was not about diversifying away from russian gas , quite the contrary . 
  one major obstacle was the fact that russia wanted the supplier ( gazprom ) to be in charge of operating the pipeline as well which violates eu law . 
  and instead do what ? 
  north stream explicitly offered supplying poland and latvia but these countries declined . 
  given the experiences in the past , i dont think it is unjustified trying to build around ukraine . 
  yes , a diversification away from russian gas would be desirable , but there needs to be supply from somewhere . 
  norway is capable of providing quite a lot , but not for the whole eu in the long term . 
  but what kind of ` solidarity ' are you talking about ? 
   european energy firms agree to expand nord stream pipeline with gazprom what kind of ` solidarity ' do you expect on the issue ? 
  the us was a major force in preventing south stream btw . 
  plus it violated eu law . 
   germany uses the institutions of the eu as a master puppeteer to show that eu solidarity means redistribution of refugees ( who are only 20.1 % syrians ) the ~ ~ minimum wage in germany is not 1500 euros ~ ~ , the social benefits are far from that . 
  some people argue that this kind of lottery would actually prevent many people from coming here as they can not be guaranteed to end up in germany , the uk or sweden . 
  however , i disagree that we should force mandatory quotas upon other countries . 
   romania had available 9.9 billion euro ( 1.65 / year ) from the eu structural funds since 2007-2013 , of which it managed to absorb just 54 % . 
  that is however not the eus fault ? 
  i agree that it is not that effective if the money flows back into the countries where the money originally came from . 
  the same is done with development funding for the third world by the way . 
  however , it at least leaves you with improved infrastructure . 
  where is the issue with romania paying money into the eu funds ? 
   german companies pay romanian mechanical engineers ( working in germany ) , on average , 10 000 euro / year less than what they pay a german engineer with exactly the same qualifications and experience i can not really comment on these numbers as i do not know the circumstances . 
  it might however be the case that the mentioned romanian workers were not employed as ` full ' workers . 
  this happens to some german people as well , they are payed less for the same work . 
  its a flaw of the hartz reforms . 
  paying someone in a different country less is actually nothing special ? 
  they are building factories there * because * it is cheaper . 
  if the people would earn the same as in germany , they would prefer building their factories in germany . 
   eu freedom means that qualified professionals ( such as doctors ) can seek employment anywhere they wish . 
  well . 
  yeah . 
  that unfortunately would take place even if you are not part of the eu . 
  if the conditions suck ( seeing pictures from romanian hospitals , they very much do ) , i can not blame someone wanting to look for a country where his profession is actually ` valued ' in terms of payments and conditions . 
  i however disagree with you claiming that this is the reason for bribery . 
  i would argue that in many countries ( not sure about romania ) , bribery in the medical sector was common even before those countries joined the eu . 
   there are now 300,000-400 ,000 ukrainians in poland ( and millions displaced internally inside ukraine ) agreed . 
  it is six years for refugees actually . 
  i was just mentioning 15 years as a reaction to parent . 
  no matter if something is stopped or not - the people already here will require these efforts . 
  well , we will have to work with whatever is given to us . 
  educating these people will be extremely necessary to ensure both a successful immigration into our society aswell as ( in the best case ) getting some people into work . 
  i have to admit that i did not read that article so i can not comment on that . 
  the 40 % from the balkans will be sent back anyways so they are out of the equation . 
  automation did not cause the job market to shrink in the last 100 years despite being expected to do so and it likely wont do now either . 
   and germany will be hit by the hard landing in china . 
  not really . 
  we are not talking about economic decline in china , just a lower growth rate . 
  there are worse things . 
  the stock markets already calmed down quite a bit . 
  china is not our most important trade partner anyways . 
  experts calculate with growth at the same rate of this year for at least one or two more years . 
  depends . 
  a lot of the stuff you learn after elementary school is not necessary for a lot of jobs . 
  decent language courses and decent work education should prove sufficient . 
  syrians are the most common and relevant group though . 
  there are more syrians than afghanis , iraqis , pakistanis and eritreans combined ( at least q1 +2 2015 ) . 
  thats why we need to invest a lot of money . 
  ( considering that over 90 % of the syrian refugees in 2014 had some kind of school education , i doubt that they are illiterate though ) . 
  until the age of 30 , people are deemed able to learn new things like a profession or to read and write perfectly fine . 
  i never claimed that infrastructure leads to economic development . 
  however it is * one * necessary factor to achieve it . 
  well , it totally depends on the autobahn you are taking . 
  just go to the east , there are decent autobahns everywhere and they are mostly pretty empty . 
  see it from the positive side : in a few years , most of them will have a lane more , reducing traffic jam at traffic hubs by quite a lot . 
  yes . 
  the current budget assigned more money for infrastructure . 
  it feels like half of our autobahns are under construction work currently . 
  you make it sound worse than it actually is ... 
  the prime example of overpriced stuff was a greek arms company selling ammunition to the greek army for over twice the price it was selling the same stuff to foreign armies . 
  for foreign companies i would argue that it was more useless stuff ( for greece ) instead of severely overpriced . 
  france is below 2 % according to one source ( 1.8 % ) , thats why i listed them for `` under 2 % '' . 
  greece spent over 2 % , yet a lot of that is due to mismanagement ( the greek army bought overpriced stuff from both domestic and foreign suppliers and they bought stuff they do not really need . 
  greece has russian hovercrafts that are amongst the largest in the world , yet they have no scenario to use them . 
  [ you mean like this in modern ? 
  ] ( http://www.sewardsfolly.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/gummipanzer.jpg ), 
  i already edited that part out after realizing i was wrong ,
