  a few years ago , one of their manufacturers even offered a car that looked like an e-class on the font and like a 5 series bmw on the back . 
  good choice if you ca n't decide between the two i guess . 
  the comment section of that article gave me cancer . 
  i would not exactly call that `` throwing a gauntlet '' however . 
  this was never up to debate and for once , pretty much everyone else in europe shares this opinion . 
  probably a joke about carla bruni being the first lady of france at that time . 
  hopefully . 
  the leaks ( even though they were mainly from the second half of 2015 indicated that each side somewhat knows what it wants but , in many policy areas , there were n't many signs of agreement at that point . 
  there were also some issues that were n't even touched because the negotiators knew that they would be the most tricky ones due to vastly diverging opinions . 
  and last but not least we have the eu proposal to replace isds by ... actually they do not know . 
  the documents are full of placeholders . 
  they know that they want some kind of institutionalized version , but there were n't * any * specific facts about it . 
   another possibility , and something the americans have suggested , is that we could join in on ttip . 
  that would mean taking a huge risk however . 
  with ceta going through the national parliaments , it is unlikely that the same wo n't happen with ttip . 
  and a lot of countries are a lot more concerned about ttip than they are about ceta . 
  i also ca n't see the uk being happy with that relationship . 
  ttip is a very ambitious deal , yet it is a significant downgrade compared to the single market and likely worse than the potential outcome of a uk-eu deal tailored for this specific relationship . 
   we 've already helped craft it to 95 % completion . 
  any source for that number or are you simply making that up right now ? 
  because all recent reports on this issue ( and the leaks ) indicate that we are not even close to the 90 % + territory . 
  you should probably read your articles before basing your arguments on them . 
   but the fall in values is n't due to any loss in faith in the fuel type following volkswagen 's emissions rigging admissions . 
   however , experts have suggested it wo n't stay this way for long , as wholesale diesel prices are in recovery . 
  lived near the stores and had a cta connection nearby . 
   you might be more qualified to speak on it given you have lived in both places . 
  have n't bought a car in the us so i am not . 
  is there anything car-related that is more expensive in the us actually ? 
  the cars are cheaper , the fuel is significantly cheaper , the tax is cheaper . 
  iirc the regular taxes on operating a car are also cheaper . 
  dunno about insurance . 
  it really depends on the area of work i would say . 
  a huge problem is that people who would like to continue working are forced to retire . 
  yes . 
  the difference is that the affected motors were the common ones for vw while they were n't for audi or porsche . 
  porsche does n't sell that many diesels anyways and audi mainly sold petrol cars in the us ( unlike germany , where they sell more diesels ) . 
  porsche sell their panameras with a diesel developed by audi . 
  the motor affected for these two brands is the 3.0 tdi . 
  possible . 
  audis , mercs and the like are expensive ( on average ) , but tesla is still a level above that . 
  their cars pretty much only compete in the ~ 80k + range . 
  how much tax do you have to pay on a car purchase in il anyways ? 
  in germany , you pay the regular 19 % vat , in countries like denmark you pay 25 % vat + up to 180 % luxury tax . 
   i would say bmw and merc are more prevalent than audi in chicago but maybe things have changed since you 've been here . 
  it 's been four years . 
  time runs fast . 
   increasingly tesla seems to be the car of choice . 
  they do not reach the sales of the mentioned car makers yet though . 
  let 's see how that develops once the model 3 arrives . 
  the rules were agreed upon when this currency was set up . 
  these rules were the requirement for us joining in the first place . 
  hence i wrote  23,260 $ ( + tax ), 
   if you do n't have kids , do n't use the back seat and do n't cart around a lot of stuff , it 's a good every day car . 
  you ca n't really use it over here if you are doing business however . 
  the mustang is not exactly a serious-looking car . 
  its image is also not suited for this . 
   since we 're on the topic , my friend recently took me for a ride in his '15 camarro zl1 , which he had sent out for extensive upgrading , wow . 
  730 hp at the wheels . 
  you know in star wars when chewie hit the hyperdrive , and all the stars turn into lines ? 
  that happens when you stomp on it in this car . 
  imagine being able to do this legally on public roads , 
  you asked about the opinion of the people on a fine - the authorities are still something different . 
  they must not take these things into account . 
  but as the article describes , the fine has a somewhat different reasoning and it likely wo n't exceed a few hundred millions . 
  haha , this one is certainly a much better article than the previous one . 
  the other one was a bit ... too enthusiastic . 
  yeah , they were # 1 in one month so far , but # 3 overall is a very decent showing in my opinion . 
  it really is a nice car to have , i am just not sure that it would be the car i would desire to use every day . 
  it was ? 
  any source for that ? 
  according to the [ official report ] ( http://www.kba.de/shareddocs/publikationen/de/statistik/fahrzeuge/fz/2016_monatlich/fz11/fz11_2016_06_pdf.pdf?__blob=publicationfile&amp;v=2 ) , there were 3,337 new mustangs registered between january and june 2016 . 
  which makes them # 3 after porsche 911 ( 4,713 ) and audi tt ( 4,576 ) . 
  still a decent showing however . 
  they do not have any counterparts over here in this price category . 
  you will struggle to find similar levels of power for that price . 
  well , they do face billions and billions all over the world however . 
  let 's see how it develops . 
  we might see a eu fine , who knows . 
   vw jetta , it was atrocious some of them are terribly underpowered . 
   that being said , my friend has toureg , and it 's a very nice vehicle . 
  you see this is a perfect example of what i said : the touareg is manufactured in slovakia . 
  thus , the differences between a us touareg and a german touareg are very minor . 
   germany might be a special case for the high speeds . 
  yes , of course germany is a special case , but all cars we sell in europe are pretty much the same . 
  meaning that a car sold in portugal will be able to do the autobahn without problems . 
  well ... this is a somewhat complicated issue . 
  the people are well aware of vws importance for germany . 
  there are a lot of jobs connected to them . 
   the only thing which is the same is the way it looks . 
  even that is changed . 
  the general shape is roughly the same , but you will always be able to recognize which one is the american one . 
   i really do like the new cadillacs , the ats-v is amazing . 
  this has to be the first us car i have ever seen where they charge extra for automatic transmission . 
  they actually to offer the ats-v in europe ( starting at 77,200 usd incl . 
  tax ) but you can pretty much only select between two options . 
   i 'm far from a tree hugger ( i own 2 '70s buicks with huge v8s ) , but even i would not be happy about purchasing a vehicle that violated emissions laws at the time of purchase . 
  though i guess it 's worse here bc of our stricter standards , since these cars outrageously violated those standards . 
  i just find this surprising . 
  over here germans are portrayed as recycling/renewable energy world champions and people who care about the environment a lot . 
  i thought people would be very angry over there .
