   in my opinion this would only make sense if the single members also practised a neutral foreign policy and declared perpetual neutrality like austria has done . 
  i do n't want to sound derogative , but austria can afford that - it is simply not a country that is important on the world stage . 
  germany , france , the uk , italy and spain bear to much weight to stay neutral . 
  it would also be to our disadvantage to play neutral . 
   the reason why this wo n't expose europe and the us to their enemies and make them easy targets is that the us spends the majority of its budget on the military which is more than the next 12 countries combined most of which are actually allies of theirs . 
  and europe does have a serious defense force and plenty of nukes even without the support of the usa . 
  and because it turns into a continent of neutral countries it wo n't create more foreign enemies than it already has . 
  this ... does not make any sense at all . 
  -- -- -- sorry , but this is just nonsense . 
  well , that 's the scenario i am hoping for as well , but unfortunately , we can not rule anything out yet . 
  it 's less le pen than the person that will win . 
  if sarko really gets a shot ( which i sill doubt ) , there will be a shift to the right no matter what . 
   especially in regressive states like germany ( on freedom of speech ) we are n't regressive , we simply value other things ( in this case : human dignity ) higher than free speech . 
  it is a choice every country is free to make . 
  it also is n't like there is no free speech here . 
  the limitations are extremely minor . 
  you really do not lose shit if you can not call for violence or deny the holocaust anymore . 
  statements of this kind bear no value for any discussion anyways . 
  edit : why am i not surprised that the karma count of this comment went negative as soon as the us online hours start ? 
  dear us redditors , please accept that your definition of `` free speech '' is not universal - in fact , you are pretty much the only country in the world interpreting `` free speech '' in such an unrestricted way . 
  there are good arguments for either way - but this is up to the people and politicians of every country , not up to you . 
  you get used to it . 
   question is more how strong the afd will get and how anti-immigration the other parties will become . 
  according to the current polls , the afd is declining ( they have n't been this `` weak '' in three months ) and i simply can not see the spd , greens or left party becoming overly anti-immigration . 
  it 's a bit more complicated . 
  we do have some sundays where the stores are open ( but they are rare - four in hamburg per annum ) - depending on what city you are living in . 
  gas stations tend to sell stuff even on sundays and stores in train stations are allowed to be open on sundays as well . 
  and they do n't only have small stores - leipzig for example has a whole mall inside the main station . 
  well , there is one issue with this poll :  many of the survey respondents argued that unemployment is still too high , inflation too low and growth too fragile for any dialing down of support . 
  out of those , exactly * one * issue is legitimate : inflation . 
  the ecb is neither responsible for creating growth nor does it have a mandate to bring unemployment down ( unlike the central banks of some other countries ) . 
  which makes the german criticism legitimate - the ecb should stick to its mandate . 
  if the ecb managed to reach its inflation target , and we are well on track for that , there is simply no argument for further qe . 
  everything else is a purely political decision ( aka changing the mandate of the ecb ) . 
  not a decision for the economists . 
  it does not matter . 
  you can believe whoever you want - simply because it is not an issue that we vote on . 
  and rightfully so . 
  it is not german or european politics that dictate whether there is qe or not , this is exclusively decided by the * independent * ( thank god for that ) ecb . 
  it 's just because they think that it 's `` unfair '' that underage people get reduced sentences for severe crimes , thus arguing that they `` have the mental status of adults '' . 
  in germany , you can still be judged as a minor until the age of 20 ( 22 in some special cases ) if your mental development lacks behind . 
  just a few weeks back , i was ridiculed for arguing that 14 and 16 year olds are children in the criminal justice system here on / r/europe . 
  people really do not know what they want . 
   the coalition has had a fairly open-border policy up to now . 
  and this wo n't change no matter what . 
  if you have n't noticed : we are n't opposed to border closings far away , we just dont want to close inner-european borders and especially not our own . 
   thomas de maiziere suddenly turned to an australia-like border policy , but is part of the same government which favoured the former policy . 
  this is a serious turn . 
  not really . 
  de maiziere has always taken a tougher stance than merkel on this issue . 
   either the rest of the cdu actually agrees with the new proposal of maiziere and merkel will just have a hard time to explain the new direction the coalition is heading if this proposal was to be implemented , which i doubt , this would not exactly be a `` new direction '' , as i already said . 
  i 'd like to add some things that are n't reported in this english-speaking source : there is no concrete proposal , it has n't been discussed in the eu or with other countries . 
  even more importantly , the ministry insisted that in every approach , the state of law and the echr will be the fundament . 
  since it is very hard to combine such an approach with these legal systems , i sincerely doubt that this is more than election talk . 
   or cdu will stay loyal to merkel 's approach and you will get a split coalition . 
  why should that happen ? 
  as i said , this does n't necessarily interfere with merkels stance . 
  the coalition really is n't endangered in any way . 
  what ? 
  how does this comment even make * any * sense ? 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  well , i was n't downvoting you . 
  i still think you have major flaws in your understanding . 
  your last comment was way over the top and you really do not need to go around name-calling . 
  if that is all you can do - i am sorry for you . 
  we had one guy with a fucking panther tank in germany . 
   `` we knelt , we fell ( in august ' 15 ) , but we have to rise - as we often did - and climb the mountain again , to the top of the mountain , to pave a different way '' . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   the aim of syriza is to change the world , not to manage the misery , even if this seems difficult or impossible , says mr lambrou . 
  if you focus on things you can not accomplish , you are doomed to fail the targets you could reach ...  he also categorically opposed the eu - turkey agreement , describing it as a `` treaty '' that was n't successful in any way . 
  `` turkey is not a safe third country , and germany and visegrad ask us to recognize it as such when they wo n't ... 
  they want us to do the dirty work '' , he says . 
  in a garage ? 
   it is also not exclusive to men , women can be required to pay an unfair amount of child support ( though less frequently than men ) and that is not right either . 
  well , at least in this case , it happens rather rarely that they pay child support for a child that is n't their own . 
  it is a very complicated topic in general . 
  divorces can be horrible , but they get ten times worse when children are involved . 
  honestly , whatever one might think about the rights of the children in this regard - allowing fathers to challenge their fatherhood to avoid paying child support for children that are not their own is a no-brainer to me . 
  is this any different in other countries ? 
  if they contest their fatherhood , this is a possiblity . 
  this has * nothing * to do with expressing a `` dissenting opinion '' . 
  this expression can never be part of a meaningful discussion . 
  why am i not surprised that you are a very young account with low karma ... 
  people generally know more about brexit than you appear to know about the laws in germany . 
  `` hate speech '' might be a vague term in general , but its application under german law has been very consistent . 
  it is completely unjustified to talk about `` silencing dissenting opinions '' in this context . 
  if there were actually signs for this happening - i would not mind . 
  but there simply are n't any . 
  which kind of disqualifies your opinion . 
  if you criticize something , spend at least * some * time educating yourself on the matter . 
  vague , generalized statements are n't worth anything in this regard . 
  according to the / r/europe survey from january 2016 , brits actually make up the largest group of users here . 
  [ click ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pedws_xa8zxikohkgfa58aqtpljazqhzjwtbtfej86y/viewanalytics ) i do not think it is up to the mods to decide what countries are included in the geodefault status . 
  it is a reddit decision that changes nothing about the nature of this sub . 
  uk news are posted here , uk users comment everywhere . 
  i do not see a problem . 
  i have also seen very few brexiters that said they would leave / r/europe after brexit . 
  mister , you have little to no knowledge of the reality in germany . 
  neither do you know our laws , nor do you know our judicial system or culture . 
  so no , i do not think you are qualified to make claims like this .
