  and they are currently pretty close to a `` failed state '' - we need to do more to bring back order into that country . 
   my point is , relying on other governments to cooperate with us fully is tricky . 
  it is , but it is our best shot . 
   specially in today 's world , where the climate/economic/demographic prospects of the the middle east/africa are pretty bad . 
  millions of people might try to migrate in the coming decades . 
  we might prevent that from happening by pumping money into african states and reaching deals with their leaders , but i would n't count on that . 
  does n't mean that we should not try . 
   if that fails , we should have a strong , strict , deterring migration policy that would help us to prevent the migrants from coming without having to rely on cooperation of other countries . 
  does n't work without significant limitations to the right of asylum - and we are not willing to implement limitations of this kind currently . 
  the right of asylum has saved a * lot * of people in nazi germany from being prosecuted or worse . 
  it also has been rather significant for people fleeing the gdr . 
  i would rather advocate for an european solution ( of whatever nature - it does not need to involve relocations into all countries ) that will actually work - unlike dublin . 
   because sweden has repeatedly threatened to sue and/or throw a hissy fit if italy does n't do so ? 
  source ? 
   the only thing that would actually deter these migrants would be to dump them back into africa indiscriminately but not before taking their finger prints and announcing to the world they will never be allowed back into eu in any context . 
  then they would stop coming . 
  that would violate the constitutions of several countries as well as eu law and international treaties . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low effort . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  we do not tolerate self posts linking to the article . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   relocations are not happening , both because some european governments do n't want it and because the migrants themselves do n't want it , they are trying to reach a few specific countries , but those have already had enough and will do all they can to prevent them from coming for what it 's worth - we are honoring our pledges and will take 1000 people from italy and greece ( 500/500 ) per month starting november . 
  this is not a lot given the numbers arriving in italy , but it is something . 
   so it 's not like those 160k people will be evenly distributed around the entire europe . 
  it 's not sustainable to have 160k of illegal migrants coming , when they mostly concentrate in one country . 
  well , it is not like none of them arrive in germany . 
  in october 2016 , we had 1709 applications from eritrea , 910 from somalia and 910 from nigeria . 
  i however can make no qualified statement on whether these people arrived here recently . 
  we are pretty close to finishing all arrivals from 2015 iirc - this means that applications in 2016 does not mean that these people arrived here in 2016 . 
  yes , it is problematic if you have 160,000 arrivals in italy every year . 
  but far from overwhelming in my opinion . 
  with a bit support from europe , they will be able to cope . 
   that 's true , eritreans do have a chance , but they are not the majority of the migrants from africa . 
  most of the migrants from africa are economic migrants . 
  due to a lack of definite numbers , i will agree with you on that . 
  but this mainly stresses the importance of striking deals with the african countries . 
  nigeria is a very important country in this regard . 
  they are # 1 or # 2 in asylum applications ( amongst african countries ) yet only around 6 % of these people are being granted asylum here . 
  i think you will agree with me that it it is easier for us to strike deals with these countries when we are not completely overwhelmed - this would leave us in a bad position for negotiation . 
  and , if you have not noticed , merkel already travelled these countries to pave the way for deals of this kind . 
  we are actually acting on the issue , unlike many others . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   so just because it did n't reach the catastrophic levels of 2015 it 's not that worrisome ? 
  yes . 
  i do not think we should be should be happy about these numbers , but they are not worrisome . 
  europe can * very * easily endure these arrival numbers . 
  this gives us more time to fix the issues that are allowing for these streams in the first place . 
  i do not think we should relax given that the numbers have gotten much lower , make no mistake . 
  but these numbers are not at a level where they would cause major problems for the european countries . 
   many of these people have no shot at getting asylum the eritreans have a very good chance to be granted asylum . 
   we would probably be better off if we just stuck with nd honestly , even if they were n't the best possible , but the reality is what it is . 
  let 's make the best of it . 
  well , a bit more about stereotypes : [ st. pauli girl ] ( http://mimsdistributing.com/wp-content/uploads/stpauligirl.jpg ) - a beer brand that is sold in the us . 
  it is n't sold in germany nor does it make any sense . 
  it is named after a city district of hamburg ( which is in northern germany ) while the picture displays an `` octoberfest-styled '' outfit - from southern germany . 
   as long as you 're okay with it , though . 
  because it 's germany they 're heading to . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but most of these people do not even make it to germany . 
   so far this year , nearly 159 500 migrants arrived in italy , 13 % more than a year ago . 
  not actually that worrisome . 
  that 's a tiny fraction of what arrived last year ( in total ) . 
  oh , i agree with you on that . 
  it 's still a lot of money . 
   so anyone from the planet who gets to germany ( including ee beggars ) are entitled to get a decent life on your taxmoney ??? 
  but if you apply for asylum , you are entitled to benefits for a while . 
  and well , `` decent life '' - i wouldnt want to live on that amount of money . 
   i was n't talking of legit asylum seekers but of economic migrants . 
  20 million syrians are less scary than 1.5 billion north africans . 
  for this however , the only thing that matters is a functioning and efficient deportation `` service '' . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   five rapes at least according to wiki . 
  2000 min sexually assaulting 1200 women . 
  this ... still does not equal `` mass rapes '' ? 
  it is disgusting no matter what , but your term simply does n't match reality . 
  you do know that the number of rapes per capita has not changed whatsoever in germany ? 
  despite the influx ? 
  and that 's a fair point , i did not mean to attack you , mate , 
  merkels wealth is rumored to be 2-3 million euros . 
  thats pretty much nothing for leading the fourth largest economy in the world for eleven years . 
   of course you can - you are not a nanny dealing with kids - people should know that if they get to germany illegally they will get a big nothing . 
  no we ca n't . 
  again , due to legal reasons . 
   otherwise no redistribution deal will ever work , nor the influx of economic migrants ever stop . 
  there are other safeguards for this . 
  it would be completely legal to deny people any benefits whatsoever if they have been registered as an asylum seeker in another country before . 
  we need better pan-european databases for this and we need need countries to actually register the refugees . 
  additionally , we need agreements with african countries to send people back if they are here without a valid claim for asylum . 
  plus agreements with northern africa to secure their coasts . 
   i was thinking more along line of deporting them to their country of origin . 
  ideally would be ofc to handle all asylum requests outside germany but nobody agrees yet on what would be a good place . 
  deporting people back into countries stuck in civil war ? 
  great idea !, 
  we have different definitions of `` rich '' then . 
  500,000 $ per annum would be more justified , in my opinion . 
  i really hope for greece that these predictions will actually become true . 
  i do not say that it should be the incentive to lead a country - i am saying that the pay must not be so shitty that it prevents good people from going into politics .
