  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  i read  netherlands holds inquiry on euro after ecb easing hits dutch pensions, 
   greece is not trustworthy , but the `` programs '' that europe forced with a pistol on greece 's people head as you say , have been proven to be leading nowhere at all . 
  depends . 
  some of the reforms were useful and necessary , others were misled and simply wrong as their only goal was to reduce expenditure at all cost . 
  i do not believe that this is a black and white issue and i am convinved that there is a need for debt relief and investment . 
  but as i said , there needs to be a way that money going into greece does n't go to waste . 
  i did n't mean a continual of the current way of `` dealing with greece '' . 
  i tried to have a look , but i could n't find it . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed for editorialisation , because its title does not reflect the title or content of the link . 
  see the [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may delete and re-submit this link with an appropriate title . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  allowing trump to fraction the eu through bilateral trade would do more harm to us . 
  suggesting that in this case is kind of ridiculous . 
  you can be neutral and come to the conclusion that someone is a demagogue . 
  i wonder which one they will replicate . 
  the current one with fosters design , the `` original '' one with the old cupola or the version that was `` used '' during the nazi regime . 
  wtf . 
  no , not even remotely . 
  you can be elected and still a demagogue . 
  denmark has over 180 tanks if you count reserves if i am not mistaken . 
  a union that all other countries are part of by their own choice . 
  we did n't force anybody to join . 
  we already had a large thread about this yesterday . 
  removed . 
  it is actually impressive how they managed to spend two billion euros in a single year for things that this money was n't meant for . 
  ... berlin, 
  it goes to the federal government and the federal government is n't bound to spend it in any particular way . 
  then , there is the so-called `` solidarpakt '' which includes monetary transfers from the federal government to the eastern states . 
  a lot of this money was n't spent for the designated purposes though . 
  berlin managed to misspend all that money in 2005 . 
   and the traditional parties are not in power anymore . 
  nd will be in power again after the next election . 
  they lead the polls by an enormeous margin . 
   if you 're not going to trust change on this scale , you may aswell just admit you 're never going to give/lend money to greece under any pretense , and be done with it . 
  not really . 
   tsipras 's ratings are in the toilet . 
  also , i was talking about the mood among the people , not politicians . 
  politicians looks for scapegoats , this is not a surprise or a phenomenon limited to greece . 
  i think that misses the point . 
  because the money that we would `` send '' to greece would be managed by said politicians , not by your average people . 
   but the leadership has changed and kyriakos is making all the rights noises from the creditors ' point of view . 
  at any rate , i 'm now a bit confused as to what exactly you want of the greek people . 
  who do you think they should vote for ? 
  honestly , i do n't mind nd getting into power again . 
  i would argue that you would be better off if nd had n't been replaced by a syriza government . 
  i am simply contesting your viewpoint that the people have cut all ties with the parties that have been responsible for the state greece is in . 
  even if pasok was the main cause , nd is to blame for a significant part as well . 
   how is this relevant ? 
  what you seem to be asking for is a complete revolution , whereby all established politicians are uprooted and replaced with outsiders who belong to new parties , have no experience and were uninvolved in politics prior to 2008 . 
  this is not feasible and would lead to indefinite political instability -- the last thing greece or greece 's creditors need -- indeed , this was the very idea that led the greek population to vote for tsipras , with terrible results . 
   yes , negative elements had to be weeded out . 
  but you also have to work with what you 've got . 
  if you do n't like nd or mitsotakis that 's fine , but you have to come up with reasons that are better than lineage . 
  i simply think that it is problematic to have these `` politician dynasties '' . 
  it is n't exactly compatible with democracy . 
  given what i have read about greece , there are good reasons to believe that this guy is in his position simply because of his name and family . 
  i do not contest his competence , but i think this in general is problematic and greece needs to abandon this way of going along if it wants to get rid of nepotism and corruption . 
  not saying that changing this will fix these things , but i think this would help a great deal . 
   i disagree . 
  giorgos papandreou was ostracised politically , yes . 
  more relevant is that andreas papandreou 's reputation has been ( rightfully ) dragged through the mud as well . 
  he is now identified as the source of the problem and that alone shows a 180 degree turn in public opinion . 
  i think there are people who would argue otherwise , but fair enough . 
   i think that 's a moot point . 
  the only way there would n't have been outside pressure would have been in greece was n't in the euro . 
  and if greece was n't in the euro , issues of trust would n't arise in the first place . 
  the question is can we collaborate now that we have to . 
  no , it is n't . 
  if we consider an alternative scenario where the creditors had been less demanding , greece would not have implemated a lot of the stuff that is actually required for progressing forwards . 
  while i think that some of the cuts have been over the top , other cuts ( some initial cuts to the pension system and the public sector ) were absolutely necessary to ensure long-term sustainabilitiy of greece . 
  i think collaboration can happen if there is some way of ensuring that money is n't going to waste . 
   i agree . 
  this is the problem at the moment . 
  the only solution is gradual negotiation . 
  i hope that within the year syriza will be out of government in greece , which will send a positive message abroad . 
  with new governments in many of the richer countries as well , hopefully there will be willingness on both sides to work together a bit better . 
  i agree . 
   why are you assuming i 'm greek ? 
  because i have tagged you as greek . 
  you mentioned that you are greek in a post in 2015 . 
   i mean , i am , but also , this turn of phrase ( as if i am personally to blame for tsipras ) comes off as a bit accusatory . 
  it seems to me that a calm discussion does not pit ` your country ' against ` my country ' . 
  i was it merely using to describe the relevant party . 
  tsipras is as much `` your '' politician as bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke is `` my '' politician , even though i despise that man . 
  i did not mean to include any judgement , it 's just that `` your government '' is easier to write than `` the greek government '' . 
  we dont invade europe because we believe its wrong but because others force us not to ? 
  depending on trumps tax and investment policy , you could really end up in a car crash , but yeah , you are fine right now . 
  do n't get me wrong here - i do not think that the status of greece is sustainable and i fimly believe that there is a need for debt relief and even fiscal transfer to a certain extent . 
  * however * , i would really like to have a way that ensures that this money is n't going to waste . 
  i think giving money to the greek government directly is a bad idea , the same goes for spending in areas where the government would otherwise spend money . 
  saarland and one of the eastern states actually . 
  that 's actually not the reason for our policies . 
  the impact of the hyper inflation on today 's germany is vastly overexaggerated . 
  it 's not that simplistic . 
  the us run the biggest trade deficit in the world , yet they earn more than we do . 
  i still really like the `` it 's explosive '' ad .
