  how is not being in favor of nato connected to anti-americanism ? 
  well , if you spend lets say 1.5 % of gdp on military continuously over 10 years , you are not exactly demilitarizing , you just have a somewhat low military funding . 
  i think only britain is cutting its military currently , most other countries increased their military funding . 
  there was simply no reason for us to keep up giant militaries like in the cold war area as there were no threats for us in the last decades . 
  considering being the military arm : the us has always been ( over - ) spending on military . 
  every cut is watched with suspicion mainly from the gop and it usually generates an outcry . 
  if the nato members would be spending more , you would likely not see the us cutting their spending in return . 
   the russian puppet states in eastern ukraine field more tanks than france and germany combined at the moment i seriously doubt that . 
  how is this a ` giant ' boat ? 
  it is significantly smaller than the military ships that have been sent by some eu countries . 
   less than half of americans view nato positively , less than any other western member state besides spain . 
  is this a surprise however ? 
  nato is put on hold currently as the threat it was designed to cope with was not really present over the last two decades . 
  even if the eu states would be spending more , i doubt the agreement on either side would be higher . 
  the refit of the nato for our world today was not exactly well-recieved by many people in the member states . 
  i do see gates ' speech as fearmongering , trying to convince the eu states to spend more on defense . 
  the us has too much interest of remaining in a healthy relationship with the eu over nato . 
  pulling out of nato would limit the us sphere of influence by quite a lot ( they would n't totally lose their influence , however it would decrease ) . 
  also , the trend of cutting military budget has been somewhat broken due to ukraine and i also expect nato approval rate to get higher if the conflict remained the same way it is currently . 
  i 'd argue that the us cutting ther military funding actually does not endanger the defense alliance . 
  also , the us equipment is still undergoing steady renewal ( new carriers , new planes , etc. 
  ) , so it is not exactly worrisome . 
  quite the contrary - i 'd say it is healthy for the us to cut a bit of their military budget . 
  it fits their more passive role in the last years , overspending does not really help anyone . 
   in ppp terms , they are at $ 368 billion vs. the us at $ 610 billion . 
  this is meaningless . 
  military is one of the few sectors where ppp spending does not indicate much . 
  military equipment all over the world is extremely expensive . 
  take the new russian tank for example - the price for the tank is 8 million $ ( $ ? ), 
  which is en par with most main battle tanks all over the world . 
  the only part where ppp is relevant considering military is menpower , however menpower alone does not win any wars . 
  china might have increased their spending by a lot , however they are spending about 2 % of their gdp in military - not exactly unhealthy or worrisome . 
  the drastic increase is accompanied by drastic economic development . 
  this increase in spending is actually worrisome for some of chinas neighbor countries , however they are currently not a threat for the nato . 
  most probably are n't , however there * are * people with that profession in the origin countries like syria or libya . 
  since there is no other way to europe , these people will either stay in their war-ridden home countries , try to get to europe or stay in the refugee camps in the neighboring countries . 
  we could also try to ` recruit ' these professions from the refugee camps of the bordering countries , they will most certainly be a net gain for us plus it somewhat helps ` fixing ' the refugee problem , even if only to a small extend . 
  considering work - i would actually like to see people with a profession that is wanted by german companies right now to get faster asylum processes , faster access to ( language ) education and a faster work permit - at least in limited numbers . 
  well , if you are in favor of accepting that kind of proof and not only passports , i somewhat agree with you on that particular issue . 
  ( i disagree with providing zero help however ), 
  that does not contradict my statement . 
  all i wanted to contradict is that all the money was lost in some dark ways , i wanted to show that ( most of ) the debt was made to the ( short-time ) benefit of the population . 
  i think we were like 16 in primary school , high school varied between 29 and 34 in the grades 5-10 . 
  in the final two years , it went back to roughly 20 depending on the course . 
  i think optimum is between 15 and 20 people as you can actually interact with the teacher/other people or have a discussion where the class is n't over when half the class made a short statement . 
  if you had read the other comments i put here you would know that i only used the euro introduction as a fixpoint where the development gets comparable . 
  the debts were amassed mainly before the euro introduction . 
  talking about the advantages or the disadvantages of the euro is also not my point here . 
  tell me what international law is violated by the bailout . 
  the institute of `` illegal '' debt is not recognized in international law . 
  also , some of the money greece lent might have been spend on deals where corruption was involved ( take for example arms deals ) - however it is not like greece recived nothing in return , even if they overpayed or were bribed . 
  furthermore , not * all * of our industry has engaged in bribing activities . 
  as i said somewhere else , you always need two for a succesful bribe by the way . 
  well , selling it as a help for greece was a pan-european project . 
   but , in a sign of how europeans view us protection , large majorities in france , germany , italy , spain , and the uk believe the us would use force against russia even if their own states would n't . 
  i think that might be the reason for it . 
  people do not feel threatened because the us would probably step in . 
  i know it is kind of sad , but this is what we are accustomed to - military conflicts are usually ` solved ' by the us with some support from the european states . 
  i was not talking about the bailout but the debts that were racked up before that . 
  i was talking about gdp per capita and not in consideration of ppp ( even though gdp per capita in ppp would make more sense i admit ) . 
  but alone the title stopttip indicates the opposite . 
  calling for a complete stop without even knowing anything final about the agreement yet and only highlighting the bad sites is ` fear mongering ' in my opinion . 
  i can hardly imagine / r/stopttip being a neutral sub and i do not see anything that would actually speak * for * ttip being posted/discussed there . 
  probably because you had `` average '' in the title . 
  you can take this `` average '' in two ways , one way people could think that you actually think that the `` average '' soldier looks like this . 
  also , it does not actually provide the sub with anything . 
  i was not talking about turkey considering the quarter . 
  we are not financing human traffickers , our asylum laws ( you can only apply for asylum on our own soil ) create a market for them . 
  if a quarter of a countrys population consists of refugees , i think it is fair to say that the maximum capacity is reached . 
  europe however does not step in . 
  not feasible . 
  not all people deliberately throw away their passport ( i am not saying that nobody does ) . 
  some traffickers take the passports away , in some cases the people dont have a passport anymore because their government took it away from them because the engaged in oppositional activities or something . 
  we however do not have a new guinea in europe or africa . 
  there is no safe place where you could put such a camp . 
  it doesnt matter if they are men or women . 
  if they have valid asylum claims , their sex must not make a difference . 
   i would think it 's pretty obvious that countries neighboring warzones take in most of the refugees . 
  bizarre to see people using this as if europe does n't do enough . 
  it is more about the neighboring countries operating at the maximum refugee capacity possible than about comparing us to them . 
  all the mentioned countries have done their ` duty ' by taking in a lot of refugees , but the capacities and resources of these ( somewhat poor ) countries are limited . 
  you can always talk about ` funding the camps better ' however the funding for that is laughable in our terms and even with better funding , the conditions will not reach what we consider as bottom-line ideal . 
  what you posted does however not contradict the fact that ` guaranteeing ' greece would be political suicide . 
  i do n't put all the blame on greece ( i dont know where you get that from ) , just guaranteeing a member state remaining in the currency union would mean that you are * guaranteeing * for * all * debts and that you would , if necessary commit to keeping that country afloat with cash . 
  no leading person in the eu has either the intention or the backing to do so . 
  while it is pretty disappointing ( i think you could expect more from a crowd of politically interested and educated people ) , i learned to live with the downvotes when disagreeing with all that ` shoot the boats ' stuff . 
  and how exactly are you going to prevent that ? 
  this was still someone in draghis area of authority . 
  if draghi went up and guaranteed that greece is not leaving the euro , he would have violated the european treaties considering the ecb . 
  he also does n't hold the power to make such a claim . 
  not really . 
  i was not talking about ties to a certain government or similar stuff . 
  generally speaking , people ( in all areas of business and even more in public services ) are very reluctant in accepting changes . 
  turning one of the slowest and sluggish judiciary into a swift , effective , fast one is a herculean task which will only work if you dont face opposition to that change . 
  the only point that i was trying to make is that the greek people benefitted . 
  i did not claim that they benefitted more than someone else . 
  i only chose the euro introduction as a starting point because european countries are somewhat comparable from this point , not because i wanted to highlight the advantages of the euro . 
  i was just going up against phosifties assumption that the spending was not to the advantage of the greek people . 
  compared to the stuff that is usually published considering ttip , it was in my opinion . 
  i was not talking about the greek military regime but about the one of equador .
