  spain - maybe . 
  greece - not really . 
  at least not concerning exports . 
  greece never had an export industry to begin with , they did n't have it with the drachma , they did n't have it under the euro . 
  i do not see how that would be any different if greece had the drachma today . 
  greece has almost systematically killed off the industry that could have exported . 
  important mentions here would be the young auto industry in the 70 and effectively forcing major international companies ( there were e.g. 
  tire facories in greece ) out of the country . 
  sidenote : the second article you linked earlier is so bad it literally gave me cancer . 
   well , first using the term piigs shows your consideration for those countries . 
  i was merely using it as a convenient technical term . 
  no judgement here . 
  and i apologize for using the term , not because i think it is wrong to use the term , but because it is inaccurate here . 
  it was only italy , greece and portugal out of these three . 
  i was in a bit of a hurry when i wrote my last response , sorry . 
   second , germany could n't have demand anything . 
  i think ` insisted on enforcing the rules ' is a better description . 
   highlighting that the ez rules applied only when certain countries want for them to apply . 
  showing how rotten and malfunctioned is the ez . 
  it was one of the fundamental flaws of the system . 
  but there was no majority for automatisms at that time and there is n't one now . 
  pretty much all ez countries are resisting the notion that sanctions could be imposed automatically . 
   greece is a different case . 
  it needs a tone of debt relief , pure and simple . 
  but other countries , would certain benefit from a growth in consumption by germany . 
  possible . 
   the profit arising from being able to get loan at low interest rates . 
  sometimes , even negative interest rates , as the security of having the money in germany in the current economy is pursed by many investors . 
  this however has never and will never be the driving force in our policy . 
  the interest rate is a somewhat positive side effect for us , but trust me , we would be much better off if southern europe would start prospering again . 
   until most ez are able to fix their economies , their financial sector would shaky and thus forced to resort to loan at high interest rates . 
  that 's a bit of a remote thought . 
   and the wage are not really a major factor here . 
  which is the whole point of what i am saying . 
  the problems that lead to frances weakness when it comes to exports mainly arise out of other issues than the currency . 
  is n't italy a special case anyways ? 
  i am pretty sure that a whole lot of this has to do with the north/south divide in your country . 
   15-25 % according to the imf 5-15 % . 
  the author of your article calculed from a lowpoint that has been surpassed again . 
  the current value of the euro is close to its value when the imf made its calculations . 
   this give german export a huge advantage - at the expense of france , italy and spain ( for whom the euro is overvalued by 10 % + # ) . 
  sorry , but it is bullshit to calculate this way . 
  frances wages in manufacturing are lower than ours and they have a higher productivity than we do . 
  it is just that their export products are n't as successful as ours . 
  they are also less focussed on trade than we are . 
  yes , wages do play a role , france could undercut us significantly if it still had the franc , but currently we are simply playing on a somewhat leveled playground . 
  and apart from that - we are not even competing with the named countries in various areas . 
   yes , it does n't , but since it limits the states ability to invest in good times , the crisis will hit even harder when it happens . 
  the thing is : we could invest more no matter the debt limit . 
  the * schuldenbremse * does allow us to take new debts up to 0.35 % of gdp annually . 
  this would be around 11 billion $ currently . 
  the lack of investment is caused by other things than the debt limit . 
  we already invested too little before the relevant legislation was enacted . 
   in the news today : http://www.n-tv.de/politik/forscher-zweifeln-an-der-schuldenbremse-article18576546.html two things to consider : most of these findings are not exactly new and these effects were anticipated when the legislation was enacted in the first place . 
  secondly , the * hans-b\u00f6ckler-stiftung * is an institution from and by the labor unions in germany . 
  so , their results should be taken with a grain of salt , without questioning the legitimacy of their findings . 
   why ? 
  when you did violate the sgp ( without consequences ) many countries , namely spain , did comply with the deficit rules . 
  that 's a different scenario . 
  when we violated the sgp , it essentially elimiated the sgp , resulting in the piigs being able to violate the set rules without consequences . 
  we also did not demand anything from them at the time . 
  you can not praise abstinence while drinking if you get what i mean . 
  it would be very hard to advocate for balanced budgets in the eu while running a deficite ourselves . 
   if germany run a deficit for a year or two and lower taxes , most ez countries would n't run a deficit , quite the contrary . 
  actually they would . 
  not because of what germany is doing but because they are running a deficit no matter what . 
  i think only germany and the netherlands are currently running a surplus . 
   germany investing and allowing germany companies and consumers to have more purchase power would benefit tremendous the ez 's economies and country would increase their tax revenues and thus the need to run a deficit would n't be present . 
  you are overstimating the positive consequences for the named countries . 
  especially considering that greece has no significant export to begin with , they would not really profit from this . 
  tourism to greece is already booming no matter what . 
   of course , this would stop the profit that germany is making every year , so it would n't be adopted . 
  this is actually unrelated . 
  what profit are you talking about anyways ? 
  our trade surplus ? 
  yes , we are obsessed with trade surpluses , but they do not directly translate into profit for us . 
  mainly , they translate into debt of other countries . 
   it will hurt us when the next crisis happens . 
  the * schuldenbremse * does not apply in times of crisis . 
  nothing to do with that kind of mentality . 
  the budget will still be balanced . 
  because of `` setting an example '' . 
  we can not really expect other countries to balance their budget if we are n't doing it ourselves . 
  it would n't be very credible . 
  the whole reason why the stability and growth act was never enforced , in part resulting in the debt crisis we are currently in , was that germany and france violated the rules and got away without punishment . 
  i totally expected this answer . 
  a conservative party is n't necessarily fiscally conservative . 
  in fact , few conservative parties are . 
  i am sorry that this does not fit in your narrow picture of the world ( downvoting my responses immediately does n't exactly speak for you ) , but this is not an issue that is black and white . 
  conservative parties can engage in nepotism and careless spending as well . 
  get away from blaming `` the left '' for greeces current state . 
  the conservatives did pretty much the same . 
   do they keep spending money they do n't have pretty much all countries in the eu and over the world are doing that . 
   in exchange for promises of reforms which they never honor ? 
  you are not doing the greek people justice . 
  the low and middle class families in greece have suffered severely , pension cuts , increased pension age and tax hikes demanded by the eu were implemented . 
  yes , greece does n't fulfill all of the demands of the creditors , but it is simply wrong to say that they are doing `` nothing '' . 
  he is talking about the time when greece actually had a `` left-wing '' government , which was at the same time the eu effectively dictated the greek spending policy . 
  before that , greece had changing governments , mainly social democrats and conservatives . 
  it is wrong to pin the failures in greece to a single political couleur , corruption and nepotism do not know `` left '' or `` right '' .
