  i assume there isnt any , and for good reason . 
  it is a small change if you just go by the numbers , however when you see that germany initially intended to reduce its budget over the next years , its something else . 
  this is how some people here picture themselves/our country , but in the end it is just a stereotype that is not exactly true . 
  i dont know why the autor picked it up . 
  of course we dont hate each other , why should we ? 
  you can dislike the politics/politicians of another country without hating the people of that country . 
  i personally did not really like the article because he comes to this assumption after talking to like five people . 
  in addition , these people just fit the flat stereotypes that are around for quite some time now . 
  also , the picture of the states being brothers is rather unfitting . 
  any sources on this ? 
  i dont . 
  i guess wrong sub , dude . 
  if russia `` needed '' the money from china , they would pay dearly for it . 
  china is only looking for what is best in its own interest , it will seek to take advantage of russias weakened position ( as they already did when negotiating really decent gas prices ) . 
   well , the spd clearly does n't feel the same way . 
  she actually does . 
  the people in favor repaying debt/reparations are the minority , r ather leftish and do not have that much power in the party . 
  the people that really matter have spoken out against repaying it . 
  so you suggest `` just '' changing the constitution for this issue ? 
  referendums are not feasible on the national level and in addition they must not be about something that directly affects the budget . 
  debts are different however . 
  they usually have a maturity of 15 years or less , so it is renewed every few years . 
  the debt we are talking about here was neither renewed nor reclaimed for 70 years ( well actually 50 until a greek court claimed reparations for the first time again ) . 
  edit : alrite , seems i was wrong . 
  i do not think that this will have any impact on the official stance of the german govt . 
  on this issue . 
  the greens and the linke ( the left ) are not part of the ruling coalition ( in fact the number of seats they hold is laughable compared to the ruling parties ) and the people mentioned for the spd do not have much influence on the issue plus they are assumably a minority . 
  actutally not at all . 
  we dont give a damn about our leaders being divorced / not believing in god / not having a family - quite contrary to the us . 
  the prime minister of bavaria who is also one of the leaders of the coalition on the national level even has a baby from an affair a few years ago . 
  people cared for a short while , nowadays nobody cares . 
  even though the funding might be a big problem , if there is any thing the eu supports spending money on , it is the creation of such a bank . 
  this is good news because it will help the people that are actually able to drive the recovery of the economy . 
  if i am not mistaken , greece is the only country in the ez that does not have a bank of this kind . 
  however , i wonder what `` medium-term '' means . 
  creating a bank of this kind was intended since 6 years . 
  do you actually think this so-called fingergate will have any serious impact on the number of people in favor of the grexit ? 
  i 'd argue the only people that really care about this are bild-readers , but you cant really lower the perception of greece in the bild anymore . 
  i would argue that it did not exactly shift public opinion . 
  even though the previous governments were friendlier towards german policymakers - or as some might want to call it had less backbone - people here were never really in favor of the process . 
  if you had made a poll if we should guarantee for any money in the begin of the crisis , the people against it would have been the vast majority . 
  i think the shift in acceptance for the current policy has more to do with the economic outlook for greece being more uncertain than ever compared to the last years and less because he makes these claims . 
  tsipras should not only have waited for a better suited moment , his government should also not have brought it up every few days . 
  what is being done at the moment is suited to appease voters while destroying trust from the other side . 
  nothing like this will work because nearly all parliaments are heavily opposed to give up even the slightest bit of their `` kings right '' - the budget right . 
  a temporary system would require parliaments to do exactly this - so it is likely not going to happen . 
  i wonder what these numbers would be for north korea . 
  everyone knows that russia has large numbers of both manpower and equipment , this does not answer ops question though . 
  this was # 1 front page two weeks ago . 
  qe was within the set limits of the ecb , i 'd argue the mutualisation is not . 
  it is not about paying extra , it is about having money at stake if greece actually ca n't repay the loans issued over the ecb . 
  he is asking for increasing the possibilities of the ecb so that it would be possible to channel debts over a certain amount through it ... which actually leads to other states directly guaranteeing for that debt which is exactly the opposite of what the northern states want . 
  this is exactly the content of the `` modest proposal '' , just enhanced by a few examples of the current time and adjusted to the current situation . 
  what he suggests still goes against everything the central and northern european countries want , so it has no realistic perspective of being applied . 
  okay , thank you , then . 
  well , this does not make the post better , does it ? 
  thats a good one . 
  its an article about sightings of a meteorite over bavaria which is assumed to have hit switzerland . 
  well ... a post in german that does not even link directly to the article ( which starts quoting a facebook post from some random person ) . 
  quality content . 
  it is just a really unfitting moment to proceed on this in my opinion . 
  and even if you are trying to get this back , you dont need to repeat every few days that you are going to demand reparations . 
  also , the current `` demanding '' is just super-well suited to create more anger between germans and the greek . 
  our politicians will never give in to any of these demands which might piss off greeks while demanding it will piss of the germans . 
  take it to court , get a judgement and nobody will have problems with it ( well , one side will feel uncomfortable , but thats still better than how it is currently ) . 
  redditor since 9 minutes -  already posting on wrong sub, 
  if they are so sure that germany legally owes them reparations/repayment of the loan , why dont they go up to the ecj/icj and seek judgement on this issue ? 
  you can create as many local committees as you want for this issue , you have no legal basis to accomplish anything on the national level . 
  a judgement would settle everything in my opinion . 
  i assume this might be highly possible . 
  i was just confused because i only looked up the an-52 which seemed a bit heavily armed for this kind of task . 
  probably this assumtion is due to the fact that our army is not allowed to actively use their equipment for this kind of stuff , so if something like this was required here , you would only see unarmed helicopters . 
  the ka26 fits this , however . 
  true . 
  but i still cant see how military helicopters fit into that picture . 
  you can not use them to prevent anything on the ground as you would cause too much collateral and for anything else non-armed or civil helicopters would be better . 
  russia has been celebrating the victory over nazi germany with huge military parades for years . 
  i guess they know how to separate between preparations for a celebration and something else . 
   ... no media i 've consumed in the past years mentioned it . 
  uhm ? 
  it has been mentioned regularily . 
   i 'm going to assume we 're all okay with the notion that a previous government of a sovereign state can undertake actions that bind the present government to some standard of responsibility . 
  nobody denies that syriza are obligated to pay pasok 's debts for example . 
  likewise , merkel 's government would therefore have to pay any real debts owed by the nazi party of the time . 
  there is a difference between debt that is renewed every few years ( like the debt of the pasok you are talking about ) and a loan that had no requests for payback over 50 years . 
  what prevented them from requesting it back during the time of the 2 +4 treaty ? 
  ( i know they did not participate in creating that treaty , but they have certainly been aware of it ) . 
  i 'd be so happy if i got 7.9 percent on my money ... 
  we are not exactly following the swedish example , rather we have been limiting the arms exports to saudi arabia for years . 
  putting in more weapons would help in what way ? 
  the supply of anyone who has the backing of russia is more or less unlimited . 
  it is an illusion that this conflict can be solved with medium-sized military actions at this point . 
  of course you care more , because you are a neighboring country . 
  for us , ukraine seems far away . 
  your joint military units are a project that is 8 years old . 
  if the usa are in charge , how come they actually dont do anything that would seem logical from their perspective ( as they suggested : sending weapons or even deploying troops ) but rather leave it to the europeans to do the talks ? 
  what exactly are poland and its neighbors doing considering ukraine ? 
  and in what way are they proving to be `` less ueseless '' than germany or france are ? 
  people here actually dont give a fuck . 
  they like where they live , they 'd probably say `` i didnt want to live somewhere else '' but they wouldnt exactly `` worship '' a city .
