  but berlin always had a special status . 
  the citizens of berlin could not vote for the german parliament , german laws did not directly apply to berlin , berlin had no conscription , the western allies maintained significant power over west berlin ( contrary to the rest of the republic ) . 
  citizens of berlin had no federal german id card . 
  so yes , berlin essentially belonged to western germany , but the reality was a little bit more complicated . 
  no , it is irrelevant as gas contracts are made for decades , not for a few years . 
  the fukushima incident was five years ago . 
  most of the contracts with russia would still be running , no matter what . 
  that 's why i say it is irrelevant for the current situation . 
  for the cost of energy - energy cost here has been increasing significantly for the last decade , even during the nuclear times . 
  plus the gas really is n't getting more expensive due to sanctions . 
  possible but irrelevant for this situation . 
  berlin ! = western germany . 
  you know - gas heating for houses is a thing ? 
  phasing out nuclear is not the cause for our reliance on russian gas . 
  we have been reliant on their gas even when we still had nuclear . 
  and `` russia-supporting morons '' - well , the contracts originate from a time where russia was n't invading its neighbors yet . 
  plus russia has always been a reliable and stable trading partner . 
  even during the cold war . 
  we ca n't really target the energy market directly . 
  we are too reliant on russian gas . 
  the tools and funding for further exploration are already affected by the current regime of sanctions . 
   a fine should stop someone doing it . 
  a fine of 25 would n't stop me . 
  even in the very unlikely event you are caught 4 times a year your ` fine budget ' would only be a 100 a year . 
  well , you are not alone in saying that our fines are `` too low '' - the swiss think the same when it comes to our fines for driving offences since you can go to jail for those things in switzerland . 
  i still think that the fines are okay - especially since students are pretty much the only people that these laws apply to . 
  adults ( unfortunately ) do not use bikes as regularly as in the netherlands here . 
   and i do n't agree it is really a minor offence . 
  if you are not paying attention to traffic you could cause others to cause accidents , for example because a car has to swerve and hits someone else . 
  well , in that case you would be held accountable . 
  which would be a lot more expensive . 
   i 'm not sure but i think the fine for littering is 200 or more , so that would be a good place to start if it 's a first offence . 
  for repeat offenders just keep raising it . 
  we do not really have fines for littering that are enforced ( and if that they were enforced i think they are like 35 $ ) . 
  repeat offending - usually they will just take the money from you right away . 
  makes checking for previous offences a bit problematic . 
   btw , on a bike it is usually easy to just stop and pick up your phone , and move on when you are done with the phone . 
  i am totally with you . 
  it is totally unnecessary and i think the use of mobile phones should be banned both on bike and while driving a car ( of course the usual exceptions ) . 
  there also are headsets for these scenarios . 
  well , what would be an appropriate fine in your opinion ? 
  it is still a minor offence . 
   you wo n't believe this but two trucker buddies of mine claim they were asked for bribes in germany - by german police . 
  oh i can believe this . 
  unfortunately , we are n't entirely free of that cancer either . 
  but then , no country is . 
   my mother died of cancer in romania . 
  i am sorry about that . 
   let 's just say each nurse ( 6 of them ) got 100 eur ( and yes , i know , my mother was overdoing it - she was just legit scared ) . 
  the doctors got much more - before the surgery . 
  and this is worrisome to me . 
  this should not be required to happen anywhere . 
   in hungary i never bribed anyone , but i witnessed my cousin bribing a po 16 years ago for a red light violation . 
  have n't bribed anyone either . 
   true that !, 
  but frankfurt is !, 
  - how so germany backs this tax ? 
  we are currently talking with a group of nine other countries about introducing this tax since we believe it would be stupid to introduce it unilaterally . 
  we would prefer it for the whole eu but 10 countries are better than none . 
  i think the decision will be made next month . 
   in case of hungary the tax is 0.3 % - this tax is one of the things which got us out of the hole in 2010 ( without raising taxes for the population even more ) . 
  i have a hard time believing that this can fix the hole given the size of your financial sector . 
  the tax is predicted to yield around 6 bn in italy , which is significantly bigger and which has a signficantly bigger financial sector . 
  this is 0.1 % though . 
   of course some see it as corruption , we pay health care taxes - so health care should be free ( for insured ) so why should anyone pay extra ? 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  in my mind it clearly is corruption . 
  but my opinion here does not matter in this regard as corruption is measured by the opinion of the local population . 
  they are n't going to a random german and ask `` how corrupt do you think is hungary ? '', 
   trouble is that doctors are paid shit here . 
  for example a resident doctor makes around 500 eur/month . 
  its still wrong as it is ` expected ' and not a mere showing of gratitude . 
   so , some people give doctors money to make up for this ( residents do n't get side money btw ) . 
  most give because they think they will get better care - there is an urban legend about a patient committing suicide after the doctor refused the money so he thought it 's a death sentence . 
  anyway , we 're lucky in a weird sense , unlike neighboring romania we give money after the surgery and not before . 
  well , some elderly people in germany tend to give some money to the nurses who took care of them at the end of their stay . 
  but its usually not a lot of money ( like 10 $ for the whole team ) and it is simply a nice gesture , not because they expect better treatment . 
   in case of hungary we do n't speak so much about plain embezzlement but about giving public contracts to friends . 
  let 's say there 's a contract with eu money . 
  government makes a tender which contains ( purely by accident ) conditions to which my friend 's company is fully qualified . 
  ... aaaand same thing with almost all public contracts . 
  heck , when the orban gvnt decided all cigarettes can be sold only in a limited number specialized shops , there were leaks in one of the cities where one can clearly hear `` we 'll give license only to our friends '' < - nobody got in prison btw well , this clearly is some kind of corruption . 
  and this kind actually matters more than the actions of the city in my opinion . 
   i was thinking more about libor scandal for example . 
  well , a lot of countries were involved in this . 
  including us and switzerland . 
  interestingly , all of the countries involved in the libor scandal have something in common : they are generally amongst the least corrupt nations in the world . 
   also , one can not stop noticing that the uk gvt is fiercely defending the city and opposing the eu backed transaction tax ( we have this tax in hungary for quite some while btw ) - this being also one of the arguments of brexiters . 
  well , it is their good right to do that . 
  i do not exactly agree with the status quo , but it is no criminal activity that is affected by this tax generally . 
   ( we have this tax in hungary for quite some while btw ) hungary is not an important location for finance however . 
  i doubt that there is a significant amount of money inflow from this origin . 
   is the finance sector really bringing so much money to uk ? 
  ( i do n't know ) yes . 
  over 20 % of their gdp is generated in the city . 
   giving `` gratitude money '' to doctors after surgery , is still debated whether is daily corruption or `` gratitude '' . 
  the fact that is debated means that there is a certain part of the population that sees it as corruption . 
  which would have an effect on the surveys about corruption . 
   however , world , the local dog ( puli , vizsla , etc ) , the kitchen sink and the bath tube , all agree that our governments are/were corrupt as hell . 
  i think there are people in every country shouting that `` the government is corrupt '' .
