  i also doubt that the uk negotiators have forgot how to do this - their last bits date back six years . 
   i am not so sure about this . 
  the eu was already putting pressure on canada and was set to install visa requirements on canada until they gave an extension , and canada has said it wont change things so we will see what happens when the new date arrives . 
  well , naturally . 
  of course we will try to change your mind before we try to change the mind of our people . 
   so if the now two strongest members of the eu want a vote on it that would pretty much ensure a vote will be required no ? 
  france and germany already were the strongest members before the uk left . 
  i hope so . 
  because i would consider everything else undemocratic . 
  ceta goes beyond a regular fta . 
   i meant quick in international agreement terms . 
  canada and the uk have one of the strongest relationships in the world . 
  unlike dealing with a massive block of nations , a deal between two strong allies would not take very `` long '' . 
  i would guess that depending on the date for actual brexit , if it is a few years away , canada and the uk could very well have a trade agreement ready to go by then . 
  well , hopefully . 
  but fortunately , it is no downgrade at least . 
  it is not like you are coming from a position where you have an fta and lose these advantages due to the brexit . 
  that would be worse . 
   canada is not going to change its visa system and romania and bulgaria have said they will block ceta as long as the visas for them are in place . 
  i have heared this but i do n't think this will kill ceta . 
  it is very possible that the other states will exercise pressure onto these countries . 
  cyprus eventually agreed to the deal with turkey despite it being a very problematic isusue for them . 
   from what i have been told all member states within the eu must approve the deal for it to be accepted . 
  this is up for debate at the moment . 
  the nation states claim that it is a so-called `` mixed agreement '' and thus needs ratification in every parliament . 
  the eu seems to take the standpoint that it is n't and thus does n't need the approval of the nation states . 
  most importantly , france and germany want to have a vote on it and i doubt that the eu could do this against the will of these two countries . 
  italy however has signalled that they are willing to side with the eu on this . 
  we will see how it plays out i guess . 
   canada will move quick for a new fta with the uk however . 
  `` quick '' - i have not seen a quickly negotiated trade agreement in recent times . 
  it is a very complicated matter . 
  if you start right away ( which seems unlikely to me ) , you will probably need at least two or three years . 
  for what reason ? 
  thanks !, 
  unfortunately it is almost impossible to have a discussion about ttip on reddit without being downvoted into the abyss . 
  at least if you take my stance . 
  the usual stuff when it comes to trade agreements : more trade , better and cheaper products for the customer , more wealth for both sides . 
  less bureaucracy . 
  possible increased employment and economic growth . 
  and competitive advantage over countries who do not have a trade agreement with you or your partner . 
   considering that tourism it 's the only thing that reduces our trade deficit wrong . 
  [ you export a good variety of goods of all kinds ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/esp/ ) . 
  your good exports exceed the value of all tourist-related income in your country . 
  it is very very unlikely that something like acta will be included in the ttip treaty . 
  tisa is a better candidate for that . 
  and considering the security - the leaks do not support this notion . 
  and do n't forget that the european parliament will have a vote on it - the parliament that killed acta . 
   so your only argument for ttip is that it 's transparent ? 
  it was meant to be chronological . 
  their first claims are that they are intransparent and i contested that . 
  as i said , i did not write more than the first few points because of a lack of interest in the community . 
   i honestly do n't see that , it obviously shows both sides . 
  thing is : their wrong facts and misrepresentations alone disqualify this as a neutral piece . 
  their choice of people to interview is one-sided as well . 
  they invited exactly the same people that are always invited to this kind of `` discussion '' and who are profoundly anti-tiip/isds . 
  karajewski is pretty much the most vocal legal scholar opposing ttip . 
   i could n't find a docu on why ttip is great for the eu . 
  there is n't any as far as i am concerned . 
  it is the same with the newspapers . 
  there is a very small number of good/neutral articles on ttip/ceta . 
  most people writing about it have no legal schooling and generally no clue what they are talking about . 
   the reason why i do n't like ttip is because i do n't like the american system of pure , unregulated capitalism . 
  i do n't like that either . 
  but consider this : germany is a much more frequent user of free trade agreements than the us . 
  yet we are who we are and they are who they are . 
  the whole reason for the negotiation is to establish * exceptions * from full free trade . 
   if they manage to make a deal where we both are able to freely trade with us and keep our own eu regulations . 
  i disagree . 
  we need to ensure that we have the same standard of protection . 
  it does not matter whose standard it is as long as it ensures good protection for us . 
  let 's take truck mirrors for example : the us and the eu have different requirements , both are equally safe . 
  it simply does not matter which standard prevails , what matters is that we can both agree on one . 
  same for example considering crash tests . 
  a standard is not superior because it is european . 
  also : banking regulation is tougher in the us . 
  i would like to see the same over here . 
  with the uk out of the picture , this becomes a lot more likely . 
   the us have a history with nafta on promesing things and then breaking them . 
  it is in our hands to do this . 
  the eu is a much more potent partner than canada or mexico are . 
   in your opinion , what would it need to contain for you to consider it good ? 
  it needs to ensure that neither side is too dominant and that the safety and health standards to not decrease . 
  i would like to see access to the public market of the us ( very complicated issue ) and i would like to see some kind of investment protection ( i do not care whether it is isds or a court ) . 
  it 's a bit difficult to get all that specific . 
   what kind of misinformation are you talking about ? 
  pretty much everything you will get told when you ask why ttip is bad . 
  gmos , chlorine chickens , secret courts , lost profits , abolishing state-owned businesses , preventing legislation , stopping environmental protection etc. 
  additionally , the isds cases that are `` cited '' because they apparently indicate how bad it is - the problem is that pretty much everyone is misquoted when used in an argumentation on reddit . 
  well , let me tell you that germany is the country that maintains the highest number of bits in the world . 
  by a large margin . 
  at no point , there was a significant public discussion about any of these agreements ( apart from the first attempt to an agreement with the us ) . 
  you have to ask yourself whether the trade agreement will actually increase the trade deficit . 
  even if you are alredy at a deficit , free trade can cause this to decrease . 
  to ensure that this is somewhat kept in balance , we have the negotiations . 
  it is not like we are simply getting rid of all tariffs . 
  the negotiations are a thing mainly because of the various exceptions the different countries demand so that they do not lose out on the agreement . 
  this is not supported by evidence . 
  just random speculation . 
   go ahead , debunk that `` one sided opinion '' honestly , i have thought of writing a long comment about why it is wrong when it was posted on / r/de eight months ago .
