  the same way that they are allowed to do it , i am allowed to criticize their actions . 
  i simply said that i dislike actions like this one , where the sole purpose is simply pissing off people just for the sake of it . 
  i never said that they should not be allowed to do so , nor that there should be any limits to free speach ( asides from the ` usual exceptions ' ) . 
  who is talking about censorship ? 
  i am certainly not . 
  there is a difference between ` accidentally ' offending someone and purposefully doing so . 
   from what you 've written so far , i think the same about you . 
  you are free to make up your own opinion . 
   but that does n't make it right for anybody to harm you . 
  or even get angry with you about your bullshit . 
  i agree with the first part , not with the second one . 
  i fully expect ( especially in this context ) people to be upset or to get angry at me for my statement . 
   precisely . 
  that should answer your question . 
  i did not ask a question ? 
  this is what i ahve been saying the whole time ? 
   and if you make cartoons mocking him , nobody will even think of harming you in any way . 
  that 's called `` being civilized '' . 
  this is not my point . 
   the goal is not purely to piss people off . 
  the goal is to carve out space in the public domain for people to discuss issues without being intimidated by large religious groups . 
  this action is by the `` group against the islamization of denmark '' or something equal . 
  maintaining free speech is hardly their goal or at least only a secondary target . 
  i have seriously no problems with charlie hebdo style actions , they are against everyone equally . 
  however this is just ... 
  i think that this is just for the purpose of pissing people off . 
  i actually think that all of them are arseholes . 
  did i anywhere appreciate or justify the killings ? 
  in fact , i despise these actions . 
  i also never said that we should limit the right of free speech in any way . 
  the people are free to say and state whatever they want . 
  nevertheless that does not exclude them from judgement of their actions . 
   actually yeah . 
  you are commenting on an article about it . 
  wat  censorship ! , please more censorship ! . 
  hurt feelings noo :( ( the sub rules are pretty clear . 
  call it whatever you want . 
   and people are free to say whatever they want . 
  never contested that . 
  that however still makes them a subject for judgement of other people . 
   that 's why we had 300 years of war because of that shit and now the bible has no meaning in european laws . 
  the quran does n't either . 
  less than ~ ~ 5 % ~ ~ 10 % of muslims in germany ( in total 300.000 people or 0.3 % of total pop . ), 
  advocate for the introduction of the sharia . 
   you have every right ( okay you do n't because insulting is not free speech ) to do so and i 'm very happy that you take this right instead of a lynch mob like it happend in a german shelter already . 
  insulting is very much covered by free speech . 
  sorrry to disappint you . 
  unless it touches your honour , it is covered . 
  i am not limiting anything . 
  i repeatedly said that these people have a right to do so . 
  however having the law on your side does not make you less of an asshole in this case . 
   the sole purpose of this is to show free speech is more important than feelings . 
  this argument is not really valid . 
  people dont go forth and piss of random people ( in a non-religious context ) to show how important free speech is . 
  this kind of action is actually pretty exclusive to the said topic . 
   more important than the sick world-view muslims have . 
  generalization ( that , by the way , is prohibited by the sub rules ) . 
   more important that the imaginations of a paedophile murderer called mohammed ( shit be upon him ) . 
  well , people are free to believe in whoever they want . 
  many people in the west praise martin luther , who , according to various sources , had strong antisemitic beliefs . 
   the quran is 90 % against our laws and the declaration of human rights . 
  you could say the same about a lot of things written in the bible . 
  i wont stop you from doing what you propoesed . 
  in fact i do not really care . 
  however i reserve myself the right to call you an asshole for it . 
  well , it makes you an asshole in my opinion . 
  like does with every action that only has the goal of pissing off people does , no matter if it is a religious background or not . 
  `` im gon na piss them off that will show them '' . 
  why do you think you would n't offend anybody by doing so ? 
  just the fact that it is not a criminal offence here ( for good reason ) does not make people happy about you doing so . 
  of course there is a possibility that you offend people by doing so . 
  and sure , you have the right to do so , there is nobody and no law that would prohibit you doing so . 
  nevertheless you are being a dick just for the purpose of being a dick . 
  there are more intelligent ways to ` deal ' with this kind of things . 
  nobody talks of prohibiting anything . 
  but it very much makes you an asshole in my opinion . 
   if so , could n't he simply say later that 's in fact another muhammad ? 
  who should believe him ? 
  and why would he say that ? 
  the sole purpose of this is to piss off people explicitly because he is painting caricatures of the prophet muhammad . 
  i dont have to sympathize with the use of ` free ' speech if its only purpose is to piss off people . 
  this does not mean that i deny his right to exercise it , but i can nevertheless think and say that it is stupid . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we took in the turks because we needed workforce , there is nothing wrong about that . 
  refugees , by any international agreement , are supposed to leave the country once the conflict is over unless they have been able to acquire citizenship in the meanwhile . 
  the turkish people were no refugees ... 
  well , of course it was n't pleasant . 
  that was never my point . 
  i simply said that your year was wrong and that requesting people to leave ( well , it surely wasnt pleasant ) , even if emphatically , doesnt really qualify as `` kicked out '' . 
  but i dont know what your family experienced , so you might be right . 
  not really . 
  at least for the on-shore part eni , edf and wintershall were there from the eu side . 
   now they bring the gas to the greek border and still no money to bring it into the eu . 
  actually they are doing nothing currently . 
  south stream is halted due to the uncertainty in turkey . 
  not really . 
  the number of refugees from bosnia and herzegovina remained [ pretty stable until 1996 ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/ds27_2_d.htm ) . 
  and quite frankly , there is nothing wrong with requesting refugees to leave once the war is over . 
  `` kicking out '' is a harsh term by the way . 
  only a tiny majority was deported , the vast majority chose to leave on their own accord ( we even gave them quite a bit of money on the way ) .
