  the opposition against ttip is mainly focussed on other things though . 
  it is focussed on things like gmo , chlorine chickens and isds . 
   no , i disagree that 's some post-political bs . 
  politics is about how we divide generated goods and finite resources among the society . 
  society might decide to reward some people more or some less . 
  yes , in the end it 's about who gets bigger piece of the cake . 
  we have democracy to resolve it in peaceful manner . 
  this is a problem that you can adress without taking ftas into account though . 
   less money ? 
  or less goods ? 
  i do n't mind if we became `` poorer '' on average if it is because superrich become less rich . 
  you do not achieve this by not creating new ftas though . 
  you might achieve that the rich become `` less richer '' ( in terms of increase of wealth , not decline ) , but this does n't help the average worker either . 
   in 2009 when shit hit the fan almost every country has released stuimilus packages and it worked . 
  and then quickly everyone came back to `` hands-off '' approach to not unsettle corporations . 
  yes , ultimately we do n't know if it wo n't work but why stick to austerity if we know it does n't for sure ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  i was n't planning on starting a discussion about austerity here , i merely thought this quote also fits to the topic we are discussing here . 
  but here 's a short answer : who is going to pay ? 
  for countries like germany , czechia or norway - who cares whether we pursue austerity or not . 
  but for greece , they do not have the means to pursue any other kind of policy . 
  and an expansionist approach financed by the rest of the ez will never happen for obvious reasons . 
   it is if you disregard people 's opinion on something that influences them a lot like ftas and globalization . 
  if you say 85 % of people is wrong and we should proceed to what some `` experts '' say then that is technocracy . 
  a dead end of politics . 
  it is n't . 
  it is about what criticism deserseves to be taken into account . 
  why should politicians consider opinions they know are fundamentally flawed and wrong ? 
  what the politicians need to do is do a better job at is explaining these things . 
   but in terms of economics working class interests are very muvh opposite to businessmen . 
  not necessarily . 
  of course you can implement policy that only benefits one side , but there are things that will benefit both sides . 
   on the opposite , if you disregard people 's opinion and assume there is some best model that benefits everyone then politics is pointless , just take some `` experts '' and let them do the choices , no ? 
  accountability is still a thing - just retroactively . 
  which is the right attempt in my opinion . 
  germany is the country with the most bits in the world and we could surely be in a worse position . 
   ok , so rising inequalities , lesser social mobility etc. 
  are not caused by leading economical doctrine ? 
  welp , i guess aliens then . 
  you could also have lower inequalities but less money for everyone . 
  this would n't help anyone either . 
  i am fully willing to accept that the current economical model has significant flaws ( even though the things like social mobility etc. 
  are also caused by things that are not related to the economic policy in any way ) , but i will not walk away from it until someone comes up with a better one . 
  all models designed as alternatives have failed as far as i know . 
  what comes to my mind is the comment of streeck on mark blyth : \u201e mark blyth has brilliantly shown that austerity does not work . 
  however , he has failed to consider the possibility that expansion may not work either . `` - i would argue that it is the same here . 
   less democracy means technocracy . 
  or chaos . 
  this is n't any less democratic honestly . 
  we neither have imperative mandates nor a direct democracy . 
  for a good reason . 
   you assume that all the citizens have common interests . 
  they do n't . 
  if you take this standpoint , there is no point in making policy whatsoever . 
  it will never benefit everybody . 
  neither me nor jtalin suggested such a thing . 
  what matters more than doing what the electorate wants is doing what 's best for the citizens of the country , and these two are not always the same thing . 
   so you ca n't simply accept that people do n't want more free trade because it does n't bring much good ? 
  at least not if that opposition is based on wrong claims and facts . 
   that it would only make capital flight easier ? 
  not really to a relevant extend , no . 
   make the employment situation even less stable ? 
  the most significant threats for the german employed are not us employees , but fellow eu countries where the wages are * much * cheaper and where there are even fewer barriers . 
   ftas are supposed to help in free trade of goods . 
  if you do n't think that more free trade and globalization is better for working people then you do n't need to go into details to understand is not good for you . 
  actually , you need to understand it to have a qualified opinion on this . 
  protectionism always had the backing of a lot of people who simply think that we would be better off that way - when this simply is n't the reality . 
  there probably has n't been a country that has profited more from globalization than germany . 
   `` people are stupid and just do n't understand it '' is such a convenient cop-out that neoliberals came up with to disregard any public discontent and to remove economy from democratic control . 
  we elect politicians to make decisions that the average person is not capable of making due to a lack of education , understanding or knowledge . 
  call it anti-democratic , but i firmly believe that the electorate does n't know enough about this to have an opinion that deserves being taken into account . 
  much of the opposition is caused by an organized campaign that spreads wrong facts . 
   nothing wrong with forcing ttip against the wishes of the people ?? 
  are you serious right now ? 
  fully serious . 
  simply because i can not take the stop-ttip protesters seriously . 
  i have n't met a single one yet who even understood the basics of such a trade agreement and their opposition is mainly focussed on propaganda , misunderstandings and wrong facts . 
   allowed us to spy on germans well , there is n't much she could do against it . 
  what do you expect her to do ? 
  sanction the us ? 
   that wanted to force ttip deal nothing wrong with that . 
   that blocks any much needed reforms to eurozone to prevent eu from collapse in case you missed it : the `` reforms '' that are frequently fielded to `` fix '' the eurozone ( eurobonds , fiscal transfers etc. ), 
  have a very difficult stand in the german parliament . 
  merkel is aware of the mood of the population and in her party . 
  can you link that study ? 
   take the bmw factory there is no way they are moving that to or even start a new one in the uk just for the small percentage that is bound for the uk . 
  there is also the issue of supply lines . 
  where do the parts come from ? 
  the uk is almost as important to bmw as germany in terms of sales . 
  i think you underestimate how much we export to the uk . 
  i am pretty sure that a gain in financial services and banking will be lower than the loss through a hard brexit for us . 
  you ignore two things : 1 . 
  the afd was just being founded at that time 2 . 
  the afd was a different party back then . 
  their topic was the euro , not immigration in 2013 . 
  this changed later . 
   both are good points , although for that last one i would expect them to try and buy up transportation companies for seafaring for example . 
  they have greece for that to be honest . 
  better location , cheaper investment , more political influence . 
   or perhaps it really is about ` storing ' money since it 's not like the energy grid is going anywhere .
