  of course , it will be easier for you to enforce harsher sanctions . 
  unless we really see the uk being ` constrained ' ( which is not the case ) , there is no point complaining about it . 
   i think you are incorrect that this has recently become an eu competence . 
  i think it has effectively been a competence of the brussels structures for a long while . 
  did n't we have a lengthy talk about this topic a few months ago ? 
  trade agreements and bits are declared a eu competence in 207 tfeu . 
  at least concerning bits , the countries were free to open talks with other countries until december 1 , 2009 . 
  [ 1219/2012 ( 7 ) ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2012:351:0040:0046:en:pdf ), 
  i am aware of what happened . 
  what i would expect in such a case however would be pis going to the court , the court declaring the unlawful nominations void and allowing pis to appoint ` their ' judges . 
  you can not justify the changes to the court with what po did . 
  and additionally , in my opinion it is a inferior model to have the judges appointed by the government . 
   was n't about democracy at all but about securing german interests in poland ? 
  of course . 
  the constitutional court is in fact a committee to protect german interests from the polish government . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  sidenote : even if the eu enforced everything , it would not change the fact that pis is having a majority currently . 
   or the better lawyers are able to twist laws / trade regulations to apply to places they were never intended to be in the first place . 
  this is just speculation without basis . 
  or do you have a source for that ? 
   and there are no loser pays mechanism in tpp for instance so that 's just untrue . 
  well , here is what the eu says :  ( 2 ) second , we will crack down on cases where companies have used legalistic technicalities to build frivolous cases against governments . 
  we will define exactly what treatment investors can and can not expect from host governments ; they will get no more and no less . 
  we will ban companies from simultaneously taking actions in domestic courts and under international investment agreements . 
  we will follow the principle that the loser pays the costs , thereby deterring speculative challenges . 
  [ source ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1008 ), 
   but it does show that the success rate of large companies is significantly higher , which is a problem of it 's own not certain . 
  the raw data does n't say much . 
  likely , the large cooperations just have better lawyers who can estimate whether there is a good chance for success or not . 
   not true . 
  the us is currently being sued by the company that wanted the keystone xl pipeline . 
  whether the case is successful or not is irrelevant as the us will have to cover their own legal costs average isds cost is about 4 millions for each side . 
  the us can * barely * afford that . 
  in future agreements , there will be a switch to a ` loser pays ' mechanism . 
   the $ 1000 here was just `` goodwill , '' it was n't required . 
  i know , and this makes demanding equal treatment even more pointless . 
   what were you referring to ? 
  exactly the deployment in syria . 
  from what i have noticed , the decision was a lot more reluctant than the decisions just a few years back ( libya for example ) . 
  look at cameron 's first attempt in 2013 for example . 
  it ` needed ' a terror attack in paris to get through with it . 
  ( okay , thats a bit oversimplified ) plus , but that 's not exclusive to the uk , a strict opposition against the use of ground forces . 
  that 's why i would argue that equal compensation is neither needed nor due . 
  the people themselves did not suffer from anything , individuals can not sue for air pollution here . 
  yes , the us issue is a lot more complicated . 
  from what i know , the fix wo n't be there until q3 or q4 . 
  i am totally fine with them handing out the 1,000 $ in the us and more , partly because your legal system is a lot more demanding , partly because the consequences for the customer are much more severe . 
  it is adequate given our policy on foreign engagements . 
  the problems that we have are only partly due to underfunding , mainly it 's just mismanagement and problems that are caused by the product itself ( talking about a400m , mh90 etc. ), 
  no , why should there be this fear ? 
  the fix is easy and relatively quick . 
  according to vw , the cars will meet the criteria given by the eu without consuming more fuel or having less power . 
  it is a 1 $ motor piece that is being replaced in conjunction with a software update . 
  that 's it . 
  check edit . 
   the correct comparator for the amount of exports that go to the rest of the world is not the amount that go to the eu , but the amount that would go to the rest of the world if we were not in the eu . 
  you are not fully using your potential currently , how would that change once you leave the eu ? 
   however , we should also have very strong relations with the rest of the world too and our relations with europe should not be at the expense of other relations . 
  there is * one * problem that limits your relations with other countries - the eus monopoly on trade agreements . 
  but then , we have to ask ourselves : why did n't the uk conduct talks about trade agreements in all the decades before this power was shifted to the eu very recently ? 
  if the recent developments with china have shown one thing , it is that you do not necessarily need a trade agreement to increase trade . 
   isolationist is when you are turning your back on the international community of nations . 
  the uk is going to stay a crucial part of nato , the unsc , the g8 , the commonwealth and a range of other international organisations . 
  if that is what you think of as islolationist , so be it . 
  but it is very far from the dictionary definition of isolationist . 
  the uk clearly wants to mind its own business more than it is today . 
  true , you will stay part of all these organisations , but the recent discussions about military deployments indicate to me that the uk wants to play a smaller role in this area . 
  i did not say you would go full isolationalist , but the tendency is there . 
  honestly , there is no need to compensate eu customers , especially not in the same way as in the us . 
  first of all , there is no legal way to force them . 
  secondly , eu sales have not suffered , additionally the fix needed here is minor and last but not least , the cars did not suffer a loss in value due to the crisis . 
  given that less than half of the uks exports go into the eu , it is very clear that eu membership does not severely limit the global focus . 
  it * does * make sense to have close ties to your neighbours . 
  you can talk about the uk having `` historical connections '' around the globe as much as you want , the raw numbers show that some of these ties are subpar at best . 
  uk-india trade is a joke ( even belgium exports more to india than you do , germany exports twice as much as you do ) . 
  exports to china are not even a quarter of germany 's . 
  obviously , there is more potential * within * the eu , you just are n't using it . 
  and no , i would argue that the attempt * is * isolationalist . 
   the average award is 20 million , because it 's is pulled down by smaller settlements and awards to smaller companies . 
  the linked study displays that the successful claims by very large companies (  10 billion ) resulted in 200 millions on average . 
  hardly ` common billion dollaw lawsuits ' . 
  they can claim whatever they want , what matters is the actual compensation . 
  7 billions from all multinational corps - well thats not exactly frightening . 
   cover their losses nonsense . 
   beating countries into obedience not possible with the countries that will be affected by ttip . 
   given that mega corporation can turn small investments of a few million , into billion dollar lawsuits , small companies should be able to turn investments of a few hundred thousands into hundred million dollar cases . 
  otherwise it would imply the system favours the ultra rich bullshit . 
  this comment indicates that you have no clue how the sums are fixed by the arbitration tribunals . 
   billions of dollars for countries in deep recessions is negligible , have you even read the document that was linked here ? 
  and by the way - the average payout of an isds case is $ 20 million . 
  we are simply talking about the amount of compensations companies recieve through isds . 
  which is not running counter to ` small and medium sized businesses will benefit the most ' . 
  there is more to ttip than isds and the amounts of money actually payed through isds are neglectable . 
   just look at the pathetic state of the bundeswehr for example . 
  this is oversimplified . 
  some branches of the bundeswehr do not even use up all their annual money , the helicopters have the same problems in every country no matter the funding , the a400m is delayed for all countries , the jets have problems due to saving at the wrong end ( they stopped maintaining a collection of spare parts ) . 
  funding is going to be increased significantly in the next years . 
  this is completely unrelated to what i said however ? 
  [ the changes are pretty interesting ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7141198/4-21012016-ap-en.pdf/f366dacf-bff5-467c-b8cd-ebfba6a44d5b ) , p. 2, 
  this article leaves one fact out of the equation : it is only natural that large cooperations will recieve the lions share of total compensations - simply because they are the only companies that conduct business with a volume that would even allow for compensation in the 100 + million dollar territory .
