  egypt cant afford to do that . 
  and they wont as it would strain their relationship with france and the west . 
  warships are not really suited to operate against his own population however . 
  yes , you could launch helicopter attacks with it . 
  however , he could do exactly the same from the landside . 
   this is the opposite of what the uk is doing , which seems strange !, 
  this is the opposite of what most countries are doing . 
  everyone born in 1964 or later will have 67 as regular retirement age in germany ( which means that we are about five years ` behind ' the uk ) . 
   why different ages for men and women ? 
  thats quite odd actually . 
  i could understand this if it was the * opposite * way . 
  women statistically live longer than men and are usually the younger counterpart in a marriage . 
  it was exactly this way in the uk until 2010 by the way . 
  i highly doubt that they will actually strip them of the eu money . 
  of course relation damage is done , but there was no real way to circumvent that . 
  and honestly : the countries continue to deal with greece despite all the fauxpas and blackmailing they have done . 
  i dont expect anything else here . 
  the czech republic can not really afford to strain its relatonship to germany too much . 
  and it goes both ways - germany does not want a bad relationship with these countries . 
  who says that they will actually get asylum seekers ? 
  they can ` easily ' opt out in exchange for monetary compensation . 
  the amount they would have to pay is , quite frankly , laughable . 
   we could be profiting more . 
  i blame our politicians for that , we should raise our taxes ( not to a level that would make them all move ) but we should raise our taxes . 
  well that does not really affect the rest of europe . 
  i assume you are right though . 
   they do n't . 
  even if there was an ipod factory in dublin , the profits from an ipod sold in germany would go to ~ ~ the us ~ ~ some offshore tax heaven . 
  ftfy . 
  its apple we are talking about . 
  a company that preferred taking a loan to pay a dividend instead of bringing money to the us . 
  actually apple payed 713 million euros in taxes in non-us countries . 
  given a profit of 28.4 billion , that is a whopping rate of 1.8 % . 
  you are right in saying that ireland did not make much profit from it , however they made it possible through having loopholes in their laws . 
   yes the employees pay taxes here , but that is a tiny proportion of the money that goes through the businesses , the real reason they are here is the low corporate tax . 
  thats what i said ? 
  i however brought that up to say that you are profiting from the company being in your country no matter what . 
  you would profit from that even if the companies would pay the taxes in the state where they made the profit . 
   american companies want people who speak fluent american as their first language . 
  most of them in europe are in ireland and the uk . 
  it is possible to run an english-speaking company without residing in country that has english as the common language . 
  of course it is a significant argument and i dont blame them for that . 
  however i do not think that they should pay taxes for profits made in other countries to you . 
   other european would have to provide substantially better deals for them to move their european headquarters to a `` foreign speaking '' country . 
  i know that is becoming less important with more recent machine translation , but it is still a big factor in keeping them here . 
  by that you mean `` better tax rates '' . 
  almost all european countries that have headquarters of major us companies have something in common : low taxes , no matter the language . 
   i am not pleased with the shady dealings of my government and i am sure there is some kind of bribery or corruption going on somewhere . 
  there are a small few in politics that are benefiting form this arrangement more than the irish people . 
  i dont think you need any corruption for that . 
  your country is profiting . 
   i also do n't think that big companies would invest heavily over here purely on the basis of our taxes , which are subject to change every year at budget time . 
  any example for a time when the corporate taxes were not low in ireland ? 
  they also have another argument : lax laws , e.g. 
  for privacy protection . 
   i really think if `` corporations are people too '' then they should be taxed the same rate as their employees . 
  if i pay 21 % on what i earn so should the company i work for . 
  the criticism is about the fact that it is possible to pay taxes in a country different to the one where the business is conducted . 
  there is no logical basis to this . 
  if apple sells something in germany - why should the irish state profit from that ? 
  what is the reasoning behind that ? 
  the irish state did * nothing * that would make them deserving this money . 
   the likes of intel , microsoft and so forth have thousands of employees here . 
  all the employees pay taxes in ireland . 
   the reasons in addition to corporation tax is we speak english and were cheaper labour than people in the uk , the until recently free third level education was a big part of it too . 
  mainly the tax though . 
  look where foreign put their headquarters in the eu . 
  it certainly is possible for them to put their european headquarters in a non-english-speaking country . 
   i 'd say we were part money laundering operation , but with some of the actual company actually working here . 
  this does not really make it better in my opinon . 
  if they have ` real activity ' on your soil , then they will actually pay taxes for it on your soil . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  paying taxes in your country for profits made in germany however is something different . 
  your country did nothing that would justify having any claims for this money . 
  asides from setting a low tax rate . 
  i by the way do not expect you to agree with me . 
  of course every country ( its citizens included ) wants to keep their advantages . 
  if someone proposed something that would make business for the german car makers significantly harder , i would likely be opposed to it as well . 
  where do you get the million from ? 
  the forecast for this year is between 800k and one million , that does not mean that we will accept a million people . 
  and people very much want to work . 
  i think the issue is more that the people lack the skills or the language to find the job than it is people refusing to find a job . 
   and germany relies heavily on it 's exports . 
  if they drop germany is gon na get rekt . 
  this has been this way since forever . 
  no matter whether we have refugees or not . 
  however we have been quite successful with this attempt so far . 
   i think we can take it to mean that there is a silent but significant number of germans whose thinking is more to the right of the `` center-right cdu '' . 
  well , 5-10 % of the population . 
  considering the percentages nationalist parties get in our neighboring countries , i dont think that this is * that * bad . 
   good or bad ? 
  i dunno , but certainly interesting to watch it play out . 
  the good part is that the neo-nazis get less votes . 
  the ` bad ' part is that people who hold ` right ' opinions but still dislike nazis dont vote cdu anymore but afd , shifting the national political landscape a bit to the right . 
  from a democratic perspective , this is good as every group deserves a party/representative representing their opinion . 
  however , i think it can have some bad effects on the general policymaking . 
  and based on what ? 
  similar numbers of unemployemnt did * not * cause our economy to crash five years ago . 
  why should they now , especially considering that we have * more * people in employment and a lot more tax flow to the government nowadays . 
   how many people are going into germany who ca n't speak a common language above 90 % , for sure .
