  i agree with you on that - this does not mean that we do not respect gays or treat them as lower human beings . 
  marriage equality is the final , missing , part , yes , but you have to look at mike pence 's opinions on gays to see why it might be justified to mention them here . 
   they are not . 
  they certainly are . 
   lots of political opinions are banned in germany . 
  by law ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   freedom of expression is severely curtailed much more than in the usa . 
  the same can be said about every single country on the world that is not the usa . 
  freedom of speech without any boundaries is a concept , but it is not said that the concept is superior to all other concepts in this regard . 
   and how many votes exactly did merkel get to be the leader of her party ? 
  merkel recieved 96.72 % of the votes of the cdu delegates in 2014 after reaching 97.9 % in 2012 . 
  the last time i checked , london was neither in germany nor under german infuence . 
  every country is perfectly fine to set its own immigration policy . 
  the last larger waves of migration into germany happened in the 70s - there is no point in arguing about this now . 
  since then , we mainly had immigration from other eu countries , which seriously does not pose problems to us . 
  uhm . 
  and even if it was - this does n't justify anything about commenting about it here . 
  well , enlighten me . 
  what are you talking about , if not the refugee crisis ? 
  this comment of yours does n't even make any sense . 
  why ca n't there be a * single * thread on / r/europe without people commenting about immigrants or refugees ? 
  no matter how unrelated the topic is , there will always be that one guy who feels like talking about the issue in the comments . 
  god knows why . 
  and to answer your question : first of all , there is no need for a popular vote in a representative democracy , secondly , merkels actions that are often described as `` opening the borders '' had the approval of an * overwhelming * majority of germans ( talking 70 % + ) at the time . 
  edit : a word, 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
  they are now , and this is what matters . 
  i would also argue that `` none '' is inaccurate . 
  op butchered the headline a bit . 
  merkel talked about `` common values '' , including democracy , freedom , respect for every human being no matter the origin , skin colour , sexual orientation or political opinion . 
  and that 's somewhat justified based on what trump said and did during the campaign . 
   the latest data i saw reported a 40 % increase in crime in germany for the first part of 2015 , if i remember correctly . 
  likewise the crimes in berlin have skyrocket . 
  please link that data . 
  i am only aware of a single report talking about such a significant increase in numbers - a report by the federal police concerning crimes in train stations . 
  on the one hand , they were caused by an increase in theft ( which was mainly caused by eastern european criminal organizations ) and violations of asylum and residency laws - `` crimes '' that do not affect the population in any way , crimes that do not do harm to anyone . 
  [ here is the official police crime statistic for 2015 ] ( https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2016/pks-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) - the overall number of crimes increased by 4.1 % , but only due to violations of rules on asylum etc. 
  - the core crime rate shows a change of exactly 0,0 % compared to 2014 . 
   i think you are gravely mistaken if you think spending billions of euros is about sustainability or accounting , it is not . 
  it is about fairness and willingness of germans to do spend billions on refugees who many see as a disturbance . 
  it is about whether it is a right choice of the state to funnel billions on refugees . 
  thing is : the social benefits would not have been increased , no matter what . 
  refugees or not . 
  any clash between the benefits for nationals and refugees is purely artificial and theoretical . 
  do you have a term limit for your pm ? 
   10.000 per month is a lot adding family reunion as well family reunion is n't really worth mentioning at the moment . 
   but then you also have to mention the million who recently arrived 890,000 , out of which over a third has been declined . 
   increased crime , rapes no significant changes in the rates of these crimes . 
  which is what matters . 
  increased total numbers mean shit when you have an increase in population . 
   massive government spending spending that does not really cause any problems for us . 
  in fact , we are actually using less money on the refugees than we estimated . 
   then on top of that you need to add the on going tension with the various established german muslims communities . 
  on that , we will see . 
   on climate change , there is a difference denying it or questioning to which extend humans contribute honestly , it is idiotic no matter what . 
  the afd is on a three month low and it is very possible that this trend continues due to decreasing refugee numbers ( we likely wo n't even hit 300k this year ) . 
   just like clinton was projected to win , even big . 
  we are not talking about fluctuations of the same magnitude here . 
  we also do n't have some kind of ridiculous election system . 
   in reality afd are already influencing german politics on immigration . 
  so are the csu and the right wing of the cdu . 
  the refugee streams are drying out ( slightly above 10,000 arrivals per month , everyone , including a majority of afd sympathizers is fine wiht that ) - what 's left of the afd in this case ? 
  an overwhelming majority in the population firmly rejects the other proposals of the afd like a return to a very conservative world view or denying climate change . 
   they 'll be ( largely ignored ) opposition if their `` work '' in the state parliaments is a reliable indicator , they will also be completely useless as opposition . 
  well , we had to live with that fear for four decades . 
  i know it sucks , but i still think that it is completely unlikely to happen . 
  what do you consider a `` significant portion '' ? 
  and what do you consider the `` ideas of the afd '' - they are a pool of ideas that can go from conservative to radical . 
   i also think the afd in germany wil be a force to be reckoned with only if we have some kind of terrorist attack or a repeat of the events of new years eve . 
  otherwise they will be a sizable opposition , but still small enough to ignore them . 
  oh , i do not contest the fact that our militaries are underfunded . 
  i just got pissed by hearing this wrong claim over and over again . 
  10-15 ,000 troops . 
   ( remember german 's using broomsticks ? ) . 
  why the hell would you use exactly this example to point at the problems in our armies ? 
  in case you missed it despite it being repeated over and over again : the vehicle was never meant to carry a machine gun as it was a command vehicle . 
  we had other vehicles with machine guns around . 
   i have also heard estimates that all of nato could n't defend the baltic states or finland , even if the politicians were certain they wanted to defend finland which is only an eu obligation . 
  accurate . 
   the question as those planners saw it was if germany would be overrun before american reinforcements could arrive , or not . 
  also a couple hundred thousand people were projected to die in a matter of days . 
  accurate . 
  but there is a fundamental difference : the amount of russian troops on the western borders is n't even remotely comparable to the number of troops in the gdr - the gdr and the soviet union had over 600,000 troops on the territory of the gdr alone - that 's over 50 % of the strength of the current day russian army . 
  an attack in the case of the gdr would not give much time for a response - gearing up similar amounts of troops on the western border of russia would . 
   if only conventional weapons are used russia is certain to win it depends on what you qualify as a `` win '' . 
  western experts have been quite consistent in arguing that russia could not support a large-scale offensive deep into enemy territory . 
  they might be able to chip away from some smaller countries , but they surely are n't capable of much more than that . 
  sheer numbers only get you so far . 
   there were votes on that ? 
  yeah . 
  nebraska voted in favor of reinstating capital punishment . 
  oklahoma has strengthened legislation in favor of the death penalty . 
  apart from the fact that * every * poll has merkel winning currently . 
  it depends on some things with the iran nuclear deal . 
  i sincerely doubt that any european country is willing to reintroduce sanctions here - this would be the us alone . 
  well , i certainly hope that she will endure this for four more years ... for the sake of her country . 
  exactly . 
  it is not like most of these bases are used for anything that even remotely reminds of country defense anyways .
