  we can be sure that it is better if information of this kind is not released on places like this . 
  this is not really about scientific theories but about interpreting publically available numbers and putting them into context . 
  if a country introduces stricter gun control and the homicide rate decreases after that , especially compared to other , similar countries , and that trend remains for years , it is pretty safe to say that there is a correlation . 
  sorry it 's late . 
  i stickied that name to your username when you mentioned it somewhere because i found it to be quite unique . 
  i obviously was n't really aware that i was using the wrong name . 
  apologies , man , 
  its more about the fact that we tend to do wrong decisions in knee-jerk action when we are scared . 
  it always depends on the conditions ( like checks , tests , permits ) , the society ( diverse , not diverse , equal etc. ), 
  and the authorities . 
  this is about police personnel carrying weapons . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  i am aware of that . 
  does n't really make it better unfortunately . 
   is it not bad enough that the other 29 % finds it to be justifiable ? 
  math is hard and if you read what logan wrote , the share of people approving it is 8 % . 
  unfortunately every society and religion has its idiots , even the well developed societies of the west . 
   and we should let them enforce their own archaic laws in western countries , where laws already exist ? 
  at least speaking for germany , the support for application of the sharia here is pretty low . 
  what do you think about scientific findings that stricter gun control laws directly correlate with lower homicide rates involving firearms then ? 
   i know you do not have a right to `` defend yourself and your family . '', 
  hence why i asked the question if you wanted that right . 
  in this case , the answer is a simple no . 
   i think it 's a nice distribution . 
  the question is how many of these shootings would have occured if weapons were less common in the us . 
  the other question is how many people have died because a concealed carrier has made a wrong decision/misinterpreted a situation or simply because there would n't have been any firearms involved in a situation . 
   when considering how `` regular '' mass shootings are , i must say they 're actually very rare ( especially when you take into account how much larger the united states is that many european countries ) . 
  even adjusted to population size , the shootings are a lot more common . 
  [ according to this list ] ( http://shootingtracker.com/wiki/mass_shootings_in_2015 ) there have been over 300 mass shootings in the us in 2015 . 
  you can not deny that the homicide rate with fireams in the us is beyond good . 
  we had 54 people killed by firearms in germany last year , if you multiply that to match your population , we would have 220 dead people . 
  and that is considering that germany is faring worse than a lot of other countries . 
   the latter of which involve guns that are not legally owned . 
  given a wide availability of weapons , acquiring a weapon illegally gets a lot cheaper and easier . 
   i think switzerland is one of the most armed country in europe . 
  carrying arms in public is severely limited though ( compared to parts of the us ) . 
  which is what op is talking about . 
  i do n't and most people i know do n't . 
  in fact , i would feel a lot unsafer if i knew that half the people running around me are armed . 
  i 'm somewhat okay with people owning guns for hunting or sports as long as people store them safely and prevent third party access . 
  contrary to the us , ` defending yourself and your family ' is not a ( permitted ) purpose of owning guns and firearms in general in most european countries . 
  i also doubt that it would have any positive effect . 
  you partly have the right of concealed carrying of guns , nevertheless i have yet to read a story where mass shootings in your country are prevented by it . 
  the number of deaths by firearms in your country is amongst the highest in the civilized world ( beating even some less civilized countries ) . 
  you have mass shootings so often that you can almost call it ` regularly ' . 
  it also makes the lives of policemen a lot less safe and especially talking about the attacks in paris : if police tries to ` conquer ' an occupied building , they wo n't have the time to decide who is a terrorist and who is not , they will shoot at everyone holding a weapon . 
  exercises in schools of your country ( involving nra people ) have shown that it can end up that everybody is shooting at everybody and that there are a lot more casualties than needed . 
  the system has worked for over a decade now . 
  yes , many people think its a bad idea . 
  but there is also a whole lot of people liking the system . 
  and i can tell you : terrorists attacks happen even with closed borders . 
  look at your own country . 
  only collect data from bad people ^ / s, 
  why do people always come with the same stupid suggestion ? 
  you cant legally deport to a war area . 
  there is seriously no civilized country that would do so . 
  there are few countries benefiting more from europe and the euro than germany . 
  why would we try to destroy it ? 
   ah i see but i suspect other countries do not prosecute radical muslims as much for inciting violence . 
  this is beyond our power . 
  every country has to make its own decisions and live with the consequences . 
  we have to look where integration works well and what these countries do right ( and maybe what some others do wrong ) and model our processes after this knowledge . 
  i do think that we certainly have flaws currently , we especially have to watch out to prevent the creation of parallel societies . 
  they dont necessarily have to be harmful ( the poles in chicago would be a good example i guess ) but they pose a threat in case things go wrong . 
  we unfortunately ca n't . 
  yes , we prosecute holocaust denial . 
  this does not mean we have no nazis . 
  in fact , our nazi party even has a seat in the european parliament and some state parliaments . 
  we apply the same rules on both sides : if a nazi calls for ` death to all jews ' , he will be prosectued . 
  if a radical muslim calls for ` death to all christians ' , he will be prosecuted . 
  ( simplified , of course ) what would be the best starting point is replacing foreign funding for the islamic education in germany as the preachers the foreign countries send here are usually too conservative . 
  i think that this hypothesis severely lacks a basis . 
  the stream from the balkans was there before the large amounts of syrians started coming here and to my knowledge it is mainly economic migration because people see zero perspective in their home countries . 
  the current crisis made things worse as it drove down the prices of getting to germany ( capitalism at work ) . 
  i was thinking exactly the same when talking about bombs on the internet . 
  this tells us nothing about his background . 
  he could be a native french that is supporting isis . 
  he could be a legal migrant . 
  unless we know , its all just pointless speculation . 
  it completely nullifies your argument that this comes from ` uncontrolled immigration ' though . 
   now using this against refugees is simple the dumbest thing to do since most of theser refugees try to run away from these bastards that do such terrostic attacks . 
  its not dumb , its pathetic . 
  especially since nothing is known about the attacksers besides that they likely have an islamist background . 
  how am i supposed to know why they attacked france ? 
   i wonder why none of this ever happens in america , because as far as making things worse in the middle east we are numero uno . 
  uhm . 
  the 9/11 terrorists learned flying a plane inside the us . 
  germany has hundreds of thousands of refugees from muslim societies , yet we have no terror attacks . 
  we have multiple times the refugees of france yet no terror attacks . 
  some of the terrorists reportedly chanted `` this is for syria '' in french during the attacks . 
  this is likely less about immigration policy than about involvement in syria . 
  no i really mean that it is n't a sensible solution . 
  bombs , suicide bombers , grenades and submachine guns . 
  i doubt that this is a sensible solution , especially since nothing is known about this so far . 
  no faction has claimed anything so far . 
  but according to reports , some of the terrorists chanted ` alahu akbar ' and ` for syria ' during the attacks . 
  i think that might be a bit far-fetched . 
  france has the most extensive surveillance laws in whole europe . 
  they have suffered three terror attacks within one year nevertheless . 
  it is not proven that internet surveillance is in fact saving countless lives .
