  you can pretty much see where it is ` just ' reporting and where someone expresses an opinion . 
  its off the table anyways . 
  look again , i was not justifying germanys current acting , not defending their approach to the crisis . 
  nevertheless , comparing the current actions to actions of war that happened centuries ago plus claiming that we germans did not change at all despite the experiences of the last century is just ignorant and hostile . 
  i do not even know what to reply . 
  your post is full of ignorance , prejudice and misinformation . 
  germany is not ` fucking over greece ' for the pleasure of fucking up other countries . 
  the parallels you are trying to draw are just wrong . 
  [ just check the guardian live feed , it covers pretty much everything that happened today and also gives some background ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/12/greek-debt-crisis-eu-leaders-meeting-cancelled-no-deal-live ), 
   sch\u00e4uble is chair of the bod because the minfin always is . 
  actually the finmin and the minister of economy swap this position annually . 
  for what reasony exactly ? 
  germany will still be the most populous country with the biggest economy . 
  maybe it wont be as dominant as it is now , however nobody listening wont happen . 
  a failure of greece would be a loss for germany no matter what . 
  there is no way that germany or anybody else would get a profit out of that . 
  having 50 billion in collateral for a debt of 200 billion is nice , however getting 50 billion instead of 200 billion is not a good deal ( random numbers ) . 
  ( yes , i am aware that greece wont pay its debts back in full ) . 
  maybe because it was convenient . 
  he knew that this insitution was reliable and probably suited for such a job . 
  ` inventing ' a whole new institution with a new ruleset for something like this is not easy and it cant be done in a hurry . 
  nevertheless i am just speculating . 
  i also do not know how ` set in stone ' this institution was for the proposal , neither do i know how long they worked on that ` idea ' . 
  this fund was set up by samarras and sch\u00e4uble together . 
  without knowing the exact circumstances of such an agreement ( i think something like this has never been done before in this size , and likely it wont happen now either ) , we can not really determine whether its shady or not . 
  there could be control execised by the ez , by the ec or whatever . 
  i also do not know how long they developed this idea , choosing this institute might simply be due to the fact that it is something that they already know , without having to think of a complete ruleset for a new institution . 
  dont get me wrong , i think that the suggestion is ridiculous , but not because sch\u00e4uble would be the head of that institution . 
   i 'd far prefer the fund to be in f.e. 
  france 's control . 
  just give it to switzerland . 
  there is no ` neutral ' country in the ez . 
  also , happy cake day !, 
  i think you do not understand the issue here . 
  no matter that this proposal is nonsense , it is not even remotely connected to corruption . 
  the assets in this bank would be frozen , sch\u00e4uble can not use them at his wish . 
  he can not sell them , he cant use them for his own interest ( as long as greece does not default obviously , and even then these would not cover the expenses by far ) . 
  how is that corruption ? 
  how so ? 
  you are comparing apples with pears here . 
  german companies ! = german govt . 
  i actually do not see anything wrong with sch\u00e4uble being head of that ` company ' . 
  the assets would be somewhat ` frozen ' anyway , he does not have regular access to them . 
  he also can not sell the stuff for his own wellbeing . 
  how is there a conflict ? 
  the road from corinth to patras was 30 % more expensive than a swiss tunnel through the alps ( per kilometer ) . 
  greeks are worse off in this case . 
  there are reports that indicate a greek road costs more than a tunnel in switzerland ( same length ) . 
   contract law is not the tool we should be using to organize political relationships between states . 
  the lack central bank backup proved to be a problem , so we have to fix it asap , and i see no reason why we should blame any countries that got into trouble because of it . 
  how do you suggest ` fixing ' it ? 
  it simply does not work to have mulitple central banks and a joint currency . 
  your pizza metapher does not fit . 
  a spoiled pizza does not advantage anybody ( which the euro does ) and everybody who ate it pretty much * knew * what the ingredients were . 
  * there is no deal * it is not 86 billion that are floating into the greek economy * nobody * can * possibly be jealous of that agreement, 
  whats the big deal about this ? 
  translation : `` i am still waiting for ` real ' reform proposals '' the list : 1 . 
  tsipras resigns 2 . 
  the greeks elect their corrupt old parties again, 
  actually capitalistic thinking works for most people in this world . 
  there is not a single succesful non-capitalist state in this world . 
   the problem in greece is not a lack of cars . 
  they should rather learn to repair what they have before importing new cars so ... the cuban model ? 
  it is not great for the people , just for oldtimer enthusiasts . 
  people want new cars , not the same car for 30 years . 
   besides , there are no reason greece could not produce cars themself . 
  people throughout the world are buying too much cars . 
  i do not say that they could n't produce cars . 
  in fact they did at some point . 
  however , they will not be able to even remotely match the standard of current cars . 
  developing good cars is connected to billions of euros/dollars of investments . 
  money that greece does not have and that nobody is willing to invest there . 
   the problem in greece is the unemployment and other social/humanitary crises induced by the capitalist crises . 
  socialist states might have a lower unemployment rate , the living standard is 10 times worse though . 
  look at the gdr vs. west germany . 
   russia is one of the few net creditor countries of this world . 
  they might give help if greece break loose from the western banks . 
  they also have a voice in the new brics financial institutions . 
  also , china is a player even if they keep a low profile . 
  what do you mean with net creditor ? 
  russia runs out of money due to the sanctions , they have more pressing problems than greece . 
  the future prospects for the uk are n't that bad . 
  it is the target given in the eu treaties , yes . 
  however there are exceptions like the uk or denmark . 
  also , it is possible to prevent `` being forced '' into it . 
  take sweden for example , they willingly violate some of the `` euro requirements '' so they wont come in the position where they would need to introduce the euro . 
  apart from that , it is still a decision of that particular country , nobody would really `` force '' it upon a country . 
   greece should make their own money and undo the privatizations of their properties and this would accomplish what ? 
  more money that the govt has to pay every month . 
  it is widely acknowledged that government-owned business are a lot less efficient than private businesses . 
   they should lower wages and give all greeks a job . 
  this is some socialist wish-thinking . 
  giving a job to everybody is just not possible . 
   they should increase production and make sure they get proper trade ballance the thing is : the products that greece imports can not be produced domestically very easily . 
  take cars for example . 
  increasing production of goods that are not competitive wont help there . 
   they might even get real help instead of austerity , privatization and ever more debt . 
  nobody has money to give away for free . 
  russia is not in the position to finance greece , china probably would not care this much . 
   the greek government , he added , had promised the eurogroup that it would take no unilateral actions or roll back austerity measures already adopted .
