  fixed it now . 
  since the link goes towards the most recent vote , you saw the wrong vote . 
  fixed the link now , sorry . 
  -  the greens are in favor of a third bailout package aswell as for further negotiations but announced that they would abstain because they are dissatisfied with the way the government acted during the negotiations . 
  likely eurobonds would not be below the current borrowing costs . 
  germany did violate maastricht in 2009 and 2010 due to the crisis , yes . 
  however this was not overspending because they were giving presents to their voters but because of an extraordinary difficult economic crisis . 
  the point of the budget surplus is solely the fact that there wont be any debt repayments without one . 
  the point of reform is making your country better , more competitive and sustainable while improving the living conditions of your citizens . 
  what matters is doing the * right * reforms , and even more importantly , on time , before the problems arise . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.bundestag.de/bundestag/plenum/abstimmung/grafik?id=352&amp;url=/apps/na/na/fraktion.form&amp;controller=fraktion ) i am sorry , it is in german , you have to go for `` namensliste '' . 
  the list is in the order of : name - party - federal state - vote the votings are : * ja - green - yes * nein - pink - no * nicht abg . 
  - grey - didnt vote * enthaltung - blue - abstention, 
  nope . 
  greece is borrowing from the creditor states at rates that most european countries can only dream of . 
   abiding by the memorandums primary surplus rate has continuously contracted the economy . 
  perhaps , we should stop following supply-side economic dogma , and at least consider the alternative . 
  i am not talking about the memorandum here . 
  i am talking about maastricht et al. 
  a primary surplus has nothing to do with incentives . 
  if you are in danger of having to pay more interest for you debt , you will likely take measures that improve your economy and likely not go into debt that much . 
  if your own doing doesnt have much effect on that , why even bother for reforms ? 
  reforms are hurting most of the time , they are unpleasant and they are unpopular amongst voters . 
   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , has voiced an opinion counter to that of the chancellor 's - namely that greece should take a temporary exit from the eurozone . 
  despite this , he still urged parliamentarians to vote ` yes ' on friday . 
  drama over . 
  what is actually interesting is that amongst the few voters of the spd * against * the bailout is our former ( social democratic ) minister of finance , steinbr\u00fcck . 
  he argued that we would need a 4th bailout if we agreed to the current one , that all what is done is effectively prolonging insolvence . 
  he favors the suggestion of a grexit because he believes that greece can not reform within the euro . 
  the creditor banks were mainly greek though . 
  the german banking exposure was laughable compared to greeces banks . 
  eurobonds are different in the way that they are guaranteed by all european states . 
  the * l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich * is only internal and it is somewhat ` under control ' , still in your own area of influence . 
  also , eurobonds would not be better than the current financing terms for greece . 
  it wont help fix the problem and it would take any incentive to budget carefully away . 
  contrary to fiscal transfers , which are limited at one point . 
  this is not what would happen however . 
  such a commissioner ( no matter what i think about it ) would not be able to declare budgets void because he says so but because they violate rules that everyone agreed on . 
   germany has become self-satisfied and complacent about its economic prowess , its export record , its `` black zero '' budget balance , and , not least , its `` reforms '' agreed . 
   mainly labour market changes introduced by a social democrat chancellor , gerhard schr\u00f6der , that led to several years of declining living standards for workers and record corporate profits and boardroom salaries this is a bit of a negative view on this . 
  yes , many problems arose out of these reforms , especially with some empolyers exploiting mechanisms that were introduced during the reforms , especially temporary employment . 
  nevertheless , germany is a whole lot better off than it was a decade ago , especially in the paneuropean comparison . 
   it now is trying to impose this model on the rest of the eurozone -- including its long-standing french `` partners , '' objects of derision for their unreformed statism , on the other side of the rhine . 
  this is only partly true . 
  of course it tries to bring this into the european reform process as some kind of ` model ' as it worked somewhat well . 
  there is nothing wrong with that and i guess nobody would seriously deny that there are reforms needed in some european countries . 
  but on the other side , we are not the only ones advocating for our respective ` model ' . 
   browbeating and bullying the greeks into accepting a senseless , self-defeating course of more austerity in order to look after the interests of your ( unreformed ) creditor banks at home is worse than unpleasant ; it 's nasty the debt is n't held by banks anymore , though . 
   some even go too far in their denunciation of their own : the `` heartless , domineering and ugly ( herzlos , herrisch und h\u00e4sslich ) german is back , '' says leading green rainer b\u00fctikofer i do not exactly make much of a statement from an opposition party member in this case . 
   what is equally misplaced is the obsession with rules-based economic policy that reigns among too many lawyers in the berlin chancellery and finance ministry and conservative economists . 
  what is wrong with following rules ? 
  a joint european monetary zone can only work if the people stick to the rules . 
  yes , we are obsessed with our rules sometimes , but if everyone does what he wants , we will never get a working ( monetary ) union . 
   implicitly , a cross-border version of germany 's l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich transferring monies from richer to poorer federal states i would argue that sch\u00e4uble would still be in favor of that . 
  the author ignores the other measures connected to that however . 
  in a political union , this would be inevitable , however without one it is hardly feasible . 
   ( those putative eurobonds angela merkel refuses even to discuss . ), 
  eurobonds are something entirely different . 
   today a `` good '' german , clemens fuest , head of the zew economic forecasting institute , has proposed increasing the surcharge to 8 % over three years to raise $ 22bn for the greek people -- arguing that this will prove less costly than default/grexit and equal the amount germany would pay anyway in the 3rd aid programme for greece . 
  i disagree here . 
  the difference towards the ` current ' policy is who would pay for it . 
  if the government goes into debt for it , there will be no immediate effect for the ` normal ' citizens . 
  germany is prosperous enough to ` survive ' such a thing without having to cut costs immediately . 
  in the proposed version however , every german would have less money to spend , which is , quite frankly , not the right way . 
   it would be a `` transfer union '' , he says , -- of the kind once sketched out by sch\u00e4uble and reprised by others since . 
  again , sch\u00e4uble sketched out a political union , not a standalone transfer union . 
  i am actually astonished how relevant and accurate the mentioned thesis paper from 1994 still is today . 
  after further research they did not finish with it yet , even though it was supposed to be done earlier . 
  the greens found a endangered rare sand lizard population where the head was ` stored ' , so measures to resettle these animals had to be done before . 
  the head will be brought up next month . 
  if i remember it , i will post it here on the sub when there are pictures available . 
  probably because the structure of your economy is extremely different compared to the rest of the eu . 
  pegida is hardly leftist . 
  also , the pegida stuff were demonstrations , no riots . 
  even the fed would not be able to heal the problems that could arise from 70 trillion dollars . 
  no central bank could . 
  what exactly do you expect the spd to do ? 
  they are still the * junior * partner in the coalition . 
  they know that they will lose a lot of voters if they go on confrontation course with the cdu in this case . 
  giving money away ` for free ' is unpopular , even amongst the voters of the spd . 
   that the spd dutifully followed the marching orders of the bloodsuckers very neutral word choice there . 
   complete contradiction to social democratic economic theory there is no thing like a ` social democratic economic theory ' anymore , and if there is any , it is a domestic way , not about relations between states . 
   but then the gloves came off the iron fist , and the greeks faced banking collapse , without an alternative . 
  syriza pretty much maneuvered themselves into that position . 
   and if bankruptcy is not enough , there 's always fascists like golden dawn who can be used . 
  the only person that used the fascists as an example/way to influence the public opinion was mr. varoufakis , not the social democrats . 
  this debate is actually full of bullshit . 
  think of merkel whatever you want , but what she did was clearly not something she should be ashamed for . 
   in her response , merkel was trying to imply that if germany treats this girl and her family leniently , it will somehow be obligated to accept the entire world 's refugees . 
  it is more like that they wont make an exception for someone who went up to the chancellor and shed some tears . 
  the same rules apply to anyone . 
  also , this girl doent even face immediate deportation . 
   germany 's attitude toward refugees is wrong , and it 's hurting innocent people . 
  germany is amongst the most ` generous ' countries in europe when it comes to refugees . 
  the predicted number for this year is somewhere between 400k and 600k people . 
  any policy that does not allow for unlimited refugees is somewhat hurting some people , however accepting everyone is just not possible , realistically . 
   turkey , jordan , and lebanon are hosting millions of refugees [ while ] germany is doing remarkably little to shoulder its share of burden , though it is far more capable of doing so than is , say , lebanon this is only partly correct . 
  economically and populationwise this is true . 
  however , we are pretty far away from there . 
  the background of the mentioned countries and the countrys the people fled is much more similar , also they are neighboring countries .
