  she also stood by their statements when in court and failed to show any regrets . 
  and that was only after she recieved four or five fines before that . 
  it certainly is a mean of last resort . 
  i know what you are implying , but i will simply ignore the implication and say : i hope so . 
  the us and germany have always been different and they will continue to be different . 
   i meant per capita . 
  15 % of dk exports go to 80 mill germans . 
  13 % go to 10 mill swedes - who is more important ? 
  but i also do n't agree that it would hurt germany ( 's ability to import ) . 
  an appreciating d-mark would boost germans buying power when it comes to imported goods . 
  yes , but that statistic is meaningless . 
  it does n't change the fact that we are the most important trading partners . 
  you can not reduce it to single people because it is not only the people that are importing goods - our industry is importing as well . 
  yes , it would boost our purchasing power , but as you know , we are exporting much more than we import , so it would be a net loss for us . 
   the lenders do n't get a choice . 
  the greek government can just announce that they wo n't pay the money back - what you gon na do about it ? 
  there 's a reason why governments try to avoid these scenarios . 
  because it means suicide for the reigning government . 
   the market is n't stupid . 
  killing growth makes it less likely you 'll get repaid . 
  you must remember to seperate the current creditors from the future lenders . 
  exactly because the market is n't stupid , they wo n't give in to greece given the experiences with argenina . 
  even if there would eventually be funds flowing back to greece - they would not get them short-term . 
  meaning that they would have to balance their budget immediately . 
  they would simply run out of money . 
  printing your way out of that - well , we have seen how that kind of thing goes in germany in the early 20s . 
  argenina is still struggling to get new loans . 
  russia even more so , and their default was 20 years ago . 
  russia is n't sitting at 10 % debt because they are fiscally responsible but because nobody is willing to lend them money in hard currencies . 
   lenders have no way of forcing repayment . 
  they can demand all they want , but whether to pay or not is unilaterally the decision of a sovereign state - that 's what makes it sovereign . 
  they do . 
  especially since greeces lenders are mainly european governments . 
  they could drag greece in front of an arbitration court and seize greek property outside its own territory . 
  we can not seize greek property in greece , naturally , but we can seize goods flowing out of greece . 
  which would hit them even harder . 
  hell , we could even sanction them . 
  so to speak - we do have some very convincing tools . 
   she enforced austerity and strong currency policies throughout the eu just like in greece . 
  well , let me remind you that * all * ez nations voted in favour of these policies . 
  some countries took a even harder stance than germany . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  the german electorate was in favour of giving no money at all to greece . 
  the alternative would have been a bankruptcy of greece - something that greece itself does not want because it would be even worse . 
   and the apathetic germans reelected her party and approve of her policies even tough it has been desastrous for the eu . 
  at least we did not elect some crazy radical nationalist parties like some other countries in europe do . 
   i 'd like to read the alleged hate speech . 
  here you go ( translations ) : [ bulgarian border guard shot a refugee ] : `` the only thing that matters is that there is one less . 
  unfortunately that 's not enough . 
  we should shoot then all down so that pack will finally be gone '' [ adressed at a german politician with turkish roots ] : '' \u00d6czan mutlu , you should be killed , you rat '' one other guy apparently posted a hitler picture with a caption related to the refugee crisis , combined with nazi music ( which is banned ) . 
  this is not the name of the game however . 
  we are in an excellent position economically , other countries devaluating a little to go below us would not prompt us to devaluate further . 
  we never intended to do it forever , and we did n't . 
  we had real wage loss for a bit over half a decade , we have no interest in cutting more . 
  there is no ` spiral ' . 
   i just ca n't imagine our government conducting raids based on opinions they consider `` hate speech '' . 
  you do n't have to . 
  we are different countries with different histories . 
  let me assure you that the regular discourse is not hindered by this . 
  the laws in question are decades old and so far they have n't done us any harm . 
  the article you linked falls a bit short of explaining what falls under ` hate speech ' here . 
  from an outsider perspective , it might sound like a government tool to silence dissenting opinions . 
  it is n't . 
  no country but the us has a definition of free speech as pure as the us . 
  and that is fine . 
  you can have it your way , we will have it our way . 
   you give the impression of living happily after implementation of the minimum wage . 
  and you are convinced there is no reason to worry about millions of people living on the edge of poverty , because poverty line is nothing but ... a stupid concept/figure ? 
  i think that the minimum wage is a good start however . 
  in ppp , it is the second highest minimum wage in europe ( second only to luxembourg ) . 
  i am as much concerned as you about people living in poverty , but the poverty line is a very bad indicator in my opinion . 
  and many economists agree with me on that . 
  the problem with the poverty line is that it does not adapt to the cost of living or local differences in wages . 
  poverty line is defined as `` income blow 60 % of the median national income '' . 
  which results in a lot of problems . 
  reducing the scale to the federal states makes a lot more sense . 
  the inaccuracies go both ways . 
  if you increased everyone 's monthly wage by 1000 $ , nobody would be poor anymore , but the same number of people would still count as ` poor ' . 
  i am much more comfortable with a definition of ` poverty ' that takes the actual circumstances into account . 
  you are not poor if you have less than others , you are poor when you are struggling to live in dignity . 
   a family living nearby rely on volunteers providing fresh food and vegetables , because they could not afford it ( parents both work ) . 
  sad to hear that , this is a scenario that should not happen . 
  i do not contest that there * is * poverty , i simply disagree with the way it is measured currently . 
   still i do n't know how exactly it happend , but obviously lobbyists worked hard on our government , dropping the pension level to 43 % , so that every citizen depends on private arrangements , starting a golden age of insurance companies . 
  the pension system we have is unsustainable . 
  we are in dire need of a working replacement . 
   the gap between rich and poor increasing more and more . 
  is it though ? 
  the fastest increase was between 2000 and 2005 , the gap decreased in the years after that . 
  between 2010 and 2013 , it increased again . 
  we do not have reliable data for the time after that . 
  i can imgagine that the introduction of a minimum wage in combination with wages rising in general ( at a faster pace than our gdp ) could have done things to narrow that gap . 
  depends . 
  yes , it is bad for others ( naturally ) , but it does not need to be terrible . 
  [ our labor cost ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/6/60/estimated_hourly_labour_costs%2c_2014_%28%c2%b9%29_%28eur%29_yb15.png ) is still in an acceptable area . 
  it is not like we are severely undercutting everyone else . 
  if your level is too high , it can be damaging for yourself , meaning that devaulation is a necessary correction . 
  that 's true . 
  this view is more rare in germany than it is elsewhere though . 
   not really - it 'd hardly the first currency union to be dissolved .
