  but then , neither could argentina . 
  the royal navy , despite all cuts , is still the strongest navy in europe . 
   and territorial disputes around the world still occur for both the uk and its allies . 
  that 's why we have alliances . 
   axe is a contributing editor at warships fleet international so essentially this is nothing more than a piece written by a warship enthusiast whining that the uk government does not spend ridiculous amounts of money on their navy anymore . 
  yes , some things could be better and some cuts really have been devastating for the british navy . 
  but no , i do not think that the uk government could justify spending even more on their navy given that their citizens experienced quite a few austerity measures in the last years . 
  comparisons to the falkland war or even to the second world war do not make * any * sense . 
  the author also fails to mention that reducing the strength of the fleets has been a global trend since the end of the cold war . 
  only uprising countries like india or china still see significant increases of their navies . 
  the uk simply is n't in a position where it would require a navy of immense metrics anymore . 
   i meant the law for a burqa ban , not the constitution oh , sorry . 
   i meant that at least this state would fall over itself to ban the burqa , however it would also never allow for religious protection to be lifted because then the church would invade us ye . 
   exactly . 
  it 's just that reddit is filled with atheists who believe that the state can go around and ban stuff for shit & giggles . 
  it 's fine to be an atheist - it 's not fine to assume everyone else is . 
  it 's fine to be pro anti-constitutional means - it 's just stupid to celebrate them . 
  actually it 's just reddit not understanding shit about our legal system or political realities here . 
  as usual . 
   i see no need to change a single thing in it i would like to see education to become a federal matter . 
  but that 's about it . 
  maybe add some progressive stuff like net neutrality . 
  even though i agree with your stance , your explanation is n't that correct either . 
   eternity clauses there are some scholars who think that the eternity clause will lift the articles that are now protected into the next constitution . 
  the general consensus however is that this is inaccurate . 
   it would not pass through the parliament despite the fact that art . 
  146 outlines no procedure , it is generally assumed that a new constitution would either be passed by referendum ( simple majority ) or by a constitutional convention . 
  if you allowed to pass it through the parliament , you would essentially circumvent the eternity clause as a qualified majority could even get rid of the protected articles . 
   and we 'd have to deal with state constitutions too not really . 
  art . 
  31 gg dictates that federal law overpowers any kind of state law . 
  this includes the constitutions of the states . 
  this principle would very likely be maintained in a potential new constitution . 
  a federal burqa ban would break the provisions in the state constitutions . 
  the only issue is competence here - you can make a good point that such a ban would fall into the competence area of the states . 
   on top of my head , both bayern 's and bw 's put religious freedom ahead of pretty much everything bar human dignity . 
  i think it is very certain that the * l\u00e4nder * would play a significant role in the drafting of a new constitution . 
  and i can not see these states accepting a constitution without that protection ( same for the federal government actually . 
  there would be a giant outcry in the legal community if the government tried to get rid of fundamental rights/freedoms like this one . ), 
  generally speaking , this discussion is nonsense however . 
  neither will anyone even consider drafting a new constitution nor is it realistic to assume that the protection would be weakened in a new constitution . 
  source ? 
   does not even represent law as i said , the law protects even those who violate the law . 
   are we really concerned about the names a terrorist shooting people is being called ? 
  the thing is : it does not matter who he is or what he did . 
  the rule of law does not set the dignity of certain people lower than the dignity of other people . 
  it might be harsh to accept at some times , but this principle is the very core of the constitutional state . 
   since the quran does n't mention burqas directly it 's technically possible to ban them . 
  nonsense . 
  the protection of our constitution is not limited to some kind of static interpretation of a religion . 
  holy shit you really have no clue . 
  let me start with saying that our * grundgesetz * is nothing short of a `` real constitution '' . 
  and no , de maiziere could not enact art . 
  146 on his own . 
  in fact , it is highly disputed in the legal community how a new constitution could be enacted . 
  we do not have any formal requirements ( like a vote ) , we do not have a procedure , we do not have any voting procedures . 
  nothing . 
  art . 
  146 is way too impractical to even remotely consider it to pass a goddamn burqa ban . 
  apart from the fact that the cdu is pretty much alone on this , they do not even have an own majority in the parliament . 
  on their own , they have no tools to start the process towards a new constitution . 
  not even considering that it is very unlikely that a new constitution would decrease the protection through fundamental rights . 
  sidenote : every single one of our 16 states also has a constitution that protects religious freedom . 
  this is a gross simplification that is n't really of any relevance here . 
   what about all the unregistered people still floating around ? 
  family re-unification ? 
  the people who were n't registered in the asylum system yet were at least registered in the easy system that gives us a rough estimate . 
   family re-unification ? 
  very unlikely at the moment . 
   much much lower levels of education than were being touted back in 2015 . 
  the financial estimate dates back to a point where it was very clear what to expect from the educational background . 
   everyone of these people is going to need government benefits inaccurate . 
  while the share of people that can be employed directly is very low ( 10 % ) , it certainly is n't 0 % . 
   this is going to be disastrously expensive we can easily afford that to be honest . 
  despite a signifiant increase in benefit recievers with asylum background , the overall number of benefit recievers has actually declined in the last months . 
  even if all refugees end up on benefits , we will have less unemployed people than just a few years back . 
  you underestimate how well our economy is doing . 
   every penny spent here is a penny not spent on updating infrastructure in the last years , we spent our surplus on crisis funds for greece . 
  not exactly better . 
  there would n't be more infrastructure investments no matter what . 
  and guess what - despite the expenses for refugees , there are plans to decrease taxes while maintaining a balanced budget . 
  the calculation is actually not that complicated in this regard . 
  we have a certain number of people out of which a certain percentage is predicted to require government benefits . 
  we know how it affects our budget right now and we are somewhat able to predict how that will develop in the next years . 
  some of the helpers in the beginning ( distributing clothing for example ) were private , by now pretty much everything that requires larger amounts of money is funded by the government . 
   do you consider that stupid/strange for germany ? 
  yes . 
   i 'm quite prejudiced but i thought they were trying to make a point about germans traumas with savings/inflation sure they did . 
  but they went over the top with it . 
  what 's wrong with selecting a truely `` average '' person ? 
  most of us simply put our money into a regular bank account and we generally do not invest into stocks or similar stuff . 
  we are happy when inflation is low and interest is high and we get upset if interest is low . 
  relatively simple . 
  draghi is right that it is possible to get decent yields if you consider other forms of investment , but the article is n't that wrong either ( in general ) . 
   she sounds like a fruit vendor of pretty humble means . 
  exactly . 
  the 20g of gold she bought for her christmas gratification are worth around 800 $ . 
  which means that she likely earns something in the ~ 1k range . 
   it makes more sense throwing it in a safe why does that make more sense ? 
  instead of very little interest , you will get no interest at all .
