   spain has very high unemployment this actually does not matter if we are talking about retirees her . 
  the only problems arising are with the health care system . 
   it is also worth noting that reuropeans primarily come to the uk to work and it has been proven that they are a net benefit to your economy . 
  where is the problem ? 
  it should certainly be possible to get eu/german funding for these situations . 
  our problem in germany currently is less the money ( it is to some extend , but not worrisome ) than our capacity of dealing with refugees in their first year . 
  [ euobserver ] ( https://euobserver.com/social/123066 ) [ ft ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/5cd640f6-9025-11e3-a776-00144feab7de.html#axzz3pobtzvfk ), 
   british figures indicate that just as many uk citizens live in the eu as vice-versa , despite popular perceptions . 
  many people went to the uk to seek for a better life under free movement . 
  z\u00fcndel did a little more than ` just ' denying the holocaust at some point . 
  he did not only deny it , he made a whole newspaper around that . 
  you do realize that the people actually sentenced to jail were nazis that repeatedly denied holocaust ( and similar things ) ? 
  nobody has been thrown into jail for doing it once or twice . 
  as i said , very unlikely . 
  with no prior offences , a sentence for some money would be the ` usual ' way of dealing with it . 
   the amount given through a bank giveaway would be considerably less than that given through qe . 
  some economists suggest that you should either go big or go home on this issue . 
  some are even talking about 10k per person . 
   no doubt in germany it would just result in more saving !, 
  do n't know about that , but it might be a possibility . 
   my guess is they would go for a conservative amount & spread it over many months so they can judge the effects . 
  i would prefer if someone else , someone that is not in a ( somewhat ) fragile currency union like we are , tried this first . 
   but germany has had this problem since forever as far as i 'm aware . 
  despite this ` problem ' , we have been able to get through pretty decently ( especially compared to other countries ) . 
   both states have instituted fiscal rules now to force permanent surpluses , it 's totally bonkers . 
  means that borrowing to invest shortly will be impossible . 
  this ignores a key aspect of the very article you linked ( that is not mentioned there though ) - switzerland is one of the top performers * despite * having a debt brake in place ( since the beginning of the millennium ) . 
  poland has had one for over a decade . 
   they could be cautious with the amount , and if it leads to large amounts of inflation we have standard monetary tools to deal with that . 
  these permanent low interest rates are really dangerous too , they need to start rising slowly . 
  well , the amount that is currently put into qe by the central bank would be equal to about 3000 $ per ez citizen or 166 $ a month as it is designed to be in force for around 18 months . 
  the question is what implications on the broader system this money would have . 
  also , this would likely not be allowed by the current treaties and germany ( amongst others ) will severely oppose any changes to the treaties considering the ecb . 
   then again germany in particular could easily fund this sort of programme through borrowing not gon na happen though . 
  however , the refugee crisis will significantly increase government spending on infrastructure , especially housing . 
   that could surely be used to push up inflation . 
  if we were actually doing it , i would actually say that we should do it because of positive long-term effects and not because some short-term inflation target fixing . 
  we havent been able to reach 2 % this year , however for most of the year we had ( at least some kind of ) inflation . 
  the actual inflation is even higher as it is driven down by cheap oil , something that is in fact benefitial for the economy . 
  germany is certainly not the country that urgently needs to fix its inflation , its southern europe that is in dire need of doing so . 
  highly experimental and potentially extremely dangerous . 
  on the other side - the stuff we tried so far obviously is n't working . 
  all it is doing is increasing the bill for the next crisis ( and by nature of our economic system , there * is * going to be a new crisis at some point ) . 
  i have actually read about numbers much ` worse ' than that . 
  this very much looks like a patriotic wheelchair . 
   but not for real crimes . 
  cameron said that he wants to have `` abuse of free movement '' on that card . 
  well , that opens for a lot of interpretation . 
  is there a clear proposal by the uk on this so far ? 
  no worries , i just wanted to outline that i did not completely miss the topic with my answer . 
  if netanyahu said this here , nothing would happen to him ( at least not from the side of the german authorities , public reputation being something different ) . 
  he is not an ordinary citizen , he enjoys diplomatic immunity . 
  in addition , i do not recall anybody being arrested for denying holocaust , the ` usual ' sentence in cases like this is paying a fine ( richard williamson was sentenced for 6500 euro for denying the existance of the holocaust ) . 
  and finally , i am uncertain on whether this statement would actually be ` enough ' for a significant sentence . 
  edit : and , as i just read , he already repeated it in berlin yesterday . 
  it wasnt implemented . 
  it was a suggestion of our former mod that is not in power anymore . 
  citizenship is a basic requirement for serving in the military . 
  the way to citizenship through the legion is way more demanding than the regular procedure though . 
  wrong . 
  if you marry a german , you will not be able to obtain citizenship instantly . 
  you need to fulfill several criterias to obtain it : * sufficient knowledge of the german language * sufficient knowledge about the german legal and social system * it is required that you lived in germany for at least three years * it is required that the marriage is in place for at least two years * you need a place to live * the couple needs to be able to provide for itself without social benefits . 
  * no criminal record three years is still significantly shorter than the regular eight years , but you get the point . 
  edit : parent changed his post from `` immediately to `` 4 years '' . 
  afaik the senate will have a similar function as the second chamber in a lot other eu countries , so its fine . 
  after some research , here is the solution if anybody is interested : [ eu nr . 
  1219/2012 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2012:351:0040:0046:en:pdf ) , chapter 2 art . 
  3 states that the treaties which have been announced to the eu until 2009 will be able to enter into force even after the lisbon treaty came into effect . 
  are there already polls on the issue ? 
  is a majority of italians in favor of the reform ? 
  i have always found this analogy very fitting : americans are like their [ ( stereotypical suburban ) houses ] ( http://www.rooseveltlibrary.org/wp-content/uploads/easyrotatorstorage/user-content/erc_87_1368562664/content/assets/row-of-suburban-houses1-0.jpg ) - no fence is guarding the front and everybody looks decent , however the real life is going on in the backyard that is shielded from the public . 
  americans are superficially friendly and open while we are superficially indifferent or grumpy . 
  i 'd argue that the first ` attempt ' is better . 
  we are far better off than other parts of europe though . 
  yes , we have 0 % inflation ( for the first time since january we did not have inflation ) however the southern states are in a situation much worse . 
  they are struggling with deflation , which is a lot more worrisome than us not having inflation . 
  and i am not that convinced that this policy will actually fix the problem . 
  all the recent attempts of western central bankers to fix inflation have been unsuccesful . 
  the inflation rate for real good was only marginally impacted while the internal inflation rate of the banking and investment industry has increased heavily . 
   i 'm also of german and danish ancestry americans tend to have a very far-reaching definition of ` ancestry ' , but this does not matter here as it does not help you acquiring german citizenship unless your parents are german . 
  special conditions may apply if your ancestors left germany during the time of nazi germany . 
  it is required to be a citizen if you want to join the german army . 
  to my knowledge , we have no programs that include citizenship by military service . 
  gaining german citizenship is quite difficult ( you need to live here for eight years and have a job ) by the way . 
  judging by all your past answers here on the sub - maybe / r/european is better suited for you . 
  i guess they are just going to jump on the threats and disadvantages of the membership he outlined and ignore the rest ( not talking about all eu sceptics though , some might seriously take it into account ) . 
   the east german pds , which was frequently considered a successor to the sed it was not only considered that . 
  the pds ( and thus die linke ) is the legal successor of the sed , even though they changed the leading personnel and the program . 
   which free trade deals have been made since lisbon by a member state ? 
  netherlands - uae has been signed in november 2013 ; uk - colombia has been signed in 2010 ; france - colombia 2014 ; france - iraq 2010 . 
  all of the mentioned have been signed but are not in force , i do not know exactly why ( it is not uncommon for bits to need over five years after their signing though ) . 
  * however * we also have the examples of e.g. 
  italy - panama that was signed in 2009 ( after lisbon came into effect ) and came into force in 2010 . 
  [ source ] ( http://investmentpolicyhub.unctad.org/iia/iiasbycountry#iiainnermenu )  i 'm not sure what you mean by changing existing deals . 
  which deals are you talking about ? 
  the `` out '' advocates keep bringing up agreements with china or india - well , the uk already has agreements with said countries . 
  my question was , if you modify or amend this kind of old trade deal to match britains current day needs , whether that would be possible without the eu or not . 
  ( as it is , by definition , not a new trade deal )  this is going to be a big part of the brexit debate in the uk . 
  switzerland can conduct its own free trade deals , so can norway . 
  why not the uk ?
