  if it works fine without * any * injured innocent bystanders or policemen , it obviously is not as dangerous as you claim . 
  i guess thats the difference between 3 months of training for policemen ( usa ) and 3 years ( germany ) . 
  how so ? 
  in 2013 , the german police has fired a hundred shots when dealing with human beings . 
  41 warning shots , 17 shots fired at `` things '' and 42 directly at people . 
  it resulted in 8 people killed and 20 injured . 
  speaks for the claim that they are * not * aiming at the center of the body unless required . 
  in the last seven years , a total of three policemen were killed . 
  these numbers do not exactly speak for your claim that it is impossible to execute or `` not appropriate '' . 
  if they can get the job done without killing people while not endangering their own lifes , we should be happy about that . 
  [ source , german ] ( http://schusswaffeneinsatz.de/statistiken_files/statistiken.pdf ), 
  bad orthography included . 
  3.3 billion euros would cover ~ 4 days of war if we talk about the dimensions of iraq here . 
  the money is arguably better spent in the way it is currently . 
   immigrants are apparently adjusting their fertility rate surprisingly quickly to the country that took them in . 
  nadja milewski from the university of rostock figured out that second generation migrants already differ significantly from their parents in terms of giving birth to children . 
  they have children significantly later and much more rarely . 
  `` the fertility behavior of second generation migrants is more similar to the one of the germans than the one of their parents '' , milewski summarized . 
  the article goes on , listing more examples from other countries . 
  it states that it is more connected to the employment status of the woman than the ethnic origin . 
  public housing is provided to those unable to afford regular housing . 
  if they are eligible for social housing , they are free to apply and they wont be denied . 
  you can also get government benefits if you cant manage to make a living out of your job ( s ) . 
   you tend to hear about people being kicked out of their homes with no alternative in places like chin or in like any capitalist system . 
  if the owner of the house was a ` regular ' person and not the state , he could do stuff like this if he has an interest that goes beyond renting it to someone else paying more money . 
   if you have literally no money , you ca n't find ` new flats somewhere ' . 
  i do n't see how you ca n't understand that some people are dirt poor . 
  literally zilch in their bank accounts after paying for food and other essentials . 
  if they could afford to find ` new flats somewhere ' they probably would have moved prior to destruction . 
  or because , you know , some people dislike moving ? 
  if you cant find a flat that matches your expectations , you will either have to look elsewhere or lower your expectations . 
  because we are not living in socialism . 
  it 's not the duty of the government to provide the working population with housing . 
  nobody is making people homeless by the way . 
  these people will find new flats elsewhere . 
  be it in the same city or somewhere else . 
  the last time i checked we did not have slum-like conditions all over germany . 
  we also did not have people living in buildings supposed to be demolished . 
  just because i have never earned the minimum wage does not mean i have not had contact to people who do . 
  i will say so much : i disagree if people have to rely of facilities like this to live . 
  in fact , i think it is a shame . 
  however i do believe that these people are living there at their own choice . 
  with two people earning money , i have a hard time believing that they could not afford another flat ( maybe they are smoking too much , but thats just a general assumption about people that live in these conditions ) , especially given that there are flats available , confirmed after a short check . 
  and thus i do not have a problem with these people being forced to move . 
  if i was sure that these people would end up in conditions much worse or even on the streets , the issue is a different one . 
  nope . 
  or at least i do not think so , i have never worked in that sector . 
  however classic jobs that do not need much education fall in that category , most prominently barbers and cab drivers . 
  i dont get what your issue is . 
  the homes of these people were meant to be destructed years ago . 
  these people knew very well that they likely would have to leave the place at some point . 
   so basically you 're saying it 's okay that a german family with 2 children was evicted from their home in germany and now have to live in even more appalling conditions just because you need to accommodate refugees who 've nowhere to go ? 
  you have no evidence that these people live in worse conditions now . 
  there is hardly a way to live in worse conditions than they did before . 
  and actually , i prefer 50 germans having to look for a new place to live ( there is enough space to live here by the way , the only thing is that you will have to look a little outside the city , but they already lived at the very border of the city ) over 400 syrians having to sleep in tents because we lack the facilities to accomodate them . 
  * none * of said germans will live in inhumane conditions afterwards . 
  it is not impossible to find 80 sqm apartements for 400 euros in said city by the way . 
   it 's mind-blowing that there are families in germany living like balkan gypsies ... again . 
  they do so at their own choice . 
  the thing is , at least for germany ( thats why i say it depends on the environment ) : we are trying to fill positions that we do not even have applicants for . 
  there are no contestants , thus it * wont * drive down the wages . 
  ( it may prevent a raise , but thats another story ) when we are talking about the lowest end of the wages - we have a minimum wage of 8,50 $ per hour in place , preventing any decrease for the people that earn that money . 
  the point might be true for the general low-wage sector that is slightly above the minimum wage , but we will have to see how that develops . 
  nobody forces these people to live there . 
  they do so because they like the place ( for some reasons that are unknown to me ) and because the rent is cheap . 
  they are free to go everywhere they want , however expecting a 5 room apartment for 400 euros in a city is a bit ... strange . 
  i am sorry for these people if they cant afford an apartment with 5 rooms anymore , but the money they currently pay is in no way realistic for a renovated home ( hell , there are cities where 400 euro dont even get you a one-room apartement ) . 
  and they are not even ` forced out ' because the government wants to earn more money but because it has to look after its money and will thus access its own property before buying new building spaces . 
   and the refugees are to be housed in the newly built ones ? 
  because the refugees do not choose where they want to live . 
  they are assigned this building . 
  we do not force people to live in crappy places as long as we can prevent it . 
  `` newly build '' sounds a lot better than it actually is by the way , the refugees wont get luxus apartements but relatively small rooms without any greater comfort . 
  and then , there 's still the minimum wage preventing any lowering in the sector of the uneducated workers . 
  this statement does not make sense to me . 
  mind to explain ? 
  tear down buildings that were supposed to be demolished anyways ? 
  evil people !, 
  it is not like the people in the video will sit on the streets now , they wont be homeless people . 
  what happens there has not to do with any political system , by the way . 
  the inflating of the currency was not the initial action taken to rescue the banks . 
  the `` cheaper labor '' part depends almost entirely on the environment . 
  we already had people throwing molotow coctails into refugee homes , a few kilomters from the village where i was raised . 
  an area that essentially lacks a extreme right scene . 
  nevertheless , i would not say this is `` large scale violence '' and i doubt that it will turn into such . 
  being against immigration is in fact not censored here . 
  neither is publishing factual evidence of any kind . 
  dont talk bullshit about things you do n't know shit about . 
  such as ? 
  hes not a russian spy . 
  he denied holocaust at some other point and blamed it on the russians . 
  he is just retarded . 
  could this point be reached ? 
  yes , theoretically . 
  * will * it be reached ? 
  likely not . 
  why ? 
  if we can fill positions that wont be filled otherwise , there is no downside to it ( unless we are see the economy shrinking , which we hope wont happen of course ) . 
  none of the `` regular '' arguments against immigration apply here . 
  these jobs are not taken from anyone , in fact they help securing the jobs of other people by allowing the enterprises to produce and sell more ( and it also lowers the financial burden of our refugees while integrating them into society - people do less stupid stuff when they are employed ) .
