   we can not really do anything . 
  thats not entirely true . 
  we should aim to adopt the french model on this . 
  however this is nothing that would be suited to fix our current problems . 
  `` fixing '' the fertility rate is a task that will take decades , if it is possible to accomplish . 
  from my understanding they limited the general power of the car so that both values are fulfilled . 
  i doubt that there is a different method to measure different kinds of emissions , thus i question the cars possiblity to detect a difference there . 
   if i had to guess , without being an expert , i 'd say vw was activating different combustion profiles for the different tests in order to show low emissions of both co2 and no2 . 
  are you sure that it is tested seperately ? 
  if some diesels are able to fulfill the norms , it means that it is possible for all diesels . 
  all that is needed is a change towards real life tests and not in a laboratory where there is potential for wrong results . 
  force them to find serious ways of limiting it and the diesel will be fine . 
  also : not all nox emissions come from diesels . 
   there are already plans in place to ban passenger diesels from major european cities , so ? 
  the plan for paris is to ban older diesels , not diesels in general . 
   setting up low emission zones etc. 
  we already did that . 
  with tougher rules than e.g. 
  london by the way . 
  you can not enter by paying a charge , you simply are not allowed to enter . 
  it prevented most older diesels from entering the city but it did not kill the diesels . 
   the nox pollution levels have been out of control and actually exceeded the legal limit in the uk in 2010 , now it turns out that 's probably because auto manufacturers have been bullshitting emissions and spewing 40 times the limit into the air . 
  so far we only know about a few cars that cheated on the emissions . 
  just because the us limit is exceeded does not mean that they are exceeding the eu limits . 
   i think they are screwed , plus public opinion is going to turn against the manufacturers pretty savagely . 
  the european societies are way too diesel-friendly for that . 
  in the us - maybe . 
  here - no way , at least not short-term . 
   diesel will be banned for passenger cars not long from now . 
  not gon na happen . 
  the diesel car share is over 50 % in most of western europe . 
  the car manufacturers will lobby against it . 
  given that france and germany are pretty much the largest producers of cars in europe , i dont see it go through . 
  [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/routine-disposal-goes-wrong-three-killed-in-explosion-of-world-war-ii-bomb-in-germany-a-698245.html ) [ guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/jun/02/germany-bomb-war-kills-three ), 
  well , five years ago one of them killed three very experienced bomb disposal experts . 
  but generally you are right . 
  the threat is not that serious . 
  the us passat and jetta are * not * made in germany . 
  [ they are ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m298f/new_york_times_editorial_what_was_volkswagen/cvblwfn ), 
  it is cost cutting actually . 
   they do n't really need to cut anything . 
  tax differences alone drop car prices in the us by about 20 % compared to germany , and that 's before you get into more complicated economic situations like the relative purchasing power of the usd versus the euro and the generally lower cost of doing business in the us . 
  you do . 
  the euro passat starts at about 30.000 dollars while yours starts under 20k . 
  this cant be explained by taxes alone . 
  people working in car manufacturing in america ( us+m exico ) earn less than their german and central european coutnerparts . 
  additionally they are using cheaper materials and lower quality stuff . 
  you are wrong . 
  check what i [ wrote here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m298f/new_york_times_editorial_what_was_volkswagen/cvblwfn ) . 
  they not only offer lower quality but also different engines . 
  not gon na happen . 
  the european governments are not going to shoot themselves in the foot . 
  i have thought about that earlier as well but i dont really know if that is possible . 
  skodas are decently priced for european levels ( they are not ` cheap ' though ) but they are still too expensive for the us market . 
  a lot of the pricing advantage vw gained in the us was due to the fact that they produced there . 
  people manufacturing cars in the us and mexico earn significantly less than their german or french counterparts . 
  same goes for the suppliers . 
  however i doubt that you will gain a price advantage compared to the czech republic . 
  meaning that they would have to reduce their quality as well to reach the low-priced segment . 
  its just really complicated . 
  for what reason ? 
  egypt is not the country that just invaded its neighbor . 
  i would say the current time . 
  while we surely face severe challenges and are probably not that well liked in some countries currently , things have hardly been better . 
  we are a united country , we experience unprecedented economic success . 
  we havent been to war since over 70 years now ( especially not with france ) . 
  we live in a democracy . 
  we live in a time of open borders ( some might dislike this ) . 
  etc etc. 
  thats what i thought aswell . 
  you wo n't really find an arms deal that is less controversial than this one i 'd say ( at least talking about countries outside the eu/us ) . 
  it does not really threaten the civil population and it does not really threaten israel as the relations with israel have improved since al-sisi took office . 
  you can still be critical of arms deals in total and i can totally respect that . 
  i guess so ? 
   `` so essentially you 're telling me if i fill out a ton of paperwork you might cover a part that costs you $ 15 , but not the $ 3000 in damage that resulted from you failing to replace it in the first place ? '', 
  his response , [ pause ] `` basically '' . 
  thats just shitty from their part . 
  my parents had a case like this with a first generation [ touran ] ( http://www.autoplenum.de/bilder/p/p0013655/vw/vw-touran-2-0-tdi-dpf--2006-2010-.jpg ) ( not to confuse with the routan sold in the us ) . 
  however it turned out the car dealer was just a bit incompetent , after switching it to another one , they had no further issues . 
  my uncle is driving the model of your first one , its a nice car . 
  pretty agile . 
  current reports ( and even the russian key actors admit this by now ) indicate that russia has a significant shortage of drilling equipment . 
  until 2020 , they need about 150,000 spare parts and 20 complete drilling stations , both of which they cant get under the sanctions . 
  there is no embargo on syrian rebels as far as i am concerned ? 
   i doubt us would risk being cut of suez . 
  and as i said there are already russians at the suez . 
  the us has more leverage over egypt than vice versa . 
   also 1bil is peanuts , no matter how bad russians are at it , they can pop 1bil anytime they want . 
  what does russia have to gain from it ? 
  two vessels at the price of billions every year ? 
  these would be the most expensive vessels ever built . 
   hell they could just ask china for a loan china is only looking for their own advantage . 
  they have no interest in a military ally at the other end of the world . 
  israel is capable of dealing with both these nations . 
  not even talking about their allies . 
  we are not talking about some companies conducting business here however . 
  if egypt was to sell these vessels to russia , there is nobody that could overturn this decision . 
  the only way to prevent the sale would be to sink the ships on the transfer route to russia . 
  as this would be conducted by russian troops however , nobody is going to dare doing that as it would probably mean war . 
  nevertheless , egypt is not going to sell them .
