  this is a good reason to vote out . 
  i 'd argue that it would be sufficient to allow the nation states to conduct trade deals on their own if there is no trade deal of the eu with that country yet . 
  nobody would be harmed by it . 
  i guess all the downvoters do . 
  you are correct . 
  art . 
  207 and 3 tfeu say that it is an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  i recalled something incorrectly . 
  however what about changing existing deals ? 
  also - how have the member states been able to conduct deals on their own after the lisbon treaty has come into power ? 
  because they did . 
  and do you have any information on why deals of this kind are not pursued through the eu ? 
  there is a difference between your planes not working and simply not having the planes that you need . 
  the first is your own fault , the second is n't ( well somewhat ) . 
  wealth in ppp does not help your standing in the world significantly though . 
  it does not help you if you can buy inside your country , real economic power only comes if you can buy stuff from other countries . 
  fair enough . 
  india has not passed france or germany so far , it will take them some time to overtake us . 
  well , i am afraid that i am the minority here - 84 % of germans are in favour of direct democracy or at least in favour of referenda on a federal level . 
  the swiss system is not without flaws either and it struggles with an increasing polarization of the society . 
  well , i for one would appreciate evidence or at least research on the topic . 
  however it seems it is nearly impossible to accurately calculate the benefits or disadvantages of the eu/ez - you see it yourself with the brexit debate , the calculated outcomes differ significantly . 
  i am afraid that the average joe does not have the necessary farsightedness and it too easily influenced on this topic . 
  i think it lies a little different than a referendum on eu membership . 
  ~ ~ a question about the trading agreement point for the `` out '' campaign : they argue that , outside the eu , they would be able to secure trade deals with india , china and the us . 
  however - what stops them from doing so while staying in the eu ? 
  the nation states are free to do trade deals with countries the eu does not have trade deals with . 
  this applies to both china and india ( us is a somewhat special case with ttip ) . 
  the uk already has trade deals with said countries in force and it continued to secure new trade deals ( e.g. 
  with mexico ) while being in the eu . ~ ~, 
  i can totally understand where you are coming from . 
  the problem is - you can not really determine whether the ez is outperformed due to the differences between the european countries , in culture , economy , politics etc. 
  you would need to need two comparable countries where one is on the ez and one is not . 
  germany and austria would be fit for this , but we are both members . 
  the uk has somewhat outperformed germany even when we still had the deutschmark , thus outperforming us now does not have a larger implication on the benefits of a euro membership . 
  artificial calculations how it would have developed without the euro are extremely complex and likely inaccurate . 
  for the legal obligation - i am somewhat with you . 
  however a europe of two speeds could be a solution for that . 
  let the ones who want it join the currency , those who do n't should n't really . 
  yet the vast majority of ez countries have joined voluntarily ( germany being an exception somewhat ) . 
  however i would not base it on a public referendum , i do not trust the average joe to make a good decision on a topic that is that complex . 
  such a referendum , especially when you do not have a benchmark like we talked about previously will almost always end up in favor of the status quo . 
  true . 
  but even if you adjust it by ppp it is still has proportions that make it extremely relevant . 
  the people talking about it being ` too low ' meant that we artificially hold it down to improve our competitiveness , all social consequences aside . 
  this tool is by far not as powerful as in the uk here . 
  its amazing how 4,53 refugees per 1000 inhabitants in berlin can make you ` feel stranger ' . 
  if you think thats too much , go to any other place in germany . 
  so you are going to leave the country just because you are xenophobe ? 
  great , just great . 
   if the eurozone ca n't persuade the rising economies of eastern europe to join the club , then it is hard to see that it has a long-term future . 
  the ez has a combined gdp that is larger than the one of china , second only to the us . 
  why should its long-term future be endangered by some countries not joining it ? 
  national currencies have not failed because they were not joined by other countries . 
  the internal threats to the euro are far bigger . 
   even more remarkably , the region 's big cities are overtaking western europe -- a study by the bruegel institute found warsaw and prague are now richer than vienna measured by gross domestic product per capita , and richer than rome , lisbon and madrid as well . 
  this completely ignores that this statistic was measured in ppp . 
   on current trends , it may soon be more important than italy , and do n't rule out the possibility that it will eventually overtake france as well . 
  as much as i hope for a strong poland at some point - this time is not there yet and it wont come in the near future . 
   he has also insisted that it ca n't happen until polish wages are at least equal to german wages . 
  thats actually not * that * bad of an idea . 
  i dont think it needs to fully match , but the current disparity gives potential for further economic problems . 
   it is pretty hard for any country to match generous german wages just a few months back , when we were still talking about greece , all people said that our wages were too low . 
  that would be equally stupid . 
  why cant people just give their opinion on certain topics while waiting for the final results of the negotiations ? 
  fundamentally opposing a ( so far ) secret deal is stupid , however , advocating for accepting it no matter the conditions is n't much better . 
  nope i have n't , and i think you have n't either as it is not published . 
  unless we are talking about some leaked chapters here . 
  ( i guess you mean tpp ) secret negotiations have been common for decades in trade deals , nobody has ever had a problem with that . 
  the outcomes have been pretty good for us . 
  also , the agreements will still need to be voted upon , nothing i democratic here . 
  i 'd say this is a win-win situation for dyson . 
  this claim alone is suited to harm bosch 's reputation . 
  your answer does not correlate with parent either . 
  or you could wait until the agreement is released before fundamentally opposing any negotiations ? 
  the public opinion is not everything that matters though . 
  we also had a majority against funds for greece . 
   the terms of obama 's proposed tpp ` trade ' treaty with asian countries wo n't be made public until the treaty has already been in force for at least four years . 
  the terms of obama 's proposed tisa ( trade in services agreement ) with 52 nations wo n't be made public until the treaty has already been in force for at least five years . 
  how can one possibly misinterpret this so much ? 
  the source he linked mentioned the original text of the confidentiality clause . 
   `` to treat negotiating texts and other documents exchanged in the course of the negotiations as confidential government information , '' and `` that these confidentiality requirements shall apply for four years after entry into force of the tpp . '' this does not mean that the agreements will not be published but that the * negotiation documents * will not be published for that time . 
  by pure lawmaking procedures , they will need to publish the deal as there will be a public parliamentary vote on it ( at least in the us ) . 
  [ here 's the timetable again ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jls5bnx.png ) . 
   according to the report , levie said eu member states `` have been stepping up case reviews and approving new genetically modified organisms [ gmos ] with five new products approved so far '' . 
  ... i 'd like a reliable source on that . 
  the ec has said time and time again that gmos will be excluded from ttip . 
  anyways , its the national states who have the power to decide on banning gmos or not . 
   previously , information that was made public by wikileaks had made clear that in the negotiations over the ttip , the u.s. has been the most aggresssive nation pushing for the ability of international corporations to shape national laws -- this being the position that 's also favored by the koch brothers . 
  the us can push for whatever they want . 
  there is not a reliable source for this quote as far as i am concerned . 
  and i also do not know why anybody would or should say that . 
   she was secretly angling for this year 's nobel peace prize by putting her country at the service of an international refugee operation , say others . 
  merkel is more interested in power than in honors . 
  so because i disagree with you i am an idiot ? 
  it would also come a lot cheaper since the technologies required would not need to be researched multiple times . 
  that does not make it a ` horrible trade deal ' . 
  all trade treaties have been negotiated in secret so far , some of which have been quite benefitial to us . 
  and you judge based on your knowledge of a so far secret deal ... 
  the comparison with germany and the others is wrong however .
