  this includes germany . 
  but there seriously is no point in sanctioning countries who are actually slowly doing better . 
  here is the issue : this would require russias consent . 
  and unless they have some good incentive for this , they wo n't allow it in the unsc . 
  i am pretty confident that we could solve the crimea conflict with a public vote on it since a majority for staying with russia is pretty much ensured . 
  this would of course piss off ukraine , but whatever . 
  eastern ukraine however is a whole different thing . 
  there are so many things to consider that we can not come to a quick soluation there . 
  the ukrainian army is incapable of regaining control of these areas and the rebels are not backing down . 
  everything depends on russia honestly . 
   i think securing the russian-ukrainian border actually would help immensely . 
  especially in prevention of certain military resources passing through . 
  this would require a large-scale offensive . 
  something that no country is willing to do . 
   and having military bases there might prevent a second , larger crimea for the whole ukraine . 
  which would be ambitious on the part of russia , but so was crimea at the time . 
  that 's however a very unfriendly act against russia . 
  something that they will not take easily . 
  nato has nothing to do with voting . 
  what you are looking for is un blue helmet troops i guess ? 
  this does not help us with ukraine currently . 
  well , what do you suggest ? 
  no consequences at all for annexing ukraine ? 
  sanctions are n't perfect , but they are our best tool at the moment . 
  nothing else is possible as a mean of quick response . 
   the uk government has just given permission to shoot down russian jets if necessary . 
  russia has done the same . 
   the situation has never been that dangerous during the cold war . 
  we had multiple proxy wars during the cold war . 
  turkey even shot down a russian plane . 
  i do n't think we are on the verge of a war with russia . 
  why do n't you complain about everyone in the fucking euro group then ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  we can not leave the annexion of crimea without consequences and until peace in ukraine is restored , sancitons are an appropriate measure . 
   i think the afd is here to stay , not least because of voters in east germany . 
  that will make a green/black coalition impossible because the afd is going to win too many voters on the right . 
  they are probably here to stay , but it is n't certain on what level . 
  black/green certainly is n't impossible . 
  they need 2 % either way to make it work . 
   yes , but that 's being overcome now . 
  i think people get used to seeing die linke politicians on tv . 
  they ca n't be scared that easily with the commy spook , especially since are are n't any commies left . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's not about their politicans becoming more commonly seen or not being communists . 
  what matters is that there are still a lot of idiots in that party . 
  even serving as mps . 
   merkel does n't know how to make peace with putin . 
  neither does the spd . 
  there is no clear path out of these sanctions . 
  we certainly wo n't lift them without any progress . 
   and europe/germany ca n't afford confrontation with russia . 
  there is no military confrontation in sight . 
   i have lived all through the cold war but the potential for war has never been as great as it is now . 
  i disagree . 
   do germans support economical liberal policies so much ? 
  i am not saying that they do not support policies reducing the inequalities . 
  but they dont support class warfare , nationalizations and stuff like this . 
   to what good is growth if only a chunk of people can benefit from it ? 
  nationalization of core industries wo n't help this . 
  the spd has given up on these demands fifty years ago , this is what made them electable in germany in the first place . 
   afd is closer to far right ( yet they are n't ) than die linke is to far left it always depends on what part of which party you are talking about . 
  parts of the afd are legitimate neo-nazis , parts of the linke are legitimate communists . 
   die linke is left but certainly not extreme left . 
  well , they are no communist party . 
  the future french president better kicks some sense into his own country . 
  his primary purpose is to get france back on its legs , then we can talk about the dynamics of power in the eu . 
  unless france is strong domestically , there is no chance of them being strong in the eu . 
  you should have a look at their proposals - there certainly are extreme things in them . 
  they might qualify as `` social democratic '' policies in other countries - they are not valid policy proposals in germany anymore . 
   everything on my news feed gives me the exact opposite impression it is very easy to gain this impression if you are not familiar with the political discourse in germany . 
  if you think merkel is a hardliner that puts german interst before eu interst in all occasion , you better be thankful that we do not have imperative mandates . 
  the german public is a lot more focussed on germanys gain than merkel is . 
   and i do n't think this is close to true . 
  putting her in a high eu position will feed so many eurosceptic german takeover conspiracy fantasies . 
  only the appointing of christine lagarde could cause more damage . 
  quite possible . 
  the reason why tusk can do what he does is that he has n't been that polarizing on a european stage . 
  electing merkel to this office is as unlikely as putting varoufakis there . 
  if she wants to find a new position of this kind , it would have to be the un and not the eu in my opinion . 
   i hope for a peacefull transition within the cdu in the next year with merkel going into some high position in the eu , lets be honest here , this would be the perfect place for her . 
  i think merkel is much too polarizing for this to be the case . 
  at least in the near future . 
  the last thing the french want at this point ( and i assume the same is true for many other countries ) is even more german influence in the eu . 
  when merkel leaves office ( and i believe that will be in 2021 ) , she will need at least a few years off before returning to any position of power . 
   true , another groko would be bad for our political clima , im not sure tho what would be worse , this or rrg . 
  we would survive either option . 
  it always depends on what wing of these parties you are talking about . 
  who knows who will dominate such a coalition ? 
  she really is n't . 
  gabriel is center-left . 
  merkel is pretty much the definition of the political center of germany . 
  you can argue that her stance on refugees has been a little more to the left , but that does not make her a center-left politician . 
  and especially the union/fdp coalition between 2009-2013 . 
   we have no interest in pissing the russians against the leg and blindly following the us . 
  example ? 
  ukraine is a pretty european issue . 
   we would n't have the refugee crisis without us interventionism . 
  this is not a valid reason for a coalition choice however . 
   a left-wing coalition would also help cdu/csu to win voters back from the afd . 
  possible , but i would prefer a peaceful transition in the cdu in 2021 .
