  not longer . 
  from our perspective , the influx has to be stopped at the border of the eu and not at our border . 
  if we were to close our border ( which would be one hell of a task ) , the people would end up in austria which has capacities that are even less suited for the influx . 
  if the austrians then closed its borders , it would go to the next country . 
  a giant domino of countries . 
  so instead of getting the domino effect , it would be wise to start at the end . 
  due to our history , germany will never build a wall or a fence on the border like hungary did . 
  and rightfully so , in my opinion . 
  schengen would still work if we protected the external borders , if we manage to close them , i would prefer keeping the free movement inside europe . 
   der spigel 1962 * spiegel * was reporting about military secrets ( they reported that our army was not fully capable of doing its assigned job at that time ) and its authors were charged with treason . 
  they had arrest warrants for the leading personnel of the magazine and actually arrested them . 
  this action , which was mainly conducted by german minister of defense * strau\u00df * prompted the coalition partner of the cdu , the fdp , to leave the government until strau\u00df stepped down . 
  eventually , the spiegel people were released from prison ( the founder after 103 days ) . 
  the federal court of justice decided that there was not indications that would have justified opening a process . 
  it is widely seen as one of the events that strengthened the german press the most . 
   germany does the same , by making deals with facebook to censor comments etc. 
  we are not making any kind of `` deal '' with facebook . 
  we are asking them to obey our laws when offering their service here . 
  and no , these laws are not suited to suppress criticism or for general censorship . 
   german politicians are n't in the position to speak so audaciously about poland 's democracy actually we are free to talk about whatever we want . 
  also , oettinger is not speaking as a german citizen but as a eu commissioner . 
   historical , societal and due to the fact that latest events have proven germany has its own bunch of problems to deal with . 
  this is so much bullshit . 
  the current generation had * nothing * to do with our history and we have been a reliable democracy for quite a while now . 
  whatever is happening here does not take the right to criticize from us , especially when we do not have ( governmental ) issues in the same areas . 
   also , the right to seek asylum is part of our constitution , it 's not like germany has the right to close its borders . 
  nonsense . 
  closing our borders would be completely constitutional , however it is not feasible or realistic . 
  and by the way , a very small percentage actually gets asylum , most have subisidiary protection like refugee status . 
  i agree with the rest of what you said . 
  especially when it comes to the us versions , the difference could not be bigger . 
  the us vws were almost all completely redesigned for the us market ( they have worse quality , worse machines , other interior but they also cost a lot less money ) while the audis are mainly the same as in europe with different lights and tachometers ( well , and some other minor things ) . 
  there is a good reason for the price differences between the two brands in the us . 
  he is right though . 
  running a surplus is bad whan it means that you are not investing or fixing your infrastrucutre as this harms your future prospects more than debt would . 
  but it works both ways . 
  no matter what is done , it has to be done with the future in mind . 
  it is not possible to make a clear statement like : `` debts are bad '' or `` surplus is good '' . 
  the minimum salary is not the thing that is driving up the wages . 
  wages have increased significantly across the board . 
  europe had to do nothing . 
  the government does not decide on the wages ( at least for the majority of workers ) , the market does . 
  economic wellbeing has caused unions to step up their game and demand higher wages and the companies were in the position to grant that . 
  european pressure was irrelevant in this increase . 
   but that 's the main criticism towards germany - your trade surplus is very repressive towards the economies of the south and increasing salaries would make them a bit more cost competetive well . 
  our trade surplus mainly originates from trade with non-eu countries . 
  yes , we are more competitive than the south . 
  but no , decreasing our competitiveness will not allow the south to pick up , it will allow japan and the us to win market share . 
  we are in very few areas competing with greece or portugal for example . 
  in our most important area of export - machinery and cars , these countries are not even seriously competing and , even more importantly , we are not ` winning ' by price but by quality ( over other european countries ) . 
  our competitive edge has been increased further due to the weak euro ( which is causing more trade surplus ) , but you can not blame us for that . 
  we have constantly been opposed to the current policies of the ecb . 
   it is unwise to force things , but is n't it true that ever since schroeder had introduced his economic plan , german salaries nearly stagnated for almost a decade ? 
  it is true , but this went the opposite direction . 
  germany was losing competitiveness and this allowed us to pick up again . 
  the way we got through the crisis speaks for us i guess . 
  it is also the right model in a joint currency , i would argue . 
  for decades , many countries have devaluated their currencies in order to gain competitiveness - it is having a similar effect on the average worker . 
  this is not possible under a joint currency and sometimes , internal devaluation is the path to go . 
   and the current situation cries for some rapid solution , because you have 20-something % of unemployment in some of those countries and a stagnant french economy , and this actually is bad also for germany ... 
  the thing is : it would extremely stupid to force ( we are a free market after all ) companies to increase salaries by absurd amounts . 
  it would make us lose competitiveness very quickly , and that would be extremely bad for a country like us , with no resources , that is living off its competitiveness due to our export-oriented economy . 
  the current increases are healthy for the workers , the companies * and * the economy as a whole . 
  increasing salaries will not be able to kickstart the economies of the south . 
  increased consumption might affect these countries , but for example greece is not really exporting many goods that would then be bought . 
  increased wages do not exactly lead to increased consumption of feta cheese and olive oil . 
  what is needed however is investment in these countries and i concede that we should do more in this area . 
  but i would argue that our wage increases should not be the object of criticism currently . 
  it 's not . 
  not even close . 
   ( 1.9 % growth is pretty shitty ) . 
  its pretty much ez and eu average at least . 
  we 're quite consent with growing at that rate . 
   it 's not like germany would n't be fine with much higher levels of debt , and besides i was n't suggesting growing your debt further or even keeping it stable , just that there is no need to reduce it at such a ridiculously fast rate . 
  true . 
  this especially becomes visible when you see that , due to a miscalculation , we ` lost ' 55 billions in the financial crisis and found it later ( it was a calculation mistake ) . 
  it had no impact on our credit rating whatsoever . 
  nevertheless i do not think that it is wrong to hurry , as i outlined , the decline will come in the not-so-far away future . 
   eh we have the same problem , although true not to the extent that you have . 
  your population is predicted to increase by ten millions in the next thirty-five years . 
  in the same period of time , we will lose six million people . 
  it might change if you crack down on immigration and really ` shut the doors ' as many of your politicians suggest . 
  without immigration , your population will increase just slightly ( by three millions ) and then fall off . 
   i think immigration can help a lot though ? 
  it already helps a lot . 
  given the original scenario , immigration will cause us to drop to 65 million instead of 50 million by 2080 . 
  this however calculated with numbers much lower than the actual ones , not even talking about refugees but regular net migration . 
   i know immigrants in the uk have much higher fertility than native born for instance . 
  according to scientific studies , this works for one generation . 
  second generation immigrants have a fertility rate that is closer to the native population than to their parents . 
  what you have to do is balancing out the fertility rate for everyone . 
  in my opinion , we should copy france 's policies , they are quite successful in this area . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  germany grew a lot between 2000 and 2010 , and will grow a lot between 2010 and 2020 . 
  see here . 
  [ 1 ] i was talking about the real wages . 
  it was growth bought by internal devaluation , at the expense of the people . 
   that 's not 100 % true . 
  visiting the reichsparteitagsgel\u00e4nde ( nazi party rally grounds ) was enough when i went to school . 
  all the kzs justwere further away .
