  i think i am a bit blessed with my personal environment in this regard ( i am studying law ) , but this is far from the regular case . 
   honestly , they did n't seem dumb , just poorly informed . 
  which amounts to the same . 
  simply because most people do n't make the effort to educate themselves . 
  sorry , we do n't think that not having facebook makes us more corrupt . 
   the component is constructed by combining the number of broadband subscriptions and internet users with the share of facebook users relative to the population . 
  the fuck . 
  so apparently , our country is more corrupt than others because our share of facebook users is low ? 
  how does this even make sense ? 
  my biggest issue with this index is the fact that they draw a direct line from the complexity of procedures to corruption . 
  yes , if you need ten documents to import something , there are more possibilities of corruption compared to the case where you only need three . 
  this however is meaningless as it is perfectly possible that none of the ten issuers is corrupt but one of the three is . 
  it seems that they grade based on the hypothetical potential for corruption and not the actual corruption . 
  i also have troubles believing that france is supposed to be # 2 in trade openness , leaving for example the uk far behind . 
  the last three months have shown that once people get to the macedonian border , they stay on the greek side of it . 
  you talk about `` plenty of 25 year olds disguised as children '' and follow up with a tabloid article that does n't prove your claim and is a singluar case . 
  you talk about things `` that are happening '' and link to people theorycrafting about a certain scenario where the family reunification has not been granted so far . 
  hardly a fitting `` source '' or arbitrary reasons . 
  you have to do better than that . 
   http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/sweden-migrant-hostel-worker-murder-7272863 wow . 
  a tabloid article about someone who might be older than he says he is . 
  apart from the fact that this is not about him actually getting approval . 
   why do you assume some of the kids might be adults ? 
  because not every family is in the perfect age to have toddlers as children . 
   as we have seen plenty of 25 year old `` children '' have been allowed in source that please . 
   there are numerous cases of this exact thing happening even if the host nation has laws against it . 
  source . 
  pretty much the case for everyone in this thread trying to argue with actual facts and numbers instead of stupid fearmongering and unsourced conspiracy theories . 
  maybe in part , but the main reasoning has been that we are overwhelmed with the cases of people already here . 
  the authorities simply have no capacity to deal with family reunifications . 
  it is expected that we will have all the applications ( for asylum , not reunification ) until q3 2016 . 
  this is still no source from your side . 
  effectively reducing your comment to a conspiracy theory without any basis . 
   ok so only 6 or 7 children then . 
  as i already pointed out , the fertility rate of syrians is below 3 . 
  there might be families with six children , but they will be the exception , not the common case . 
  also , you ignore the fact that you can not apply for unification with children above the age of eighteen ( sixteen if they are not living with their parents anymore ) . 
   or the other wives can just appeal that seperating the children from their father is against their human rights and they all get brought over anyway . 
  there is neither a law or a precedent that would support this . 
   what about all the other people that are n't syrian ? 
  few countries qualified the people for actual `` refugee '' status - many only recieved subsidiary protection , severely limiting the possibilities for familiy reunification . 
  only syria and iraq had very high numbers of granted refugee status . 
  they are also the two main groups of people , the only groups that could create a relevant surge in the number of family reunifications . 
  the number of afghans likely was around 50.000 in 2015 , hardly a worrying number . 
  additionally , reunification only works until the children are eighteen years old , already imposing limits from the age of 16 . 
   the fertility rate of afghans for example is something around 8 . 
  according to the [ cia ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2127rank.html#iz ) , it is 5.3 . 
  too bad that \u00a7 30 aufenthg only allows for the unification with * one * wife and that children can only come here if * both * parents are allowed to be here . 
   at the same time people are drowning in the mediterranean sea again because turkey has basically closed the borders . 
  i think this is not a correlation . 
  simply because it is a different demographic that is coming via the mediterranean sea . 
  the people coming via libya are almost exclusively people from africa , the people who came via turkey were mainly syrians and iraqis . 
  so the chances are pretty good that the mediterranean arrivals would have been the same with turkey-greece open . 
   the chancellor 's absence , and foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier 's nuanced statement after the vote , indicate that the german government will continue with business as usual . 
  apart from : that 's business as usual . 
  merkel devotes most of her time to travelling around europe ( and the world ) and only votes in the bundestag if the issue is really important ( like the greek bailout ) . 
  the same goes for steinmeier - he was on a trip that was scheduled half a year in advance . 
  even starting to talk about `` 20 children '' , implying that this would be the case somehow , is ridiculous . 
  `` big '' - 2.6 children per family for syrians . 
  more than our families , but still not `` big '' . 
  oh dont be ridiculous . 
  the total fertility rate of syrian women is 2.6 children/woman . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/sy.html ), 
  honestly , i spent quite some time in hamburg and this has never happened while i was present . 
  there are places in germany where people are more talkative , but hamburg ( and northern germany in general ) is none of these places . 
  well , even by our standards that is terrible . 
  and this is why these people receive refugee status and not citizenship . 
  what your are saying is inaccurate and not supported by the actual laws . 
  what stupid nonsense . 
  our laws only allow for limited reunification . 
  you for example ca n't get your adult siblings . 
  the last time i checked , we shared no border with turkey . 
  erdogan can fuck greece , he ca n't fuck germany if he lets the people through . 
   but still funnier than the german opinion of britain . 
  i have yet to meet a german who finds the german video you are talking about funny . 
  or anyone for that matter . 
   na , you 'll find them in hamburg this would be one of the last places where i would look for talkative people . 
  i disagree with you . 
  it is not hypocritical as we never used ukraine as an argument to fight south stream . 
  quite the contrary - we have been supportive of this pipeline . 
  we have always made it clear that , for us , ensuring the transport is the top priority . 
  we did not fool around with proxy arguments . 
  this still does not free eastern europe of hypocrisy . 
  for exampe hungary would be a country directly benefiting from south stream ( with pipes through their country ) but they are very critical of north stream - arguing in part about ukraine . 
  i simply do n't think that this is a valid argument in this case . 
  `` lets care about ukraine - unless it benefits us , then lets fuck them '' . 
   so what am i supposed to source ? 
  the claim that south stream was in fact cancelled because of fears for ukraine . 
  well , source your claims please . 
  incorrect . 
  most of them left , a few thousand remained . 
  mainly in paderborn and sennelager ( 4000 men ) - they will stay at least until 2019 . 
   enjoy funding that # 180m/week hole in the eu budget . 
  you ignore two things : the budget would get smaller without the uk and you left the money flowing back out of the equation . 
  if you look at net contribution , it is closer to $ 100m/week . 
  still a lot of money , but less than half of what you claimed . 
   therefore i conclude that poland 's complaints are genuine the thing is : ns2 changes nothing for the price they have to pay . 
  and i maintain my position - if they now go and do * not * complain about south stream because it hurts ukraine , their usage of ukraine as an argument against ns2 is opportunistic and hypocritical . 
   ns is just a private enterprise . 
  sorry ( again ) , that 's like saying berlin wall is a private enterprise of construction companies .
