  well , under a greek request , an italian court tried to seize german assets . 
  it might be easier , but it still would be complicated to bring this stuff through parliament . 
  the mps should be educated enough to know that these measures equal a debt relief . 
  not the private investors but countries like germany might . 
  it is a political tool of goodwill . 
  i am just gon na quote what i replied to another comment :  as i said somewhere else . 
  i did not post this comment because i think debt relief is wrong . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  however , a debt relief faces major resistance in almost all european states , both in the parliaments and amongst the population . 
  when you are facing this opposition , a debt relief becomes a lot more unlikely and calling for it becomes a lot more unpopular . 
  that is all i wanted to say with it . 
  i am in favor of some kind of debt relief for greece , however please stop bringing up the london debt conference . 
  neither the amount of money in question nor the circumstances are remotely comparable . 
  as i said somewhere else . 
  i did not post this comment because i think debt relief is wrong . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  however , a debt relief faces major resistance in almost all european states , both in the parliaments and amongst the population . 
  when you are facing this opposition , a debt relief becomes a lot more unlikely and calling for it becomes a lot more unpopular . 
  that is all i wanted to say with it . 
  what do you want to say with this post ? 
  it is also unbased speculation that these people will sell our babies in the negotiations . 
  read again what i wrote . 
  i did not say that the talks should be secret because i give a damn that they are scared but because secret talks prompt better results as parties wont draw as many ` red lines ' as they would do in a public negotiation . 
  it is for good reason that pretty much every lawmaking happens outsides the public national parliaments in secrecy . 
  also , it prevents people protesting against certain stuff solely because they were proposed by the us without no other justification . 
  hsbc already has a strong standing in the asia market , they are mainly considering to move because they see great opportunities in asia ( it is illusional to believe that europe could compete with asia in terms of future financing needs ) . 
  yes , it is also somewhat due to regulations here in europe , but this must not serve as an argument for complete deregulation of the banking sector . 
  i think hsbc is a bit of a special case , and also they also only announced ` thinking ' about it , probably hoping for a better deal/lawmaking from the uk govt . 
  they wont change their location from europe/the us to asia though . 
  changing location within the eu ( lets say from frankfurt to london ) is already enough of a hassle , most companies dont pursue it even though it would be benefitial in terms of taxes and lawmaking . 
  the secrecy of the talks has its reason . 
  in a public negotiation scenario , both parties would go hardball , fearing a possible outcry from their public . 
  someone described it very well here on the sub : lets say the agreement concludes with : `` every european gets a free bottle of beer '' . 
  everyone is happy . 
  the original proposal was : `` every european gets two free bottles of beer per week '' . 
  if this was public , all the people would be pissed that they ` just ' got one free bottle and not two every week . 
  i dont dispute that . 
  however , a debt relief is unlikely to pass any parliament currently . 
  it is hypocritical if strurgeon calls for a debt relief since she should know that , if the money was owed to britain , she would neither have a parliamentary nor a public majority for debt relief . 
  its easy to call for debt relief when you have nothing at stake . 
  doubtful . 
  it is very unlikely that banks leave their domestic location because of minor regulation . 
  by that logic , all your banks should have actually moved their businesses to london because the european banking laws are less strict than yours . 
  there is no other eu country that comes to your mind !, 
  beijing and tokyo deal with different markets , i would be surprised if they would greatly benefit from a ftt . 
  because , you know , this has been the way of dealing with stuff like this since forever ? 
  so far this way has proven to be quite beneficial , see what comes from it before you throw it to the dogs . 
  well , they certainly dont have the same possibilities as the us . 
  the us spends about as much money on intelligence as the uk spends on defence in total . 
  i do not want you to believe that the world is a place of friendly people that are keen to improve your life . 
  especially not money-wise , as you said . 
  i just simply disagree with calling the times ` scary ' because some people are negotiating on some trade agreement . 
  of course it would have * an effect * . 
  why would they try to implement it otherwise ? 
  it would make certain kinds of trades less desirable . 
  its up to you to decide whether that is a good or bad thing . 
  i am all with you . 
  but the eu did not send idiots into these agreements , these people are pretty much aware that there are a lot of no-gos here and that the agreement will have to pass the parliaments . 
  i do think that a little skepticism is healthy , but rejecting everything before the negotiations are finished is pathetic . 
  the agreements will be public for a year before they come to a vote , people will have all the time in the world to be ` scared ' if there is a reason to be . 
  excuse me , but i am just pretty pissed at the constant onesided fearmongering about ttip and similar agreements . 
  you do not even know what any of these agreements will contain in their final form . 
  and even if there is bullshit in there , there is still a vote on them . 
  a ftt applied to the whole western hemishpere would not reduce the dominance of london or nyc . 
  we live in a time where countries negotiate trading agreements with each other . 
  like they did for decades . 
  very scary . 
  you are . 
  we are well on plan . 
  the plan is to get 300 tons from new york to frankfurt until 2020 . 
  so far , they have relocated 90 tons ( 2013/14 ) . 
  the netherlands transferred 122 tons from ny to amsterdam , 200 tons stay there ( which is one third of their gold reserves ) . 
  for germany , we will ` leave ' 1200 tons in ny ( which is around 35 % of our reserves ) . 
  [ source from the german federal bank ( in german ) ] ( http://www.bundesbank.de/redaktion/de/pressemitteilungen/bbk/2015/2015_01_19_fortsetzung_goldverlagerung.html ), 
  i am pretty positive it is possible to prevent leaks . 
  for example by not storing the stuff like you obviously did . 
  the question is : is it worth alienating the rest of europe to gain information that you could easily get otherwise ? 
  take greece for example - obama could simply have called any of the european leaders and they would happily have told him their position on the issue . 
  yes , that is not true for everything , but still . 
  about congress : the question is whether they actually * could * do something about it . 
  since the nsa is operating in secret , nobody will ever be able to tell unless you send an official observing every action . 
  it gets a little dangerous when people are able to spy on the people that are meant to control them . 
  not really . 
  this was not detected , this was leaked . 
  if you were wiretapping camerons phone during a us visit , nobody would be able to tell . 
  and i doubt that they really care that much , spying on congress is pretty much a level above that . 
  well , i can somewhat relate with your position . 
  however , especially considering greece - there is nothing the us could realistically do with that information , given that most of it is discussed in public anyways now . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if the nsa spied on the 5 eyes as well . 
  i mean , hell , they spied on your congress , why wouldnt they spy on your allies if they have ways that are not detectable ? 
  i guess only future can tell . 
  i know you were talking about the five eyes . 
  i disagree with that ` putting 5 eyes over anything ' unless you are purely talking about intelligence matters . 
  before the crisis , when greece had 130 % , their interest payments were a lot higher . 
  i 'd argue that the current ` kind ' of debt is easier to sustain as the interest costs are really low and the maturity is very high . 
  nevertheless i somewhat agree with you . 
  well , that is a special case . 
  the uk are probably the only western country besides the us that could pull the same thing off . 
  this should not prevent them from doing what i said in the future . 
  it is possible to implement these measures , no matter what the troika did in the last years , no matter how many people were layed off .
