  plus , i am pretty confident that a parliament , even if it is made up by brilliant minds , can not work well without political parties . 
  which essentially brings us back to the current system . 
  if we had regular elections every few years - it would turn into the same shitshow . 
  even very intelligent people with outstanding records can engage in populism to get reelected . 
   and seems to be extremely oriented on the short term well , true . 
   while the autocrats in china are planning for the long term , we are still bickering about the most trivial of short term problems in our own countries . 
  china still uses five-year plans . 
  and they seem a bit undecided where they want to go . 
  the one-child policy starts to hurt them badly now , so much for `` long term planning '' . 
   i just want us to be prepared for every bit of strife ( internal and external ) that will doom up in the decades to come , and democracy in its current form does n't seem to be a convincing problem solver at this point . 
  at the cost of personal liberties ? 
   meritocracy could be done by strengthening the judiciary ( making it more powerful and independent ) , as well as by giving the academic world more power in decision making . 
  pretty much all my professors criticize the fact that the academic world has too much influence on our constitutional court and they emphatically warn against a much stronger judiciary . 
  nobody wants a rule of the judiciary , not even the lawyers of this world . 
   the goal should be taking the correct decision after all , not the decision that can be sold in the best way in an electoral sense . 
  on that i agree with you . 
  people need to put the country and the citizens first , not their own political career . 
  it 's sad really - the electorate shapes this kind of politician but in the same tern it despises it . 
   the constitution could in turn work as a dampener on such a system , to prevent the ` rulers ' from infringing on the people 's best interests . 
  this creates a new problem : constitutions need to be changed from time to time . 
  do you want to delegate this completely onto the citizens ? 
  who chooses the judges of the constitutional court ? 
  currently , our two chambers decide on that . 
  i dislike judges elected by the public . 
   also , to add to the latter , the criminal code in a country with meritocracy should be updated with extremely harsh sentences for corruption/nepotism , to make sure it can never get a hold on such a system . 
  the thing is : the autocracies of this world have the harshest sentences for corruption and nepotism , yet they are generally a lot more corrupt than our democratic societies . 
   after all , true meritocracy will result in a drastic limitation of passive suffrage , while active suffrage could probably still exist . 
  this would turn these people into some kind of `` politician 2.0 '' . 
  it would also be a lot like iran for example , where an unelected council allows and denys people to stand in elections . 
  which is something we criticize . 
   but it 's just an idea . 
  we should look for a democracy 2.0 , or whatever you want to call it , that 's the bottom line here  . 
  as long as we consider all alternatives , we 'll be on the right path . 
  i still think that it is too dangerous to actually change our systems in this way . 
  we certainly need to improve democracy somehow , but so far we have found no way to do it . 
   or would you say that is unreasonable ? 
  yes . 
  i would . 
  because of the innate danger of systems of this kind . 
  it would be horrible for us to trade away a system that works decently for a system that could potentially reverse a lot of our achievements . 
  it is just the mere fact that the consequences could be unbearable . 
  there is also the problem with the public - you will dissatisfy quite a lot of people . 
  meritocracy certainly does sound appealing as a concept - but so did other forms of government that ended horribly . 
   we have n't experimented enough with alternatives to even come close to that conclusion well , we have a lot of expeciency with authoritarian regimes , monarchs and failed attempts of communism . 
  nobody really came up with a reasonable `` other '' form of government in recent times . 
  china probably . 
  of course it is n't . 
  there is no ` better ' way to bring a country to prosperity than in a dictatorship - simply because you can abuse the shit out of your citizens , you do not have to respect anyone 's rights . 
  but the negative sides of this kind of governing outweighs any benefits its generates . 
  the rights i listed are indefinitely more valuable than just a strive for prosperity . 
  by pretty much all relevant metrics : minority protection , representation , fairness , results , accountability , human rights , etc. 
  because we know no system that is superior to democracy . 
  it would certainly get interesting . 
  if i recall correctly , the uk would have to get 53 new trade agreements within two years . 
  which is not possible . 
   why would they ? 
  if we are looking to reduce barriers more than the eu would , that is less damaging . . 
  the matter is : the agreements the eu ( and you ) are focussing on do not include these poor countries . 
  the current aim is china , the us , india , canada . 
  and if these agreements are more liberal than the eu agreements , the countries * not * included are put in an even worse competitive position . 
   the cost of eu tariffs on uk consumers in terms of higher food prices was # 50bn/y . 
  that 's the whole eu though . 
   and i 'd agree with that , ttip is a eu/us trade agreement and it goes well beyond simply opening markets . . 
  this is not the point . 
  the point is that uk agreements would be equally damaging for these countries . 
   the uk is n't going to suddenly import wine from the congo and baked goods from sudan , but it might spend more of that money importing fruit juice from south african and kenya , where at the moment it is importing it from ( or really via . . ) belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands instead . . 
  it depends on the cheapest offer , but i do think that the impact is so minor that we should not consider it as a major point for a brexit . 
   yes ... 
  the free trade agreements between the uk and other countries likely would be more liberal than between the eu and the same country , because the uk generally pushes for trade liberalisation ( which i happen to think is broadly a good thing for both sides . . ) . 
  that 's the point , it 's not that the uk will protect itself more , or be able to extract more from some poor african country , but rather that the uk subscribes to the notion that reducing barriers is generally a good thing . 
  that 's something the eu has n't really woken up to fully whenever it looks outside of its borders ( and in some cases within . . ) and the eu tends to have a bit of a protectionist bent ( and when it comes to things like regulation it seems to mess up perfectly sensible approaches like the precautionary principle ) . 
  the article explicitly talks about how trade agreements like ttip are innately problematic for third parties . 
  this point stands . 
   the uk imports half of the raw foods it uses , it goes well beyond wine and pastries and includes lots of stuff we ca n't grow easily in the uk . 
  those are the goods most valuable however . 
   and the ` lets do exactly the same ' is n't valid , the uk would n't do exactly the same , it might do something similar , but that at least would be down to the uk government who are at least accountable to uk voters . 
  it is just nuances however . 
  nothing that would matter to the poorer nations in this world . 
  if anything , the free trade agreements between the uk and other countries would be even more liberal than trade agreements between the eu and another country . 
   the cost of food in the uk is relatively high , the tariffs on things like oranges are insane , essentially there are a lot of protections for southern european states and france , not to mention sugar producers and so on . 
  it will make a difference and the uk would be in a position to both push that and benefit from it without the political crisis it would cause if the eu did the same , or if france tried it . .  and no-one is suggesting we 'd switch entirely to buying from poorer countries , but even a small shift would make a difference . 
  a minor difference . 
  most of your food imports are goods like wine and pastries . 
   i think you have to put the article in the context of how remain vs leave is being presented in the uk ( usually by the other side . . ) . 
  the eu is broadly presented as benevolent and internationalist , whilst those who would like to leave are supposedly isolationist and xenophobic by the remain side . 
  on the left , the idea that the eu is somehow a non-selfish actor that is beneficial for the world , helping and being nice and so on is part of the argument , this seems to question that narrative quite a bit . . presenting this as a case against remaining does not make sense however . 
  `` oh this club is not as nice as people often claim . 
  lets leave and do exactly the same , but on our own '' is not exactly a good argument for leaving . 
   essentially if you are buying more from a poor countries farmers , you can also sell them farm machinery and all the other stuff they can suddenly afford . . 
  this is unlikely to happen if you ask me . 
  the uk alone does not make enough of a difference here , even if they switched completely to buying from poor countries ( which you wo n't ) . 
  this does not even make * any * sense . 
   eu practices are harming developing countries . 
  and they would continue to do so no matter if the uk is part of the eu or not . 
  it is also not a policy exclusive to the eu - no country gives more subsidies to the agricultural sector than norway for example . 
   forthcoming european legislation suggests this injustice will only worsen . 
  the upcoming transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) -- an agreement between the eu and the united states -- promises a similarly bleak outlook for international development . 
  analysis by the german non-profit organisation bertelsmann stiftung predicts that ttip will harm the economies of `` most other countries in the world '' as a result of trade diversion . 
  well , no shit - trade agreements harm everyone that is not part of that deal . 
  but how is that even relevant to make a case for a brexit ?
