  well , rightfully so . 
  nobody is forced to accept a bad deal . 
   given this , it just does not make sense for the uk not to be prepared to walk away with no significant deal . 
  it would be irresponsible for our government to do this . 
  i am all for preparing for bad scenarios ( our government recieved a lot of flak for working on plan bs on several issues ) , but i still do not think that the uk negotiatiors threatening to walk away with no deal is feasible . 
   i think this is a possibility because free trade and open markets is a sacred belief in some political/economic circles in the uk . 
  even if it is , i do see little appetite for this in the uk . 
  but you are the one who lives there , i might be wrong . 
   there are a number of influential free market think tanks in the uk who advocate unilateral free trade there are a number of journalists that argue unilateral free trade and i am seeing their articles more and more time will tell . 
  we will see i guess . 
  or rather - i believe that we wo n't since i believe that we will get some kind of deal , rendering unilateral free trade pointless . 
   if the uk does not go for unilateral free trade , uk consumers will suffer . 
  in a battle between uk consumers and uk producers , i think that the current government might side with the consumers that however is always the case . 
  yet most countries ( rightfully ) bargain with these things . 
   even in relatively technical fields , unilateral free trade makes sense . 
  in my own area , financial services , there are a lot of discussions about passporting going on . 
  even if , for example , the reu decides to make it difficult for uk financial services firms to trade with the reu , this is not a reason for the uk to do the same . 
  the city of london thrives on openness . 
  if we start making it difficult for people to do business with us , it would be a colossal error . 
  on this i agree . 
   but it still would not have worked in the long run . 
  this is not certain . 
  there have been other countries who actually made it work . 
  we are just speculating here . 
  i think you can make good points for either side . 
   looking back at history , that is the day that brexit started . 
  i disagree . 
   a currency needs to work in the good times as well as the bad times . 
  sure . 
   if the uk had been in the euro , the same thing that happened to the irish economy would have happened to the uk economy except our economy is ten times bigger , our population is much more eusceptic and we have nuclear weapons . 
  i see no reason at all to mention nukes in this context . 
  i also think that you are overestimating some things . 
  ten times the size does not mean ten times the crisis . 
  about the euroscepticism : what it would have changed would have been the way of dealing with greece & co.  yes , we are probably a better fit than greece and italy . 
  but that is not a reason to share a currency really . 
  well , `` reason '' . 
  i think it highlights that it is not impossible . 
  i am not saying that it would be better for either side , however . 
   yes , but this still does not mean there will be a deal . 
  there is a risk that someone vetoes it and this risk just got a lot bigger . 
  i would actually argue that the risk will be lower . 
  the hard bargain will already be driven through the negotiations , the participating countries have much more to lose without a trade deal . 
   personally i do n't think the concept of `` european values '' makes much sense . 
  i think both the uk and the eu have western values and canada also has western values too . 
  it always depends on the policy area you are talking about . 
  you should really read up on these rights . 
  what you are saying makes no sense . 
  nobody is obliged under `` free speech '' to give you a platform to express your opinion . 
   it did not work . 
  yes . 
  because you were too arrogant to listen to our warnings . 
  the german side told you not to value the gbp this highly . 
  you ignored the warnings and payed for it . 
  it would probably have worked if you had taken a more realistic approach . 
   if we look at the currency fluctuations between the gbp and the eur since the eur launched , it seems fairly clear that the uk is not a good fit to the eur ... after some initial uncertainty , it was very stable for over three years . 
  then , the financial crisis hit . 
  we can only speculate what would have happened with the uk in the euro , but i do n't think it is right to call it a misfit alltogether . 
  it is less about being `` nice '' and having the `` same values '' than about mutual benefit . 
  neither the eu nor canada will face dire consequences if ceta does n't go through as the trade volume is rather limited . 
  it is a whole different scenario when you look at the eu-uk trade relations . 
  and , as a sidenote , i * do * believe that the uk has `` european values '' - in fact , the uk has shaped these values for quite a while now . 
  the uk would have been a better fit than any of the southern economies . 
   you fundamentally misunderstand the principle of freedom of speech . 
  when opinions are censored because someone thinks they are `` bullshit '' , this is a violation of the basic core of free speech . 
  this opinion is not ` censored ' . 
  reddit is not a state actor - the moderators of a subreddit can ban whatever content they want . 
  it does not violate the principle of free speech . 
   on the contrary , it documents the flight of 1.5 million native germans from their ancestral home over the past decade . 
  there is no `` flight '' . 
  most of these people are returning later on and most people leave because they see opportunities elsewhere , they are not fleeing germany because it is so horrible . 
  it also is in stark contrast with the narrative of your zerohedge article . 
   so much for free speech . 
  you fundamentally misunderstand the principle of the freedom of speech . 
  it does not protect you from being called out by other people . 
   meanwhile , this is legitimate reporting ... and is sociologically significant ... https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article138249483/deutschlands-talente-verlassen-in-scharen-das-land.html it has pretty much nothing in common with the zerohedge article you posted . 
  that 's a whole different kind of story . 
  the welt.de article has nothing to do with refugees , gives reasonable explanations and elaborates how the net loss is very minor . 
  plus it is an article that is one and a half years old , making it not really newsworthy . 
  probably you should consider posting stuff that is acutally worth reading ? 
  this `` article '' does not even remotely qualify as journalism . 
  or anything close to that . 
  how are people like this allowed to publish ? 
  most of this is n't only misinterpreted or factually wrong , it is likely done on purpose . 
   a growing number of germans are abandoning neighborhoods in which they have lived all their lives , and others are leaving germany for good , as mass immigration transforms parts of the country beyond recognition . 
  there is no `` abandoning of neighborhoods '' beyond the usual rural depopulation . 
  the `` mass immigration '' also doesnt `` transform parts of the country beyond recognition '' . 
   data from the german statistics agency , destatis , shows that 138,000 germans left germany in 2015 . 
  more are expected to emigrate in 2016 . 
  the data also shows that the net loss of native germans through migration is 25,000 per year . 
  perfectly tolerable . 
   the statistics do not give a reason why germans are emigrating , but anecdotal evidence indicates that many are waking up to the true cost -- financial , social and cultural -- of chancellor angela merkel 's decision to allow more than one million mostly muslim migrants to enter the country in 2015 . 
  the very article he just linked before that sentence gives the reason : 70 % of the people that are emigrating want to experience new things or explore other countries . 
  reason # 2 is the job . 
  50 % of people emigrate because they want to live with their partner or family . 
  around 40 % of people leaving do not feel satisfied living here . 
  it is noticeable that the `` dissatisfaction '' is a more important reason for people who came here as immigrants in the first place than it is for `` native '' germans . 
   but anecdotal evidence indicates that many are waking up to the true cost -- financial , social and cultural there seriously is not more than anecdotal experience for this . 
  as in single people leaving quoting this reason . 
  it is no a reason for most people leaving this country . 
   to allow more than one million mostly muslim migrants to enter the country in 2015 this number has already been corrected to 890,000 people .
