  and i do n't have a problem with that ( unless it comes to things incompatible with our society ) . 
  i apologize for the late resonse . 
   why is a common solution needed if it 's possible for the border states to solve it themselves ? 
  because it is not possible to solve this for the benefit of everyone . 
  namely greece is left out . 
   paying turkey for nothing i beg to differ : we are not paying turkey . 
  the money is not going into turkeys budget but will directly flow into housing and taking care of the over two million refugees in turkey . 
  which seems a good thing to do , for turkey , the eu and the refugees . 
   we 'd only get to trade the afghans that get through ( that we might be able to deport ) for a syrian in turkey ( which we ca n't deport ) . 
  deporting to afghanistan is n't really feasible at the moment . 
   and i bet turkey would get documentation proving the migrant we 're sending is an afghan so they 'd be able to deport him . 
  allegation without foundation  firing the chief of police because he said out loud the connection between migrants and taharrush that was played at nye in cologne and about 10 or 20 other cities in europe actually it was because his police forces failed on nye . 
   or the secrecy about migrant sex attacks in general . 
  the data is available . 
  not mentioning the nationality in the media is common practice in germany . 
  it has always been and it is not about painting the refugees in a better light . 
   in reality the europe that they think they are going to of free houses , free cars and free swedish girlfriends does n't really exist and which is what i wrote  we should not be responsible for making good on someone else 's false advertising . 
  and how would we do that ? 
  it would have been a lie however . 
  again , provide sources for these claims . 
   are you working in a press office of ms merkel 's federal government ? 
  we as a society plus our government . 
  according to polls , people coming here without real reason should not be allowed to come here , the government has said pretty much the same . 
  well , go ahead and provide the data that is missing . 
  the hashtag is unwarranted by the way . 
  well , but the law allows us to deport them to the first safe country they passed . 
  a thrid country would be something different . 
  and there * is * a problem with the constitution here . 
  souce for the court case ? 
  likely it was shot down because it had formal mistakes . 
  there are not many people that could bring a legitimate case here . 
  if she is asked , what other option does she have ? 
  if she does n't mention it in her statement , people will ask afterwards . 
  have you even read about what i wrote ? 
  macedonia is free to close the borders , but one could expect them to talk to greece first . 
  it does n't have to be negotiations about it - simply talking would be sufficient . 
  much better than just making a press statement that the borders are closed . 
  i have outlined why germany alone wo n't do this elsewhere . 
  should we get a turkey deal , pretty much that is what happens . 
  ( and it seems that way ), 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  france had the poltical capital to take more people in prior to what happened in paris . 
  they choose not to . 
  spain and portugal could have done more ( in fact they did more , but nobody got distributed there ) . 
  not every country is like eastern europe . 
  they could well have taken in some people . 
  after all we are not talking about german numbers here but about a few ten thousand in a country with tens of millions of inhabitants . 
   also let 's be honest , no one gives a rats arse about greece . 
  everyone is out for themselves . 
  we obviously do . 
  we as a country have nothing to gain from it , this is a policy that is purely pro-greece . 
  actually i disagree . 
  yes , the nsa spying on us is horrible . 
  but no , the us is still a very valuable ally to us . 
  despite all the problems we still work with them in intelligence matters . 
  somewhat somewhat ridiculous claim . 
  fun fact : i am not going to vote merkel in the next election and i have in fact never voted for her or her party . 
  calling me a `` defense force '' for writing a post that counteracts ridiculous claims concerning her ( like ` she caused the refugee crisis ' ) is pretty rich . 
  i guess you would call someone who elaborates that hitler killed not all the jews in the world but ` only a few millions of them ' a `` hitler internet defense '' ? 
  my reddit account is older than the current refugee crisis , what are you even talking about ? 
  and considering the timing : this post went live four hours after it was posted because the auto mod delisted it for too many keywords . 
  it had to be manually approved by the mods . 
  in literally no part of this post , i have been talking about how good or bad migrants are . 
  come back when you actually read the post . 
  they do n't need to agree with that , the courts are all that matter in this regard . 
  if it is well written and well sourced , why not ? 
  this does mean working with actual stats instead of the telegraph , with overviews instead of anecdotal experience however . 
  and i have said nothing counter to what you said in the long post ? 
  i have never said that her words did n't have any effect . 
  first of all , you are correct , i should have been more accurate in my wording . 
  i well know the difference between asylum , refugee status , subsidiary status etc , but i could n't be bothered to name them all every time i talk about the topic . 
  secondly : some do get asylum , even though it 's not common . 
  it is not about staying forever but about being accepted in the first place . 
  when it comes to a goddan interview of the government plus directly published press statements from the government , the government itself is pretty much the most solid source you will find as nobody is going to print the whole press conference of the whole statement . 
  it is not like i included some opinion pieces written by the government . 
  the attack on using the zeit is a very low punch , bring up some arguments against the legitimacy of what i quoted . 
  honestly , talking about bl\u00fcm like his party membership would make any difference at this point is ridiculous . 
  he has n't really been active in politics for quite a while now and he is not one of the parties highly respected senior politicians . 
  he did not act on the behalf of any party , he acted as a private person . 
  well , it would certainly be problematic to deport people who factually have a right to asylum . 
  effectively , you are denying them the chance for a fair trial by doing so . 
  plus we have the national constitutions , some of which have some extra layers of protection . 
  i can assure you that it would n't be possible under german law . 
  my hypothetical scenario did not include getting rid of international law . 
  it would still be a violation of syrian territory and a horrible thing to do . 
  nobody is seriously going to consider deporting into a country ridden by civil war . 
  i talked about abolishing the asylum laws , not about turning ourselves into medieval barbarians . 
  it does not matter who they are , we do n't do some kind of check whether they are decent family fathers . 
  it would be impossible to do , by the way . 
  i am looking forwards to the stats , but i can tell you that i wo n't consider underage people as ` young adults ' . 
  cologne is not relevant to any part of what i wrote . 
  the obvious reasons are that it would be a violation of our law , eu law and international law . 
  we have no obligation to force people into fighting wars . 
  especially since it 's a fucking civil war and not some kind of country defense against a neighboring aggressor . 
  and no , the 80 % fighting capable young adults part is not accurate . 
  look at the stats before you make claims of this kind . 
  i have stated in the very second paragraph of this post that i * do * hold an opinion on the issue and that i have been vocal about it . 
  i however in most parts of this post did little more than just repeating relatively neutral statements and facts plus a translation of a press conference . 
  i wo n't deny that i have given my opinion at some points , but i would argue that the post still does not follow any kind of ` agenda ' . 
  for good reason , i have not written a conclusion summing this up but allowed anyone to come to their respective judgement on the issue .
