  -- -- -- it really is a very complicated topic . 
  we do n't have another option , do we ? 
  not even close . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/une_esms.htm ) could give you a general overview and further links . 
   context . 
  pretty weak context if you ask me . 
  we are not debating stricter laws here , we are simply talking about fixing a law so that it does what it was originally meant to do . 
   actually it 's related , as one can ( and will ) always draw parallels between eu and non-eu migrants . 
  no , as the topic is entirely different . 
  -- -- -- i did answer it ? 
  we followed eu law on both occasions ( regular migration , illegal immigration ) , all legislation and action has been lawful ( there is some discussion whether leaving the borders open with a dysfunctional schengen is constitutional , but this is not affecting eu law ) . 
  can you make * one * comment without having to include the refugee crisis ? 
  it is a completely unrelated topic . 
  and without going into further detail , what has been done is in accordance with the existing eu laws . 
  -- -- -- your comment seriously added * nothing * to this discussion . 
  these are big words on a minor issue . 
  all that is done is legal under the current set of eu rules . 
  it was a * german * court that decided here , the german law on this topic is simply poorly worded , resulting in this judgement . 
  if this is changed , there will be no difference to the procedure that was applied until a few month back . 
   breathtaking hypocrisy from merkel how so ? 
  it is done in accordance with the eu rules . 
  it is merely a loophole in the national legislation that needs to be closed . 
  it was not a eu court that decided here , it was a german court that made a decision based on a flawed wording in a law . 
  does n't matter here as the source is the same . 
  you can not make yourself look better by a change of method this way . 
  the number given here is lower than the number calculated in germany . 
  nonsense . 
  you might be able to say this about the ` old ' afd , but certainly not about the current one . 
  there is more than the program by the way , and the public interaction of some members has entirely disqualified them from being a serious party . 
  not really . 
  look at the states where the afd is in the parliament - they mean jackshit . 
  the previous government ( po ) was allowed to appoint three judges shortly before the elections . 
  however they selected five judges despite the term of the last two ending * after * their government time was over . 
  pis overruled this by selecting five judges aswell ( while they should have had two ) . 
  additionally , they changed the requirements for decisions of the constitutional court in a way that makes it pretty much impossible that the court will ever play a significant role again ( decisions require 2/3 majority and at least a certain number of judges , laws can only be brought to the court after 6 months ) . 
  they also made a legal step to put the public media under direct control by one ministry and they fired all heads and replaced them with ` own ' people . 
  this is not contradictory , i 'm sorry . 
  we simply ca n't every refugee in the world , but legally speaking , there is no upper limit . 
  we however had a similar experience with a party 20 years ago ( the republicans ) . 
  they reached the levels of the afd during the last refugee crisis we had ( balkan war ) but 10 years later they did n't even get into the parliament any more . 
   this will happen in germany too doubtful . 
  they really only have asylum as a topic and despite us facing the biggest problems since the post-ww2 influx of people , the party is pretty much stagnating for months now ( in the national polls ) . 
  admittedly , the times were a little less stressful for presidents . 
  they were n't travelling quite as much as they are today and the lack of modern communication tools slowed down things a little . 
  however , sch\u00e4uble has proven that he is capable of travelling to brussels multiple times a week . 
   i was also only talking about the `` konstruktives misstrauensvotum '' because that is what can be proposed by the parliament while the `` destruktives misstrauensvotum '' stems from the chancellor ( at leat that is how i understood it ) correct . 
  this is a direct consequence of the weimar republic . 
  i would refrain from calling it `` destruktives misstrauensvotum '' though . 
   why her 180 \u00b0 turn on immigration ? 
  a couple of months before she made a teenager cry live on tv because she has to leave germany as her parents entered it illegally . 
  this is not contradictory . 
  there has been no 180 \u00b0 turn . 
  what merkel said to the teenager still applies . 
  to everybody . 
  immigration and deportation are different things . 
   as a chancellor nobody significantly more right than merkel is possible . 
  it would not be unprecedented however . 
  the first cdu/spd coalition happened with kiesinger . 
  at that time , the parties were significantly more apart than they are now . 
   if federalism is so great then countries would slowly give more and more power to the eu level and an eu country could be formed . 
  the countries that are seriously committed to the ` ever closer union ' are willing to take steps in that direction . 
  it 's countries like the uk who are ` in the way ' . 
   countries and peoples will naturally start to join things like the euro and fiscal union if they see that they benefit the countries that are already in them . 
  which is why i am opposed to the euro introduction being mandatory for eu members . 
   even if they leave for a few years , they 'll come back . 
  you could also see the eu as a ` package deal ' . 
  the uk tried efta instead of the ec , they were relatively quickly convinced that the other option is better . 
  some eu principles really only work if everyone is participating and sticking with it . 
   federalists do n't have confidence that the benefits of things like the euro actually outweigh it 's costs which is why they wo n't let countries leave . 
  countries are free to leave ( admittedly we do not have a legal provision for it ) , but it 's the consequences they would face that is preventing them from doing so , not the other countries . 
  if greece was n't certain that leaving the euro would immediately crash their economy ( even more ) , they would certainly have left by now . 
  as varoufakis said : it was a bad decision to join the euro , but leaving it would be much worse than staying . 
  the issue is : greek debt is in euro , devaluating their currency would only increase the burden of the debt . 
  this is a very unfair connection you are drawing here . 
  poland is * maybe * willing to concede this to the uk , but only because they have even more interest in something else . 
  i do n't think that poland is opposed to the principle itself . 
   so you want a system in which countries can be forced to enact policies that do n't benefit them ? 
  how is that a good thing ? 
  this statement is not entirely correct . 
  at the moment where law like this is enacted on a paneuropean level , all participating countries will have agreed on this . 
  and if they are wise , they make this decision having at least the next decade in mind . 
  there will always be contries benefiting more and countries that are benefiting less . 
  this is usually evened out by concessions on other issues . 
  so it might happen that a country was very happy at the beginning but at some point notices that the turn of events have changed this . 
  maybe the benefits are not there anymore . 
  maybe they are worse than expected . 
  however everyone else is benefiting and/or happy ( no country besides the uk seriously wants to touch freedom of movement ) . 
  if there was an option to opt out at any given moment , first of all it would be detrimental for all other countries and even worse , half of the tradeoffs that were made to accomplish this deal would be gone . 
  it gets worse if the opt out is made after the country has profited heavily from the agreement in the years before that . 
  i would say it would be more intelligent to make these treaties object of revision every ten years ( or whatever timespan is fitting ) , it would certainly be better than the mess op/cameron suggested . 
  the eu is about unity , the lawmaking and measures applied should reflect that . 
  i would prefer leaving it completely untouched honestly , but i can see that there might be a need to change up things at some point and that some countries might get extremely dissatisfied with the state of affairs . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
   my system would be fair , democratic and accountable . 
  no your system would be ` let them play union but national states are the only thing that matters ', 
   not by unanimity literally every country in the eu will be opposed to this , and on the frontline of the charge against this we will see the uk . 
  not going to happen . 
  germany is n't going to allow for qmv when it comes to the euro . 
   personally , i would have no problem with that . 
  i would almost argue that an option like this would in fact * increase * the democratic deficit , namely for all other countries that signed up .
