  first of all , ttip does not affect canada . 
  secondly , what you are saying is nonsense . 
  look at the relevant provisions in ceta . 
   collapse in quality of products as the usa will flood the market with its low-regulation products , while european products ( which have to meet higher sanitation and quality regulations ) prices will skyrocket . 
  inaccurate . 
   american chlorine-cleaned chicken , here we come . 
  chlorine chicken is not any less healthy than our chickens fed with pharmaceuticals . 
  but nevertheless , we will see no chlorine chicken in europe . 
   a race to the bottom in terms of worker 's rights - this is seen in every single free trade agreement , anywhere . 
  germany has 147 trade deals active , it has n't lowered the workers rights . 
  this is not some trade deal with a cheap labour country , it is a trade deal with the us . 
   sealing the borders and taking the valuable possessions of the refugees is a good start . 
  that is completely unrelated to deportation . 
   we will see wo n't we ? 
  we will . 
  or wo n't actually . 
   you assume that the current german constitution , or rather the german state in its current form will last for ever . 
  but nothing lasts for ever . 
  i never claimed that it will last forever , but it certainly wo n't be overturned due to a minor issue like this . 
   you better look at what they do . 
  they are doing nothing that would even remotely aim in this direction . 
   i do n't give one year , and they are going to shoot at the refugees . 
  wo n't happen . 
   and do n't you worry , realpolitik always overrides morality . 
  be assured , if there will be a serious pressure on your politicians to change your constitution they will find a way . 
  or they do n't change it just act against it , which is clearly the worse option in my opinion . 
  legitimity is very precious thing , and once it starts eroding ( like in my country ) it is very hard to recover . 
  i think you fail to understand the realities of the political system here . 
  it wo n't happen , no matter what you think . 
  i can assure you that the principle of not deporting into war areas will not be touched . 
  feels like the fifth time within six months that france has threatened this . 
  i was talking about options for the swiss authorities . 
  these people can leave if they want to , but i doubt they will . 
  first of all , these people have recieved asylum 15 years ago ( so the reasoning is likely not ` just ' fleeing war ) and their children have been born and raised in switzerland . 
   if they prefer europe , they must obey its laws . 
  and i have never said something esle . 
  but in this comment line , we are explicitly talking about people who are already here . 
  so there are two options : either they stay here ( and the two boys were actually born in switzerland ) or they get deported . 
  there is no third option . 
  but how is that related ? 
  we were talking about deportations and you bring jordan into the equation . 
  ` islam ' is not some kind of universal culture . 
  that 's like saying `` yeah , put this catholic from ireland into some catholic community in middle aftrica , he will feel at home '' . 
  it simply dos n't work that way . 
  all of syria 's surrounding countries have taken in countless numbers of refugees . 
  i think i have a convincing argument : there is not a single mainstream politician that advocates for changing the status quo in this area . 
  there has been one person who suggested this and this was donald trump , who was then ridiculed for that statement . 
  and , at least talking for germany , a change of this kind would be outright unconstitutional . 
  and before you argue that we should change that - we ca n't . 
  the part of the constitution that prevents this has an eternal guarantee . 
  good !, 
   argued that these preventative powers went too far and intruded on the private lives of german citizens . 
  sounds like the new data retention law will face tough opposition there . 
  well , somewhat . 
  art . 
  140 of our constitution is a bit of a special case . 
  it essentially just says that  the provisions of articles 136 , 137 , 138 , 139 and 141 of the german constitution of 11 august 1919 shall be an integral part of this basic law . 
  so we actually included a part of our old constitution ( from the weimar republic ) into our current constitution . 
  rough translation : `` religious societies that are statutory bodies under public law are entitled to collect taxes on the basis of the civil taxation lists in accordance with the regulations applicable . '', 
  so it focuses on `` religious society '' and not some specific church . 
  in fact , the jewish communities and some other churches are collecting taxes under the law . 
  there are a lot of religious societies who could collect taxes but chose not to , for example jehowa 's witnesses . 
  the problem is that most muslim societies do not qualify as statutory bodies under public law ( their strucure is significantly different from what we are used to ) . 
   no one is talking about deportation to jordan . 
  are you suffering from amnesia ? 
  you brought jordan into the discussion in the previous comment . 
  the point you are making is completely irrelevant unless you are talking about deportation back to jordan . 
  jordan is closer , but they also took in more refugees than we did . 
  and no , it is not necessarily cheaper - jordan has significant water shortages , resulting in water prices that are over six times our prices . 
  and it certainly is n't safer than northern europe . 
   why did you even take them in if you 're are n't even giving the slightest effort to integrate them ? 
  these kids have never been ` taken in ' - they have both been born there . 
   it was n't decided by our societies , it was decided by our elites . 
  which is not wrong . 
   however , there are many of us , myself included , who feel differently and would very much like to see such laws change . 
  sorry , but i have zero respect for this stance . 
  you are willing to flush half a century of legal development down the drain because you feel a little unsafe ? 
  apart from that , you can not change all of these laws . 
  you lack the power to do so . 
  and i do not see the political will in the uk to change that either . 
  so even if you could get rid of all european and international legislation , your government will most certainly not change the fact that you do n't deport to war areas . 
  hell , not even the usa are doing that . 
  do you really want to be on a list with turkey ? 
   i imagine that if you polled most british people , most of them would probably be more than happy to see terrorists and their sympathisers deported , even if they ended up being tortured and executed i do n't even contest that . 
  but if you asked the society , we would have some kind of despotic rule . 
  the law works because we deal with everyone the same way . 
  if you asked the society , we would have capital punishment for child molesters , life-term sentences for bankers and we would probably strip people of their citizenship without any legal basis . 
   i do n't believe that the british state should be subject to any restrictions on what countries it can deport people to . 
  it 's one of the reasons i favour leaving the european union and the council of europe . 
  as i outlined , there is not only the legal side , but also the factual one . 
  you are willing to breach the souverignty of other countries in order to get rid of people ? 
  the question is also where you draw a line . 
  if you already give zero fucks about the safety of the people , why stop with terrorists ? 
  you could deport every pickpocket . 
   now , if the need arises and we change the law , that 's fine we should not change these laws and we will not do that fortunately . 
  the preamble is talking about ` god ' . 
  so yes , somwhat . 
   that 's hypothetical at this stage because they 're talking about a citizenship process not asylum . 
  so two totally different things . 
  actually no .
