   naturally that all story would be different if ee countries would be part of ns deal , but they are not . 
  are they ? 
  at their own wish . 
   double standards ? 
  maybe . 
  well , how am i supposed to know who is hidden behind that flair ? 
   important is why germany & co despite of sanctions decided to break solidarity when it comes to gasprom/russia because we are reliant on russian gas . 
  as good as cutting off gas imports from russia sounds , it is not realistic in the short term . 
  30 % of eu gas comes from russia , for eastern europe the share is 70 % even . 
  by the way , even the uk increased the gas imports from russia during the last year ( +30 % ) . 
  its not exclusive to germany . 
  bosnia and herzegovina , one of the main sources of refugees in the balkan conflict , is over 40 % muslim . 
  agreed . 
  but i think a joint country could ` manage ' such a less developed area . 
  i would argue that some of the problems of italy could be solved through a unification , but thats just speculation . 
  northern italy is actually pretty comparable with the mentioned countries . 
   but in the east they wo n't like this idea i think it would totally depends on the terms . 
  if the expansion was to go forth slowly , like one country at a time , and accompanied with large financial transfers with the aim of actually bringing them close to our standard ( like we did/tried with the former gdr ) , the opposition might be a little less . 
   a huge number of them do n't have documentation , according to reports . 
  what do you do with those ? 
  refuse them entry ? 
  find out their nationality through intelligence and knowledge/language tests . 
  it surely is possible . 
  you can * at least * sort out the people that come from the balkans which is already a huge share ( and the people with the least chances of success , below 0.5 % in germany , a bit better in the uk and other countries ) . 
   hungary is hardly doing anything wrong if you ask me . 
  asides from not treating the people that actually get in well ... and some other things . 
  however its no different with greece , it might partly be caused due to the extremely high numbers of refugees going there ( hungary has a lot more refugees per capita than germany even ) . 
   no id ? 
  no crossing . 
  what about the people who never owned an id ? 
  identification documents are not common in every country on this earth . 
  the us being the most prominent example . 
  about people who had taken their papers away by the human traffickers ? 
  people that can not get papers in their country ? 
  ( i doubt that is that nice of an experience to apply for a passport in syria currently ) . 
   not coming from a warzone ? 
  no crossing . 
  well , thats what is curretly attempted to accomplish through declaring the balkans safe countries . 
  you are correct . 
  good luck ` helping ' syria . 
  i 'll leave that decision to people that are a lot more knowledgeable on the issue who also know what is politically feasible . 
  and no , i am not advocating for letting everybody cross the border immediately , that however is hugely problematic . 
   do they get held somewhere until their background is checked and then a decision is made for them ( either asylum or deportation ) ? 
  you can make a first decision immediately based on their nationality ( if the person has a passport ) . 
  afterwards , you surely have to bring them to some facility for the background check . 
  no matter if that is in hungary or belgium . 
  of course the eu did not do enough . 
  we failed to prevent the influx in the first place by not helping the other countries ( mainly syrias neighbors ) , we failed to help the eu border countries . 
  and this surely has to change , no doubt about it . 
   including why we did n't wall our selves in . 
  like saudi arabia . 
  because we have these things called human and fundamental rights . 
  the problem is : saudi arabia can simply reject people at their border . 
  nothing will come from it . 
  they do not have something that would compare to our asylum laws . 
  well , we cant . 
  if the people are coming over the sea , we are simply not allowed to send them back into war areas . 
   my father also went out of croatia . 
  but did n't apply for an asylum anywhere . 
  he applied for a work visa in the czech republic . 
  found a job and started working . 
  learning the language . 
  integrating . 
  he renewed the visa every 6 months and payed money for it . 
  payed taxes . 
  everything by the book by the law . 
  well , that is not possible for the people coming here . 
   this is literally impossible . 
  they 're coming through the poorest region on croatia thats would be ill equipped to handle 1000 a day let alone 13.000 . 
  it is possible if there was a proper infrastructure that immediately brought them elsewhere and that was supplied and staffed by other eu countries . 
   the problem is that this will never happen , because maybe we could safe money if we build higher fences and pray that the influx stops . 
  it would also be money spent that you do not see having an immediate effect . 
  the current influx could ( largely ) have been prevented by investing a few billions into the neighboring countries of syria , yet nobody did . 
  this is actually not a response to saying that we are not sa ? 
  of course the infrastructure of many cities was not made for these amounts of refugees . 
  however the only way to solve that is to either stop accepting these people alltogether ( unlikely ) or processing them in the entry countries and then immediately distributing them . 
  and we can see the influx as well , especially if one is taking the train . 
  if the solution was simple , there would not be that much discussion about that currently . 
  actually there are quite a lot of things that you can do with large amounts of laborforce . 
  restoring/demolishing all of the decaying infrastructure along less frequented rail tracks . 
  if you ever take a train trip through germany , you see all these former train station buildings that are not used anymore and in horrible condition , you see former storage buildings that are in ruins . 
  you could do away with the ruins and turn the stations into buildings capable of housing people . 
  this would also solve some problems with the accomodation of refugees probably . 
  there are already some projects where asylum seekers/social benefit recievers are tasked with renovating old buildings , where they are allowed to live afterwards . 
  and this is just one of the examples . 
  yes , generally spoken you are right , but there are * some * things that we could ` use ' them for . 
   seeing as some people coming here from muslim countries do believe in sharia law and their right to practice it in the eu . 
  i have watched that documentary you linked , however it outlines the extreme cases . 
  representative polls indicate that only a tiny minority of muslims in germany advocates for the introduction of sharia law . 
   offers no logistical help but is mad when we fail to do as they wish . 
  thats why merkel and hollande already proposed sending officials of the european countries towards greece ( and likely other countries ) to handle it . 
  however simply processing them does not help solving the problem , especially not for the countries these people arrive in . 
   the eu might survive this . 
  schengen for sure wo n't . 
  i am actually pretty positive that schengen will still be in place a few years into the future . 
  if you manage to deny people benefits that do not apply for asylum in the first country they enter , there is no need for border controls ( however that would require some kind of redistribution of the people as the border countries cant handle all of them alone ) . 
  and to come back to your mention of the uae or saudi arabia - them doing less is * nothing * that should influence our decisionmaking . 
   on the more serious side , let the unhcr select them . 
  they have a vulnerable person resettlement program . 
  they resettle people who need medical attention , are victims of torture and violence , are women who are threatened by things like honor killings .
