  edit : nice downvotes . 
  check the actual numbers . 
  you will see that i am correct . 
  first of all , not all refugees are syrian ( in 2015 , roughly 30 % have been syrians ) and secondly , we will see . 
  i think it is unlikely that the war in syria will rage for 20 more years . 
  the people that ` disappeared ' are not necessarily in germany anymore or they might have been registered multiple times ( in different locations ) . 
  i was singling out syria because they are the most significant group ( 30 % in 2015 in germany btw ) . 
  the other people will have to leave too . 
  however , the people who are well-integrated and working jobs should be allowed to stay here in my opinion . 
  we do . 
  most of all , we need the tandem to work . 
  it is not good if either side gets too dominant . 
  thing is : if their number is too big , they will be deported as soon as possible . 
  it can only get better though ( unless its le pen ) . 
  yes , you can measure rejected applications . 
  the problem is that these statistics are usually published by the nation states and not combined in eurostat if i am not mistaken . 
  what is more difficult to measure is the actual number of asylum seekers in the country . 
  because rejection does not equal deportation and some people leave voluntarily despite being accepted . 
   anyway , the issue is moot now . 
  true  some critics were claiming she eliminated all dangerous opponents risking you 'll be left with a week chancellor when she steps down . 
  well , the people that she `` eliminated '' were n't exactly that great either . 
  [ oettinger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bcnther_oettinger ) is fucking with the eu digitalization . 
  [ wulff ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_wulff ) became president of germany and later stepped down because he accepted money from business people and threatened a journalist ( on mailbox , what a retard ) . 
  [ koch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roland_koch ) fucked up royally at his managing position after he left politics . 
  probably the most popular politician at the moment is the minister president of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg [ kretschmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winfried_kretschmann ) , but there is a problem : he is a member of the green party ( he would fit into the cdu very well though ) . 
  i think conservatives would vote for sch\u00e4uble as a successor if he was 20 years younger . 
   i also do n't know why hungary appeared on schlaube 's list of countries at risk for leaving - population is like 70 % pro eu . 
  probably because orban is very quick to jump on the populism train sometimes ? 
  i do n't know . 
  applications . 
  everything else is difficult to measure . 
  the outcome of our election is already pretty much clear . 
  there is no other option than angela merkel winning unless we experience a fuckup of purely epic dimensions . 
  while i agree that we could use a little less germany and more france ( or italy ) in the eu , i doubt that it will happen until the next election . 
  hollande is too weak . 
  most people want to go back to syria ( or their respective country ) once it is safe . 
  especially the older ones . 
  where do you get the 1.8 million number from ? 
  not all of the refugees came from arab countries 4 . 
  a lot of people already moved on or left ( for example the people from the balkan countries ) . 
  nonsense . 
  it was n't a problem because these people were n't a problem to us despite coming from a somewhat different culture . 
  could be the same with the current refugees . 
  we will see . 
   well , it never got really discussed so yes it 's vague but it was an ignored potential start for a more detailed discussion . 
  fair enough . 
   global relocation meant relocating them to camps outside europe . 
  `` global quotas '' sounds very much like `` everybody gets some '' to me . 
   you are right , but what can we do , invade thy neighbors ? 
   form a commonwealth . 
   agree again . 
  that 's why i said i hope she gets back quickly some of the lost trust and good-will . 
  in germany , she already did . 
  her party is still down a bit ( polling around 32-33 % ) , but her approval ratings are picking up . 
  the upcoming phase of reforms ( pretty much all leaders have announced that we need to reform after the brexit ) in the eu might allow us to regain a bit of confidence . 
  we will see . 
  i wonder if she will step down during the next term however . 
  she has always said that she would like to leave on her own terms instead of being voted out . 
  i doubt that our next chancellor will be able to fill her boots ( in terms of european power ) immediately . 
   they were hoping for a weakened eu assuming fn gains in france and afd in germany . 
  afd is fortunately dropping in the polls ( from constantly 15 % , they are now polling around 12 % ) . 
  i am still unsure how the brexit will affect the polling . 
  the response of the afd leaders was very ... confusing . 
  some of them called for a referendum in germany , others said that they were sad that the uk left and yet other people said that the eu needs to be reformed . 
  chances are good that the party will deconstruct itself until the election . 
  their leaders are constantly fighting each other . 
  according to eurostat , they had 11,930 applications in the first five months of 2016 . 
  actually , this is incorrect . 
  according to eurostat , switzerland recieved 23,500 applications in 2014 and 39,445 applications in 2015 . 
  this means that they are # 9 in europe , taking in more people than for example the uk or finland . 
  given that the refugees during the balkan wars arrived over multiple years , they have taken in a similar amount of people in this crisis . 
   nope really : http://www.immigrant-crisis.com/how-to-handle-crisis/ - it was a bit more ( sorry for the dodgy source , but it 's really hard to find a decent one ) . 
  pretty vague , do n't you think ? 
  a lot of this stuff was proposed by germany as well but some of the points just are n't realistic . 
  fully replacing greek border guards with european ones is not going to happen . 
  separating people outside the eu - not possible in regard to italy for example . 
  safe countries - still very much wip . 
  additional funding : sch\u00e4uble suggested some additional faxes on petrol - giant outcry . 
  it is kind of funny that many non-german redditors here on / r/europe were upset when we announced what we expect to spend on refugees in the next few years . 
  it is our own money , goddamnit . 
  and last but not least - global relocation : i can not see any of the v4 countries agreeing to this at this point . 
  to me , this seems like an `` easy solution '' to maintain the moral highground - simply because such a thing passing on a global level is very damn unlikely . 
   poland and hungary actually have a lot of skin in the game - they might be joined by romania . 
  an ongoing joke today here is that budapest should annex london since it 's the second biggest hungarian city . 
  anyway , once the status of existing eu citizens in uk gets clarified v4 will probably follow germany - our economies just depend too much on yours . 
  it however is very questionable that an alliance of countries can ever exercise as much power as a single country of the same size . 
   also , sorry to say but merkel lost a lot of goodwill in the council - as visible from the famous redistribution - all agree but none will do - i really hope she recovers . 
  yes , she has . 
  the redistribution thingy cost us a lot of political capital and it has effectively resulted in failure . 
  nevertheless , even though we are weakened , there still is no alternative inside europe . 
  there is nobody that is capable of contesting us at the moment . 
  france wo n't get stronger until after their next elections . 
  hollande is pretty much done for . 
  at this point in time , it seems very unlikely that merkel will * not * get reelected . 
   my biggest worry atm is that the uk clowns are too busy now with in-politics and do n't seem to care there is a real risk of a major world recession so yeah , i believe they should be coerced into negotiations asap . 
  we will see . 
   i was reading a thread in / r/unitedkingdom where people were saying that we 'll wait till october , then we 'll wait some more until elections in germany and france , etc. 
  that is unacceptable imo . 
  i see no reason to wait for our elections . 
  it is not like the negotiations would be that relevant to our domestic politics .
