  i do not think a `` yes '' would be a miracle though . 
  their programme is not to be renegotiated or reopened . 
  germany has no interest in punishing people for expressing their real opinion in the euro group . 
  what would they have to gain from it ? 
   it 's not evil but it cenrtanly makes the life harder for those who do not think that austerity above all can resolve the problem of public debts . 
  without taking a stance on austerity here , this referendum is between austerity ( by creditors demands ) and austerity ( by consequence of a default ) . 
   if tomorrow the ecb stops the liquidity injection ( highly likely ) greece will need to start printing drachmas . 
  not really . 
  they can ` just ' announce a bank holiday of one week , until the referendum . 
  the greek government has the leeway to delay the payments for their own employees for a week , same goes for their internal bills . 
  yes , they will be de facto in default as they wont honor the imf payment , but not out of the euro . 
  this is not about punishment but about political reality . 
  i am just gon na quote what i wrote in another thread :  some member states have parliaments that would have to agree to such an extention . 
  however , since there is no accepted proposal of either side , the parliaments have no basis to decide in favor of that . 
  sch\u00e4uble , amongst others , suggested a referendum over a month ago , they had all the posibilites in the world to hold a referendum before the time ran out . 
  how do you imagine this ? 
  `` cyprus voted * against * us , lets reopen the negotiations for their bailout and punish them '' or what ? 
  who is going to punish them and how ? 
  cyprus decision wont offset anything in the eu as it is is still a majority vote . 
  there are currently no further talks about cyprus on the agenda . 
  the eu is no evil organization who crushes everyone who thinks different . 
  what hinders cyprus from aligning with france ? 
  nobody is going to ` punish ' cyprus for doing so , it is still a democratic vote . 
  it is not like they decided on relieving greeces debt completely or anything of this kind . 
  you do not get much money for ` old ' military equipment . 
  greeces mirages are about 30 years old . 
  the military value of the equipment is likely much higher than the possible sale price . 
  i really doubt that croatia and romania would buy 30 year old jets . 
  the guardian reports that france was the only one who wanted to extend the program until the referndum . 
  they certainly had a choice . 
  i disagree . 
  the eu is a project that is not limited to economic wellbeing . 
  lasting peace , better consumer rights , anti-discrimination laws and other things are huge accomplishments of the eu . 
  the euro bears benefits that are still there despite the economic crisis . 
  also , even the countries that are now struggling benefitted from the euro at one point . 
  we can not really make a closing statement whether the economic aspects of the euro have been benefitial or not . 
  the euro is a project that is undergoing constant change , if we can fix the flaws , it can very much turn into a project that benefits everyone again . 
  the whole eu is an elitist project . 
  if you asked the people at the time the eu was created , most would have protested . 
  so far it has done pretty well . 
  well , check the last polls . 
  is there anything that is popular * and * necessary ? 
   i do n't a majority for third program in germany at the moment . 
  depends on the size of and the measures in that program . 
  i am not sure . 
  if nobody violated any rules , this system would probably be working . 
  this is under the premise that governments would actually be willing to voluntarily cut down/improve on stuff to increase a country 's competetiveness . 
  unfortunately that is unrealistic . 
  a fiscal union might probably be the best solution , however this will go together with cutting the parliaments budget right . 
  disclaimer : sorry for responding out of order . 
  there is no legal possibility to hold a referendum of this kind in germany . 
  you would have to change the constitution for that ... twice . 
  first of all , referendums on a federal level are not intended , secondly financial/budget matters usually are excluded from referendums . 
   but in any case , we 're dealing with very high stakes developments here , people should have a say in it . 
  generally i am opposed to stuff of this kind as i simply to not trust the average citizen to realize/understand all of the facts and consequences concerning this . 
  even experts struggle with this stuff . 
  however , the proposal of the institutions is pretty much the opposite of what syriza promised in the election , so i guess it is suited here . 
   but i think they still hoped to come to some sort of compromise during negotiations . 
  they could have realized over two weeks ago that the creditors are hesitating to move further . 
  actually they could have realized that a month ago . 
  just one week earlier and there would have been no problem with that payment . 
   which has not been the case - and from what i read in the news this definitely can not only be attributed to the `` inefficiency '' of the greek government , as most german media put it - as with every spin , there is some truth to it , but only some - but also to a particularly uncompromising attitude of the creditors , especially the imf . 
  both sides were not willing to make a compromise . 
  every side was/is trapped by their own promises or rules . 
  believing that the imf would violate its own rules is just irresponsible as a negotiating position . 
  \u00d6j !, 
  the l is the capital letter !, 
  a fiscal union wont happen without control . 
  something that mr. tsipras sayed must never happen . 
   would be legally next to impossible . 
  it is true when you are only talking about ` legal ' options . 
  there is none . 
  if you are talking reality however , greece can be ` forced ' out of the euro by cutting them off any monetary supplies . 
  if they do not have no euros to pay their public servants anymore , they can either issue ious/a new currency or they wont be able to pay their servants anymore . 
  nobody that is remotely careful and reasonable would talk about introducing a new currency beforehand . 
  it would turn your economic position to the worse . 
  this is not undemocratic . 
  some member states have parliaments that would have to agree to such an extention . 
  however , since there is no accepted proposal of either side , the parliaments have no basis to decide in favor of that . 
  sch\u00e4uble , amongst others , suggested a referendum over a month ago , they had all the posibilites in the world to hold a referendum before the time ran out . 
  well , the first post in this line talked about a new drachma . 
  i still wonder how the remaining euros would affect a potential ( hyper ) inflation of a new drachma . 
  unless your government declares paying with euros illegal ( which would be pretty tough as it would potentially hurt tourism ) , the euro would still stick around as a stable parallel currency that is not inflating . 
  ( like the * deutschmark * in the former gdr ), 
  writing in both german and english makes me realize that i start forgetting the german counterparts for english words . 
  i tend to do the same ( not french , but german and english ) , however only in conversations with people that are fluently bilingual . 
  it is really annoying if you answer in english and the other person says : `` dont you speak german ? 
  talk german to me ! '', 
  it does indeed . 
  the german term i would use to describe what i wrote in german here is `` gestelzt '' , i could not find any proper translation for this . 
  * in der tat . 
  well , then they should be prepared to get sued the shit out of them . 
  greece is not on a mission to harm the eu . 
  it wont . 
  they wont risk the coalition over it . 
  because money that is printed does not directly go to the government . 
  also , if they did that , they would be kicked , pretty sure . 
  it just feels so weird to do so . 
  it is somewhat true for many areas . 
  however , in this particular case it doesnt seem to bother her .
