  you can appeal to the goodwill of the lenders , but it is not certain that they would agree . 
  it is a bit easier for greece as its debt is mainly held by other european countries that might be in for a deal . 
  it is different for the rest of southern economies . 
   greece export industry has been destroyed by the euro and by austerity . 
  you ca n't destroy something that was n't there to begin with . 
  greece has never been into the industries that yield a lot of highly-valued exports . 
  it is impossible to balance your trade if you are essentially just exporting food and a bit of oil . 
   their trade deficit is immense , because they have a currency that is too heavy for them . 
  it is undeniably too ` hard ' for greece , but this should have been very clear to the greek politicians from the very moment they applied for joining the euro . 
  but the currency is only one part of it . 
  the little uprising auto industry in greece was destroyed by government failure and strikes . 
  same applies to other industrial areas . 
   stronger countries automatically help weaker ones and this will run how ? 
  germany has said for years that we are willing to help the weaker countries . 
  but only if we have some kind of control . 
  and i think this is reasonable , it is impossible to sell to the electorate otherwise . 
  we wont be putting billions into a black hole where a lot of the money is lost in corruption or nepotism , propping up companies that run a deficite or paying for state employees . 
   otherwise it is better to dissolve the euro . 
  well , not for us . 
  by nature . 
  we also do n't care what candidates in our country the us polticians prefer . 
  that does not mean that these people are not free to give their opinion . 
  it is a little different when it comes to a head of a neighboring state endorsing a candidate . 
  but even then , the effect will be minor . 
   that depends on how informed are the citizens of that country . 
  nobody is going to risk losing their job for the prospect of a brighter future . 
   what jobs are we talking about ? 
  in southern europe unemployment is very high and youth can not find jobs . 
  yes , but it would get worse outside the euro . 
  greece only gets the bridge loans because it is staying in the euro . 
  all the government debt of the southern states is valued in euro , devaluating their currency wo n't help them with their debts . 
  outside the euro , interest rates would start to normalize , which is something that these countries can not afford given that they already have budget problems under the current regime where they are pulled down by northern europe . 
  you might become more competitive if you can devaluate your currency - the problem is that greece simply has no significant export industry . 
  their trade deficit is immense , as a result a devalued currency would do even more harm to the people . 
  plus , as i said previously , the people would lose a significant part of their savings . 
   joint currency will never work unless a system like the one of the usa is implemented : https://ideas.repec.org/p/nbr/nberwo/3855.html the us model can not be translated 1:1 to europe as we are talking about significantly different constructs here . 
  but i agree that change is needed and due . 
   well , they have a tendency towards drifting further to the right ... 
  there are not many votes left on the right border of the afd . 
  the npd is already marginalized , only in meckpomm , they still sit at 4 % . 
  i am sure that moving further to the right will do more harm than good for them when it comes to elections . 
   i do n't think they 'll be able to keep up their current level of support for long . 
  my guess is that not long after the elections , internal tensions will lead to another leadership fight , which petry will lose to someone yet further to the right . 
  i am under the same impresison . 
  petry will probably go through the same process as lucke did . 
   eventually the party will implode and sink . 
  well , lets hope so . 
  i am however not yet certain that this will happen during merkel 's rule . 
  once merkel steps down ( i am pretty certain that merkel will not be overthrown or lose an election ) , the cdu will move further to the right , marginalizing the remainders of the afd . 
   ( current minister president ) kretschmann is immensely popular in the state . 
  his approval ratings are truely insane . 
  and i can understand it - he seems like a genuinely nice guy that does n't carry the ideological weight of his party . 
   afaik even cdu supporters favor him over their own candidate , and companies like him ( ! ) . 
  i can not blame the cdu supporters , given wolf 's persona . 
  it is pretty much impossible to run baden-w\u00fcrttemberg * against * the companies . 
  kretschmann knows that baw\u00fc is doing so well * because * of the companies and not despite them . 
  and he acts according to this . 
   if the greens become the strongest party , and with that kind of popular support , he will become minister president again one way or another . 
  well , i would appreciate it if he stayed minister president . 
  a candidate wolf would not have a lot of crediblity becoming mp after essentially `` losing '' the election by achieving the lowest number of seats the cdu has ( ever ? ), 
  had . 
   and i think it would work well enough , too . 
  it would work very decently . 
  especially when it comes to the votes in the * bundesrat * . 
  i would be surprised if he has n't played this card so far . 
  but keep in mind - even varoufakis said : `` joining the euro was a mistake but leaving the euro now would be a disaster '' . 
  pretty much any euro country would lose significantly once it leaves the euro . 
  germany would suddenly face much harder competition as its products would become much more expensive , the southern electorate would see its savings evaporate under the devaluation of a post-euro currency . 
  a government that left the euro voluntarily would directly be responsible for a dire economic crisis and would with certainty lose the next election . 
  the electorate cares less about long-term benefit than it cares about economic wellbeing today and their jobs . 
  as a result , no government would seriously attempt this currently . 
  we 're bound to make the joint currency work . 
   it is time to try a keynesian approach . 
  and by that you mean spending your way out of the crisis ? 
  wont run for the same reasons as five years ago . 
  the countries that would need it the most are not allowed to as they are bound by the treaties . 
  and the northern economies wo n't be up for a change to these treaties . 
  the recent crisis has shown that separated debts are at best a nice promise . 
  the reality is that every other euro country will be held accountable pretty much . 
  countries are free to leave the euro if they are not consent with the policies and prefer to take this attempt . 
  it wo n't be much good in the short term however . 
  you would need to back up all of what you just claimed with credible sources . 
  nobody gives a damn , to be honest . 
  the us candidates comment about our affairs , we will comment about theirs . 
  that 's how politics work . 
  politicians are never indifferent about the stuff that happens in other countries , especially when it comes to close allies . 
  and about `` mingling in affairs '' - that 's the most ludicrous description that i have ever seen for a political comment . 
  his comment will likely not make any difference to any us voter , so why should he refrain from giving his opinion when asked to ? 
  it is not like he threatened anything or attempted to influence key people in the us ( well , he would probably not have much success with it and you do not really need to push the gop establishment to oppose trump ) . 
   was shunned by the more than 1,100 cinemas which are owned by the church here 's the problem . 
  the church seriously has no business owning stuff of this kind . 
  at least judging from the rest of germany , berlin is not a particulary clean city . 
  he is an elected politician and head of the european parliament . 
  of course , he is free to give his opinion about the american election . 
  i do n't see the issue here . 
  it is clear that he is not speaking for the eu but as a person/single politician . 
  well , two things combined : kretschmann really is likeable ( his approval ratings are insane ) , he could aswell be in the cdu and mappus fucked up royally . 
  this show used to be better ... 
  i am less worried than you are . 
   the cdu will be in great trouble after merkel resigns in the future .
