  i disagree . 
  it always depends on how ` secure ' and ` useful ' it is . 
  the main concern of bavaria et . 
  is that their money is wasted in the other federal states , especially in berlin ( people have that same fear about southern europe ) . 
  if the money is spent well , the opposition will be a lot lower ( people tend to forget that bavaria was once a recipient of transfer payments aswell ) . 
  if it is ensured that the money is actually spent on reasonable stuff and not wasted for election gifts , prestige buildings or clientelism , however that might get realized , i can see people accepting it . 
  we will probably never get the answer as we will likely not see a major german military force within our lifetime ( hopefully ) . 
  i am no opponent of germany upping their military a bit so we can actually do something in case its needed , however we will probably not overtake the uk in terms of military . 
  i beg to differ . 
  the survey was about serving your country in military conflicts . 
  since all our military engagements in the last time were of the kind of afghanistan , i can very well understand people disagreeing . 
  in case of a nato defense , or worse , an attack on germany itself , you would get other numbers . 
   is indoctrinated into fearing the word army such a big word . 
  i would rather say we saw what we can do and are a bit afraid of it . 
  there is nothing wrong with being a pacifist country given our history . 
  i doubt that . 
  for once , us building up a military would be in accordance with the interest of the other eu countries . 
  the military would be integrated in supranational structures ( nato/eu ) and probably not be suited to start large-scaled occupations of neighborcountries . 
  the buildup would be completely visible and we would probably even buy equipment from the other european nations . 
  i think the biggest obstacle towards a greatly improved german military is germany itself , not our neighbors . 
  ( i mean - hey , even poland is worried that we are ` too weak ' ) . 
  til spiegel is a fascist newspaper . 
  it required the soviet union to fall . 
  russia is , even with the sanctions in place , in a much better situation economically . 
  also , i do not see a ` revolution ' in russia happen anytime soon . 
  a transition of the gdr was relatively easy as it adapted the german system and was staffed with government officials from the frg after 1990 . 
  the other eastern european examples remain , however their transition was heavily reliant on the ` weakness ' of the udssr . 
  the survey was published in march , it has hardly anything to do with the articles that are being published these days . 
  this however is not a problem of education , this is a problem of people teaching that are unfit to teach . 
  i do not say that education can completely prevent extremism ( hell , we even had some german students go abroad to fight for the daesh ) , however generally speaking educated people are better ` protecte ' from extremism ( i am pretty certain that the majority of the people joining the daesh are not highly educated ) . 
  i realized that he is a troll . 
  however if he wants to harvest downvotes , let him have it . 
  nobody takes him serious anyways . 
  i do not deny that . 
  however , generally speaking i think my statement is true . 
  education will never be able to completely prevent stuff like this . 
  there are also stupid educated people in the world . 
  of course arab immigrants are different . 
  religion is not the sole factor making an identity . 
  people from the us and france are different , even if they share the same religion . 
  are we talking about secular education here ? 
  please elaborate . 
  well , the same thing that you to to people calling for violence in public - observe them ( with police or whatever ) , imprison them if they violate laws . 
  what else are you going to do to them ? 
  you ( fortunately ) can not imprison people based on religion or ideology , however you also have to prevent that they do harm to individuals or to your society . 
  genereally speaking - education works wonders . 
  well educated people are a lot less open for extremism . 
  having muslim friends and belief in the human race . 
  i could n't care less if it is a mosque , a church or a buddhist temple on the end of my street . 
  as long as they dont call for violence or hatred , i am fine with pretty much everything . 
  as for extremism - extremism of any religion in dangerous . 
  we have had enough violence in the name of christianity ( mostly in past times , however anders breivik in norway connected his action to christianity ) , in the name of islam ( in some states right now ) or even in buddhism ( monks blowing themselves up ) . 
  same can be said about many other religions . 
  i just believe that it is possible to overcome it ( not completely , there will always be idiots ) . 
  no and yes . 
  this is not really surprising since its coming from the former head of the german central bank . 
  if you asked the current head , you would recieve a similar answer . 
  while i respect weber a lot , i think we would be worse off today with him as head of the ecb instead of draghi ( if you didnt know , it is not unlikely that weber would have become the head of the ecb instead of draghi if he didnt step down ) . 
  unfortunately it required most of our cities bombed to the ground and a large portion of our population killed plus occupation for us to change . 
  not exactly what is going to happen to russia , drastic changes are not that likely in a ` normal ' situation . 
  ( then again , russia today is by far not as bad as we used to be ), 
  how does that contradict my statement ? 
  i am talking about the green-intern structure and not about their share of all peopel of the different income classes . 
  we have neither the domestic support nor the will to become a nation with a powerful military again . 
  unless the situation with russia drastically worses , this will probably not change in the next decade . 
  while the military spending is very likely to increase over the course of the next years , it is nowhere enough to become a major power again . 
  downvoted by all the german bots that want to cover the fact that we are actually on a crusade against europe , enslaving all countries because we are upset we lost the war . 
  it is not like germany chose to take that leading role in europe in the first place . 
  germany has punched under weight for a long time . 
  germany taking a leading role in europe just pays tribute to the uk being focussed on itself , france being in somewhat bad shape and germany being the largest economic power in europe . 
  it does not have anything to do with living out power fantasies . 
  oh , and the fascists are long gone . 
  i dont think you can not really make any predictions on that . 
  nobody knows what would happen in case of a grexit . 
  the economic and political dynamics might turn either way . 
  i actually think there is a lot more negativity towards greece than towards cyprus . 
  and well , it is in the yellowpress , the ` better ' newspapers not as much ( however even there you will find anti-greece stuff sometimes ) . 
  you have to find an option that is fitted to the situation on the one side and that has the political backing of your voters/parliament on the other side . 
  there just is no simple solution for matters as complicated as a financial crisis and similar stuff . 
  i am not advocating for completely giving up the budget right to the eu . 
  in such a case , the comittee deciding about it would be able to shape the politics in the whole of europe as they could simply deny the funding for political projects . 
  what i would want to like is some general oversight that could prevent drastic overspending like greece did with its military ( sorry for picking greece as an example here , it was just the most convenient example ) . 
  the income profile of the greens is the highest amongst all german parties if i am not mistaken , higher even than the fdp . 
  politicians do , in fact , not earn enough for the work they do . 
  what do you want them to deliver ? 
  if governments cant solve stuff like this , who can ? 
  somewhat true , nevertheless it is the responsibility of the politicians and especially the media not to misinform the public ( or it at least * should * be , i know this is heavily idealized ) . 
  but i think i have to agree with you , self-centred nationalism is on the rise everywhere , unfortunately . 
  dude you got issues . 
  unfortunately tsipras just made a statement two weeks ago where he said that a european budget control right must not happen . 
  i do not think a transfer union is feasible without any oversight ( from a ` neutral ' institution that is not solely based on the national interests of the member states ), 
  i would rather blame politicians for not communicating the measures well enough and newspapers oversimplifying things , serving stereotypes and hatred . 
  this however is due to faulty communication and media information . 
  you can not really blame joe average who is not really interested in politics and reads about ` lazy greeks wasting our money while relaxing ' in the yellow press . 
  with that i do not want to say that everything that was done in greece was fine , however i assume a large portion of the people disagreeing made up their mind based on information like i mentioned . 
  we do ? 
  juncker probably is professional enough to know who can take a joke and who cant . 
  he know tsipras better than any of us , i have a hard time believing that he would make jokes that actually harm the negotiations or hurt tsipras . 
  while tsipras has to manage a country in a dire situation , he can probably still take a joke and identify this expression as such . 
  i am pretty sure that there will be no more fun behind that doors .
