  seriously ? 
  abdul from afghanistan who wants sharia law to be adopted by the german state is a `` german '' . 
  this is not what i meant and you know that . 
   `` so what if germany becomes majority african and muslim ? '', 
  as i said , the numbers are to small to cause this in this lifetime . 
  what i find extremely hypocritical is the stance of the eastern european nations . 
  not talking about taking in refugees here . 
  their stance is that `` we should not let these people come into europe but help them in the region '' . 
  they however constantly fail to provide for ` helping in the area ' . 
  there was a calculation on what a fair share for the nations to pay in the last pledging conference for syria would be - every eastern european country significantly fell short of that ` fair share ' . 
   there is simply a limit of how many refugees/migrants society can absorb quickly . 
  accurate . 
   right now , you have 20 % of population ( ~ 16m , half legal , half illegal ) with immigrant background . 
  which is a meaningless statistic . 
  most of them have been here for decades . 
  you can not even remotely put that under a `` quick absorbtion requirement '' . 
   at the current rates , you will get another 8-10m over the next decade easily . 
  this would require a million annually . 
  we wo n't even come close to that . 
   even us wo n't touch such quick influx with a 60-ft stick . 
  not the point here , but their influx in the 19th century was a lot bigger . 
   at least half of refugees and immigrants ca n't get decent jobs , one market crash and the other 70 % of population wo n't be able to feed them . 
  did you really think that through ? 
  just take a look at the numbers : we had slightly above a million people who came here in 2015 . 
  the acceptance rate is around 70 % . 
  which would mean 700,000 people here . 
  even if all of them stayed on benefits , we would still have less people on benefits than we did in 2007 . 
  this was supported by a weaker economy and less people in work - yet it was not problematic for our budget . 
  calculating with a potentical crash - we handled the last crash rather well . 
  i do not think we can reliably predict what would happen . 
   then they breed and excrete until human life can no longer exist there , she dies , cats dine on her corpse , then die too because they are no longer in the wild and ca n't get food for themselves . 
  that 's a pretty racist metaphor that is completely unfitting . 
  exactly . 
  unfortunately , all european nations failed at realizing that . 
  no country really started acting before it had refugees at its own border . 
  look at italy a few years back : nobody in europe gave a fuck about the people arriving at lampedusa . 
  it was seen as italys problem - `` none of our business '' . 
   and you speak for the eu , settle down princess well , back your statement by facts . 
  show me evidence that the eu wants to do this . 
   yet , these laws have not even been looked at for reform . 
  be more specific . 
   currently they now grew to 7 % . 
  who ? 
  foreigners ? 
  muslims ? 
  certainly not refugees . 
  which is what we are talking about here . 
   young populations are always higher , so the future german population will account for even more non-germans . 
  depends on your definition of `` german '' . 
   what matters is they eventually will get voting rights , however long it takes to get german citizenship . 
  nope . 
   yes , but it is still a demographic degradation . 
  so what ? 
   so the parents will never be able to get german citizenship ? 
  i never said that . 
  but people who fail to integrate , fail to have a job and who show criminal activities - it is very damn unlikely that they will get citizenship . 
  on the other side - if people are productive member of society , where 's the problem ? 
  if the children of these people do better than their parents , of course they will be able to gain citizenship if they are still in germany at that point . 
   i hope you can integrate them . 
  well , that 's the whole point of this enormeous spending . 
  we recognize that we need to spend money to make this work . 
  about ten billions are for language courses and work preparation courses alone . 
  it is kind of astonishing that people in this thread think that we are ` wasting ' money by doing this . 
   lets just say those who do n't want to work under certain conditions that might violate their religion might find that there is little work available well , let 's see how it works out . 
  adopting to the local realities takes some time . 
  of course , there will be people who fail to do that , but all we can do is work with them to overcome these problems . 
  people sometimes confuse what came first : the german government never considered allowing in refugees in order to fix our demographic problem . 
  it was * after * we had already taken in a lot of people where some government officials argued whether these people * might * have a positive impact on the demographic gap . 
  it is very clear that refugees are not a solution for our problem , but that does not matter as taking them in was purely humanitarian . 
   if they have 30 years , even the worst morons will meet the criteria . 
  it will be very hard though . 
  severe crimes make you uneligible for citizenship for a certain period of time ( up to 20 years , depending on the crime ) . 
  you also need to prove that you can provide enough income for you and your family for multiple years . 
  they are already at the lowest amount that is constitutional . 
  they used to be lower , but our constitutional court ruled that the amount that was previously payed took away dignity as it was not humanly possible to live on that money . 
   why are they spending this much on people just turning up on the doorstep because we have a legal obligation to help the people inside our country . 
  their illegal border crossing is healed the moment they apply for asylum . 
  it is also cheaper than bearing the consequences of a whole group of people ending up in crime or in the black market . 
   at the expense of their own citizens in need our citizens get a fixed amount of money . 
  it is calculated based on what people need for life and not on how much money is available . 
  for people on benefits , there is no difference at all . 
   hell why not just give all that money to greece instead in return for them deporting all current and future illegal and economic migrants . 
  we have the turkey deal . 
   stricter rules in place elaborate please . 
   should syria become a stable country again , then the idea of rehoming them should be considered this is how refugee status is meant to work . 
  this is not meant to be permanent resettlement . 
   all because the eu wants the eu does not want anything . 
   primitive work force primitive work force wo n't help anyone and it is also not the point . 
   to `` fix '' germany 's aging demographics you make it sound like we forcefully persuaded them to come here . 
   pro-eu ethnic group we do not even know whether these people are pro-eu . 
   that will continue to undermine german culture not going to happen . 
  the numbers are way too small for that . 
   voting rights these people wo n't gain voting rights in the forseeable future . 
   birth rates scientific studies show that birth rates adapt rather quickly . 
  fair enough . 
  i still think that the us would deserve to be # 1 or # 2 however . 
  yes . 
  it is also an ethical problem : will your government burden its people with higher interest debt or will it have to stick with ez-financed low-interest debt at the cost of souvereignty ? 
  i severely disagree . 
  i do not think that there is a culture more powerful than the us culture currently .
