  what part of dealing with the crisis are you criticizing by the way ? 
   it was germany which blocked qe in all the discussions it came up . 
  and yes , it is the individual countries that appoint the euro zone finance ministers . 
  what do the ez finance ministers have to do with this ? 
  the last time i checked , this decision was up to the ecb and not the euro group . 
   point me to one published study that accurately describes that the uk leaving the union is easy peasy and not a problem . 
  i never claimed that it would be easy . 
  i claimed that we would not be affected that badly . 
  [ recent study in german ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/fileadmin/files/bst/publikationen/grauepublikationen/policy-brief-brexit-de_nw_05_2015.pdf ) . 
  it predicts between 0.08 % and 0.33 % gdp loss per capita until 2050 . 
  its pretty much the same as in japan . 
  we are an aging society that does not get enough children . 
  the political elite has failed to adopt policies like france in the 80s ( and they fail until this day ) . 
   even by the biggest immigration imaginable statistically you will be less than 76 million people in 2050 we exceed w2 however . 
   so first of all , there is some leaked information . 
  there is nothing that would indicate things changing for the worse though . 
  if you talk about us negotiating positions , they are exactly that - negoitating positions , not the final treaty . 
   all negotiations happened `` behind closed doors '' like any trade negotiation in the past . 
  [ a good read why this is that way ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseosy3 )  with the big industry players directly involved no shit . 
  this agreement is about harmonizing standards and other things , the industry will natrually be affected the most . 
  there is no problem with them asking the industry as long as they produce good results with that input . 
   i dont think it will be fully released to the public until its too late . 
  it will be released one year before it will be voted on . 
   it will only help big companies to lower costs by cutting standards etc. 
  it will the market more competitive , nobody is talking about cutting standards . 
  harmonizing does not mean that it changes for the worse . 
   take a look at nafta on that regard . 
  [ check here ] ( http://www.factcheck.org/2008/07/naftas-impact-on-employment/ ) . 
  it is at least disputed that it lead to job losses . 
  -- -- -- what is wrong about just waiting for the final deal ? 
  we will have all the time in the world to judge whether the deal is bad or not . 
   the thing that annoys me is how our government just wants to stop talking about the nsa , about snowden and about spying . 
  its like the dont care at all . 
  if its ( literally ) not possible to end spying on citizens , then tell us . 
  but they dont tell us anything apart from lies ( `` no spy treaty '' ) . 
  i agree with the lying part , however a souvereign government could * never * admit that they are not capable of stopping it . 
  as much as i dislike this kind of policy in general , but i would argue that ignoring it is actually the best way to deal with it . 
  ( while increasing the bnds independency maybe )  even russia is as the recent past has shown the relationship there is completely different however . 
  neither of these nations has much to lose economically . 
   the thing is , like all things europe , to find a consent on that matter . 
  it would need to be a paneuropean consent . 
  otherwise it does n't make sense . 
  i guess you really have to lose the war to understand that . 
  if you stick to / r/europe , the front page will be flooded with opinion pieces on ttip once the text is released . 
  ( just joking , the front page will be filled with immigration posts of course ), 
  our small-size businesses are actually doing pretty well on a global scale . 
   why does he seem to see germany as the main opponent to his goals . 
  which policies of his does germany oppose ? 
  its actually pretty easy : no matter what change the uk wants - it relies on germany to get it through . 
  i would honestly be more worried about france however . 
  germany already stated that it is open towards chaning the treaties . 
   is n't germany the evil one to the southern countries because of it 's `` anti-social '' stance in the debt crisis ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  we are actually generally evil . 
  we dont discriminate there . 
   not any more ( government ! = nation ) . 
  the governments are actually all that matters here . 
  nobody is going to ask the citizens whether the uk should be allowed to get changes . 
   ttip is bullshit btw and you base this on your knowledge of a non released treaty ? 
  good job !, 
   we should actually put pressure on them , so the parliament knows people are of negative opinion . 
  what about waiting until we know what ttip actually says ? 
   i fear after all the `` it will be unanimous decision and every country can decide for itself '' it will be stripped to majority decision like the immigration quotas . 
  this wont work . 
  i can ensure you that this is not possible here . 
  if the share of educated people is significantly higher than amongst the native population , they should be a net gain . 
   what are the ages of these immigrants ? 
  are they young students wanting to start their lives , or older generations dissatisfied with their own country ? 
  i 'm not sure myself , i have n't looked into it . 
  cant comment on that . 
  i can only tell you that most refugees are pretty young . 
   its quite easy , germany could use its influence in the eu to stop all negotiations about ttip until this issue is resolved in a normal manner . 
  also germany could use sanctions against us companies/us in general ( in the intelligence sector for example ) . 
  she yes . 
  we are totally going to sanction the us . 
  in what world are you living ? 
   she could have initiated a bnd ( german intelligence agency ) that can work without the help of the usa , in the sense that in blocks spying from the nsa rather than helping them doing it . 
  the bnd is underfunded to accomplish this . 
  there is not the will to increase this funding really . 
  doing so wouldnt be politically feasible . 
   even if this would n't lead to the end of spying in the first place ( there will always be spying ) , it would set a precedent of an uprising against us hegemony in europe and could motivate other governments to do the same . 
  no european country is capable of standing against the us . 
  maybe the brits , but they are under the 5 eyes programme anyways . 
  ( still the us tried to trade intelligence about the uk nukes with russia )  europe is an economic superpower but it lacks to defend its own laws and principles ... europe is not a superpower of intelligence . 
   inability to open stores on sunday or employ people on sundays there are actually quite a few countries with this policy . 
   also why should the uk not serve as a role model with regards to education and health ? 
  the uk has very well respected universities and the healthcare system is considered one of the best in the world . 
  i do not say that we should not look at what the uk does well in these areas . 
  however the recent developments have gone away from affordable education . 
  far from that . 
  the nhs has a history of being chronically underfunded while lacking capacity . 
  the nhs reportedly has the longest waiting times of all european health systems . 
   germany is weakened . 
  just because you did not fall into recession does not mean you did not take a hit from this . 
  if our economy is stable and growing despite the sanctions , we are not weakened . 
   is that a serious question ? 
  how exactly is the current relationship between the european union and russia not exactly a clusterfuck of enormous proportions ? 
  all the progress built up over years and years wiped out in less than 6 months of failed policymaking . 
  the policy towards russia is not made by germany alone . 
   you heavily mismanaged the financial situation of the eurozone .
