  additionally , discrimination has happened * through * the court systems - effectively meaning that this legislation would not necessarily be the perfect solution here . 
  trust me , i would prefer to handle things like this through the regular court systems as well . 
  the problem is that this is n't working all the time . 
   the uk , ireland and france are n't the kind of small disenfranchised states one would worry about in regard to the chilling effect tough . 
  neither are any other countries involved in ceta . 
   if the intention of the lawsuit was n't to intimidate smaller countries , why would phillip morris have jumped trough the hong kong and presented a case which was guaranteed to fail in the end ? 
  the only believable reason for paying several millions for lawyers in a losing battle is to make even more money due to similar laws beeing put into effect later or not at all . 
  pmi seemed pretty confident that they would win . 
   i meant the case itself , as i was n't aware of any jurisdictional problems , but feel free to summarize the problem of jurisdiction too if you have the time . 
   i am not 100 % convinced by the logic in the afton chemical trial , but i did n't find any trustworthy summaries of the bilcon case at all and i 'm not in the mood to read the whole pdf after doing this for five or six other cases already . 
  sorry , somehow i forgot this part in the last reply . 
  jrps judging based on non-written laws ( `` core community values '' ) seem to be somewhat problematic . 
  i actually think that the summary of the award [ here ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/topics-domaines/disp-diff/clayton.aspx?lang=eng ) is decent . 
  you can also make good points for the dissenting statement on these `` core community values '' however . 
  let 's see what the actual monetary award will be . 
   a nafta tribunal concluded that the joint review panel considered factors outside canada 's environmental legislation that were not disclosed to bilcon during the review process . 
   so what are these fundamental differences apart from the benefactors ? 
  there is little to no money involved here . 
  if you give a harsher sentence to a foreigner , your domestic population does not gain a benefit . 
  it 's the opposite when it comes to investments - when you treat a foreign investor unfairly ( e.g. 
  by imposing harsher fines -  loewen ) , your country or your local companies can profit tremendously from that decision . 
   just like your claims that you know no cases of mistreatment of foreigners , but some cases of mistreatment of companies . 
  it 's both anecdotal evidence at best , as long as there are n't comprehensive studies on both . 
  there are way less cases in front of isds tribunals than in national courts , and at least the agua del turani vs bolivia case seems like a good example why one would n't want isds . 
  which is also anecdotal , but if the thing you create to prevent something creates just as many new problems , i 'm naturally sceptical . 
  the big difference is that we do in fact have most data on isds available on the web . 
  you can check the judgement of most recent decisions ( unless they were settled ) on sources like italaw and similar sites . 
  you also have to see that the problem with the bolivia case was the deal struck in the first place , not the isds case that followed ( all financial claims were dropped by the way ) . 
  as a result , i have a very good basis for my claims while your claim about criminal cases does n't . 
   yeah , they were ok according to the rules , which makes me very uneasy with the applicable rules . 
  especially stuff like the incredibly far-reaching interpretations of terms like `` fair treatment '' and `` indirect expropriation '' by some tribunals . 
  one of the innate problems of laws against discrimination . 
  you can not really pinpoint a clear-cut definition as discrimination and actions violating the treaty can happen in pretty much any area of state action . 
  institutionalizing isds can help to bring consistency into this . 
   but we have seven countries in the eu with less inhabitants than now-famous wallonia with 3.5 m. 
  why should those small countries be immune from beeing bullied into shelving new regulations ? 
  phillip morris even famously tried it with australia . 
  i know they lost , but this kind of crap still has a chilling effect on other governments and locks in the current state of law , until the case is decided many years later . 
  because nobody will dare to go forward with similar laws until the cases are over . 
  several other states have announced to introduce plain packaging laws even during the time the trial versus australia was going on . 
  including for example the uk , ireland and france . 
  ceta is also one of the trade agreements that puts a lot more focus on the `` right to regulate '' than past agreements . 
   sure , successful as in `` will quickly get a lot of cases closed '' but if i 'm a party in any kind of arbitration proceedings , i 'd want someone impartial with a sincere will for a fair trial and intimate knowledge on our legal system . 
  otherwise s/he would n't be able to tell me i 'm right and that i should n't agree to any arbitration , because legal principle x means it 's the other guys fault . 
  i do have the necessary trust if the arbitrator is a judge , but not if it 's just some jobless hillbilly who does this kind of thing to improve his morale and social standing in his local community , like many of the sharia-arbitrators we have now . 
  i am not saying that everyone should be allowed to lead arbitrations . 
  i think it would be a very good step if we introduced the [ law on alternative conflict management ] ( http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/18/050/1805089.pdf ) for consumer interests already . 
  \u00a7 6 gives the requirements for such an arbitrator and i think this is the right way to go . 
   i 'm still not convinced they 'd make a fool out of themselves ( in the eyes of lawyers , other judges and prosecuters if isds was n't at least contested ) just to prevent `` something to be taken away '' . 
  it seems more likely that they actually have a problem with isds instead of posturing for their clientele . 
  i do n't think that they make themselves a fool . 
  believing that every aspect of legal decisions belongs to the domestic courts is n't exactly illegitimate . 
  i simply said i am not surprised that they have this standpoint . 
  i still disagree with it and i would like to add that isds is still a very specific matter that very few people have profound knowledge on . 
  even people with legal education often do not know much about it ( not implying that the statement of the drb is based on a lack of knowledge ) . 
  i would not say it is disrespectful . 
  you have to understand that , at least speaking for my country , ww2 was much more severe . 
  it is only natural that wars that happened a long time ago are overshadowed by significant wars that have been more recent . 
   if there were many dissenting voices in the dgb i 'm sure it would have made the news , but i ca n't seem to find such a rebuttal . 
  you mean the drb , do you ? 
   seems like a very good idea to me ? 
  arbitrators can be very successful with very basic legal education . 
   so you are saying they are making a joke of themselves and their 16k members from a legal perspective to make sure their members get some of the maybe 20 positions for judges in the arbitration courts ? 
  this does n't sound very likely to me . 
  i did not say that . 
  however isds essentially has the potential to `` take something away '' from the top level judges . 
   this is a question of prioritizing corporations over people , which is why i made the example . 
  the fundamental issues of creating a parallel legal system are very similar . 
  not even close . 
   a human rights lawyer could probably find dozens of cases where foreigners were punished harsher than locals unless you can bring some evidence , this is an unfounded claim . 
   bilcon case do you mean considering the jurisdiction or the case itself ? 
   agua del turani vs bolivia  chevron vs ecuador while the issues these cases were based on surely are problematic , the tribunal decisions on these issues were not exactly unjustified based on the applicable rules . 
  i think one can make good points how isds can be problematic for poorer countries as isds claims can really intimidate these countries . 
  however , this is not the case for any of the countries involved in ceta . 
  on the other side , exactly these countries are usually the ones where isds is needed the most due to unreliable courts . 
  as proven in the chevron case . 
  thanks for the kind words !, 
   hell , i do n't think i 've even seen it here . 
  well , i have . 
  the reason why you probably did n't see it is that these comments get deleted by the mods and that there have in fact been people banned from this sub for spreading bullshit like this . 
  i also did not say that it is `` business of major concern '' - i simply used it as an example of an issue that i think does not infringe with `` politically neutral modding '' while some people might argue that it does . 
  mind to elaborate why ? 
  ww2 has changed the world significantly . 
  it has turned one of the most warmongering countries in europe ( germany ) into a fundamentally different country . 
  it has caused the creation of a common europe ( no matter if federalized or not ) . 
  it is ( at least in part ) responsible for the end of colonializm . 
  it has cemented a new world order ( separated between east and west ) for over four decades . 
   it really changed the world like nothing else did . 
  apart from ww2 . 
  it just is completely overshadowed by ww2 . 
  and rightfully so , in my opinion . 
  despite being a horrible war , ww1 does not even come close to the atrocities and severity of ww2 . 
  the fact that this union represents 16.000 people does not mean that these 16.000 people necessarily share this opinion . 
  there was n't some kind of member polling on the issue . 
  secondly , it is worth mentioning that the drb is opposed to the use of arbitration even on a national level , as an alternative to the use of the public courts . 
  unless the arbitration is done by people that fulfill the requirements for becoming a judge . 
  they very much are a union - keen on protecting the standing and influence of its members - the same could be said about their stance on isds . 
   where is the parallel justice system which protects me against unlawful behavior by the canadian police and legal system while i 'm on holiday there ? 
  you do realize that this is a fundamentally different issue ? 
   if you tell me that i do n't need it , because canada is a working democracy , i tell you to fuck right off with the isds bullshit .
