  there are a few other things , but they are relatively minor . 
  in general , i really like this article though . 
  habermas is not the only person that believes in this principle . 
  a lot of highly educated people picked it up and agreed with it . 
  and i think there are good points to be made why they are correct in doing so . 
  nationalism comes im multiple shapes . 
  patriotism is one kind which is not innately bad . 
  chauvinism however is also a kind of nationalism . 
  and since there is a common separation between `` patriotism '' and `` nationalism '' where the latter essentially means chauvinism , i stand by my point . 
  it very much is possible that `` constitutional patriotism '' is a very elitist thing . 
  with that said , it is hard for me to judge objectively because of my educational background ( law ) . 
  to me , the concept of it makes quite a lot of sense and i truly believe in it , but i do not claim exclusivity of that attempt for describing our post-war identity . 
  i think it is a combination of all the things mentioned , however certainly not `` pride of nationality '' . 
  of course , an uneducated worker will have a hard time following some kind of vague `` constitutional patriotism '' and thus this principle arguably does not apply to everybody . 
  it is much easier to take pride in the economic signs of our country , be it our currency or be it an industrial symbol like mercedes . 
  a bit of both , i guess . 
  [ i really liked this article by the spectator ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2015/10/angela-merkel-will-survive-but-will-the-soul-of-post-war-germany/ ) even though i do not fully agree on everything they wrote . 
  we have to put things into historical perspective . 
  germany as a country always had a desire for a leading institution that ` does the right thing ' . 
  after we lost ww1 , we no longer had a * kaiser * . 
  to fulfill this desire , the president of the weimar republic was elected by public vote and enjoyed a lot of power . 
  after ww2 , we turned this office into a symbolic one which barely holds any power . 
  yet we had the constitutional court . 
  an institution that was not elected yet enjoyed very high legitimacy in our country ( and does to this day ) . 
  the constituional court was also the only larger element in our country that was free of any nazi past . 
  contrary to the other courts in the country , it was a new creation and its judges were lawyers and lawmakers who had been prosecuted under the nazi regime or even fled the country ( this was entirely different in the other courts , people who had worked as judges under the nazi regime could continue to work as judges as long as they had no major affiliations ) . 
  the institution quickly rose into very high approval amongst the population and until this day it is the most popular institution of our state . 
  in 2009 , 76 % of germans had `` high or very high trust '' in the constitutional court , where the government only had 45 % . 
  and with that comes pride in that institution . 
  unlike some other constitutional courts , the german cc never ` took sides ' , especially not with the government . 
  there have been many politicians who tried to challenge karsruhe 's power - they failed miserably . 
  it is often claimed that it is the most powerful court this world knows . 
  let 's take it this way : the border guard * is * allowed to shoot at any person ( including children or the mentally ill ) if they would be allowed to shoot them in a regular domestic scenario . 
  if a child with a firearm threatened to shoot someone - of course it is okay to shoot them . 
  there however is a problem when it comes to this case : the person who talked about shooting people was beatrix von storch . 
  this woman has studied law and she explicitly quoted the uzwg to make her point about the legality of shooting people at the border , including children . 
  this is legally inaccurate . 
  she also excluded the limitations on shooting people in general ( also written down in that very law ) and came to a very ... narrow legal viewpoint that effectively comes to a distorted result . 
  the difference is : the requirements for shooting at people at the border are a bit lower than the requirements for shooting people in general . 
  oh , there is quite a lot wrong with nationalism . 
  centuries of war caused by it for example . 
  the progressive countries have found their peace with it - so it depends on the country whether it ` is up for debate ' . 
  from a progressive standpoint , it certainly is n't . 
  the problem is that the people who demand `` more patriotism '' usually border into nationalism . 
  yes . 
  we just very recently had a case where a thirteen year old kid was killed by another kid of the same age . 
  there will be no punishment . 
  ( this boy was put into a psychiatric clinic however ), 
  / u/vhite that 's not the point of concern here however . 
  it is actually written law - \u00a7 12 nr . 
  translates to : the use of firearms against people who appear to be children is prohibited . 
  [ here is a good writeup on the legal situation ] ( http://blogs.deutschlandfunk.de/berlinbruessel/2016/01/30/schusswaffengebrauch-an-der-grenze/ ) , unfortunately in german . 
   or their constitution are you sure about that part ? 
  not proud of nationality - yes . 
  but constitutional patriotism was the thing that essentially replaced ` normal ' patriotism in this country in the first decades after the war . 
   all of the shows mentioned by you are always against afd . 
  so what . 
  before the afd , they made fun of the fdp for half a decade and the cdu/csu also always got some shit . 
  they make fun of the spd for royally fucking up and of the greens for being out of touch with reality . 
  come on . 
  if someone says and does ridiculous stuff ( and the afd does a lot of these things ) , he or she deserves being made fun of . 
   you 're not getting that germany should n't be doing what everyone else is doing . 
  you are adressing a poing i never made . 
  i guess we are n't getting anywhere here . 
  just answer me one question : the wage growth is driven by the negotiations between workers and industry - both the industry and workers are consent with the current growth rates . 
  how are you suggesting to increase that ? 
  the govt . 
  wo n't be interfering here and telling the people to demand ( or pay ) more wo n't really get you anywhere . 
  let me start with stating that belgium is nowhere near a `` failed state '' . 
  are n't the nukes itself guarded by us military ? 
  at least that 's how it is with the nukes stored in germany . 
  yes , it is worrisome that you can run around in a military base like described , but come on - dont bring the nukes into this , they were never endangered . 
  and if they were endangered , you should blame your own forces guarding them and not the belgians . 
  and last but not least , is n't this extremely hypocritical given that the us itself has major problems with its nukes aswell ? 
  ranging from nukes accidentally being carried by a plane and then being left on the tarmac for 36 hours , icbm launch centers being badly secured and outdated ( some of them still use floppy disks . 
  and not only floppy disks , the [ old floppy disks ] ( https://defensesystems.com/~/media/gig/defense%20systems/web/2014/marapril/floppydisk.png ) ) and their personnel partly being completely incapable of actually carrying out their assigned tasks ? 
   any increase that 's below 2 % + whatever percentage you 'd need to make up for all the years wage growth was below 2 % constitutes wage moderation . 
  eta : and that 's assuming 0 productivity gains . 
  given that , from 2007 , the wages in most other countries have been decreasing , i would call it fair even if below 2 % real gain . 
   are you kidding ? 
  look at chinese economic policy , and that 's just one example . 
  china seeks to reduce its surplus in export . 
  their growth is decreasing . 
  yet this does not mean that the actual value of goods will go down . 
  it means that we will have lower prospects for growth in these countries . 
   that 's the point , they wo n't keep buying your stuff . 
  the biggest danger is companies like tesla surpassing us on technology and customer favour . 
  the competition is more significant than the economic policies . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  i do not think that the euro is perfect in its current state . 
  in fact , it needs quite a lot of fixing . 
  and i would argue that the german and french stance on the issue is relatively close ( at least compared to other countries ) . 
  germany would most likely be consent with inner-eu fiscal transfers , a measure that can be taken to reduce the negative impacts and the flaws of the euro . 
  however , we , along with your president , want this to be object to some kind of oversight . 
  and i would argue that this is only fair - if we already give large amounts of money to other countries , we can expect some oversight to prevent that it is spent on presents for the electorate , lost in nepotism or corruption or simply misused . 
  considering the countries you mentioned : i somewhat agree with portugal and greece , spain can be dragged up by the rest of their country , northern italy can drag up southern italy . 
  it is unpleasant , but germany has been doing this for twenty-six years now . 
  it * is * possible for the stronger part to bring prosperity to the poorer part . 
  at least to a certain extend . 
  and considering greece : i hate to bring that up , but greece still has room to fix their stuff .
