  that does not mean that we have to appreciate it either however . 
  contrary to pretty much all other countries , we are pushing for a european solution instead of a national one . 
  as such , it would require consent of every state . 
  we ca n't force anybody to do anything , but we will certainly exercise pressure . 
  well , give me specific examples . 
  germany has for decades punched under its weight in the eu and we did not exactly ask to be put into the position we are now in . 
  since 26 years , we have been the biggest contributor for the eu . 
  and what speaks against doing the same in turkey ? 
  it is cheaper and ensures that we will only have to take care of genuine refugees . 
  greece is still better than turkey , you are inside the eu . 
  and without a deal with turkey , we will never get the chance to send people back to turkey . 
  which is something that would be greatly benefitial for us . 
   and btw , not bending over for germany is not acting irrationally . 
  so offering `` solutions '' that fuck over greece is `` rational '' ? 
   charter planes , trains and boats . 
  what 's so impossible . 
  there 's a direct route on the danube route . 
  as i elaborated elsewhere , it is not solely germanys responsibility to help greece . 
   what if we sponge the greek debt  instead of france and germany turning a profit over it ? 
  we are not really making profit from it . 
  the interest rates are better than anything greece could ever hope for on the open market . 
  significantly better . 
   germany has never put european interests over national interests , and has rarely put national interests over domestic corporate interests . 
  if you seriously believe that , you should probably look beyond the last few problematic incidents . 
  and even when it comes to the greek debt crisis - a majority of germans would have refused to grant greece any further money , which would essentially force them out of the euro and into an even bigger crisis . 
   and has rarely put national interests over domestic corporate interests . 
  and you know that because you ... are more german than me or what ? 
   but would n't it be wiser for angela to shut up until there is proof the deal is working ? 
  around here the perception is that germany is schooling us publicly while secretly being very happy . 
  it 's problematic . 
  germany is , as we all know , a major player in this crisis and at least the biggest player in the eu . 
  it would be incredibly difficult for merkel not to give her opinion . 
  she is bombarded with questions every time she appears in the public and after being very vocal in the recent time , she ca n't suddenly stop commenting on it . 
  it would be a sign of weakness . 
  in the same turn , she also ca n't sugarcoat her disapproval . 
  she is still pushing for the deal with turkey , if she signalled that she was consent with border closure as a ` solution ' , she would not only betray her own ideals ( and act counter to everything she said in the last year ) but also reduce the willingness of other states to work on this deal . 
   30k on their own will - all hoping to go to germany . 
  can we agree they are not at the border because that 's the only place safe from persecution ? 
   not certainly germany , but at least central/northern europe . 
  despite the countries having closed their borders , there still are a lot of people who want to get to scandinavia . 
  but yes , these people are there at their own will . 
  does not change the fact that it is a drama however . 
  greece is not and will not able to prevent this . 
  the people have this desire , obviously it does not matter to them whether the border is closed or not . 
  you could transfer them back to athens or wherever , people would make the journey again . 
  and in the end , the motivation or reasoning does not even matter . 
  what matters is that these numbers are too high for greece . 
   do you have a source of refugees in camps ? 
  ( not total number ) - because i remember something ~ 250k . 
  i now that , by the beginning of 2014 , turkey was hosting 210,000 people in 22 camps . 
  they since then built additional camps . 
  but no matter if you are directly providing for them , two million people inside your country are two million people . 
  and the eu funds are meant to adress this as well - the money would directly go into housing and similar things for refugees and not into the government budget . 
  which seems fair and realistic to me . 
  turkey has proven that they can build excellent camps at a moderate cost . 
   i agree - but there are a hell of ifs and buts , starting with our own report which doubts turkey stopping the stream even if they 'd want to . 
  we will have to try it though . 
  a chance for failure , even if it is a significant one , is no reason not to attempt this . 
  the issue is too important . 
  it ca n't be a eu wide solution if member states are left out . 
  namely greece . 
   turkey is n't capable of securing their border anymore than greece is , at least not in the short term not completely . 
  the main issue so war was that , even if the greek border guard caught someone , they had no other chance but letting this person into their country as they can not legally force boats back to turkey . 
   certainly no political will to create them . 
  given the right offers , political will can be created . 
  they do not need to care about it , they just need to do it . 
   and why would european countries agree to that when they can lower the numbers reaching them by simply closing their borders to irregular migrants and be sure of the outcome . 
  because they care about greece . 
   which most of them have a much better capacity to do than turkey in the first place . 
  not really . 
  this might be true for countries with small borders like denmark or sweden . 
  but certainly not for countries with longer borders . 
   why pay billions to turkey for something they can do themselves ? 
  because it is cheapter than having these people in europe . 
  even in greece . 
  well , it 's not entirely unprecedented in germany . 
  in the last wave of aylum requirests , during the balkan wars in the 90s , the republicans rose to the levels where the afd is now , after the crisis had ended , they pretty much disappeared . 
   it is outrageous what damage this deluded woman merkel has done to her own country and europe as a whole the afd would likely fuck over europe even harder as they are fully willing to put national interests in front of european ones . 
   without any sort of democratic mandate she was reelected two times . 
  i would call this a solid democratic mandate . 
   kick her out now . 
  this election is n't suitable to kick out merkel, 
  this is a a bit polemic . 
  a great deal for turkey does not directly mean that the part for us is incredibly bad . 
  the deal is not yet finished and it could certainly be possible to ensure that turkey is actively trying to protect the border . 
  even if they are turning a blind eye on one refugee or another , them acting would ensure that the numbers get lower . 
  we have no reason to believe that the numbers would stay the same . 
   i would argue that keeping them open will certainly fuck the entire europe , germany more than the countries on the route . 
  not if the deal with turkey is working . 
  how many people are stuck at the greek border ? 
  calculated per capita , this would be 240k for germany . 
  its insane . 
   keeping them close will help everyone except greece . 
  i am aware of this . 
  it also wo n't help turkey . 
  no matter what you think of their government , they are housing large amounts of refugees that dwarf europes numbers without major financial assistance . 
  still , i think fucking over greece can not ever be a viable solution if you keep the european values in mind . 
   yes , i agree - a deal with turkey is preferable but not at any cost . 
  i do n't think that the deal is that bad actually . 
  especially the monetary part is neglectable , it would cost us a lot more if these people actually arrived here .
