  speeding up the processing of asylum requests modelled after the dutch example . 
  incorporation of a right and the the duty of integration into our constitution [ the `` grundgesetz '' ] . 
  reformation of the official policies on family , education , pension and taxes . 
  especially the creation of a sustaining family policy needs to be given priority in order to halt or maybe even reverse the demographic change . 
  the peoples wish of children must not be oppressed by economic fear . 
  introduction of federal-level plebiscites modelled after the example of switzerland in order to create a second foundation for the democracy next to the system of political parties . 
  consequent application of the law without taking ones political , ethnic , cultural or religious background into regard . 
  increase the spending on the police and stop job cuts of police jobs . 
  immediately bring back the realations towards the russian federation to a normal level and stop any warmongering . 
  strive towards a european union [ note : they are explicitly not using the term of the `` european union '' , so they mean something else than what we have now , more of a loose connection of countries ] consisting of strong , souvereign national states with free domestic political and economic decisionmaking . 
  rejection of ttip , ceta , tisa and similar trade agreements that might undermine the self-determination of the european countries and harm the european economy . 
  oh come on . 
  this is no advertizing platform for mbts , three posts in an hour are a bit over the top . 
  bruce willis was born in germany . 
  the greek government is also the government of greece , its fine . 
  dont us citizens get to go to the eu without any visa anyways ? 
  you get visa-free access to more countries ( e.g. 
  brazil ) . 
  well , in some countries ( rich ) people already do . 
  there is not much of a difference between recieving no interest and the 0.25 % we get nowadays . 
  even though this might be true ( i dont know the numbers here ) , in the end the country that has the highest total amount of money at stake will have the strongest say and not the country that is affected the most in relation to gdp/budget/whatever . 
  that is why he is talking about put options and not about buying stocks directly . 
  you are upset because you get a few downvotes on your post in the first few minutes and already label it `` brainwashed '' ? 
  oh and by the way , adding a smiley to the title will not really help it getting upvoted . 
  contributing with weapons is something different than losing millions of people . 
  i do not see this ending well ... 
  i think you care . 
  otherwise you would not have made a post on reddit about it . 
  this is common procedure to ensure that it is not a fake marriage . 
  of course thats somewhat an invasion on privacy , but they just have no other reliable way to check on that . 
  however , it is not like they will force you to make love to your wive to ensure that you are married . 
  they will become nuclear targets as much as anything else in the nato . 
  so where is the big deal ? 
  even bavaria has 50 % more inhabitants than you . 
  it does not matter where you got married and wether the documents are valid or not . 
  fake marriages usually have `` valid '' papers aswell . 
  and no , this is not against any international treaty , even the us is requesting further information on marriages when applying for a visa of this kind . 
  plus , if you want to become a citizen of their country , it is their jurisdiction . 
  completely impossible . 
  germany is not even close to `` harmonised '' wages in both parts of germany , 25 years after the reunification . 
  and this is in a relatively homogenic zone . 
  harmonising wages would actually be the thing that takes any possibility of gaining trading benefits away from smaller countries . 
  i read these articles , however the people saying this are no judges , all that actually matters is how the judges of the ecj see this . 
  `` prominent '' yes , she was a candidate for the office of the president . 
  however , she was a throwaway candidate since she never really had a realistic chance of getting elected . 
  members of the russian duma already proposed requesting reparations from germany - 4 trillion dollars . 
  however the claim is different to the one of greece since russia ( or the soviet union ) actively took part in the 4 +2 contract . 
  thats why this was previous to the crisis . 
  i know shit hit the fan pretty much everywhere as soon as the crisis started . 
  that is why i said previous to the crisis . 
  of course the crisis has changed things a lot , the middle class suffered much more than the upper class did during the crisis . 
  however , if it was possible for spain to grow its middle class a lot before the crisis , chances are not bad that it will recover again once the crisis is over ( well , if it will ever end ... ) . 
  and yes , i know that the rise pre-2007 was also caused by the things that eventually lead to the crisis . 
  well , previously to the crisis , spain was not doing [ all that bad ] ( http://reportgraphics.euromonitor.com/reportgraphics%5carticles%5c9092926a-53f4-4de6-a0c1-c30523a689e7.gif ), 
  well , it might happen that you are unfortunate and run into a stoic elder or a retarded nationalist or something alongst those lines who think that they have to `` hate '' the greek/germans ( depending on the nationality ) because of ... reasons , they think that the behaviour of the people of the other state is an insult to his or her own beliefs/statehood . 
  i am sorry that someone showed hate towards you just for being a greek . 
  and we spend money on these scientists who conduct studies like this for months ... 
  if the tea tastes good they way you are making it , you are making tea the right way . 
  gesine schwan and ralf stegner are not `` leading social democrats '' . 
  ralf stegner , even though being the leading social democrat in one of the federal states , has a history of having a different ( more leftish ) opinion than his fellow social democrats and he is regularily critizising the work of our own government . 
  and what is the reason for this ? 
  may i ask what your background is ? 
  what interest are you pursuing by posting this here ? 
  are you affiliated by the people pursuing this submission to the council ? 
  basically everything foreigners can get from this thread is that they are not allowed to homeschool their children in germany or they might be taken away from them . 
  i am also fine with evidence from parents as long as the kids did not get taken away because the parents obviously violated german law and it is not packed with ` interesting ' allegations . 
  and i would also like to get some evidence on how the jugendamt is violating court orders . 
  the pdf is full of allegations that the instituion simply ignores court orders , however no evidence for that is presented . 
  i dont have any problem with arguing that something might need to be changed about that institution . 
  i however have a problem with they way you are presenting this issue . 
  you make it seem like germany is a place where injustice is common and that the institution will just take your kids away even though you did nothing wrong . 
  this is not the case ( of course fucked up shit can happen anywhere ) . 
  do you have any other evidence than just this video of homeschoolers and a court submission ? 
  nobody is butthurt because you are criticising the institutions of our country , it is rather because you are spreading false facts . 
  you use the example of people who refuse to send their children to school as an argument why the system is wrong . 
  this article contains so much wrong facts and is based on false assumptions . 
  in germany , there is no right to homeschool your children . 
  if you do not send your children to school , the government will see it as mistreating your children and eventually take them away from you . 
  if you want to homeschool your children , go to another country , but dont complain after your childrens got taken away . 
  homeschooling is against the law - its simple . 
   some critics of the jugendamt say the system amounts to a government-run child trafficking network in which about 80 kids per day are seized from parents and funneled to children 's homes and psychiatric care . 
  yes - of course . 
  we also sell them as slaves and make sausages from them . 
   the european parliament has received at least 120 petitions from german parents about the jugendamt . 
  this is actually not a lot and does not mean it is a bad institution per se . 
  how many petitions do you think the parliament recieves on more pressing issues ? 
   heidi also told us her college-age daughters will need to leave germany because once a family is in the jugendamt 's sights , the next generation may also have their children taken away . 
  where did they grab that bullshit ? 
  yes . 
  i think it was something like 1 billion over the last three or four years . 
  this is one reason why `` just '' increasing the defense budget wont solve some problems we have . 
  our mod is chronically ineffective in arms purchases ( pretty much like any other mod honestly ) , unless this is fixed , increasing the budget does not really make sense . 
   what a load of hogwash . 
  if the jugendamt determines there 's immediate danger to the child , they can take away the child - as a last resort . 
  usually , they have to coordinate with the family court and have to talk to the parents first to find solutions . 
  if anything , the jugendamt is under critique because its hesitating too long with taking children out of abusive families sometimes . 
  the jugendamt is there for a reason , to prevent parents from severely mistreating their children ( even though it does not work perfectly , admittedly ) . 
  claiming that they will take your children away from you because they want to without proper reason is just plain stupid . 
  oh , and nice new account for spreading mistrust on our country by the way . 
  oh and by the way - this is a submission to the court , if you already want to spread hate why dont you post a judgement where these accusations are validated ?
