  the second one is n't as this exclusively focuses on purchases between 2010 and 2014 , not on purchases of the immigrant community in recent decades . 
  for the third point it depends on whether that money was taxed in the first place . 
  i never said it is justified or anything . 
  i just said what is likely going to happen . 
   meanwhile , hypocrisy rules : europe imports over 30 million tons per year of corn and soy-based animal feeds , the vast majority of which are genetically modified , for its livestock industry . 
  imports are preferred to european crops partly because biotech traits make them cheaper . 
  this might change if the gmo opposition is successful with their push to force producers to label their products if they fed gm-crops to their animals . 
  no matter what it is based on , a lot of people here in europe are afraid of gm and will thus likely avoid those products . 
   if your citizens are suffering , then your first obligation is to them , not your creditors . 
  it is difficult to draw a line here though . 
  where do necessary and sensible cuts end and where does unwarranted suffering start ? 
  if you cut generous pensions , these people are ` suffering ' because it drastically decreases their life standard . 
  and you are ignoring one other fact : not paying back the debt can hurt you and your citizens even more as you are cutting yourself off the financial markets , forcing you to run a balanced budget immediately . 
  since most banks lack the capitalization to pay out all bank accounts , this cutoff will take the banks with it . 
  its just extremely complex . 
  the most benefitial system seems to be the one of japan ( at least in some perspectives ) where nearly all debt is held by domestic banks , institutions and people . 
  it allows you to make your decisions relatively independently ( however you have a higher responsibility and drive to honour this debt as you would ruin your own citizens otherwise , reducing your chances to get reelected to zero ) . 
  both countries have a ` friendly ' and open stance towards the world , especially when it comes to business , but they are not exercising global influence on a large scale . 
  yet they are doing pretty great . 
  [ this is what i got on it ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jls5bnx.png ) ( this was posted here on reddit a while ago ), 
  switzerland and norway might want to have a word on this ... 
   surely most are normal people it is a lot of people from all over eastern germany attending these rallies . 
  dresden is somewhat unique as it is the only city where there are major demonstrations of this kind . 
  it was tried to repeat this in various other cities in germany , but it usually ends up looking like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/2330xhs.jpg ) . 
  of course , there are also some ` normal ' people there but they certainly have pretty large numbers of rightwingers . 
  thats good because it targets the people who really are rich and not the low-income workers and pensioners who have suffered severely during this crisis . 
   though i think in a world where a federalized europe is plausible , including russia could be a possibility slow there . 
  i 'd say currently a federalized europe is very far away , but russia tops that distance ten times . 
  neither the europeans want russia currently and even more important , russia including its citizens doesn want it either . 
  due to its unique status , russia can punch heavily over its real weight , this would severely limited in a united eu . 
  as i said , there are other methods of dealing with it . 
  you would do better spending that money on education in some countries . 
  nobody wants to repeat this lie on purpose . 
  if someone uses an incorrect or vague term , hit him up and he wont do the mistake again . 
  no reason to make a full-scaled campaign in my opinion . 
   we are told we have no influence because we do n't agree with the rest of the eu , but that 's not really a solveable problem no , you are told you have no influence because you mainly focus on yourself and act like you dont even care anymore . 
   they wo n't deliver on what the uk wants . 
  they will surely deliver some things that the uk wants . 
  i dont think your leadership will be this dissatisfied with the results for ttip for example . 
  a trade deal that fulfills some of your demands is still better than no trade deal . 
   it 's completely not fair to blame victim for crime its just that nobody is doing that . 
  using words that could be misinterpreted because of laziness , unawareness , whatever does not mean that anybody is trying to shift the blame . 
  not really . 
  it is a declared goal of your politicians - you just have to look at the debates . 
  these two are not contradictory . 
  thatchers reforms having a greater impact does not speak against eu membership . 
  you have to look at what the eu membership alone did , whether the impact was positive or negative and if that was worth the tradeoffs ( its hard to measure though ) . 
  thank you . 
  however you still need a person with ( polish ) legal education to interpret this . 
  the question is on whether ` just ' discussing the topic without trying to impose your view on others qualifies as ` agitation ' . 
  one year ago , mrs. malmstr\u00f6m said that , in her opinion , it is very likely that ceta ( and thus likely ttip ) is a mixed agreement and thus requires the national parliaments to vote on it . 
  i wonder if there is any certainty on this by now . 
  it depends on how much it harms the recipient . 
  punishment is usually not suited to fix things that happened in the past , but to prevent similar things happening in the future . 
  it surely is not the best way to act , but tell me something that we should have done instead when russia annexed parts of ukraine . 
  we cant possibly leave it without response . 
   i want to agree but then again , have sanctions and embargos ever worked ? 
  you can also just sanction for the sake of punishment which is somewhat legitimate . 
  is there seriously a legal ban on this ? 
  are you sure that it is n't just directed at the press ? 
  partly . 
  you still hold power over a lot of areas where you can exercise influence but choose not to . 
  well , it is for the us . 
  plus this influence can , under optimal circumstances , directly result in economic and social benefits for your own citizens . 
  if you are not some throwaway or second account : welcome to reddit . 
  or you could use your political influence to accomplish a trade agreement of this kind through the eu ? 
  pretty much everyone in europe is in favor of free trade . 
  france and some others are a bit sceptical , but it is possible to convince them if they see the benefits of such a deal . 
  summoning / u/savannajeff and linking to his ( unanswered ) [ question in the recent ama with mr. corbett ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pm5bg/mep_richard_corbett_mep/cw7vfag ) that might give some nice points for questions . 
  you are drawing the wrong conclusions from the analogy . 
  there are nice things and there are bad things in every society , however the appearance differs . 
  nothing that would qualify as ` global ' leadership though . 
  on a global stage , it does not really matter what you do with your internal affairs . 
  evil capitalist cultural influence . ^ / s, 
  `` removing '' influence without cutting ties is not possible . 
  this is not the issue here ? 
  your post indicates that you have not even read what the changes are about , you simply want to hate on germany . 
  you originally had two points ( paraphrased ) :  the german train networks are inferior to the ones of ny and chicago . 
  i agreed with that in regard to some of our cities while objecting that we have examples where it is better ( in my opinion )  i am ignoring that germany faces severe challenges in maintaining its infrastructure and that i am viewing germany with rose-colored glasses . 
  i responded that i am aware of these challenges , but they are not something that actually affects the current day comparison . 
  we are not talking about future prospects here . 
  so why are we still discussing ? 
  i dont know . 
  fact is that i am a 100 % certain that i replied to your post and that this post ( in the link ) is now gone . 
  i do not say that you did this , it might be some kind of technical bug , but i responded to a post by you that is now deleted . 
   why would i ? 
  i stand by what i say , i do n't need to delete my comments . 
  seriously , why would i delete my comments when i 've been saying the same exact thing ? 
  never claimed that . 
  the other comment has both times been of the exact same content . 
  yet for some reason it ` disappeared ' and reappeared immediately , but my response was still adressed to the first one . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pwx0c/eurostar_advertising_on_chicago_public_transit/cwaokr0 well , you did . 
  and this is the second time this happened during this convo . 
  the first time , i realized and replied to your second post . 
   people people = / u/sneakysnakex ? 
   you 're talking shit well , tell me where i am mistaken . 
  it is my good right to make the claim that i think there are european transportation systems that are superior . 
   based on your exclusive experience to trains in chicago , one city of hundreds . 
  your experience with germany seems to be based on berlin , one city of hundreds . 
  it goes both ways .
