  not to legislation . 
  our laws are non-discriminatory . 
  i think the point you are making here is stupid . 
   i do n't see this as `` eye for an eye '' sort of thing . 
  we really do not do that anymore . 
  what i said is just common sense ( to me ) . 
  eye for an eye stuff would be bombing their countries when they commit terrorism or declaring wars , sort of like america did after 9/11 . 
  this example might be really bad but you get the idea . 
  it is the same logic , just applied to the legal system . 
  -- -- -- essentially , you just defended the point that you made previously . 
  which i still think is ridiculous . 
   islamic countries do not pander to christians or atheists . 
  this in itself is a ridiculously stupid argument . 
  whatever you think about a burqa ban , no matter if you are in favor of banning it or not - arguing with actions of other countries in this style is just ridiculous . 
  we ( the western countries ) pride ourselves in having actual religious freedom and no state religion ( well , most of us ) , what is the point in judging our actions based on their countries ? 
  we rightfully do not apply the `` eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth '' logic anymore . 
  there are good arguments for banning the burqa ( there are also good arguments against it ) , if your argument is limited to `` other countries are not fair to christians or atheists '' , you have a very weak standpoint . 
  actually , you are making a case for the opposite site as you essentially advocate for doing the exact same thing you just complained about being unworthy . 
  again : this has nothing to do with the fact that sealing off greece wo n't work . 
  you keep dodging . 
  you are completely ignoring what i just said . 
  random inspirational quotes do n't get us anywhere here . 
  it also took 30 years to get to their current status . 
  well , you ca n't please everyone , can you ? 
  it was still : no agreement < efta < eu at that time . 
  if the eu is n't an option anymore , it still is efta  no agreement . 
   you left the efta for a reason back in the 70ties . 
  the reason was joining the eu . 
  does n't really speak against rejoining . 
  do n't forget that efta was essentially britains baby . 
   the problem is when i see people taking advantage of those human rights maliciouls time and time again , i feel like they need to be rewritten . 
  i whole-heartedly disagree since you can not really rewrite them without taking protection away from people who really deserve to be protected . 
  australia never even remotely recieved similar numbers and their soil is n't as close to the territory of other states . 
  actually it is since eu law * is * involved here . 
  check [ this judgement ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=174657&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=603320 ) for example . 
   if the eu ever opens borders with turkey i 'm moving to norway , switzerland so , you are moving to countries that have open borders with the eu as well ? 
   the ecj only has jurisdiction if it is the eu acting or the states acting on behalf of the eu , so if the states act ( formally ) independently of the eu nonsense . 
  well , give a source . 
  we are not really looking for a prison though . 
  plus it is likely too small for the amount of people coming . 
  it is not the council that would make trouble here , it is the ecj and the ecthr . 
  last but not least , boats have a special legal status , it would be complicated in the suggested example . 
  thanks !, 
   so adequate response is not to ban cars but take preventive actions and punish perpetrators . 
  society restricts freedom of people to take preventive measures ; almost all speed limits are such measures for example . 
  yes , but in limits . 
  we do not restrict every street to the speed of 50 km/h . 
  ( in fact , speed restriction references are a bit off since you are talking to a german  ) . 
  i do not believe that freedom beats every bit of security . 
  but we have to stay reasonable . 
  for example cctv cameras - is solving a few more robberies worth infringing with the freedom of millions of people ? 
  i would say it depends - cameras in banks , near atms , in supermarkets , on train stations - fine . 
  but at every corner ( like in london ) ? 
  hell no !, 
  our ministers of internal affairs recently suggested a catalog of measures after the suicide attack in germany - pretty much all of them take away freedoms yet provide very little ( or no ) added security . 
  i simply think that actions like this are not worth it . 
   to go without border controls from prague to rome is pleasant , but border controls would not be restriction of freedom , only source of delay . 
  complication of cargo transport would harm international trade but would help local producers . 
  this is somewhat inaccurate for the czech republic . 
  people talk about germany being reliant on exports - germany is nothing compared to the czech republic in this regard . 
  your exports are equal to 85 % of your gdp . 
  your economy is extremely dependent on exports ( especially to germany ) . 
  benefits from producing other goods locally probably wo n't be able to cover the negative consequences of an export cooldown as your exports ( mainly cars and machinery ) have a lot of added value . 
   the threat of terrorism is not only a direct threat to human lives . 
  it is incomparable with traffic accidents . 
  traffic accidents do n't undermine stability of the society and are not part of intentional campaign of terrorization . 
  no traffic accident can cause more then 10 month of the emergency state in france . 
  well , you could also ask how reasonable it is to impose emergency state . 
  political leaders tend to make stupid decisions following drastic events ( like terrorism ) because the electorate demands that they `` do something '' . 
  in september 2001 , more people in the us died due to car accidents than by terrorism . 
  yet the car regulations stayed pretty much the same while bush started his `` war on terror '' , essentially creating the circumstances that lead to the creation of isis , costing the us trillions of dollars and quite a lot of lifes of american soldiers . 
   an example of this is the life time sentence recently being ruled ` inhumane ' which is certainly not what our political leaders intended to sign back in 1949 . 
  source ? 
   everyone politically persecuted has the right to find refuge in germany . 
  inaccurate . 
   if theoretically speaking china collapses , you 're obliged to provide shelter to 1 billion chinese folk ( if they 'd apply for asylum ) , and there 's no way of changing that , hurray !, 
  it 's not 21st century proof , mobility has improved dramatically since back then . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  honestly dude , you just showcased that you understand pretty much * nothing * about how our constitution works . 
   ** you know , the one where greece is supposed to give you 3.5 % of its annual gdp instead of using it to generate growth or , in this case , to feed its people the 3.5 % are a primary surplus target . 
  not money we will actually recieve . 
  honestly , i do not believe that we will ever see any money back and i am fully in favor of doing stuff like extending the grace periods on your debt ( into eternity , if it has to be ) . 
  running a surplus of 3.5 % is pretty much suicidal for a country in your condition . 
   ( and do n't have any illusions , there is no way you can imprison hundreds of thousands of refugees in greece without a humanitarian catastrophe at this point in time - and i say imprison , because otherwise they would simply migrate north as they originally wanted . ), 
  do you think i would want that ? 
  i think nobody would want that . 
  but where 's the solution ? 
  i ca n't see any . 
   anti-eu parties are on the rise everywhere . 
  actually , brexit has strengthened support for the eu in all countries that are somewhat eurosceptic . 
   it 's ridiculous that the constitution prevents the nation from enforcing its laws . 
  not really . 
  our constitution has worked rather well for us . 
  our fundamental rights are the consequences of the lessons nazi germany has taught us . 
   people that need to leave should be made to do so . 
  as i said , we need to help greece and we can do that . 
   or germany needs to get tough with countries that refuse their nationals . 
  we are actually making okayish progress with that . 
  it would n't solve the refugee numbers however as over 50 % come from actual war-thorn countries . 
   if they ca n't be deported for other reasons they should remain in custody .
