  even if it 's just for the voters . 
  the u.k. has significantly increased their gas purchases from russia since the crisis . 
  of course nobody is . 
  but gop candidates continuously make statements that aim in this direction . 
  as i outlined elsewhere , i do n't have a problem with the us showing presence in the pacific region . 
  what i disagree with is declaring trade war on china based on targets that are impossible to accomplish . 
  trump insists that his proposal needs no further borrowing . 
  greece is going to the biggest spending cuts seen in recent decades and it really is n't pretty . 
  what trump suggests for the us is much more severe . 
  the difference is that lots of government employees would become unemployed while there would n't be sufficient funds for the operation of many institutions anymore . 
  cutting spending is not the problem , the amount and the way trump wants to do it is . 
  cutting your budget by 25 % while increasing military spending is pretty much insanity . 
  trumps plan is to cut taxes by over a trillion dollars per year . 
  which simply is not feasible without a total collapse of the system . 
  trump is anything , but not a ` moderate ' . 
  as i said , i have no doubts that there will be a deal in case of a brexit . 
  no matter germany 's exposure . 
  as you can see in the second list , none is being operated currently . 
  the only case where we will have one in the forseeable future is onkalo , which will not go active until 2020 . 
  the problem is that we do not have a single storage place for highly radioactive waste in the world yet . 
   does n't actually take up much space well , within 10 years germanys nuclear reactors left behind 126.000 [ barrels ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/images/diskussion-ueber-bergung-der-asse-abfaelle-gewinnt-an-fahrt/7958090/2-format2010.jpg ) of slightly and moderately radioactive waste . 
  i disagree with that . 
  most of his policies are batshit crazy . 
  starting with his tax reform . 
  its about the public picture . 
  it doesnt matter if it directly translates to monetary loss . 
  depending on the legal system , you usually ca n't . 
   you look up the boston consulting group 's manufacturing cost competitiveness index you can see how much china 's cost advantage has diminished between 2004 and 2014 . 
  keep in mind , as they grow and wages increase , their advantage does as well ( especially due to wage stagnation in the west on account of the recession ) . 
  if they continue open their currency to market forces , during times of growth this advantage will see further pressure . 
  you know as well as me that their position will simply be overtaken by another country . 
   you claimed the eu is not involved with china due to proximity and claimed the us stance was confrontational . 
  i did not claim the stance was confrontational . 
  i said that , in my opinion , it is stupid to wager ` trade war ' against china under wrong reasoning . 
   i would disagree as to the eus involvement . 
  it is china 's largest trading partner . 
  we are trading with pretty much everyone in the world . 
  unlike you , our relations with these countries barely extend these trade relations . 
  you know how effective it is to call for ` human rights ' already . 
  if we are realistic , we are too selfish to put sanctions on china . 
  and so are you . 
   as i said before , it is easy to write off us military presence in asia when nobody expects anything from ones country , or write it off as confrontational versus cooperative ( as you pointed out with your analogy ) , or sometimes as a provocation against china . 
  i am in no way opposed to actions like sending your destroyer into the disputed area . 
  this is provocation from china , not from the us . 
   but i would argue the eu is very much a beneficiary of the us ' ` confthat , ational ' stance on china . 
  being china 's largest trading partner , and an especially important export market , it is very much in the eu 's interest for conflict with china and its neighbors to be at a minimum . 
  true . 
  the same is true for china , they generally prefer to be left alone . 
  instability is detrimental if you just want to sit back and trade . 
  the problems are however very abstract for us . 
  people barely take notice from it and there is not a lot to gain for the eu governments . 
  sure , they should maybe do more , but i dont really think its realistic . 
   sorry for the long post no problem , this topic is too complex to be reduced to two sentences . 
  nobody expects him to do so . 
  but it is clear that the sponsorship cant continue in this case . 
  i do not really share your optimism unfortunately . 
  yes , apple and other companies are moving the extreme hightech back to the west ( e.g. 
  sennheiser did so in germany ) . 
  yet i do not trust these companies to be honest with this . 
  apples ` production ' in the us is limited to the production of artificial sapphire glass and the assembly ( !, 
  the parts still come from asia ) of imacs as far as i remember . 
  but this is only a tiny fraction of the businesses of these companies , the products for the broad population will continue to be manufactured overseas . 
  apple * could * move all their manufacturing to the us while remaining profitable and competitive ( due to their currently very high margins ) , however they are not doing so . 
  apple has generally shown little interest in its home country . 
  they moved all manufacturing abroad by 2004 and they try to evade tax whereever possible . 
  and then , not every company is apple . 
  most tech companies can not rely on margins of this kind , they will simply lose their competitive edge if they moved back to the west . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would love to see this manufacturing moving back . 
  apple is responsible for about 40 % of foxconns work and they have 1.2 million employees . 
  imagine 480.000 jobs being moved back to the us . 
  this would be extremely huge and benefitial for the economy . 
  but i simply do not see it happening . 
  our health standards are ten times higher , as is our pay . 
   china should not be able to get away with things other wto members can not . 
  fair point . 
   the eur/usd pair took a hit this week uhm . 
  not really ? 
  the exchange rate fluctuation was not much different from any other given week . 
  the expected rate hike was incooperated in the exchange rate for months now . 
  draghi 's announcement not to enhance the volume of the qe programme had a much more severe impact on the exchange rate . 
   then a few days ago , data emerged showing a two-percent inflation rate for the 12 months preceding november . 
  where ? 
  2 % is only reached for [ core prices , not for overall price increases ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/us-consumer-prices-flat-in-november-1450186401 ) since the article is wsj , here 's the transcript :  washington -- u.s. 
  consumer prices were flat in november , although the broader trend of underlying inflation showed signs of firming , brightening the outlook for federal reserve officials as they meet to debate raising short-term interest rates . 
   the consumer-price index , which measures what americans pay for everything from breakfast cereal to college tuition , was unchanged in november after rising a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in october , the labor department said tuesday . 
  excluding the volatile food and energy categories , so-called core prices rose 0.2 % , the same pace of growth as in october and september . 
  the reading was in line with economists ' expectations . 
   over the year , overall prices rose 0.5 % , the largest 12-month increase since december 2014 . 
  core prices were up 2 % on the year , the largest 12-month increase since may 2014 , driven by rising housing costs . 
   the data come at the start of a two-day meeting of the interest rate-setting federal open market committee , and federal reserve officials have said they are looking for inflation to pick up as a sign that the economy is finally strong enough to absorb higher short-term interest rates , which have been at near zero since 2008 . 
   while the reading shows inflation remains historically weak , held down largely by low gas prices , economists welcomed the signs of an acceleration in core prices , saying it could support the view of many fed officials that inflation will gradually move toward the central bank 's target . 
   `` core inflation reached the symbolic 2 % mark indicating robust domestic activity despite global disinflationary winds , '' oxford economics said in a note to clients . 
  paul ashworth of capital economics said core inflation `` is almost back to target at a time when the dollar 's surge and the indirect impact of lower commodity prices are probably subtracting 0.5 % from the rate . ''  the fed 's preferred inflation gauge , the index of personal consumption expenditures , has n't hit the central bank 's 2 % target in 3 1/2 years . 
  core inflation as measured by that gauge rose 1.3 % in october from a year earlier , unchanged for 10 months . 
  pce inflation tends to run about 0.5 percentage point lower a year than the cpi . 
   as in previous months , lower oil prices weighed down inflation in november , according to tuesday 's report . 
  energy prices fell 1.3 % in november , led by a seasonally-adjusted 2.4 % fall in gasoline costs . 
  over the past year gasoline prices have fallen 24.1 % . 
   prices of food also weakened 0.1 % on the month , amid weakness in agricultural prices this year . 
  apparel costs dropped 0.3 % , although the cost of housing and medical care increased on the month .
