  it is also not fully out of proportions . 
  the us has always ( apart from 2014 ) invested significantly more in canada than canada did in the us . 
  same for mexico - us . 
   perhaps due to its size the eu can negotiate from a position of strength but given how aggressive american companies are in using the isds mechanism under nafta , i think there 's cause for concern . 
  the eu countries use isds much more frequently than the us does . 
  for a quick overview , you could take a look at [ the wikipedia article on isds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement ) . 
  i really like the [ paper of the federation of german industries ] ( http://english.bdi.eu/media/topics/global_issues/publications/201509_isds-fears-facts-faultlines.pdf ) on it . 
  mind you : it is written by an organization that is pro-isds and pro-ttip . 
  their claims are sourced however . 
  i will also link you to [ this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3aokfu/fracking_poses_significant_risk_to_humans_and/cseoj4j ) post by savannajeff , probably the most knowledgeable person on the issue frequenting these subreddits . 
  there unfortunately are n't that many good sources on the issue in general because it is a very specific field that only a small minority of lawyers has any extended knowledge on . 
  initiatives like [ stop-ttip ] ( https://stop-ttip.org/ ) see isds as hugely problematic , their arguments are half-truths at best though . 
  i know why . 
  yet they agreed to the deal despite this issue not being resolved . 
  joke 's on you . 
  this is already possible and the mechanisms have been in place for almost 60 years now . 
  we are still alive and well . 
  i guess we were talking about the two different groups of people then . 
  oops . 
   yeah english is n't my first language . 
  not mine either . 
  i think you got your points across very well though . 
   who is we in that point ? 
  and are those cases public ? 
  i 'd like to investigate and see about that no harm . 
  we = the highly developed european nations . 
  some eastern european nations faced a lot of cases , but this was mainly caused by systematic problems because of their past . 
   that 's true . 
  afaik isds issues according to ceta are under an international court . 
  also having court cases public helps ensuring neutrality through revision . 
  this is not yet clear in regard to ceta . 
   law is as mentioned before not my field of great expertise . 
  it is mine however . 
   discriminated means that a court judged against them the way you use it , does n't it . 
  the court , which was a jury , judged against them based on the fact that they were a foreign company . 
  they were directly discriminated against because of their nationality despite this being prohibited under nafta . 
  the higher courts declined to enable them to take this to a higher court - effectively denying them the chance of a fair process . 
   okay if isds is actually cheaper and poses no harm for government to pay huge sums just because some company invested something , sign me up . 
  you can not completely rule out that a company will face a huge fine . 
  but it generally does not occur . 
  the average compensation per case is around usd 16 million iirc . 
  russia was fined 50 billion dollars for the full expropriation of yukos ( it refuses to pay though ) . 
   this is news that has n't reached me yet . 
  you got a source for that ? 
  transperancy is really important to me in those cases . 
  check the [ consolidated text of ceta ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/september/tradoc_152806.pdf ) and search for `` uncitral '' . 
  [ here are these rules ] ( https://www.uncitral.org/pdf/english/texts/arbitration/transparency-convention/transparency-convention-e.pdf ) . 
   i have no idea what you mean with bit . 
  but the unconstitutional part is to hold companies to different standards then the citizens like that . 
  bit = bilateral investment treaty . 
  as i said , from a legal perspective it is okay . 
   i 'll probably find a tobacco related case that has won , but that will really only be tomorrow when i 'm home . 
  looking forwards to it . 
   even though canada and eu are not small states . 
  if it 's a lot of those cases that are all legally fine by this agreement the way is paved for companies to dictate their rules . 
  according to dutch studies on the subject , there is no `` regulatory chill '' in countries this big and rich . 
   idk about said australia case . 
  the prospects of being sued seem speculative to me . 
  but then - you can also be sued in a national court . 
  all that matters is the outcome of the case . 
  not the case alone . 
   i fear i ca n't follow . 
  the regulative powers of the government are meant to be used in the interest of the people , right ? 
  and i do n't see how that goes against my point that government and companies should have the peoples interest in mind . 
  it might sadly be a little to optimistic but i do n't see how this is wrong . 
  let me present you this case : company v wants to build a coal power plant in city h . the government of city h asks v to double the size of the plant , promising that they will recieve a permit to operate it . 
  v starts building the plant . 
  city h holds elections . 
  the green party , who ran a campaign promising to kill of the plant becomes part of the government coalition . 
  they make up some random laws to `` protect the environment '' that are actually targeted at making it impossible to operate the plant . 
  they do not issue a permit to operate it . 
  point of the story : when a company invests a significant amount of money , it has to rely on the government sticking to its words . 
  yes , the regulation is suited to protect the environment ( somewhat ) . 
  but you should have thought of that * before * your elected representatives allowed the building and before the company invested the money . 
  harming the investment afterwards so that it is no longer profitable has to be accompanied with compensation . 
   companies should not take any investment for a guaranteed investment that lasts forever . 
  time is inevitably change . 
  and ideally change for good . 
  true , but concessions are also granted for a limited amount of time . 
  nothing lasts forever , correct . 
  but there are certain things that companies deserve protection from . 
  random actions for example . 
   is my impression wrong , that important issues like the well being of people and environmental issues come after corporate interests ? 
  these interests are naturally contradicting each other . 
  but consider this : a treaty for trading naturally aims at improving business . 
  we are trying to retain our environmental protection in the same turn . 
  but for environmental protection in general , we have other laws and initiatives . 
  nobody expects a treaty to combat global warming to include measures boosting up the business . 
   yeah , but their employer is the eu , not the british government . 
  do you really think they will continue to play a role in the ttip negotiations though ? 
   so whilst they 're working out how to leave the eu , they do n't have a lot of capacity to work out other trade deals is what i 'm saying . 
  i am not sure about that . 
  but who knows ? 
  i think it is fair to say that nobody can guarantee improvements for literally everybody . 
  it is almost certain that there will be some companies going out of business due to increased competition . 
  this is tolerable however if the net gain is positive . 
  most of these decisions were made in the euro group however . 
  and there , the power balance is not touched . 
  and i for one do think that we can at least get some better regulations for banking now . 
  some of the people negotiating for the eu are british .
