   or there 'd need to be come outside circumstance such as a war . 
  actually i do not see how this could lead to the uk asking to get back ` in ' . 
  in no possible war scenario , there would be a huge benefit for the uk to be in the eu . 
  unless nato ceases to exist and you piss off the us so much that they wo n't defend you anymore . 
  which is * very * unlikely , to say the least . 
  war between eu and russia ? 
  - we 're bound through nato anyways . 
  war between countries in europe ( lets say between germany and france for all the good memories ) - there would be no eu left at that point . 
  in what scenario would it make a difference for the uk ? 
   you mean british public opinion ? 
  i would say the british public would want their advantaged position back , the rest of europe would be very reluctant to give it back to you . 
   i kind of assumed the eu would have to be a huge success for us to ever join again once we left . 
  like , usa in the 1950 's levels of success . 
  would n't you say that outperforming the uk would be enough ? 
  considering that the uk continuously does better than most of europe currently , i think this would be a strong sign . 
   what negotiation happens when a country joins the eu ? 
  surely it 's just a case of ` do you agree to these rules we all follow ? 
  okay , you 're in . ', 
  when eastern europe joined , they got quite a few concessions ( especially considering agriculture ) and money . 
   in the event the eu was a resounding success and we were looking to rejoin , i ca n't imagine us even wanting special treatment . 
  well , lets have it this way : the eu will never be capable of fulfilling all your wishes . 
  should a brexit happen and the uk wanted to rejoin at a later point , it would n't be because it suddenly became super convinced that everything is great in the eu , it would be because they would be convinced that it is * better * for them . 
  should the uk leave the eu and then reapply , they most likely could wave goodbye to their rebate and demands for special treatment . 
  it would also greatly diminish your political power when it comes to reforms in the eu . 
  cameron managed to achieve quite a bit by threatening the brexit , this would no longer work if you rejoined . 
   why ca n't they just vote to rejoin later again ? 
  because they would lose a lot of political capital . 
  if they rejoined , it would mean that they need us more than we need them . 
  they would be negotiating from a position of weakness , contrary to the situation they are in now . 
  they would also need to overcome being wrong for the second time when it comes to the eu/ec . 
   this subreddit 's arguments on ttip can pretty much be boiled down to guardian headlines half the time . 
  it seems if someone is going to be so outraged about a topic , they should at least do remedial research . 
  it 's pretty much the same with the stop-ttip initiative . 
  most of the people who have signed that ` petition ' do not have substantial knowledge of the topic . 
  which really is a shame . 
  i can respect opposition to something , but i can not respect opposition that is based on the opposition of other people without * any * kind of knowledge on the topic . 
   i think most eu court systems are unbiased and respected enough to deal with international litigation . 
  but i would not trust all of them . 
  if i am honest , i have some issues with the reliability of jury systems . 
  not to say that they are unreliable ( it works out pretty well for you i guess ) but ordinary citizens have a higher potential to be biased than an appointed judge . 
  especially when it comes to cases where a local company is facing someone from abroad . 
   that is only because people on this subreddit are willfully blind . 
  i would give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  the media coverage on the issue is a bit one-sided ( both in terms of isds and ttip ) . 
  if you asked a random person in germany about isds , you would probably hear complaints about vattenfall using it against us currently but most wo n't know that we are a frequent user of these mechanisms . 
   the big 3 german car manufacturers sued the us state of california claiming its environmental protections were too strict . 
  they argued the state did not have the authority to make stricter requirements than the federal epa . 
  this , of course , goes against the very foundations of state sovereignty the us was founded on and over one century of american jurisprudence . 
  well , i know a bit about these cases but the general public has probably never heared of them . 
  however , it is always the same : companies are free to sue for whatever they want . 
  this does not mean that they will be successful . 
  which is why i think we need to implement the `` loser pays '' principle in ttip , just like we did in ceta . 
   i would say enabling the mass murder of civilians is worse than seeing a shopping aggregator at the top of search results , but not according to this subreddit . 
  agreed . 
   in the same vein hsbc knowingly laundered money for mexican and colombian cartels . 
  these cartels fuel violence across both american continents . 
  how 's that connected to isds however ? 
  if you wanted to bring the message along that european companies are involved in shady stuff - i think you succeeded . 
   the perception on this subreddit is that european companies are somehow better . 
  i am not sure it lines up with reality though . 
  for once , reddit is in line with the general public on this topic . 
  first of all because you do not really hear anything about it . 
  you wo n't get media coverage for a european company suing a us state . 
  when it goes the other way around , you can be ensured that you will get a lot of media coverage . 
  i do not think it lines up with reality . 
  the eu is by far the most frequent user of isds , most prominently probably germany , the uk and the netherlands . 
  this however might also be due to us holding a significantly higher number of bits than the us ( germany not only established the first bit , we also have the most bits by a large margin ) . 
  of course , some of our companies have been involved in shady stuff . 
  and i wo n't deny that . 
  this is not harassment , this is calling you out on wrong facts . 
  it 's not about any kind of political tone , it is about him spreading wrong facts . 
  the eu has repeatedly made clear that our food standards are not up for negotiation and it is very likely that they will thus be exempted from being part of the arbitration . 
  it would be completely impossible to sue for this in this scenario . 
  you should stop arguing about a topic you only have superficial knowledge on . 
  you are embarassing yourself . 
  no , the arbitration will not be conducted in a ` secret court ' under the ttip regime since uncitral transparency rules will be applied . 
  i am well aware of all of these things . 
  by `` based in the us '' i mean the companies , not the location of the arbitration . 
  of course , the feta cheese producer was not serious . 
  i have dealt with isds quite a lot and i am aware of who is suing ( however the share of medium-sized enterprises , so under 100 million , can not be unerestimated ) . 
  it is just that some american companies are somewhat equal to the personification of evil in the mind of some ( european ) people ( most prominently probably monsanto ) while i do n't exactly see the same thing happening in terms of european companies . 
  this makes a large difference in terms of public evaluation of the situation . 
  it is not even ` just ' about human rights - you would violate another country 's souvereignity by doing so . 
   interesting , as little as 6 months ago a deal struck between the eu and turkey to deter people from seeking ayslum in europe would have been rejected out of hand by most european leaders as a rejection of ` european values ' , and yet here we are . 
  it 's amazing how a crisis can change peoples minds on the big issues such as values . 
  well , you might have to compromise at some point . 
   it will be considered legal because european governments will consider it legal , the ones that matter anyhow , despite the deal not being 100 % kosher . 
  as i said previous , it does not matter what anyone thinks bar the courts . 
  and the courts have repeatedly made judgements against governments . 
   alot of this will depend on how the processing is handled in greece , but i 'm expecting another shitshow there . 
  they will get a lot of assistance . 
  legally speaking , this is inaccurate . 
  this would neither be realistic nor legal . 
  you need the consent of every country you deport a person to . 
  no country would accept that . 
  as i said , the current situation did not seem like a realistic development at that time . 
  something different was meant by this however . 
  this is a pretty weak argument that displays you not having a clue . 
  this would have required the infamous ` boots on the ground ' however . 
  something that has significantly fallen out of favour , especially since there was no credible threat for us in sight .
