  i am somewhat certain that they will make it into the parliament however . 
  actually , this is different from election to election . 
  in some elections , the parties actually had * more * votes but lost out on seats due to higher vote participation . 
  waiting for the day when h\u00f6cke will be the `` moderate '' part of the afd . 
  there still is a very big difference between conservative and `` rather brown '' . 
  even though the csu might be populist at times and even though they use `` right '' rhetoric sometimes , they are still very firmly a democratic party and miles away from the afd . 
  i disagree . 
  it is not only the media , the established parties identified the success of the afd as a very high priority as well . 
  so it is n't exactly without basis . 
  true . 
  those who felt disenfranchised previously . 
  i think a multitude of issues plays into this . 
  the success of the afd is pretty much the only relevant news over here due to its wide range of implications . 
  nothing else is really worth the coverage . 
  it does n't really generate clicks when you write about minor balance changes between the established parties . 
  * it is somewhat seen as an opinion poll about the refugee crisis - the afd is the only party that really opposes merkels stance on the refugee crisis . 
  all other parties are even more liberal on that issue than merkel even though they are currently not keen on being vocal about that . 
  the fdp is a bit of a special case , they take a somewhat moderate stance in opposing merkels refugee policy but they are still suffering from mistakes made in the past . 
  * the afd can cause significant troubles for the established coalitions . 
  it essentially messes up the political balance we had . 
  * the cdu is on the defense here - it has `` conquered '' quite a lot of the policy areas where the spd used to be very strong , but it has conceded a lot of room on the right for it . 
  there has never been a significant political party in germany that was to the right of the cdu/csu . 
  if the afd could establish themselves in our political system , this would mean severe long-term consequences for that system . 
  * the success of the afd spurs internal conflicts between cdu and csu , it essentially puts both parties under pressure to shift to the right . 
  * the afd attracts voters who felt disenfranchised . 
  voters that have no political home anymore due to the cdu shifting to the left/middle . 
  voters that have lost trust in the political class . 
  it really is a bit trump-esque . 
  five years ago , all our newspapers talked about was the pirate party . 
  and they actually recieved significantly fewer votes than the afd today . 
  well , it still is . 
  their party was pretty much dead after the euro crisis passed its most critical phase ( talking about germany here , i am aware that it still is critical in greece ) - they fell below the 5 % election treshold . 
  it was the refugee crisis that brought them back to life and to new heigth in voter polling . 
  their policy propsals in other policy areas are very superficial and even less thoght-through than their immigration proposals . 
  people who vote for their party because of policy still do it because of the immigration/refugee issue . 
  but it can also be observed that the protest votes ( who traditionally went to the * linke * , our left party ) went to the afd . 
  plus a certain fraction of people who used to vote cdu ( conservative ) but think that the cdu shifted too far to the middle/left under merkel . 
  it is our `` fuck the establishment fuck the eu fuck foreigners fuck the euro '' party . 
  the afd has always polled pretty badly in lower saxony for some reason . 
  so yes , it was predictable . 
  which still is a significant downgrade . 
  lol . 
   considering it was actually the us who pushed for sanctions , it might have been a tactical decision to pick sides on the part of merkel . 
  nonsense . 
  honestly , the stance of the us is n't as relevant here as you make it to be . 
  it is easy for the us to call for sanctions here as their trade with russia is not even remotely the size of the trade of some european countries with russia . 
  the countries more opposed to the sanctions are actually not germany . 
  and considering the warm relationship : what / u/aboutdesouffle said . 
  the article is not about voting leave in general but about a specific issue . 
  this is an english-speaking sub 2 . 
  this post is about a very specific issue , not brexit in general . 
   sorry mate but how is it a remote topic ? 
  the article does not even remotely touch the topic of refugees . 
  legal migration is a whole different thing and completely unrelated . 
   fwiw i 'm very pro immigration honestly , i could not care less . 
  what matters is that the comment was unnecessary and provided nothing for this discussion . 
  seriously ? 
  why do people like you feel the necessity to bring up the refugee crisis in every goddamn thread , no matter how remote the actual topic is ? 
  i think there are too many variables to make good guesses here . 
  a lot could have been different . 
  it could be better , it could be worse . 
  the financial exposure of the states is rather limited however . 
  most of the expenses that will occur in the next years are the benefits payed to these people . 
  which are covered by the federal government . 
  states usually have to bear a lot of the initial costs after an asylum applicant arrives here ( shelter , asylum application , language and integration courses ) , but it decreases over time . 
  if the influx stays as low as it is currently , this really wo n't be an issue . 
  well , i was n't aware of this and it was n't my intention to express any kind of judgement . 
   i do n't mean to suggest that there are n't other reasons that contribute - just that the advantage given by the shared currency is significant . 
  particularly as currency fluctuations are to some extent an ` equaliser ' for nearby economies ( as we can see with the drop in gbp vs eur after brexit ) . 
  i am not denying that we would n't experience similar success without an undervalued currency . 
   if greece had the drachma today ( and was in the single market ) , it would be perfectly placed to undercut eurozone eu manufacturing and an amazing place to invest . 
  i disagree . 
  as much as i would like this to be the case , it just isnt . 
  greece is still overproportionally affected by corruption and inefficient authorities . 
  the political climate is n't stable and the history of greece does not really speak for them when it comes to the treatment of investors . 
  additionally , they can not compete with eastern europe . 
  we have established relationships with eastern europe , they are reliable and produce with high quality . 
  plus they are cheaper than greece . 
  even with a devalued drachma , i have troubles believing that greece will undercut eastern europe . 
  there was no purpose in creating this term . 
  it is simply the abbreviation of the countries affected by the crisis . 
  it also works the other way here : we originally set the minimum wage at $ 8,50 / hour . 
  it was meant to increase along with the general wage increases . 
  this would have meant an incease to $ 8,77 . 
  the labor unions went ahead and demanded $ 8,73 and we ended up with $ 8,74 . 
  god knows how . 
  not really . 
  the recent elections are seriously unrelated to it . 
  lower taxes and more spending have been proposed internally by sch\u00e4uble months before the recent elections happened . 
  the only election that could be somewhat related is the federal election next year . 
  taxes are generally not an issue for state elections over here . 
  also : 15 billions annually is pretty close to the cost of the refugee crisis . 
  keep in mind : the calculations for the refugee crisis ( the 90 billions often thrown around ) expected more refugees for this year than the actual number of current arrivals plus the cost so far has been lower than expected . 
  the 90 billions were also for a multitude of years . 
   good point , but it 's probably somewhere between the two since the euro is still below it 's july 2015 value fair point . 
  it is also possible that other factors would cause the real exchange rate difference to shift a bit . 
  our economy is still doing better and better , but on the other side the wages are increasing rapidly ( on a german scale ) as well . 
   such as regulatory level and infrastructure this however is something that can be ` fixed ' . 
  just because a country fails to improve in these areas , it does n't really justify blaming it all on the currency . 
   but places like spain and greece are hugely gimped by their currency being overvalued .
