   yeah yeah ... judge once it is published , not in advance . 
  the eu has brought advanced social and environmental standards upon its member states . 
   does n't matter . 
  costs millions , which only law firms will profit from . 
  also , it 's ridiculous that companies can sue countries just because of tighter regulations . 
  wtf really !, 
  actually it does matter . 
  all of the agreements that are currently negotiated include a `` loser pays '' rule . 
  the companies are free to sue whoever they want , however if they lose they will have to bear the costs ( around 8 millions on average currently ) . 
  companies also do not really sue countries because of tighter regulations ( less than 10 % of cases are directed at legislative acts ) , usually it is just a government putting a foreign company at a disadvantage . 
   i do n't think this will be the case . 
  politicians will say that after that long time of negotiations the deal has to be accepted or we will lose the usa as partner . 
  same with nsa spying here . 
  not really . 
  it is not only the politicians who have to agree to it , also the eu parliament . 
  which has proven to be not supportive of stupid stuff , like for example the last attempt of the copyright with fotos thingy . 
  also , every single member state has to ratify it , one fails , agreement dead . 
  this is literally the worst video i have ever seen . 
  not only is its content pretty stupid , you can hardly understand what is being said . 
  why should i confuse something ? 
  a lot of well-payed positions in germany are open , companies dont find people for their apprenticeships , the demographic change will open up a lot of workplaces in the next years . 
  how should filling open gaps lower the wages ? 
  as i wrote in a reply somewhere here , it gets a bit lost in translation . 
  `` einwanderungsland '' is the correct term , it does not translate that well into english . 
   ttip 's deregulatory approach will lower eu food and environmental safety standards to bring them in line with those of the us . 
  not proven . 
  eu insists that food standards will not be lowered . 
   see that a deal which brings europe down to this level is absolutely regressive . 
  again , who is saying that we are adopting this ? 
   ttip would give corporations like tobacco companies [ the power ] to sue governments for health campaigns detrimental to their profits . 
  basically none of these cases has been won so far . 
   in the most famous case , scary-sounding tobacco ` giant ' philip morris sued uruguay for its anti-smoking campaign . 
  you can sue for whatever you want . 
  this alone does not make it bad . 
  has this case even been decided yet ? 
   would make it hard for non-ttip countries to export processed goods how so ? 
   this saturday , thousands of campaigners will be taking part in a country-wide day of action , handing out leaflets and informing the public about this deal which will have such huge repercussions for this generation and the next . 
  well good for them . 
  informing the public on a deal that is not sealed , yet claiming it will have huge repercussions . 
   there 's no denying that ttip is kind of boring quite the contrary actually . 
  ~ ~ ~ can people just stop losing their head and wait for the negotiations to finish ? 
  we will have all the time in the world to judge what has been negotiated . 
  would certainly improve my online games . 
  low-level wages wont be brought down by migrants as we have a minimum wage in place . 
  higher-payed jobs are pretty open at the moment , these wages are going to increase , not decrease due to extended demand . 
   who is competing with immigrants for low-education jobs . 
  if you are at the lowest end , and , despite a minimum wage being in place , you lose your job because a migrant that has no degree from here , probably does not speak our language well and does not have any networking here , it is probably you who are the problem and not the migrant . 
  despite the wage growth ( which has started to pick up after your graph ended ) , people are not desperate to elect a nazi party . 
  in fact , the only serious `` right '' party that we had , the afd , is pretty much dead ( they at least wont reach 5 % in the forseeable future ) . 
  the mood is also not that bad , so what ? 
  exactly . 
  however you would need a majority of judges for this , since they are not swapped out all at the same time , it becomes really difficult to reach this . 
  people will already grow suspicious if a party starts naming judges without reputation . 
  and then , there are also the other parties and the judges appointed by the * bundesrat * . 
  so , if they have an overwhelming majority and the will to change it in both chambers , well ... fuck it . 
  its all a big conspiracy . 
  in reality , the results are pre-determined by the cia and they leak numbers to the news . 
  the average wage acutally does not matter the slightest if we are talking about refugees . 
  the government is the one paying the bill for refugees , and the budget has increased a lot since 1990 . 
  well , not really . 
  the judges are appointed by our parliament and the other chamber , not by the government . 
  there have been judges leaning towards the opinion of a party , however no judge would ever accept a significant violation of the fundamental rights . 
  also , it is not easy to find people to fit into that role which are ready to combat their own power . 
  they furthermore need to be at least 40 years old , they need to have studied law and a quota needs to have served on a federal court for at least three years . 
  these people would be extremely stupid to ignore a violation of the constitution , it would significantly shrink their own influence . 
  there have been examples of people appointed into the court that were supposedly very friendly towards one party but , out of the safety of the court , turned against that party . 
  rightfully so , our constitution has worked really well so far . 
  however , even if it was to be replaced , it is very likely that the fundamental rights would still be part of the new constitution . 
  it is likely not possible even for the creator of a new constitution to abandon these principles . 
  ( this is highly disputed though ) . 
  not in germany though . 
  you would run into the probably most powerful court you have ever seen . 
  our constitutional court is the watchdog of the constitution with the power to overrule literally every other player in our political system . 
  i dont know how the current style of government affects this ? 
  they can not change the asylum article in our * grundgesetz * as it is protected by the * ewigkeitsgarantie * of art . 
  79 iii . 
  they can change the non-constitutional stuff though . 
  not the right of asylum . 
  its written in the fundamental rights section of our constitution which can not be changed to the worse . 
  its actually been a [ 37.5 % gdp per capita in ppp increase . 
  ] ( http://de.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-per-capita-ppp ), 
  true , but logic does not always apply . 
  we do not only get refugees but also a lot of regular work immigration currently , often due to the economic crisis in the south . 
  hey , at least the support for a debt relief increased quite a bit over the course of half a year . 
  well , you can get a 50 % discount card for train fares for 130 euro as a student ( for a year , currently discounted to 69 euros ) . 
  those are valid for the whole country . 
  as a student , you usually get either your local area or the whole state for ` free ' ride ( the price you pay in the semester fee for it is laughable compared to what it would cost you if you bought it yourself ) . 
  i think 84,50 or something like this per semester . 
  includes free bus fare in the whole city and train for some stations . 
  many other universities here in germany are around 200-300 euros a semester because they include full train fare for the whole state . 
  i did not talk about all of them , but quite a lot came from these territories . 
  with unfounded i mean that he makes assumptions on actions that might or might not have a deeper meaning . 
  fearmongering in the sense that a change of the kremlin head would not go through that smooth . 
   it seems the sub now has more discussion going on between more users than at any time i can remember . 
  you just need to look back to any day of the negotiations with the greek govt . 
  the greek crisis just made space for immigration currently . 
   the article reports that timchenko , `` isolated from the western world by sanctions , '' can no longer visit his villa on the shores of lake geneva '' in his gulfstream g650 and has been reduced to living in the residence of former head of state nikita khrushchev . 
  that poor guy . 
  on a serious note , this sounds like a lot of unfounded speculation and fearmongering . 
  this was not even the question here ?
