  one of the main arguments for the brexit is that the uk can make * more * trade deals independently . 
  if we are honest , we do not give a shit whether our trade agreements harm third parties and neither does the uk . 
   like all economic unions , the eu is designed to strengthen the economies of its member states . 
  implicitly , this excludes the nations lying outside of the union , whose trade is routinely disincentivised and met with tariffs . 
  this is completely rational however ? 
   `` developing countries have a gun pointed at their chest , '' the uk alone would do nothing else . 
  nobody has free stuff to give away and everyone will use their power to get the best deal possible . 
   no surprise then , that one of the biggest controversies facing the eu in recent times has been turkey 's repeated calls to become a member state -- all of which have been rejected . 
  the eu 's cherished principles of free trade , free movement and cultural diversity have been rapidly overlooked when the majority muslim population has appealed to join the union . 
  and how is this related to the uk being inside or outside the eu ? 
   come 23 june , however , it will not be a choice between nationalism and internationalism that voters will be making at the polling booth . 
  the real question will be whether calling oneself an internationalist is more important to the uk electorate than acting as one . 
  this is completely ridiculous . 
  a brexit would mean that the uk can focus more on countries other than the eu , but it certainly will deal with the big and rich countries and not aim to boost the poor countries in africa . 
  true , it has its ups and downsides . 
  i think you could make a good point that we are on a peak when it comes to power - both in terms of economy and politics . 
  our workforce is projected to decline significantly in the future and we are affected by a global slowdown due to our reliance on exports . 
  even though many people dislike merkel - her successor will struggle to achieve the same amount of power she ( and , as a result , germany ) enjoys . 
  berlin became the capital of prussia in 1701 and it was subsequently united with other nearby cities . 
   of course it does . 
  if wages were increased , investing in other countries would n't be so easy . 
  as i have already explained , the war chests of these companies are well-filled . 
  they do not rely on short-term income . 
   there is a also a 3rd option , to have 4.2 % unemployment and increased wages . 
  there is no example for this . 
  it 's unrealistic . 
   you actually prefer to succumb to extortion by business owners . 
  that 's a better way of phrasing it , more inclined towards reality . 
  you are ignoring reality . 
  the countries that had sharp increases in their wages currently struggle with much higher unemployment rates . 
  i think not . 
   unsure if the bad pr outweights the relative market share gain by buyng them . 
  depends . 
  it will be interesting if they will rebrand monsanto as `` bayer '' to leave everything behind them . 
   the stock plunged already - and they would need to finance that merger by putting out new stock . 
  this would have happened with any merger of this size . 
   btw : the glyphosat discussion ( round-up ) is additionally bad timing . 
  well , the who just recently confirmed that it is not harmful . 
  so did german and european scientists . 
   it 's not , if wages were increased to reflect the increased profits of those businesses . 
  this does not matter when investing in other countries . 
   i guess accepting the fact that you are not being paid as much as you should is ok with you . 
  it is a relatively simple tradeoff . 
  we have 4.2 % unemployment , what do you have ? 
  i think i know which situation i prefer . 
  it is not like the salaries here are terrible . 
   it 's not ok with me , i personally like to get paid for as much as i deserve . 
  i prefer having a job over having no job that could potentially be payed better . 
   i do n't see how anything i said is independent from the general economic wellbeing in germany . 
  the thing is : people will always buy food . 
  no matter the economic situation . 
  and aldi and lidl have always been the cheapest stores for that . 
  there is a reason why the owners of these stores are the richest people in germany . 
  they , at any given point , had the means to expand into greece . 
  that 's why i say it 's independent from the general wellbeing . 
   your wages have stagnated a lot in respect to the profits of your businesses . 
  so what ? 
  we are better off than a lot of other countries where the wages have not stagnated . 
  it was in fact * during * wwii . 
  all of which is independent from the general economic wellbeing in germany . 
  aldi for example expanded long before we had the euro , with success . 
  that 's a pretty cancerous attitude . 
   german companies have displaced a lot of local greek companies in the greek market . 
  lots of euros are leaving greece for germany by the likes of praktiker and lidl , which have the means to aggressively compete with local greek companies . 
  this however is completely irrelevant to what is happening in germany ? 
  these companies are profitable and do not require support from germany . 
  they are employing greek people . 
  in this regard , nothing would change even if the currency was floating freely or if the wages in germany were higher . 
  our discounters ( aldi , lidl , penny ) are competing in various countries in the world , and with great success . 
   how the hell could we even lead with that attitude being thrown at us constantly ? 
  `` not european '' is a very very weak criticism compared to what we have to face every day . 
  pretty much everyone is complaining , but so what , that 's what you get for leading . 
  nobody else is willing or capable to do the job . 
  do n't focus on what people tell you , convince other european countries . 
  denmark and eastern europe share quite a few of your viewpoints , so you would certainly not be without support . 
  what upsets me the most is that you are not even trying . 
   there is absolutely no way in hell that france and germany would ever allow what have you become ? 
  you should care less about germanys opinion . 
  france is not in a position to prevent anything at the moment . 
   it simply is n't going to happen you are not even trying . 
  iirc the uk is the one country in the eu that has the least contact with other european countries , trying to convince them to support your position . 
  it is hard work and it wo n't be met with appreciation from germany or france , but it would be mutually benefitial . 
   i 'm pretty sure that if we really started throwing our weight around even if you did not get your way , you would force concessions from germany and the other members . 
  the point is : the eu desperately needs other countries to provide alternatives to the german proposals . 
  countries should have a choice and not just one proposal to follow . 
  there are probably three countries that could potentially do the job : france , which has enough domestic problems currenty ; italy , which is still politically weak and also struggles at home and the uk . 
  european policy should not be dominated by a single country , like currently . 
  you know that the relevant treaties already included the aim of an ever closer union at that point ? 
  the eec already had a common agricultural policy and even a rudimentary parliament . 
  it was clearly visible what was happening . 
   we the british ( on the balance of things ) never saw the eec as anything more than an economic trading bloc you have nobody to blame for this but yourself . 
  everybody knew that the eu was more than just a trading bloc . 
  it is just that your politicians and media sold it to you as a trading bloc . 
   we did n't believe it ever needed to be more than that so leadership i disagree . 
  if the uk was n't aware of the nature of the eu - it certainly * is * aware now . 
  and yet , it does nothing that would aim at leadership . 
   can it lead . 
  well , we led the eu for the last decade . 
  the results have been mixed , but france has completely dropped out of the picture . 
   there would be so many voices inside of europe saying nazi this or that if germany takes a tough line on anything that someone even feels remotely unhappy about which i feel makes germans rightfully cautious of wanting to take a strong/hard line on anything .
