   that 's exactly what he did actually you should practice reading comprehension . 
  he never talked about ` inviting everyone ' - he said that legitimate refugees deserve protection , which is universally agreed upon . 
   because of the ~ ~ kindness ~ ~ stupidity of eu government he lives here , but it 's still very wrong for a foreigner ( and yes , being born elsewhere makes you by definition foreign ) to say what he 's saying . 
  there is no ` eu government ' that could grant citizenship to people . 
  and apart from that , allowing educated people who want to work here to migrate is the complete opposite of ` stupidity ' . 
  he is exercising his rights as an eu citizen , he is voting , paying taxes and working . 
  there honestly is n't much ` foreign ' about that . 
  he now has stakes in what is happening here and his voice should count as much as yours . 
  it 's actually astonishing how well you are combining ignorance and entitlement . 
  you talked about `` daily arrivals '' . 
  you have been wrong , accept it . 
  neither does this even remotely come close to what he said nor is it `` your house '' . 
  at this point , it is his house as much as yours . 
  holy fuck you are arrogant . 
  yes . 
  because you used present tense . 
  alas , your point is invalid because the reality does not match what you are claiming . 
  this is purely speculative and can not serve as a basis for an argument . 
  hypothetical arguments are very weak in this context . 
  accept it , your point has been invalidated . 
  there are no metrics that speak for your argument currently . 
  you know that ... 
  things happened since the time your article was written ? 
  macedonian border closed , turkey deal in place . 
  arrivals on record lows . 
  your point does not stand . 
  and no , it 's the opposite : you represent a culture of unfounded fearmongering based on wrong numbers and facts . 
  i would like some sources for your claims . 
  there are n't ` thousands of people coming here every day ' - neither in greece nor in italy or germany . 
  the rest of what you are saying is also inaccurate , but i do n't have time to go into detail right now . 
  these numbers are wrong however . 
  we likely did not take in two million muslim refugees in total - having a population of 500,000,000 people . 
  i simply do not get how you can talk about ` millions of muslims ' . 
  there was also no ` import ' - people are n't trading goods . 
  for that model - 303 km/h unless someone made improvements . 
  it is possible that the speedo of the motorcycle is a bit inaccurate at these speeds . 
  wonders will never cease !, 
   apple is much more integrated and closed to 3 ` rd party well , they are free to do that - it is their own product . 
  it 's different with google who are forcing their services upon manufacturers . 
  you can not exactly condemn people for pre-installing their own apps on their own devices . 
  especially when there are popular alternatives to these devices ( thus the different treatment of windows a few years back ) . 
  what he says is not exactly wrong , but it does not make * any * sense to create some artificial connection between the mentioned topics . 
  tackling monopolies is one thing , fighting fraudulent behaviour a completely diffferent category and protectionist policies yet another . 
  the eu is not an institution that can only tackle one issue at a time , there are even different commissioners responsible for these areas . 
  so yes , the eu should probably take a look at the mentioned topics , but i completely fail to see how this is relevant to the investigation of google et al. 
  [ happy jet fighter ] ( http://images.crestock.com/4810000-4819999/4813022-xs.jpg ), 
  it 's a little more complicated than that . 
  there are also a lot of democrats who do n't want to see guantanamo closed plus he needs the actual consent of the states these people will then be transferred to . 
  and no senator wants to tell his voters that they are taking in terrorists . 
   for economic reasons , but they seem to lack the global influence the uk and france have , due to no nuclear power , and significantly less military power , being the two most prominent reasons i would add that we also take no interest in that . 
  we are fine with sticking to diplomacy and trade . 
  you are confusing the current-day reality with the reality 25 years ago . 
  because 25 years ago , eastern germany was nowhere near 70 % of west germany . 
  i think you are failing to see the point . 
  you explicitly made points for manufacturing and other stuff . 
  which simply was n't present in the new states ( at least no competitive manufacturing ) . 
   and this invalidates my argument how ? 
  this is just rejecting the notion that adding eastern germany immediately made us the strongest economy in europe . 
  yes , we added a lot of citizens . 
  but no , the products produced in the former gdr were uncompetitive and we had to rebuild that whole part of the country . 
   carbonated is cheaper / on pair with regular water here in sweden tho :d it does not make any difference here . 
   but i believe it 's because bottle water is not really nature friendly and due to our clean water in sweden , it 's not really needed here . 
  even tourists can drink our tap water . 
  tap water is completely fine in germany aswell . 
  in fact , it is often cleaner and healthier than bottled water . 
  it 's just that we germans love carbonated water and you do n't get carbonated tap water . 
   i mean , in my local store ( numbers made up ) . 
  it usually looks a bit like [ this ] ( http://www.hogreve.eu/g_pix/foto_3914.jpg ) in our supermarkets . 
  you have like three or four double-sided aisles as seen on the right of baverages and the shelves surrounding are full of six-packs and single bottles ( and energy drinks & co. ) speaking for my local supermarket , we have like three rows ( 1\u00a01/2 aisles ) full of beer , three rows of softdrinks and juice and two rows of water . 
  and almost every brand of water offers three kinds : carbonated , low carb and noncarbonated . 
  and this does not include the very cheap water , which is sold [ this way ] ( http://www.discounter-preisvergleich.de/bilder/produkte/8588/8588_2012-09-16-19-22-32.jpg ) ( thats 6x0 .5 for 0,65 $ ) . 
  this is usually available in great volumes , both carbonated and non-carbonated . 
  sizes are 0.5 and 1.5 l. probably the most expensive water you can buy here ( but seriously noone buys it ) is [ voss ] ( http://www.markant-borkum.de/files/markant%20sortiment/neue%20produkte/voss-wasser-still-0500l-24er-tray-pet_336.jpg ) from norway for 1.99 $ / 0.5 l. [ volvic ] ( http://daten2.verwaltungsportal.de/dateien/seitengenerator/kasten_volvic.jpg ) ( from france ) which is sold pretty often is above 1 $ / 1.5 l. 
  all indicators show that it 's horrible . 
  one of the worst corruption rankings in the world , signifciantly lower average wages than in russia , highly indebted and rampant inflation . 
   is that what you take from this ? 
  is that really what you interpret from all that i have written here ? 
  yes . 
  you are complaining about decisions made 70 years ago and crying `` oh no its all so unfair '' . 
  get over it . 
   i better stop talking before i tell you how it is and call you some nasty names . 
  oh please continue . 
  it is delightful to see how you are making yourself a fool . 
  holy shit . 
  the cheapest brands of water go below 20 ct. for 1.5 l. over here . 
  the carbonated water i regularly buy is like 2 $ for 12x0 ,7 l. 
  the only pathetic thing i see is a brit who is mad that the uk is not the most powerful country in europe . 
   in 1990 west germany was 64 million ; east germany was 16.11 . 
  that 's a pretty big chunk . 
  that 's just head count however . 
  head count alone does n't get you anywhere . 
  it is projected that we spent around two trillion euros propping up eastern germany . 
   buying bottle water is shit expensive here , but i suppose thats because you do n't need to . 
  even if you buy it in a regular supermarket ? 
  or just talking about convenience stores and street shops ? 
   i disagree , if the people in charge really cared , they could , but they do n't because they profit from the current system . 
  well , make a suggestion . 
  there is no way to prove that the case is brought forth with malicious intent . 
   rogue states have more leeway if they have plenty of oil , got it . 
  :*) there is also the requirement ` powerful ' here .
