  we could finance it however . 
  without greater problems . 
  how much does greece owe us in debt ? 
  80 billion ? 
  remember that the hre once fucked up and made a wrong entry in the computer system that resulted in germany having 55.5 billions more debt on paper . 
  it did not affect us the slightest . 
  which is nothing that the rest of the eu should be looking forward to . 
  a third of our economy is export-related . 
  which is * a lot * . 
  if germany does badly , so will all of our neighbours . 
  the uk left the erm long before the introduction of the euro . 
  this statement does not even make sense . 
  the euro was created to resemble the german mark . 
  your countries chose to sign up for it . 
  not our fault honestly . 
  if you think you are better off without the euro , feel free to leave . 
  the currency being undervalued , increasing our competitiveness on the market is a thing that is very much innate to a currency union . 
  it was always obvious that the euro would be a harder currency than the currencies that italy or greece used prior to the euro . 
  i was talking about the problems that are innate to a joint currency . 
  that is not the point here . 
  it is simply about the possibility of balancing out trade imbalances with other countries . 
  running completely balanced trade with every other country is not realistic anyways , what matters is overall balance . 
  hence my rejection for the notion that a trade deficite with germany immediately results in dire economic consequences . 
   i do n't think they would be worse than short-term problems when euro was introduced . 
  well , we as germans did not really have any problems ? 
  what problems did the euro introduction create ? 
   in fact the extremely low interest rates are actually depressing german consumer spending they are ? 
  usually low interest rates have the opposite effect . 
  that the inflation target has not necessarily been 1.9 % for all the time of your graph and that it is therefore inaccurate . 
  spain for example is able to balance out their deficit with germany due to a surplus with france . 
  it certainly is possible and it is thus wrong to draw a direct line between `` deficit with germany '' and `` austerity '' . 
  dissolving the euro would lead to one short term effect : chaos . 
  you would see germanys ( and the similar countries ) economy struggling ( which is bad for pretty much everyone in europe because , depsite our surplus , we are the most important export market for most countries ) while the savings of the southern countries would be quickly decimated by high rates of inflation . 
  we can only speculate for the long term effects . 
  likely it would be better for countries like greece and worse for countries like germany . 
  the short-term problems would be severe however . 
  and there is another issue : the government debt of the southern countries is valued in euro , switching to a new currency would in fact * increase * that debt burden . 
   ... what do you think causes inflation ? 
  of course , wage growth . 
  there 's a bit more to that however . 
   but close to , 2 % and this target is already modified . 
  when the union was set up , nobody talked about `` close to 2 % '' but about the 0-2 % area . 
  well , provide a few sources for that . 
  germany is by far the most important trading partner for pertty much all central/eastern european economies . 
  poland for example exports 23 % of its goods to germany , which is more than three times their second most important trading partner , the uk . 
  it looks similar in the czech republic ( 29 % ) and hungary ( 25 % ) . 
  there is no market that could realisticly replace us in europe , we would seriously drag everyone with us . 
  ca n't comment on the 20 years ago scenario . 
  i however know that german companies quickly bought industry in eastern europe and invested a lot of money over there . 
  without domestic success , this would not be possible . 
  inaccurate . 
  art . 
  50 teu allows for a withdrawal . 
  we do not have a clause to kick out members , they can leave on their own though . 
  of course , it is a difficult thing to balance . 
  the imf has fucked up , as did the rest of the ez when dealing with the greek crisis . 
  this does not mean that these mechanisms are not necessary when we establish fiscal transfers . 
  i think you can understand that we do not want to throw money at other countries without any control over that money . 
  the proposal has never been complete control over the budgets . 
  the proposal was some kind of eu commissioner with the power to veto national budgets when they are completely unsustainable . 
  look at the 2004 olympic games for example . 
  seriously , greece spent way too much money on them . 
  experts have estimated that the cost was around 10 % of your gdp . 
  that 's insane . 
  and i guess you can imagine no other european tax payer wants to see his money being burnt in projects like this . 
  i do n't see how the inflation target is relevant here . 
  we need to outpace the actual inflation , not the inflation target . 
  also , keep in mind that the inflation target was initially meant to be `` between 0-2 % '' and not `` 2 % '' . 
   so you can see what the problem is . 
  this would n't change if there was no euro . 
  germany is simply the most powerful economy in whole europe , we are naturally the most important trading partner for most european nations . 
  this is not about policy , just factual realities . 
  so no , i dont see where the problem is here . 
  the other countries need germany to prosper no matter what . 
  it 's not about victim compex but about shifting the blame . 
  it pretty much was frances idea , if they are the ones suffering from their own ideas , they can hardly blame us . 
  the latin currency union failed due to paper money entering the market and some other issues . 
  the parallels with the current euro are marginal . 
  it 's a bit more complex than that . 
  you could balance this out by running a surplus with other european countries . 
  true , if you wanted to extend this to the whole eu , germany would need balanced trade . 
  but when it comes to single countries , this is not true . 
  a country that has -50 with germany but +25 with spain and +30 with italy is completely fine . 
  yes , but it certainly is not impossible . 
  euro exits have been suggested by many european countries . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  it was not the lack of a exit procedure that has hindered countries from exiting the euro . 
  the closest we have come to a country exiting the euro was the threat of varoufakis to issue ious . 
  when a country wants to leave the euro , other countries wo n't go : fuck you , you ca n't . 
  we will try to persuade countries to stay , but we have no way to force them . 
  a country could simply start printing and issuing a new currency . 
  there is n't anything the rest of the eu could do about that . 
  hiding behind the lack of a procedure is a bit of a weak move . 
   in just a few decades and many national companies were sold to ( surprise ) germany , you make it sound like a plot from germany to take over the spanish industry . 
  it is most likely simply caused by the fact that germany has solvent companies . 
  germany has for years said that they are open for that . 
  given that there is some oversight . 
  if you take the recent history of greece into account , with corruption , nepotism and misspending , it is not unreasonable to demand that . 
  you want take our money ? 
  fine .
