  what do the spanish people and the spanish govenment think about these retirees ? 
  does it want them or not ? 
  personally i think spain should make this decision and i trust spanish democracy to do what is right for spain . 
  if it is in the interests of spain to have a lot of british retirees , they will likely welcome them even though the uk is not in the eu ( in the same way that australia , canada and usa all welcome a lot of brits ) . 
  if it is not in the spanish national interest , then obviously it does not make sense for them to be accepting so many brits . 
  i do not think that there would be that much of a difference in the numbers , the main change would be a lot of additional bureaucracy and inconveniences . 
  well , the attempt was to be made by reknown scientists and historicans , but their text never got past the planning phase afaik . 
   we do n't know what the long-term consequences will be . 
  one of the reasons why reu immigrants have helped the uk economy is because of their age . 
  once they retire they will become a burden . 
  thus it does not make sense only to consider the current situation . 
  iirc the calculations were made for full lifes , including work , retirement and unemployment . 
   as population increases , there is need for more transport , hospitals , schools etc. 
  all of which boosts your economy . 
  its not just one-way bad . 
   i expect so and will try and dig one out . 
  however , i would be surprised if you really disputed this position anyway . 
  i am not disputing the general effect , but the dimensons of it . 
   however , not all eu citizens are . 
  agreed . 
   there are also terrorists who have eu citizenship as the paris attacks shows . 
  this is a shitty argument as we dont know that much about their background yet . 
  since they have n't been conspicuous before the attack , it is very possible that they could have migrated to your country from france even if eu rules were not in place . 
   none of us speak german less and less required . 
  big firms are starting to adapt english as the only working language ( e.g. 
  the allianz is ) . 
   and when they go to spain it is for ~ ~ retirement . ~ ~ creating movements against eu migration . 
  ftfy  retirement or not , the free movement is benefitial in this case . 
   and only 8 countries will accept the quota 's from turkey . 
  i guess this is your expert knowledge of what is happening in secret negotiations currently ? 
  even if we are talking only about the countries present at the summit with turkey , we are talking about 0.3 % of population . 
   would n't it be more interesting to compare them to the population of the countries they are actually going to ? 
  well , it would depend on quotas ...  and then it might still not be 20 % , actually , even 5 % would be far-fetched . 
   for example , while some reu immigrants benefit the uk economy , not all do . 
  it would make sense for the uk to select the ones that benefit the economy . 
  comprehensible from a purely national , economic , standpoint . 
  i however do believe that there is more to that . 
  if the people are a benefit in total , why should i care too much ? 
   there is an impact on housing prices and infrastructure dont act like your estate prices would be any less ridiculous without immigration ( actually i do not have a clue about that . 
  people tend to move the same places , increasing the price level of that place , immigration or not ) . 
  infrastructure usage ( usually ) goes ahead with economic activity . 
   may see much more impact on their wages . 
  are there studies on this ? 
  specifically for countries that have a minimum wage in place ? 
   there is an impact on social cohesion i would argue that eu citizens are better fitted for the society than immigrants from pretty much anywhere else ( asides from the commonwealth or the us ) . 
   as a matter of principle , why should we in the uk give priority to a german over a guatamalan ? 
  i just do n't think there is any good answer to this question . 
  i think there is one : the uk should give priority to the german because the germans are willing to give priority to brits in return . 
  its a simple trade of favours . 
  it 's not entirely unjustified in my opinion , though . 
  if switzerland doesnt want to play by our rules , why should we allow them to participate in our ` game ' ? 
   personally i think this kind of behaviour , ignoring the smaller countries because they have little political power will damage the eu massively and it already has . 
  it is not necessarily a good option and doing so would certainly be detrimental to the eu as a whole . 
  however , looking at recent events , it is not that unlikely . 
   there is , after all , only really one eu country with most of the political power at the moment . 
  this would only get worse with the uk leaving . 
   it makes no sense to prioritise a german over a guatamalan . 
  depends on your viewpoint . 
   we should consider skills and needs of the uk economy . 
  eu citizens being a net gain for you is not enough ? 
   but you still want people to accept it germany is not really the country pushing for further enhancement of the ez currently . 
  the recent example with switzerland voting against eu immigration has shown that the eu is willing to shut down things that are the core of its own principles ( considering switzerland it was e.g. 
  scientific cooperation ) . 
  the eu acting against their core principles is not off the table . 
  if they are pissed off , a lot can happen . 
  nobody talks about stopping trading with the czech . 
  just the reintroduction of border controls has the potentially to hinder the free flow of goods , posing a threat to an export-focussed economy like the czech one . 
  these people settled legally here . 
  contrary to them , refugees are meant to leave once the war is over . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe they thought it was just a decoy by merkel to please the voters ? 
   the uk imports far more from the reu than it exports to the reu . 
  its less about the volume of these exports than direct access to the largest market in the world ( actually second largest if the eu leaves ) . 
   the reu will also not be able to speak with one voice on the british question of course they wont . 
  but consensus in the eu is possible . 
   different reu countries will be impacted in very different ways . 
  true . 
  the question is how impactful these countries are however . 
  arguably , ireland would be the country affected the most by a brexit , yet their political power is relatively little . 
   what `` burdens '' are you talking about anyway ? 
  accepting euros as ( almost ) equal citizens would be one ( at least from your perspective ) . 
   you consider these things to be benefits the euro has certainly not been benefitial for everybody and for immigration it depends on whether you are talking about eu-internal immigration or not . 
   both of these are questions for negotiation . 
  of course they are . 
  however i do not believe that the status quo in these areas would simply continue . 
   switzerland after all does fine first of all the economy of switzerland differs quite significantly from the czech republic . 
  also , they are more diverse in their trading partners . 
  plus they do not have to change , their relationship with the eu developed over quite some time . 
  they are also taking part in a lot of stuff that people would connect with `` eu membership '' ( as contributing monetary-wise for example ) . 
  blame your media then . 
  the statement was not made in secret or anything but during one of merkels rare interviews on tv . 
  those people were reportedly french and belgish citizens . 
  there is a difference between fiscal responsibility and political responsibility . 
  paying benefits to the disabled is not benefitial for the society either . 
  but we do it because its ethical . 
  come on . 
  dont be ridiculous . 
  germany is the single most important trading partner for the czech republic , at over 30 % of imports and exports ( next one is slovakia at below 10 % ) . 
  additionally , german companies hold large stakes in the czech republic . 
  reestablishing national borders both in terms of physical border controls aswell as tariffs would severely harm the czech economy .
