  also , there are german ` slots ' in this resettlement program . 
   merkel 's narrative was first about the distribution of the 160k from greece and italy . 
  second one was the proposal to have permanent distribution system in place - in this way germany will not have to take in everyone in the future . 
  of course a * working * permanent distribution system would greatly benefit germany . 
  however , there is no way in hell that we will ever get one if germany is n't honoring its commitments in a one-time distribution ( ignoring the political opposition in parts of europe for this argument ) . 
  if germany is n't doing its part , nobody will . 
  thus , it doesnt make sense for us not to honor our promises , especially after suggesting this mechanism in the first place . 
   actually it does . 
  greece is a transit country not a final destination - so people will go away regardless of program . 
  not in this case as it only affects migrants registered in greece . 
  they have no chance getting asylum elsewhere in europe . 
   if you consider the automatic quota system merkel is dangling for a while it starts to make sense . 
  this is nonsense . 
  if they did n't want to , they would not have pushed for it in the first place and taken the lion 's share . 
  there is literally nothing to gain for them by acting like you suggested . 
  this would make sense for some countries that are already reluctant to take in refugees but it does n't make sense for greece ( which would get rid of people ) and countries like germany ( which was pretty much the leading country in pursuing this policy ) . 
  i would argue no . 
  that 's why the procedures should be overseen by people who understand their business . 
  like mckinsey who are currently tasked with making the asylum processing more effective . 
   and what i am repeating is that there are no effective constant mechanisms , because countries refuse to take them , simple as that . 
  and i am not even talking about those . 
  i wonder why you keep bringing this up . 
  i am in no way contesting that we need to reduce the influx , but you are really engaging in a discussion about a one-time resettlement ( which we still * can * provide enough space for ) and turn it into a discussion about the refugee crisis in general . 
   mostly men who are in germany and who will probably not get deported , because we do n't deport people en masse , simple as that . 
  well , over 50 % of these are allowed to stay here . 
   if we could n't do it for bosnians , kosovars , etc or we have n't done so with africans that are already denied asylum - why makes you think these tunisians , moroccans , afghans , algerians and whatnot will get deported ? 
  the simple need for space . 
  it is a new situation and finding good solutions/creating effective procedures takes time . 
  for a long time , we were fine with not deporting people as the numbers were neglectable , times have changed . 
   hundreds of thousands of unvetted men moving around freely is n't a threat only for our safety , not really . 
  if you are talking about terror attacks - it has been reported multiple times that they could come here by plane without any problems . 
  if you are talking about overall crime rates - there are no stats indicating that the crime rate of these people is significantly above the german rate ( at least talking about syrians , the largest group after all ) . 
   the laws wo n't work because guess that , many countries would rather put back border checks than deal with influxes of mass men . 
  this is not even the point of this discussion ? 
   what happens to the other eleven months ? 
  we are simply discussing the 160k in this thread , nothing else . 
  i am not talking about sustainability of a large influx , i am not talking about constant transfer mechanisms . 
  this doesnt help you as australian immigrants would need to earn their money in the uk aswell . 
  in case you just wanted to tell us that you australians are well off financially - true , you are really doing well . 
   i am sorry , what program ? 
  the refugee relocation programme we are talking about in this thread . 
   it 's overfilled . 
  i live a few hundred meters from my local shelter . 
  it 's not overfilled . 
   or go to berlin - it 's pure disaster up there . 
  berlin is a special case . 
   i honestly do n't understand your point . 
  these numbers ca n't be sustained , period . 
  its not about the numbers being sustainable . 
  it is about germany promising to create a certain amount of slots for resettlements . 
  mind you , the people that are eligible for that programme are already processed , they do not need to be put in first arrival shelters and processed . 
  this is not doing anything of what he adressed . 
  housing people alone does not undermine the rule of law . 
  lets hope geoblocking will be abolished alltogether one day . 
  multiple european courts ( both national courts and eu courts ) have ruled that the conditions for asylum seekers in greece are inhumane and states can thus not deport people back to greece . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nj2x74k.jpg ) is the result of the unhcr survey in greece ( unfortunately the survey was n't representative ) . 
  i can totally understand this phenomen with people trying to get to places where there are already communities of their fellow countrymen . 
   the spectacularly slow progress of the policy is already a demonstration of it not working . 
  i would put this under administrative failure and not under bad laws . 
  many people are saying that it is not working because they want to germany instead of eastern european countries - well , there are places in germany available under this programme and these places are certainly more than the number of people who moved so far . 
  somebody ( or multiple actors ) fucked up . 
  i dont know whether the eu or the national states are to blame for this . 
  likely both . 
   it ca n't work because refugees do n't want to go to some countries i am relatively certain that , if a refugee has to choose between a shitty refugee center in greece and another country with decent housing , he would choose the latter . 
  greece offers not enough job prospects for its own citizens , let alone for the refugees . 
  their only alternative is living as an illegal in their desired destination , they will recieve neither funds nor asylum there if they have already been processed in greece . 
   those countries do n't really have the resources to keep them this might be true for a few ee countries , especially those with weak social systems ( where you can not make a living on welfare ) . 
  yet countries like spain are capable of housing people . 
   there are n't effective borders between these countries . 
  i would argue that making government benefits dependent on residency in that place is a pretty decent substitute for physical borders . 
  it ` just ' needs to get a lot more coordinated and effective . 
   any legislative act that is ignored by the people that it applies to and can not be enforced undermines the rule of law . 
  effectively citizens start to lose confidence in the entire legislative process . 
  given the points i named , i 'd like to question that . 
  it appears to me that the authorities are failing and not the refugees . 
  as far as i know , it is also not mandatory to accept these offers . 
  according to the tax foundation , their [ tax system is the most competitive in the oecd ] ( http://taxfoundation.org/blog/estonia-has-most-competitive-tax-system-oecd ) . 
  this might lead to easier conducting of business and easier employment . 
  i suppose that there is more to it , though . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  why ca n't these laws be enforced ? 
  why wo n't they work ? 
  how does this undermine the rule of law ? 
   if you have a choice , why go to eastern europe ? 
  asides from the fact that they have no choice of that kind . 
  the people in question are registered in greece , their choice is between greece , a country that fails to provide for the most basic needs for a fair share of its refugees ( nobody can blame them though given the numbers and their financial situation ) and other places . 
  additionally , this seems to be a complete failure of the system as there are more than 272 places available in germany under this programme . 
  what do you even want to say with this ? 
   much less than a yearly cable tv subscription . 
  this is mainly appealing to countries where cable tv is big . 
  in germany , it is n't . 
  i 'd argue that exports into the arab region are more dangerous . 
  must have overread that , sorry , 
   yet more european values . 
  this is not counteracting european values . 
  listening to you one could start to believe that trading with russia is a grave sin . 
   what bothers me is that germany has no qualms regarding its history when it comes to business . 
  business as usual . 
  this is not about our history . 
   i should also note that some business sectors should be under the control of the state government .
