  7 has 340kt , but only mod . 
  3 & 4 are stationed in europe . 
  no , that 's completely the wrong way to go . 
  the point in investing money is that it will pay off ( possibly even multiplefold ) in the future . 
  it is not a `` necessary evil '' , it is the very basis of economic growth . 
   the fallout would let our interest rates skyrock and in a short period of time we had an unmanageable debt ratio . 
  it really would n't . 
  germany could easily handle 100 % + debt to gdp ratio without the debt becoming unmanageable . 
  hell , even 150 % would probably not be problematic ( it would become problematic in the long term as the workforce declines , but that 's a different issue ) . 
   also the gdp could collapse for whatever reason there is . 
  right now we should try to reduce our debt as far as possible before the next disaster hits us . 
  if it comes at the cost of investment ( into infrastructure mainly ) , it is a stupid policy . 
   only at the first look . 
  we need money for , in short , propaganda . 
  without it the bw wo n't get the support of the people . 
  without support of the people , no support from politicians . 
  this does n't require * that * much money . 
   but , we should also decrease the real amount of debts . 
  why should we ? 
  what matters is that the debt stays manageable . 
  which is ensured if the debt/gdp ratio is decreasing . 
   the bw need a huge one time finance to solve the problems with the inventory ( ammunition , spare parts , etc ) not really . 
  it needs proper long-term funding . 
   solid support from the people and the politicians this is a non-monetary issue . 
   so first we should reduce our debt to something like 50 % in my opinion i disagree . 
  we can decrease taxes * and * reduce our debt to gdp ratio at the same time . 
   then we need also to rise our military spending . 
  already doing that . 
  i get what your point is yet i still disagree . 
  and i do n't really think that there is a point in arguing about it - we will not find a common ground since our political beliefs are too remote from each other . 
   originally it was placed at an age that only 1 % of the population ever made i am talking about the post-war area here . 
   as time progresses , inheritance taxes of dying boomers will make up for part of the costs . 
  the inheritance tax only applies to a fraction of people . 
  in 2015 , the government collected 6.3 billion euros this way . 
  and this is an all-time high . 
  not that impressive to be honest . 
   the problem is vastly exaggerated , and it 's really just a flimsy excuse to squeeze more value out of the human resources . 
  due to the increasing life expectancy , people have been `` squeezing more value out of their pensions '' . 
  to keep the current system running , we either need to settle with a lower pension level or we need to work longer . 
  there is n't exactly a third choice which does n't overburden the younger population . 
  since we do not have the money for a sudden switch , we need the scientific community to come with an intelligent way to circumvent these expenses . 
  hence the emphasis on researchers . 
  yes . 
  and yes , i do see the advantages . 
  i think the lowest youth employment rates in the whole of europe ( by quite a margin ) speak for us . 
  well , certainly not in the job areas where you need university education . 
  i think you might be referring to our dual education programme where you work for a company/have an apprenticeship while studying . 
  this is not a requirement however . 
  you mean internship , do you ? 
  there 's a significant difference between the two . 
  sorry , that 's a bit too much personal information that i am not willing to disclose here . 
  i am studying in bavaria . 
  many companies ran schemes for early retirement . 
  i do n't actually . 
  nah , budget really is n't the issue . 
  it really is just time . 
  but thank you !, 
  your link is interesting , but it is actually directed at people a bit younger than me . 
  as i am studying law , the only thing that would apply to me would be an internship or an ll.m after i finished my studies over here . 
  we will see . 
  i am still young and i still have plenty of time to visit your country . 
   why do n't you then ? 
  because i am a student and have n't had a proper vacation in years ( internships + assignments in the `` holiday '' periods ) . 
   might encourage you honestly , i only lack time , not encouragement , 
   seibert today took exactly fifteen seconds to say `` no '' to db 's paper seibert is no politician . 
  honestly , i do not think that it is unexpected behaviour . 
  the bundesbank talks about changes that should happen in the post-2031 period . 
  why would any of the current politicians want to enrage a large portion of the population right now ? 
  i fully agree . 
  but we also need to maintain the possiblity to retire earlier if you are doing manual labour . 
  because it really is n't humanly possible to do some jobs for longer than 45 years . 
   and on one hand , i understand that sch\u00e4uble + spahn love to declare war on everything . 
  well , at least they are aware of the issues that might face us . 
  not seeing the problems on the horizon would be worse . 
  tourism towards israel ? 
  not that many i am afraid . 
  around 150k people a year . 
  it is not exactly one of the most popular vacation areas . 
  i would love to visit your country though . 
  because we lack own personnel . 
  sorry , i do not really understand what you mean . 
  thanks for the article . 
  seems that the outlook is a bit less panic-inciting than i estimated it to be . 
  sure , it would suck to be at almost 25 % , but whatever , still manageable . 
   another problem i assume is the different education systems , it 's unlikely german companies will hire without an apprenticeship ( assuming for some reason one did not attend hochschule ) well , it works somehow . 
  i calculated with 240 billions ( the current spending of the rentenkasse ) and the 68 % we are projected to reach this year . 
  i however found my mistake : i for some reason used the gdp in usd instead of euro . 
  so , you are correct . 
  i could n't find any recent data , but i think it is lower . 
  we reached 4 % two years ago and our bonds are trading even higher now . 
  we do realize this and we are aware of this . 
  however , you are only entitled to unemployment benefits if you are actively looking for a job . 
  if you are n't , your benefits will be cut to a bare minimum . 
  you wo n't get that minimum payment if you still have funds yourself . 
  we do not have that much problems with this however . 
  when we allowed for migration from eastern europe , many people thought that we would be overrun by people wanting to leech off our welfare . 
  well , we were n't . 
  what 's a bit problematic however is that we pay child benefits even for children living in other eu countries : assume the father works in germany but has three childrens in latvia - he will be entitled towards child benefits in germany . 
  the average wage in latvia is slightly above 600 euros - he will essentially recieve a full latvian wage in child benefits even though the money is meant for german prices , not latvian ones . 
  ~ ~ actually it 's five years due to the recent decreases in debt/gdp ratio .
