  increasing an estimate does not mean that the estimate will be met . 
  nobody is taking in ` hundreds of thousands of people from africa ' . 
  you should have a look at eritrea . 
  i used `` human rights and democracy '' just as key words for something all these countries lack , while in reality they have a lot more and significant deficits . 
  given that the syrian war will probably not end very quickly , most will have citizenship by then . 
  nevertheless , many people from kosovo chose to return there after staying here for some time ( talking about the 90s ) . 
  this is not what i meant . 
  it is one thing to be separated with a border from a war area and quite another thing to live thousands kilometers away from it , no matter how many border controls are between these two . 
  i was aware of that , it just comes to me as a very stupid argument . 
  not recognizing your country any more is not a bad thing per se , things can also change for the better . 
  same goes for refugees - just because the share of syrians increases does not mean that germany will be a worse place . 
  as / u/lustschloss says , the birth rates tend to adapt really quickly . 
  we will see how the conflicts continue , i dont think we can really estimate what will be going on . 
  as long as it does not fit reality anymore . 
  when the un made these rules , they certainly did not have the current situation of refugees in the named countries in mind . 
  fleeing war does not mean that you have to dress in rags or bulletproof wests . 
  [ asylum requests by country of origin ( in german ) ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/154287/umfrage/hauptherkunftslaender-von-asylbewerbern/ ) . 
  the acceptance rate of asylum requests from kosovo is [ 0.3 % ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-02/kosovo-asyl-fluechtlinge-sicheres-herkunftsland ) ( in german , january 2015 ) . 
   he can not and will not be deported . 
  people are actually being deported . 
   the 800 000 is the number of people who actually make it to germany . 
  the 800,000 is an * estimate * . 
  there is no way to accurately predict this . 
  it could be a lot less . 
  with conflicts i meant e.g. 
  the syrian or libyan civil war . 
  there is no damage done actually , germany is more prosperous than ever ( also , we were n't a unified country 30 years ago ) . 
  turkey is one of the most popular hubs for fake clothing . 
  brands adapt their pricing to lower-wage areas , there is enough of a margin to play with given that the production of a shirt can be below one dollar even for `` high-end '' brands . 
  i think there are enough possibilities for these people to own these clothes . 
  your thesis could still be right , though , i am just speculating . 
   there is no way they bought those clothes . 
  how so ? 
  being a refugee does not mean that you have been dirt poor where you lived before . 
  i dont know how you define a refugee . 
  but people fleeing from war or repression usually dont flee because of a lack of money or work ( or fancy clothes ) . 
  this is an expectation and it is not the same kind of people . 
  the number of syrians is somewhere around 40k by now ( this year ) , it will rise to 150k maximum ( well , maybe a bit more after merkel announcing that we wont enforce basel for syrians ) . 
  of these 800,000 people , a large share ( about a third ) comes from kosovo and albania , people that are accepted for asylum at a rate below 0.5 percent . 
  if i am not mistaken , the general acceptance rate of asylum applications is somewhere between 30 and 40 % , meaning that we will * not * have 800,000 people ` added ' to our country . 
  i have my doubts that these conflicts will last for thirty years . 
  and for your claim : the people from 30 years ago wouldnt recognize todays germany either . 
  you are still not reading what i say . 
  the un can say whatever it wants , it does not change the fact that the conditions in greece and italy are horrible and that the neighboring countries of syria are at the limit of their capacity . 
  you know what says the same ( in respect to europe ) ? 
  and basel has proven not to work . 
  there is no proof that syrians come here to ` cash in our welfare system ' but allegations and single cases of retarded people . 
  for fucks sake , these people just fled a civil war . 
  what exactly does these people make not to belong to europe ? 
  of course refugees can work after some time . 
  and they really need to find work at some point given that they will likely stay here for years to come ( at least the syrian ones ) . 
  there is a difference between taking in 25 % of your population within the span of three years and quite another thing to spread half a million over the course of 5 years on a continent with 500 million inhabitants . 
  also , we are in no way a neighboring country of syria , so chances of war being transferred here is very slim . 
  i 'm just gon na quote what i wrote elsewhere  i dont contest the fact that they are selecting their destination on economic wellbeing of these states . 
  however , the fact that they did not leave their country because of economic problems makes them regular war refugees and not economic refugees . 
  i can understand anybody who does not want to stay in greece for example . 
  yes it is a beautful country , however they have an unemployment level that goes beyond everything that is healthy , their refugee camps lack even the most basic things , their authorities are overwhelmed . 
  the same is true for italy . 
  given that the war in syria will likely continue for quite some time , these people have no prospects of returning to their homes in the forseeable future . 
  imagine you being in their position - you would try to find a place where you can stay in safety and also be able to find work again . 
  thats human nature , nobody likes being a refugee completely relying on the government to provide for you ( well , some people might , but certainly not the majority of the syrian refugees ) . 
  so it goes beyond ` just ' escaping the fighting . 
  every human has needs , these people as well . 
  i agree . 
  it has changed into the favor of syrians , who are [ # 1 now ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/154287/umfrage/hauptherkunftslaender-von-asylbewerbern/ ) in germany , but still . 
  the asylum requests from people from kosovo really hinder the process . 
  depends on the context . 
  given the current structures of the eu ( with unanimosity required for some decision ) , it would be even harder to find agreements to govern europe well . 
  it will also prompt tensions between the two ( then separated ) parts of a country . 
  also , richer provinces will have more incentive to split themselves up from the rest , which has the capability of destroying the social systems of some states . 
  it is only natural that there are areas of economic wellbeing and areas that are off worse . 
  this ` relevance of voice ' and ` quality of governing ' stuff can be solved by federalism , at least for a large share of issues . 
  it works pretty well here and , judging from the outside , it works in your country too ( i 'd say it is working even better than here ) . 
  there is no need to split up countries , however demands for greater self-governing are likely justified and could be honored without putting strains on relations or the eu . 
  thats also really healthy for the pension systems !, 
  how is that relevant considering these people owning a smartphone ? 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  i dont contest the fact that they are selecting their destination on economic wellbeing of these states . 
  however , the fact that they did not leave their country because of economic problems makes them regular war refugees and not economic refugees . 
  i can understand anybody who does not want to stay in greece for example . 
  yes it is a beautful country , however they have an unemployment level that goes beyond everything that is healthy , their refugee camps lack even the most basic things , their authorities are overwhelmed . 
  the same is true for italy . 
  given that the war in syria will likely continue for quite some time , these people have no prospects of returning to their homes in the forseeable future . 
  imagine you being in their position - you would try to find a place where you can stay in safety and also be able to find work again . 
  thats human nature , nobody likes being a refugee completely relying on the government to provide for you ( well , some people might , but certainly not the majority of the syrian refugees ) . 
  so it goes beyond ` just ' escaping the fighting . 
  every human has needs , these people as well . 
  you should look at the countries of origin in africa . 
  these countries lack a lot more than ` just ' economy - human rights and democracy for example . 
  jordan , lebanon and turkey are reaching the limits of capacity for syrian refugees . 
  25 % of lebanons population are refugees nowadays . 
  the people are not sailing from the libyan coast . 
  via coast , you can not really reach europe . 
   the fact that they chose europe over closer places says economics was a factor in choosing europe , that makes them economic migrants , they are here because of europe 's wealth . 
  you should really look up the definition . 
  they are not fleeing because their economic situation is shit , but because their country is in civil war and slowly put down to ashes . 
  just because they are looking for a place to stay where they actually have possibilities to work and/or live at some point doesnt make them economic migrants , just sane people . 
  i dont want it because i dont want any precedent of european countries splitting up . 
  same with scotland . 
  the last thing we need is a return to a highly fragmented europe .
