   seems like a pretty obvious case of lawbreaking then . 
  if it is ruled that it is art , it wo n't be a criminal offence . 
   do you know what kind of sentence he is looking at ? 
  in the worst case , a monetary fine . 
  it does as it is satire . 
  b\u00f6hmermann in no point wanted to make these words his own . 
  it is a different meta level . 
  this is completely irrelevant to what i said ? 
  it is all about the injunction here . 
  yes , but as i said this is completely irrelevant for the case the article is about . 
  there is no verdict on the criminal case yet . 
  yes , it is meant to be abolished by 2018 . 
  this would not change this case however . 
  erdogan requested an injunction to stop b\u00f6hmermann from repeating the poem and the court agreed with that - partly . 
  they prohibited citing parts of it . 
  b\u00f6hmermanns lawyer already said that they will take this to a higher court arguing that it is not possible to prohibit ` parts ' of the poem as it is art and thus has to be seen as a complete piece . 
  had the l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 - law already been repealed - nothing would have changed here . 
  the law in question will not be abolished . 
  this is not even based on erdogan being who he is , it is based on our regular defamation laws . 
  it is not prosecution for a criminal offence , it is an injunction . 
  insulting a president has the same requirements as insulting everyone else , it is just that the punishment is harsher . 
   i have n't read it before and to be honest , it seems deliberately offensive for the sake of being offensive , juvenile and not perticulary insightful , but here goes : you need to understand the full context . 
  b\u00f6hmermann explicitly cited this poem as an example of what would be ` unlawful ' here . 
   so this might be the last such ruling . 
  actually not . 
  our laws protect the dignity of all people and it sets limits to speech in this regard . 
  it is irrelevant who is seeking protection in this regard as we have this covered by the `` regular '' defamation law which wo n't be touched . 
  this is also not the case where it is decided whether b\u00f6hmermann actually insulted someone but ` just ' an injunction to prevent b\u00f6hmermann from citing the poem currently . 
   if it 's not allowed by law to make obscene sexual jokes about foreign heads of state , then the court did the ` right ' thing according to the law . 
  you are wrong however . 
  this is not about who is insulted , it is * that * someone appears to be insulted . 
  it does not matter if it is erdogan or heinz meier from munich . 
  this is covered by the basic insult laws , which will not be changed , if the person that is insulted is a head of a state , it just increases the punishment . 
  this is also not the final verdict . 
  it is just an injunction not to repeat the poem at this point . 
  b\u00f6hmermanns lawyers will go to the higher courts against this . 
  in fact , the insult case is a different one . 
  does n't this article talk about passing it as an actual , written , law though ? 
  well , unfortunately my knowledge on islandic constitutional law is very slim , but it would not make sense if it was that way . 
  all articles about the new constitution i could find talked about it being implemented under this double vote system - which leads me to believe that you could pass several changes at once . 
  or a whole constitution for that matter . 
   if the pirate party intends to make several changes this might be the first one they 'll do . 
  but would n't this require a double vote as well ? 
  because it essentially is a change to article 79 of the constitution . 
  in this case , they could also just go on and try to implement the new constitution . 
  it would be the easier way for the pirate party to go the ` old ' way . 
  they might be elected into power , but it is unlikely that they will reach 2/3 with their coalition partner . 
  a simple majority is probably ` better ' for them . 
  the chances of this passing have never been better , the ` old ' conservative forces have never been weaker . 
  apparently , it is a very ... unique procedure . 
  the parliament has to vote on it ( simple majority ) , then the parliament has to be dissolved immediately , there will be a general election . 
  the next parliament then needs to confirm this vote ( simple majority ) . 
  this is the procedure for simple amendments . 
   article 79  proposals to amend or supplement this constitution may be introduced at regular as well as extraordinary sessions of althingi . 
  if the proposal is adopted , althingi shall immediately be dissolved and a general election held . 
  if althingi then passes the resolution unchanged , it shall be confirmed by the president of the republic and come into force as constitutional law . 
   if althingi passes an amendment to the status of the church under article 62 , it shall be submitted to a vote for approval or rejection by secret ballot of all those eligible to vote . 
  it has been proposed to change that towards 2/3 majority + referendum where it needs to get 50 % of the votes and 40 % of the people eligible . 
  this has n't gone anywhere however i think . 
   she also said that `` my first act in office would be to start to prepare for the new constitution to be implemented . '', 
  this would be genuinely interesting . 
  it is the first attempt of this kind to a constitution . 
  this makes sense pretty much everywhere . 
  i however think that a complete governmental ban is too harsh . 
  sorry for the late response :  fixed . 
  i think this is a bit misleading : this does not mean that 63 % get citizenship , it means that 63 % with a refugee * background * were norwegian citizens . 
  this is an important difference - because this does not incooperate those who are deported . 
  calculation to make my point : you take in 100,000 people . 
  90,000 of those left within ten years . 
  out of the 10,000 remaining refugees , 6300 get citizenship . 
  this results in 63 % of the people with a refugee background at that point having citizenship . 
  this does not mean that 63,000 get citizenship . 
   i do n't know the specifics of the situation in germany , but if the majority of refugees are n't able to provide for themselves in germany then that probably has more to do with integration on germany 's part . 
  it is problematic . 
  answer in the long response below . 
   the majority of refugees are n't much different from me and you ; they want to be productive members of their society and will work hard to be so . 
  oh , dont get me wrong on this . 
  i do not doubt that these people * want * to work . 
  the problem is that they are not ( yet ) equipped to work here . 
  it is absolutely correct to spend ten billions ( as predicted in this program ) on educating them and integrating them into the job market . 
   ofcourse there are economic migrants and people who 'd just sit on welfare all day . 
  that 's why we have regulations and rules to prevent that exactly . 
   my point being is that the majority of refugees want to be a member of the society , and i feel you were painting a picture that they simple do n't , which is incorrect . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i do not have any problem with refugees becoming citizens as our requirements ensure that they are a somewhat productive member of the society . 
  * however * , the issue is the reality : according to our government , a mere 10 % of the refugees have the educational background that allows them to start working almost immediately . 
  the rest of them needs to be educated and schooled first . 
  which will take some time . 
  this will be followed by a certain period where the likely wo n't be able to get a job ( at least not without government support ) . 
  afterwards , they need to get into a job that is allowing them to become independent from the government . 
  then they need to stay in jobs of this kind for years before they can actually apply for citizenship . 
  it is a complicated issue . 
  what i want to say is that it will take approximately ten years before a significant amount of refugees can be eligible for citizenship . 
  and who knows whether they will stay for ten years . 
  ten years is a long time . 
  and those who engaged in criminal activites ( as talked about in the comment chain above ) will have little to no chance to gain citizenship . 
   the point i was trying to make is ? 
   if germany was n't focused on importing people from third world countries we are not . 
   the fact is , these people statistically commit way more crime , syrians and iraqis have a crime rate that is pretty much at the same level as the native german rate . 
  the october polls are already the peak of arrivals and are thus irrelevant to what i said .
