  you can not simply send random people to a country without their consent . 
   eu does n't have to take in every single person that wants to have a better quality of life , they should take people that escaped from war and had to flee to eu ( for example russia and norway if one ever happens there ) , which is not the case for most syrians . 
  the turkey deal ensures exactly that . 
  if we have no legal way to deport people into a country where they came from ( and that 's really only syria or turkey ) , we have no other choice but accept them here ( at least in greece ) . 
   im also sure that you can make a way better deal with some north african countries if you really need to make one sure , but in the only country where a deal would really matter currently ( libya ) , the government does n't have control over its country . 
   it does n't sound nice at all . 
  well , it 's subjective i guess . 
  probably it 's because in german , we tend to call you `` tschechien '' anyways , which sounds extremely similar . 
   while we 're at it , why do n't we call germany deutschia ? 
  it 's pretty much only the netherlands , denmark and sweden that call us by our `` real '' name - everyone calls us differently , no matter what we want . 
  germany - derived from `` germanien '' which is essentially was the territory of the teutons ( in german , `` germane '' means teuton ) . 
  the fench call us `` allemagne '' - derived from `` allemannen '' , a completely different tribe of people . 
  the finns call us `` saksa '' - because they first germans that they met were saxons . 
  you at least get to choose what people want to call you . 
   and it is , one ministry just decided overnight we should call ourselves that , there 's no history of it being used previously except for maybe souvenirs well , zeman seems to be using the term . 
  you also notified the un that the term `` czechia '' is fine . 
  also :  the first recorded use of czechia was in 1602 in latin and in 1841 in english . 
  other historic evidence of the use czechia in english is from 1856 and 1866 in the australian press . 
  u.s. newspapers commonly used czechia between 1918 and 1960 to refer to the western part of czechoslovakia ( as opposed to slovakia , its eastern part ) i.e. 
  to the contemporary czech republic . 
  they can also do it because they give a shit about human rights ( echr anyone ? ), 
  and because they like throwing money at a problem that was n't even that big ( australia had a few thousand applications for asylum every * year * when they enacted this policy ) . 
  they also have countries willing to take the people in the region - we do not have that in europe . 
  the islands in the mediterranean are either european ( lampedusa , malta ) or belong to the very states these people start their journey from . 
   if the money sent to turkey were to fund border protection forces and possibly a border protection flotilla we would n't have to bend over to appease sultan mk .2 erdogan buggaloo and his crazy ministers . 
  it simply does not work this way . 
  even if we had sufficient forces at land and on sea to `` protect our borders '' , there is nothing we could do about the people . 
  it is the turkey deal that allows us to send them back to turkey in the first place . 
  we can not force people back into the territory of turkey without turkeys permission due to international law . 
  exactly . 
  people tend to forget that the only country that benefits from the deal is greece after all . 
  that was the whole point of this deal . 
  the macedonian border ensures that there are n't any more people coming to the north of europe , but the turkey deal ensures that greece is n't turned into a single giant refugee camp . 
  this comment really shows that you have n't got a single clue how things really are . 
   instead , take a clue from the marshal plan and inject funds into a new `` eu coastguard '' the marshal plan is n't even remotely connected to any of your proposals  to catch and turn away people coming from north africa , the levant , and ionia this is not how any of this works . 
  if they catch people entering their country , they have no real possibility to return them as it needs cooperation from the states of origin . 
   suddenly , all of these of young people are employed spain alone has 1,7 m people under the age of 30 out of work , 900k of which long-term unemployed ( over a year ) . 
  you are not seriously suggesting the establishment of a border guard that consists of over a million people , do you ? 
  in case it escaped you : to defend our borders , we need high-tech radars and ships , not insane numbers of people standing guard . 
  not even talking about the fact that it would be way too expensive ( employing the 900k alone at a salary of 1k/month would cost 11 billion euros a year without even talking about additional expenses like health care , equipment etc ) . 
   can turn their purchasing power to injecting demand purchasing power bought with a business that does not produce anything , that does not increase the value of anything . 
  it is essentially throwing money at people so that they can be employed . 
   in addition , northern europe need not feel it 's simply giving money to the southerners as they will technically be paying the south to keep the hordes of migrants at bay . 
  a ) the macedonian border being closed pretty much ensures that there are no more people getting to the north b ) nobody in the north would pay for this c ) the turkey deal is still much cheaper ( do not forget that the money that flows to turkey does not go into turkeys budget but directly to the refugee camps over there ), 
  thy have very few seats in the current parliament but are polling around 13 % currently . 
  well , enlighten me . 
  what 's wrong with that statement ? 
  if the trend continues that way , uber is set to have more lawyers than drivers at some point in the future . 
  well , apparently it is what the czech people want their country to be called , so i see no reason not to oblige . 
  it is also easier to write and sounds nicer . 
  actually it 's you . 
  acccording to [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/product?code=une_rt_q&amp;language=en&amp;mode=view ) ( q2 2016 ) : 1 . 
  germany 4.2 %, 
  the point where all of them will be retired is still in the future . 
  plus , very importantly , the peak in birth rate ( by a significant margin ) was i the 60s . 
  [ unfortunately in german ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/bevoelkerungsentwicklung_deutschland.png ), 
   german wages rise the fastest since a long time . 
  so what ? 
  there is n't a limit to how much money we can `` give back '' to the people . 
  if people have more money , it is good . 
  full stop . 
   now tax breaks would be owls to athen . 
  our tax policy is not even remotely dependent on athens . 
   more policies is a good thing , but not an investment more like something we should have done a long time ago . 
  you can actually consider it an investment into security . 
  and just because we should have done it years ago does n't mean we ca n't do it now . 
   for example we should n't built an airport in berlin right now and waited for a time with a weaker economy what is the fucking point in waiting for an economic downturn to invest ? 
  it is the very moment where the government lacks money . 
   and i am pretty sure berlin can survive another year or ten without a new airport that 's not the point . 
  we could probably survive without fast internet . 
  this does n't make better internet less desirable . 
   invest , yes but very careful ... maybe i sounded different i have no problem with investments , but carefully . 
  let say we have a damaged bridge ( impossible i know , but let us imaging that ) . 
  we have now 2 option repair it for 10 millions , but it would be rebuilded in 10 years , or rebuild it now for 100 million . 
  right now we should repair it and in let 's say 5 years when something happen , then it is the right time to rebuild it . 
  that sets you up for a general decaying infrastructure . 
  it is the policy our country has driven in the last few decades - we are seeing the consequences now . 
  you can not postpone things like this eternally . 
  it will end up being much more expensive than it would have been in the first place . 
   right now we should invest in new companies etc. 
  that 's not really the responsibility of the government . 
   yes , but tax breaks ... not now sorry what 's the reasoning ? 
  the tax quota ( tax/bip ) currently sits at 22.04 % , it is set to increase to 22.66 % by 2020 . 
  which seriously is a lot of money . 
  there is hardly a country with more solid finances than ours , the tax rate is too high in a european comparison , it would only be fair to decrease taxes for middle-income families , who are the backbone of our economy and society . 
  even sch\u00e4uble says that we should decrease taxes . 
  additionally , tax cuts can actually boost consumption and employment . 
  it is not like the money disappears . 
   to be replacing the ones in europe ? 
  well , `` replacement '' - mod . 
  12 is actually an upgrade using the existing mod 3,4 & 10 warheads . 
  we were talking about actual investments here 2 . 
  we probably need to employ more people for our security forces as they are severely understaffed 3 . 
  we do not see wage increases of the same kind in the public sector over here 4 . 
  tax breaks * are * good in this environment . 
  especially considering that germany has one of the highest tax rates on income in the eu . 
  if we ca n't afford tax breaks now , we wo n't be able to afford them in the future . 
  this is n't an issue that is black and white . 
  it is about determining whether something is a good investment or not . 
  if you invest carefully and do n't spend your money with full hands , it is very much the right thing to do .
