  it 's not saying that they are bad but that they do not concider it a necessity either . 
   no one was forced into adhering with the guidelines . 
  do n't agree and then complain after . 
  times have changed . 
  the nato fulfills a different purpose than it originally did . 
  nobody is complaining here by the way . 
  the only one complaining is the us . 
   military is n't just about counting heads you know . 
  that 's why is spent most of my comment talking about percentages and not about heads . 
   german military is barely functional with much of it mothballed and in need of repairs . 
  while it certainly is n't as bad as international media usually makes it to be , it certainly could need improvement . 
  but the shortcomings did not hinder the tasks assigned to it so far . 
   everyone went along with it and some countries skirt it . 
  for most of the time of our nato membership , we were over 2 % . 
  currently , only a very few countries actually fulfill the 2 % . 
  and its a sensible thing to do given that ( until russia started becoming aggressive again recently ) we did not face external threats . 
   but it is a bit much when rich countries somehow ca n't afford their guidelines but for what reason should we do it ? 
  we are not facing external threats ( all our neighbors are friendly ) , we do not have former colonies to take care of ( like france ) , we do not desire to play a major role in military engagements far away from home . 
   germany is n't greece . 
  actually that 's the worst comparison you could make . 
  greece has severely outdone the target for quite a long time . 
  it neither functions like it nor is it claiming to be a similar thing . 
  well , `` agreed to '' is a big word , do n't you think ? 
  2 % is not mandatory , it is the general aim . 
  there is no contract that says `` we vow to keep our military spending at 2 % '' . 
  but you are correct , the only thing that causes our army to receive the funding it does is our own politics , no treaty obligations . 
  i am positive that the 2 +4 treaty would not be the problem here . 
  times have changed in the last 25 years . 
  we just simply do n't have aspirations to have a military that big ( and given our policies on military action , it is questionable if that would even be useful . 
  there is no difference between an army of 100k and an army of 500k if at no point in time more than 10k people get deployed ) . 
  if you compare the eu treaties to the us constitution , you seriously have no clue what you are talking about . 
  i can . 
  eu without a budget is not realistic given the role it is playing . 
  if you do n't like it , you are free to vote out . 
  you are seeing the treaties as independent ` players ' here ? 
  as the brexit discussion proves , the treaties are not untouchable objects . 
  you can do exactly that . 
  you are free to leave the eu , all other members are okay with the eu having an own budget . 
  well , who has the power then ? 
  the money that goes into pensions is actually neglectable . 
  one of your governments agreed with this in the first place . 
  it is not like the eu granted itself the power to collect money . 
  i was n't meaning you with ` you ' . 
   '' some 6.6 million people are in ` mini-job ' regime '' ( just in germany and before policy was exported ) , would n't call it insignificant . 
  these are other jobs than the jobs i was talking about . 
   these schemes are devised with purpose to devalue work and periphery was forced to adopt 'em , in one way or another , across the board . 
  not really . 
  you should have a look where most of the jobs of this sector are - usually not in the sector that is competing with foreign workers . 
  you will find mini jobs in small scale retail . 
  or small office jobs . 
   i 'm glad that germans earned minimum wage pretty much everybody is . 
   without doubt , but that 's ` right path ' for germany , not for ez or eu then tell me : what would be the right path for both sides ? 
  without the reforms , germany would be a driven-down economy with high levels of unemployment today . 
  i know that many people would be happy if we were n't leading europe ( which we are due to sheer economic power ) , but germany suffering is even more undesirable for europe . 
  we are not just europes main exporter , we are also europe 's main * importer * . 
  eastern europe 's prosperity severely relies on germany 's prosperity . 
  if we go down , we drag everybody with us . 
   but saying it has no export industry or ... wondering what you can buy ? 
  sorry , but if you compare greece to countries with similar-sized economies , they have fallen hoplessly behind . 
  your export volume is 50 % of portugals , less than 50 % of romanias and around 25 % of ireland or the czech republic . 
  i would call this no relevant export industry . 
   not deliberately keeping wages low we 're not doing that currently . 
  our wages are rising pretty fast , faster than in most parts of europe . 
   respecting the ez rules on surpluses is a good plan eu internal deficit is not increasing . 
  the external surplus in trade is not relevant for europe . 
  this is resolved though . 
   `` i 've had some people earning as little as 55 cents per hour , '' said peter huefken , the head of stralsund 's job agency , the first of its kind to sue employers for paying too little . 
  he is encouraging other agencies to follow suit . 
  the article entirely fails to give any context for this . 
  just so much on things like this : we have so-called `` one-euro-jobs '' . 
  these are no jobs that are competing on the general market however . 
  it is unemployed people that have no other chance of employment earning a little obolus for being active after all . 
  usually it 's some people doing social work in institutions that would otherwise not employ a full position . 
  if you are getting 400 $ a month on benefits , 40 $ a week can be quite something . 
  it 's not nice , but these jobs are certainly not the issue for anybody . 
  no french worker or regular german worker is competing for these positions , thus wages are unaffected . 
   it 's not only possible , it was enforced . . , apart from german policymakers , commission and ecb once thought that ` mini jobs ' were solution for malaise . 
  a ` mini job ' is better than no job , do n't you think ? 
  of course it is good if it is only a temporary solution on the path towards full jobs . 
  and guess what , exactly this is happening : the number of mini jobs is decreasing while the number of full jobs is increasing . 
  i would call this a success . 
  generally speaking : our wages are increasing significantly faster than the gdp growth and faster than in most of europe , so we are actually becoming less competitive . 
  it proves that we are no `` drive-down-the-wages '' maniacs . 
  competitiveness is important for us , but it is not everything . 
  since the article you linked was written , four years passed an the situation for us has improved even more . 
  given the position we were in at the beginning of the milennium , we can say that it was the right path . 
  we would have less people in work earning less than today if we did n't choose it . 
   your wages are now higher because certain countries refused to capitulate and demanded ` fair play ' instead of race to the bottom it is politically impossible to race to the bottom with wages . 
  there is a bit more to this topic than you make it to be . 
  [ labour cost in europe ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/6/60/estimated_hourly_labour_costs%2c_2014_%28%c2%b9%29_%28eur%29_yb15.png ) we are pretty average compared to our neighbors . 
  there are countries with higher labour cost than france and they are not complaining . 
  if you are growing to be uncompetitive ( not just compared to your neighbors but on a worldwide scale ) , you need to improve your competitiveness . 
  hiding behind protectionist measures is a stupid attempt if you are in a political and monetary union . 
  i am aware of italy , that 's why i wrote about ` countries struggling the hardest ' . 
  i know that italy is in a constant struggle and that it could face problems at some point , but i simply do not put you into this group of countries with severe issues ( like greece or portugal ) . 
  it is possible that i am failing a bit on my judgement here , however . 
  of course , it would help italy if germany would be buying more , but we would need a bit more analysis on the issue than the article provides . 
  stating `` germany should spend more , then the other states will recover '' is a bit too easy in my opinion . 
   in a world where everyone fights for our eyeballs and attention , recourse to simplification and believing simple ideas is attractive . 
  or as scott adams ( dilbert ... ) was right and intelligence is constant for all humanity ergo as the population grows higher individuals become dumber .
