  like `` mme x from the area is not capable of working anymore as refugees block the streets from her apartement '' . 
  this would actually * say * something , give something to discuss about . 
  all we can see here is the rant of a woman . 
  quality = zero . 
  i understand the ` general ' context , thank you . 
  however , a little explanation * why * she can not do all the things she mentioned would drastically improve the quality of this video . 
  a `` there are refugees thus i cant work and my children cant go to school '' does not make any sense because it lacks the reasoning . 
  `` refugees '' are * not * a reasoning . 
  reasoning could be if she feels threatened , if roads are blocked of if the school is used to house refugees ( for example ) . 
  still editorialized . 
  and still no context . 
  sorry , i misread that . 
  television allows the luxury of censoring faces if needed . 
  just claiming something without specifying does not help us the slightest . 
  no meaningful discussion can come from it . 
  it could be tha she is just afraid of he people without any logical basis or something more severe , we do not know . 
  this still does not change the title . 
  the original source was likely banned for exactly these reasons , the title amongst it . 
  your `` description '' adds nothing of value compared to the original title asides from setting an agenda . 
  that is not what i am saying . 
  there is just zero context to her complains . 
  she does claim that she can not go to work and that her children can not go to school yet fails to explain why , she just blames it on `` refugees '' without specifying . 
  this is a train of the \u00d6bb if i am not mistaken . 
  the euronight from vienna to hamburg uses these trains . 
  they are usually horribly understaffed and overcrowded . 
  i had to use one a few weeks back ( after a 12 hour delay , but w/e ) , it was filled with refugees , yet there was zero rubbish in there , just overcrowded as fuck because the conductor did not allow people to sit on the floor ( ! ), 
  in all but two wagons . 
  i would not be surprised if it got deleted again as this submission violates several rules . 
  firstly , you editorialized the title , secondly it is low quality content without source or background . 
  this submission gives zero contribution to a meaningful discussion on the issue . 
   what we need is a merger of the major shipping company in each country to create a pan-eu shipping company . 
  add a common sales tax policy on top of that and your problems will be solved . 
  well , dhl is present in a lot of countries already . 
  still ridiculous fees . 
  ~ ~ what is your issue ? 
  long term activity and karma does not say shit about mod activity in the last month . ~ ~, 
  the last time i remembered , the judge made the judgement and not the prosecutor . 
  without knowledge on the activity/roles in the mod team , the ban quota does not say much , especially given that all previous bans have been revoked . 
  i do not know anything about that ban/post/poster so i will not comment on it . 
  some mods are more active , some are less . 
  look at the posting history of the mods , some did not post on here for weeks . 
  just because some people are doing the `` heavy lifting '' does not mean that they deserve something of this kind for this . 
  it is pretty fine if a mod is critical of the actions of another mod , as long as they can sort it out . 
  it 's pretty pathetic to think that threads or comments that display immigration in a negative light are deleted because some mod is following a secret agenda . 
  in fact , there has probably never been less `` censorship '' if you want to call it this way on this sub than now . 
  also , the front page is full of articles displaying refugees in a non-positive way and the comments ... 
  i do n't really do n't want to comment on them ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  germany did not castrate france , france pretty much did it itself . 
  the current german strength only comes through french weakness and british lack of interest . 
  the uk , while taking a different stance in this issue , mainly focuses on itself , paving the way for german dominance . 
  mind to outline that article ? 
  you are a bit mistaken with the ` fluent german ' part . 
  if you are here on asylum , the language requirements for obtaining citizenship are lowered ( a bit ) . 
  i explained why . 
  read again . 
  not for this demographic group, 
  it 's difficult . 
  the laws were made in times where symmetric conflicts were the norm and not civil wars with several combatants . 
  fighting for a foreign power can get you a prison sentence in switzerland or austria , even the us can revoke your citizenship in such a case . 
  in germany it is illegal to promote the joining of a foreign army . 
  it is unclear if forces of the ` new ' kind qualify as foreign powers . 
  exactly . 
  and there is no returning to that point . 
  we would not be competitive anymore if we did that , especially not considering that both of our countries have minimum wages in place . 
  which poses the task on us to educate the refugees that will likely stay so that they can find a workplace . 
  by the laws of many european states , his action is illegal . 
  asides from the fact that planned work migration and refugees are quite a different thing , you can take it this way : we are aware that not everything with the turks coming here went as planned . 
  for example the idea that they would simply leave was just idiotic . 
  we experienced areas where only turkish communities settled , remaining amongst themselves . 
  contrary to the last time however , we know what problems can arise if we do not `` fix '' and regulate a few things in the beginning , we have the opportunity and knowledge to do it better this time . 
  i am completely certain that we will not be able to completely prevent some problems from arising , however i am somewhat optimistic about the whole thing being done a lot better . 
  there are enough britons complaining about indians in the uk though . 
  mind to explain ? 
  if you are talking about increased criminality because of the refugees : we do not have any numbers on that yet , so i ca n't really comment on that . 
  refugees are not constantly monitored . 
  i sincerely doubt that the expenses will exceed even half the surplus this year though . 
  qualification is not a determining factors when we are talking about refugees . 
  to answer your question : it is one thing to live in bad conditions , being forced to `` live '' in run-down buildings without electricity , running water or sufficient sanitary facilities is quite another thing . 
  contrary to the people you mentioned , refugees can not decide where they want to live . 
  the most worrisome stories ( confirmed by journalists ) from greece ( i do not want to claim that it is like this everywhere there ) include people who do not get basic medic treatment and even lack of food . 
  the same is said about some italian camps , some people would literally starve without support from the population and ngos . 
  the fact that some people live in similar conditions in their home countries does not make this treatment acceptable , since the people are free to chose where they go , refugees are not . 
  some are not even allowed to leave the building they are `` accommodated '' in . 
  another thing is that we are ( in germany by law ) obliged to grant the people in need life conditions that we consider humane by our standard , no matter how it is for some people elsewhere . 
  stuff like this is not a human right , this is why it is no reason for aslum in itself , humane treatment inside our own borders is mandatory however . 
  because it is not a suitable solution for most of europe . 
  the times where farmers needed loads of people to help them bringing in the crops is long gone . 
  look at the fields you see every day , sometimes you will a few people harvesting , it will be 2-5 people in large , expensive machines , and not 50 doing it by hand . 
  the only country in whole europe ( well , at least the places i travelled ) where i have actually seen small-size farms was norway . 
  the current surplus would pay for 5 times the increase because of refugees . 
  saudi arabia did not get these tanks . 
  usually , if you pay around 300 , you will get a ticket with free fare in the whole state . 
  if you study in cologne you get all ( short-distance ) trains in north rhine westpahlia if i am not mistaken . 
  i am studying in northern bavaria and have 90 euro and little public transportation included , like you . 
   and how does you constitution prevent you from following regulations and sending them back to their countries of entrance ? 
  because we do not deport people into countries where they would face inhumane conditions . 
  like refugees in greece ( partly ) . 
  it depends on your train and bus fares included on the ticket . 
  any serious argument for that besides the fact that this is the ` murican way ?
