   there 's already serious talks about an eu army a joint army ( if it is ever going to happen ) does not make us the fourth reich . 
   the eu did instigate a coup in ukraine removing a democratically elected president in favour of a pro-eu puppet . 
  every time you add something , you sound even more stupid . 
  i think we are about four comments away from lizard people . 
   no you 're right he would have invaded . 
  which is the whole point of everything i just said . 
  rendering your comparison ( eu = fourth reich ) useless . 
  he never favoured referendums that went `` the other way '' . 
  let 's assume , just for the sake of this argument , that the saarland did not join germany in 1935 . 
  do you think hitler would have left the saarland untouched while invading france `` because they voted against joining germany '' ? 
  come on , what you are saying makes no sense at all . 
  holy fuck this ` comparison ' is actually so bad . 
  this does n't even remotely make sense . 
  someone should have told poland that they could have stopped being part of nazi germany with a simple referendum ... 
  seriously , brexit is pretty much a perfect example that it is n't . 
  the german `` upper '' house is called `` bundesrat '' ( federal council ) . 
  it has 69 seats , all of which are representants of our 16 federal states ( `` bundesl\u00e4nder '' ) . 
  the number of votes a state has depends on its population , however a state will allways have between three and six seats . 
  the representants in the bundesrat are actually members of the government in the respective state . 
  this means that the opposition parties in the states get no seats in the bundesrat . 
  all representatives of a state have to vote the same way , otherwise their vote is void . 
  since our federal states generally have coalition governments , voting behaviour in the bundesrat is often an important point in the negotiations for the coalition . 
  generally , it results in the state voting abstention on issues where the coalition parties do not agree . 
   what 's his role in the legislative process ? 
  the bundesrat can propose legislation , but it is still the bundestag that will vote on it . 
  if our government or the bundestag ( our second chamber ) proposes legislation , the bundesrat can give its opinion on the legislation . 
  what it can do afterwards depends on the law : if the law wants to change the constitution , they need a 2/3 majority in the bundesrat ( plus a 2/3 majority in the bundestag ) . 
  if the law affects the finances of the federal states ( e.g. 
  certain tax laws ) or of the law affects competence areas of the states , the bundesrat can block the law with a simple majority . 
  if the law affects none of these things , the bundesrat can call for consultations between the bundesrat and the bundestag . 
  it can also try to veto the law in question - but the bundestag can overrule this veto . 
  if the bundesrat vetos the legislation with a single majority ( 50 % + ) , a majority of bundestag members ( this is the total number of members , not people present at the vote ) will have to vote in favor of it . 
  if the veto reaches 2/3 of the bundesrat votes , the bundestag will need 2/3 of votes cast ( plus at least 50 % of the bundestag members voting ) . 
  the bundesrat also elects half of the judges for our constitutional court ( the bundestag elects the other half ) . 
  it can bring cases against other federal organs ( president , government , bundestag ) to the constitutional court . 
  / r/askeurope generally speaking , we really know nothing at this point . 
   why do the german government start recommending it right now ? 
  i have no idea . 
  could be based on a fear that something specific could happen , or just a general precaution . 
  bit of both . 
  we never stopped storing vast amounts of reserves after the cold war ( we have over 800,000 tons of food in storage ) and the situation in ukraine made it more plausible that attacks can still happen . 
  completely depends on the country that girl lives in . 
  also / r/askeurope, 
   you 're looking at overall cash flow balance . 
  i was looking at what tesla calls core cash flow . 
   since model s and model x already turn out a profit in their own right now , i guess the onus is on the doubter to provide evidence/data for their skepticism not just mere words . 
  well , they are competing in the price range where car manufacturers tend to make the most profit . 
  the margins in the lower price sector are already slim in the fossil fuel car market , which is why i am not yet convinced about the model 3 . 
   tesla is already cashflow positive on their existing lineup . 
  not consistently . 
  q4 was positive ( highest number of deliveries in a quarter to date for tesla ) , q1 2016 was negative , q2 2016 positive again ( the majority originated from model 3 deposits ) . 
  q3 is certainly going to be interesting . 
   they are losing a lot of money because they are ramping up huge capex for both the gigafactory and model 3 . 
  just so people are clear . 
  the gigafactory will have more lion capacity than the rest of the world 's other factories put together . 
  that 's the scale we 're talking about . 
  they used to plan to make it 50 gw , now it 's 150 gw . 
  well , we wo n't see 150 gw before 2020 or so . 
  i think it is pretty certain that at that point other companies will have started large-scale production making it relatively unlikely that it will be bigger than all others combined at that point . 
   most car companies already have the basic infrastructure in place for generations and must make far smaller capex investments as a share of their revenue to make the adjustments they need . 
  fair point . 
   once the ramp is over , that 'll become clear . 
  well , * if * model 3 turns out to generate profit . 
  musk promised $ 35k , let 's see if they can actually meet that while generating profits . 
  -- -- -- sidenote : i think it would be very interesting to see the overall cash balance of the model s ( development cost , production cost , car purchases , free electricity on the super chargers etc. ), 
   i also read 1.5 million on the wiki 1.5 million is the target , but this will really take them a few more years ( they aim for 500,000 by 2018 )  which they plan to do . 
  apparently , they are willing to invest ten billions into a giga factory . 
  which is twice the money tesla spent on their factory . 
  we will see . 
   such as ? 
  audi q6 ( 500 km range , 2018 ) , chevy volt with longer range ( 60 kw/h , ~ 350 km ) , opel ampera-e ( essentially rebranded volt ) , mercedes will reveal its answer to the model s ( 500 km range , 2018 , same price range as model s ) next month . 
  plus the existing range of evs offered by the mainstream manufacturers with upgraded batteries ( the e-golf will likely reach around 250km range with the battery upgrade at the end of this year ) . 
   they will have full self-driving system in production within 2 years probably ( if regulations allow ) . 
  the car makers are a bit careful with this technology . 
  they would not dare to release featues like this before they are completely ready ( like tesla are essentially doing ) . 
  from what i have read , most of the 2017 + releases ( upper price range ) will offer self-driving technology for the highways . 
   it 's possible they 'll solve the mass manufacturing and price problem before competitors catch up . 
  not really . 
  tesla is aiming for 500,000 cars a year - vw produces this much cars in 13 days iirc . 
  plus the established car manufacturers already have evs that can compete with tesla in the pipes . 
   i do n't expect them to do particularly well . 
  there 's also this : what tesla presented as the `` model 3 '' is essentially what the established manufacturers would call a `` study '' - they do not know specs , they do not have any interior , they do n't know how much exactly it will cost to produce it , they are n't even sure about the external design . 
  and these things are usually called `` study '' for a reason . 
  yet they recieved a lot of what we would call `` vorschussloorberen '' in german - everybody is talking like they already have that car in sale . 
   once big carmakers start really compete with tesla , it will be very difficult for musk to even keep pace with the crowd . 
  possible . 
  it will also be very interesting to see if the model 3 will be able to generate profits . 
  because , as we know , tesla has never been profitable so far . 
  if the model 3 fails to change that , tesla is more or less set to go out of business . 
   vw and nissan already get their evs out there . 
  to be fair , none of them can currently compete with the ( promised ) specs of the model 3 . 
  i am confident that they will be until the model 3 finally arrives here though ( musk promised late 2017 for the us , but he never met the promised shipping date for any previous model ) . 
  so , it will likely be 2018 until the model three arrives here . 
  additionally , the likes of vw and nissan actually have the production capacities to meet the demand while tesla does n't . 
  well , if we are fair , we have to consider that the tesla is competing in a completely different price range than most of the cars listed here . 
  a model s should be en par with audi q7 , volvo xc90 , porsche cayenne . 
  in this comparison , the tesla sales are pretty average . 
  we 'll have to see how tesla fares with its model 3 ( well , it 's still a few years ) . 
   this is because tolerance , acceptance and all of those nice things only work when they are going both ways . 
  this applies to the society .
