  was n't this supposed to be a 5 bn payment ? 
  probably the exchange rate would vary a little based on the prospects of that agreement . 
  / r/leagueoflegends, 
  imagine the public outcry if stuff like this happened in greece . 
   i think you can agree that it 's just strange that greece had to cover the costs of it . 
  not really , that was ` common ' at that time . 
   10 billions of the amount can be considered legitimate . 
  this is not entirely sure , so the ecj deciding on that would help . 
  even though we feel reponsible for our past , it is not like we have money to throw away . 
  also , the greeks really managed to put this request in the worst moment possible . 
  i doubt that there will be less people willing to give this money to greece than now . 
   it seems that germany was given time to grow before starting the payments . 
  why ca n't we allow greece to get it 's shit together and then start paying , instead of loaning them money to pay for loans ? 
  the greek loans already have a maturity of 30 + years which is longer than the dawes bonds were intended to last in the beginning . 
  the money greece has to pay for interest is laughable compared to a lot of other countries , or , to the interest that would be ` justified ' for greece - the main differences are : in 1953 , germany just had caused a world war for the second time , arguably forcing the reparations on germany after world war i played an important role in leading to the second one . 
  the other difference ( at least post-wwii ) was the fact that germany actually exprted stuff and thus was able to repay debts . 
  if you run a chronical export deficit , you will never be able to pay back debts . 
  yes . 
  i am no blind fanboy of the pope , however i like him a lot better than the previous one . 
  his stance on homosexuality , whilst still not ` open ' , is better than the ones of the previous popes . 
  read again , this is what i said . 
  i essentially said that ` odious debt ' can not serve as a ` legal ' argument for not paying debts ( thus not prompting a default ) . 
  if they stop paying , they can declare whatever they want , but they will default by doing so . 
  according to the [ oecd ] ( https://data.oecd.org/lprdty/gdp-per-hour-worked.htm ) , the gdp per hour worked in germany is higher than in switzerland , both in terms of nominal gdp and gdp in ppp . 
  what you said is true about the netherlands however . 
  even compared to the powerhouses of the german economy , bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , the netherlands shine . 
  ( or am i simply too tired and misread that statistic ? 
  if so , please correct me , im going to sleep now ), 
  not really . 
  your countries are in completely different circumstances . 
  also , if you tell them to ` resist ' , you are essentially saying that they should leave the euro and maybe even the eu . 
  stuff like this can actually happen . 
  in 2011 , our ` bad bank ' , the state-owned hypo real estate discovered that they had made an accounting error - [ 55.5 billion euros ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/the-world-from-berlin-a-55-billion-euro-windfall-from-germany-s-dumbest-bank-a-794994.html ) . 
  this is over 15 % of greeces * total * debt . 
  ( and more than half the amount that we have ` in fire ' in greece ) . 
  are you sure ? 
  i know quite a lot of people who had conscription and then studied afterwards . 
  given the history of greeces former governments and the involvement of corruption in many deals ( e.g. 
  from german arms companies ) , and considering mama papandreou is said to have half a billion euros in a swiss bank account , he could claim that the money was only used for the benefit of the political elite . 
  ( i disagree with this , despite the fact that there was a lot of corruption going on , the greek population actually benefitted from the largest parts of the money ), 
  we actually do not know . 
  dont get me wrong , i believe that there is no legal way to get reparations from germany ( besides that loan maybe ) , however only the ecj could decide on that . 
  we had conscription ( or civil service as an alternative ) until 2011 , so i do not know how that affects our statistic . 
  as i replied to you the last time we were talking about the retirement age : you can retire as late as you want , the problem is that the average work life of a greek is [ amongst the lowest in europe ( p. 13 figure a2 ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/pdf/themes/04_pensions.pdf ) , two years below eu average and over 7 years lower than in denmark . 
  well , unlike russia , north korea has n't annexed anything in the last years . 
  if you asked mr. varoufakis , the greek debt was made to the detriment of the greek population and thus illegal . 
  it is difficult to determine `` detriment '' . 
  your second link is exactly what i said . 
  this ` loan ' would accumulate to 10.3 billion euros with interest today , a lot less without interest . 
  this is the only part that i believe might be a legitimate claim . 
  however , the nature of that loan is highly disputed . 
  one side claims that that it was just a ` legitimate loan ' which must be payed back , the other side says that it was designed to cover the occupation costs ( which is supported by the fact that there was no interest negotiated for it ) . 
  if it was the latter , it is no ` usual loan ' anymore but would be part of reparations which are a lot less unlikely to get back at this point in time . 
  what i deem unrealistic is the request for 278.7 billion euros ( including the previosly mentioned loan ) in reparations ( i do not know how the committee calculated that number , however for some unknown reason , it pretty much covers all of the debt greece currently holds ) . 
  considering the ` reparation payments ' for world war one : what your article mentions are the dawes-bonds . 
  they were issued in 1923 and supposed to be payed back until 1949 . 
  however , hitler stopped repaying them . 
  at the london debt conference in 1953 , the bonds were prolonged by that non-payment period , until 1969 . 
  the interest that wasnt payed in the nazi time was seperately dealt with and was payed off until 1972 . 
  the interest that was not payed between 1945 and 1952 was meant to be repayed after a reunification of germany . 
  in 1990 , germany issued new bonds with a maturity of 20 years for these interest repayments , so they were finished in 2010 . 
  yes , it is almost a 100 years now , however these are ( kind of ) ` reparation ' payments that germany promised in 1953 , and they were only present because of world war two ( also the amount that was repayed in the last years is neglectable ) . 
  we can talk about that loan of 11 billion maybe , however reparations after 70 years are just stupid . 
  if greece thinks their claim is justified - just let them go to the ecj and sue germany for reparations . 
  i sincerely believe that the court would not award reparations to them as it would be equal to opening pandoras box . 
  please , go to the court and settle it for all time , but stop awarding yourself reparations from germany . 
  greece has no authority to do so , the ecj does . 
  as for your question : reparations are no debts . 
  the 4 +2 contract is somewhat a valid reason , however it can be disputed . 
  also , if anything , compensation should be payed to the people that acutally suffered from the war , not the current government . 
  and by the way , germany payed not only the often mentioned hundered-something million * mark * to greece but also gave 30.000 tons of machines to greece . 
  unfortunately the greek people responsible for that deal were total shitheads , left the machines to rot in hamburg end eventually sold them as scrap metal to a british company , way below worth . 
  sounds pretty much like the outcome of the ( failed ) proposal to distribute the migrants equally all over europe . 
  from what i have read , even some of the anti-immigration countries ( like in eastern europe ) said that they would likely be willing to take refugees in , however based on voluntary nature rather than based on set quotas . 
  not only a fiscal union but a complete unification of europe . 
  the introduction of the euro was simply the ` easiest ' step as the countries ` only ' had to give up the control over their currency . 
  it would be pretty awesome if the threat of bankrupcy was just a miscalculation from a banker : /, 
  well , you still got your other committee requesting 300 billion in reparations from germany . 
  it seems that your committees are not that close to reality . 
  not to my knowledge . 
  however you can get a decently-priced ticked if you book enough time in advance . 
  i went from frankfurt to trondheim via amsterdam for 150 $ both ways last month . 
  i already stumbled upon a few articles , but thank you . 
  you pretty much have no other choice than using the deutsche bahn in germany ( they were the former monopolist ) . 
  just booking tickets from prague to berlin will be a bit complicated if not impossible over their website . 
  each to their own . 
  however i am not even opposed to a debt relief for iraq - firstly the debt was caused by a dictator , secondly the country just came out of a war and last but not least , it wasnt even that much money . 
  if it makes you happy . 
  [ germany accepted an 80 % cut on loans worth 2.3 bn $ ] ( https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/mideast/rl33376.pdf ) . 
  it is acutally so nonsense . 
  his party only exists in * one * of our federal states ( well okay , the state has more inhabitants than greece ) , yet they have always been punching over their weight when being in a coalition . 
  the proposed toll only for foreigners is a project that is solely pursued by this party , they hold the rest hostage . 
  i am saying this because , if you take at the ( few ) examples of ` illegal ' debt that the world has seen , you will necessarily stumble upon the case of iraq , which got its debt relieved based on this principle . 
  it was ` enforced ' by the us , forcing other countries to waive the debts . 
  in any other case , it will just be considered a default . 
  also , contrary to greece , the debt in question was amassed by military regimes . 
  ( i am aware that greece had one too , however most of the debts did not originate from there ) i do not know about the composition of the committee , however the fact that they think they are in the position to declare the acting of the ecb ` illegal ' does not exactly speak for them . 
  i read that they are ` specialists ' and that half of them were from outside greece , however i do not know on what basis these people were selected . 
  i am pretty sure that you can find a majority agreeing that the debt is illegal when you take the ` right people ' into the committee . 
  i am not mad , i am just confused by you contradicting yourself .
