  the reasoning of our government why it provides welfare payments , how much and in which way does not depend on values of other societies . 
   if she was able to save the money ( doubtlessly at a cost to herself and her family ) , she is free to spend it however she chooses . 
  and this is something that is ` bad ' in my opinion . 
  she could have spent more on her children . 
  yes , the child turned out to be really succesful , however given that he said they lived on the absolute minimum - this must not be . 
   it 's a noble cause at that . 
  i mean , she did n't spend it on blow and hookers , she used it to help save someone 's life . 
  i never claimed anything else . 
   we 're both fruitlessly speculating here . 
  it might be as simple as helping someone pay for a round of generic drugs . 
  we are . 
   you keep saying that , but what does that mean in practice ? 
  currently : not much . 
  no government official will go up to a family and request them to explain all their spending . 
   you say you do n't believe in implementing a pure voucher system . 
  but how would you prevent this alleged abuse then ? 
  lowering benefits to a level so low nobody can save a single cent without having to literally starve ? 
  i think under certain circumstances a voucher system could be used , limited to certain areas . 
  the government has to ensure that the money is actually ` arriving ' where it is supposed to be spent . 
  especially when we are talking about the children here . 
  you gave the example of parents that severely limited their own spending ( even on the most essential things ) to ensure that their kids have decent school bags . 
  unfortunately this is not the reality everywhere and in some cases , the opposite happens - parents spending government money that was meant for school equipment ( or similar things ) on stupid stuff like cigarets . 
  unfortunately , not all money that people use ` outside the box ' is used for life-saving treatment . 
  in fact , i am pretty certain that a very tiny part of it used that way . 
  a voucher system for certain parts would also create the possibilites to prevent people not eating lunch to buy their children school bags ( if done right ) . 
  i am aware that the government is not capable of fully preventing the ` misuse ' of money . 
  however , it can take some actions to limit the ` abuse ' possibilities . 
  no matter if this ` abuse ' is for positive things ( like medical care for relatives ) or for negative things ( like buying drugs ) . 
  this is true especially when we are talking about asylum seekers - some asylum seekers said that , since their arrival , they are under extreme pressure from their families abroad to send them money , even if they did not find a job yet . 
  people can send how much ever they want back home - if they earn it . 
  government money should not be a way to fight poverty of other family branches in other countries . 
   or is your plan limited to criticising strangers from afar for spending ~ mah tax dollars euros ~ in a way you deem to be wrong on the basis of a throwaway line in an opinion piece ? 
  actually i have no problems with spending * muh tax euros * on welfare . 
  because welfare does not discriminate and i know that welfare will be there if i will ever get in the need of it ( lets hope that will never be the case though ) . 
  most people that are on welfare are not there on their own choosing , often these people did n't even do anything wrong and got into that position because of an unfortunate chain of events . 
  in fact , i am often terrified how little benefits some countries pay to the unemployed or disabled . 
   welfare recipients do n't spend welfare on food and basic household supplies alone ; they are expected and forced , really , to use what little money they receive to pay for their children 's school supplies , bills , car maintenance etc. , which is why the voucher idea is demented . 
  i do not contest any of that . 
  nobody talks about completely replacing money with vouchers anyways . 
   sometimes your monthly allowance gets you through the month , sometimes it does n't . 
  sometimes , as a welfare recipient , you are able to put a couple of euros a month aside for emergencies and special occasions so that when your car breaks down or your child needs a swimsuit in school or you just want to cook something special for christmas eve , or indeed if a family member gets sick , you 're not forced to beg . 
  i do not contest that either . 
   it 's ridiculous that you think that 's some extravagant expense that we really ought to prevent . 
  you are misinterpreting me . 
   like , i know people who will skip lunch to buy their children nice school bags so they 're not bullied at school . 
  clearly being able to buy this ~ luxury product ~ means that they 're getting too much ~ free government money ~ . 
  you are comparing apples with pears here . 
  it is one thing to spend the money on the stuff you mentioned . 
  it is quite another thing to send it to distant ( ! ), 
  relatives . 
  i can not comment on the amount of money we are talking about here as i do not know what these treatments cost , however it has to be a somewhat significant amount of money if the diseases/problems are so severe that people might die otherwise . 
  again - i would probably do the same if i was in that position . 
  this does not change the fact that the money is not meant for that use . 
   i mean , what 's next , `` poor '' people owning fridges [ 1 ] ? 
  dont be ridiculous . 
   you do n't know their circumstances and yeah , you do sound like an asshole . 
  i actually said that i can completely understand it from a human standpoint ( in my original post ) . 
  this however does not make the payments meant for this kind of stuff . 
   you do n't seem to understand that the entire purpose of welfare is to give people a leg-up , not to merely keep them from starving . 
  depends on the kind of welfare we are talking about here . 
  the article explicitly talks about :  we were living on the lowest amount society thought people could survive on -- -- --  also stop referring to people as ` it ' , it 's really off-putting . 
  fixed , sorry . 
   frankly , how they choose to spend those savings is none of your damn business . 
  actually it very much is the business of the government . 
  social support is calculated based on the needs of a person . 
  if said person is able to send money abroad , he or she is obviously getting too much money . 
  sorry if i sound like an asshole , but it really is not the purpose of social payments to finance medical needs of remote relatives in foreign countries . 
  for reasons like this , there is a discussion to replace cash payments with vouchers every now and then . 
  yes . 
  by design , social welfare is not meant to support people other than the recipient ( and its family ) . 
   yet somehow my mother found a way to save up and send medical fees for distant relatives who otherwise might die , due to the poor medical infrastructure of where we had come from . 
  as much as i can understand this way of thought , this is exactly what these payments are * not * meant for . 
   who of us can be sure that we would not act like the economic migrants seeking to escape the slow burning frustration brought on by misery and despair in parts of the world impoverished by mere coincidence and often historic crimes ? 
  nobody said that he or she could not understand it . 
  however we can not possibly afford this to happen . 
   at one point , was it more-core to the party ? 
  somewhat . 
  the name reflects the background of the party - it was founded by christian people . 
  but it has always been open towards people of other confessions , it was mainly ` just ' a conservative party . 
  ukip is different in my opinion . 
  but you are right , the ` party name ' criteria may be a bit questionable . 
  i think we have to conclude that we disagree . 
  we will not find a common ground i guess . 
   you 'd rather spend years negotiating only to come to a proposal that will be instantly rejected ? 
  the negotiators are pretty aware what will be accepted by the eu parliaments and what not . 
   you realize that what you quoted said that not every negotiation is completely public , but the information is nearly always available if someone cares to ask . 
  it 's pretty common for politicians to comment on the negotiations as they happen . 
  the negotiating positions of the eu for ttip are publically available . 
   it does . 
  how so ? 
   i did not elect the diplomats who negotiated the agreement . 
  as long as your elected representatives are satisfied with the result , it is fine . 
   i did not elect the people who will be putting massive pressure on the politicians for this to pass . 
  these people exist everywhere , also in national lawmaking . 
   you and everyone else with a little bit of thought going on in their heads know that the politicians , every single one of them , will be under extreme pressure from outside parties to have this agreement pass . 
  that does not make for a democratic vote . 
  acta has proven your claim wrong . 
  the parlamentarians are willing to shoot down bad deals . 
  there is always huge pressure on politicians . 
  in this case - there will be pressure from both sides .
