  especially not on a domestic level and i do n't think trump gives a fuck whether merkel likes obama or not . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   most of se and ee countries ca n't even keep their own people from migrating . 
  this is something fundamentally different . 
  the citizens that are leaving have every right in the world to do so . 
  on both sides - their own country and in their destination . 
   you can tie the refugee benefits to a specific country , but they might be able to earn more working illegaly in we than on benefits in ee . 
  well , you can impose severe punishment for doing this . 
   plus they already have communities in the west . 
  true . 
  but it is not certain if these communities are willing to take care of larger amounts of people . 
   and of course our governments and authorities would probably try to bully them out , since they do n't want them in the first place . 
  possible . 
  but we are talking about the ( unrealistic ) scenario where `` all countries are doing their part '' anyways . 
   most of these people did n't come to europe because they feared for their lifes since they already crossed several safe countries . 
  they came to europe because they want a better life . 
  they think they 'll get that in germany . 
  they wo n't be fine sitting in a small town in czechia . 
  we wo n't be fine having them here bitching about how shit our country is . 
  i think it is possible to connect the two . 
  it is possible to flee a country for legitimate reasons and then , once you arrived in `` safety '' look for the country that offers you the best prospects . 
  lebanon is a country that is on the verge of collapse due to the number of refugees , turkey has a lot of problems in multiple regards and greece really does not have the prospects to offer anything to the refugees . 
  neither humane conditions ( hence the ecj ruling ) nor any job prospects . 
  do n't forget that the war in syria might continue for years to come - and no human being wants to sit around doing nothing for years . 
  people need jobs , people do not like to live somewhere living off someone elses money . 
  some might , but the majority does n't . 
  and if it comforts you - we had plenty of people complaining that germany is not how they imagined it . 
  we just care less about it . 
  it is n't decent behaviour , in fact it 's despicable , but what do we gain from complaining . 
   but if the international law clearly stated that a refugee has to apply for an asylum in the first safe country he reaches and failing to do that would mean that he is no longer considered a refugee , that would make it possible for us to not process/reject these applications and start the deportation process straight ahead . 
  you fail to see that there are multiple layers of laws playing into this . 
  the dublin regulation layed out specific provisions that allow third countries to accept refugees . 
  and as i said , the problems do not lie with the asylum laws but `` higher '' laws . 
  i also think that you are making this a bit too easy for yourself . 
  let 's say a refugee from syria goes through turkey and greece to germany . 
  according to your logic , these people are no longer refugees and thus we should deport them to ... where do you want to deport them to ? 
  you can not deport people to syria . 
  you can not deport people to turkey since the deal for that is n't in place yet . 
  we can not deport them to greece due to an ecj ruling . 
   if the deportations were n't possible because of the reasons you described , we would have to make the lifes of the would-be-deportees very uncomfortable to make it clear that if you come in europe illegally you will not have a good life here , even if we 're unable to deport you . 
  i know it may say harsh , but i would consider keeping these people in detention centres , not australia-style , where there are serious human rights violation happening , but normal detention centres , where they get food , roof over their heads and education for kids and that 's it , no prospects of a job , let alone residence permit , do n't give them any hope that they might settle in and once the deportation is possible , deport them ( or alternatively they will leave voluntarily ) . 
  you want people that are ( in my eyes ) legitimate refugees ( aka people from actually war-ridden countries and those that are prosecuted for political reasons ) to live in detention centres ? 
  sorry , but this makes no sense to me . 
  this would be a gross violation of human rights and , in the case of germany , of our constitution . 
  we can talk about using detention centres for people that have no valid claim for asylum , but not for people that actually can be considered `` refugees '' . 
  i also think that we should work with monetary incentives to `` get rid '' of people . 
  pay them money to leave . 
  it will be cheaper than taking care of them here . 
   you could then still take your 200 000 people from the first safe country in a resettlement programme and other countries ( not just european ones ) could do the same . 
  this however is unrealistic . 
  look at the facts : in 2015 , the most severe year of refugee streams we have seen in a while , the number of people resettled by the unhcr is 80,000 people . 
  in a whole year . 
  this is ... nothing . 
   anyone who would come irregularely would be rejected and treated as i described and that would hopefully deter others from trying to make the journey . 
  i know it sounds very harsh , but i do n't see any other way forwards where we could keep the power in our hands and not rely on other countries cooperating . 
  you see , here 's the problem . 
  you can not put in place the worst treatment possible in order to deter people . 
  if we would just shoot anybody coming here - there would n't be anyone making the journey either . 
  does n't mean that we should do it . 
   i understand that developed countries would still not take a whole lot of people , so the burden would stay on the first safe countries , which is unfortunate , however that is just how it is . 
  the world is not fair . 
  what do you consider a `` safe country '' anyways ? 
  lebanon could be described as a safe country . 
  but the only thing you achieve with such a fundamentalist approach to the rules is collapsing countries . 
  the camps in the region have barely enough resources to take care of the people over there . 
  they wo n't have the resources to take care of much more people . 
  in fact , the terrible conditions in the camps were the reason why many people left towards europe in the first place . 
  you might counter that europe can provide for these camps as our money is worth twenty times more over there . 
  that 's a fair point , but it doesnt match up with reality . 
  it was n't until shit really hit the fan in europe until countries were willing to pledge enough money for these programs . 
  as soon as there wo n't be any significant numbers of refugees in europe anymore ( i do not say that having few refugees is a bad thing ) , the willingness to spend money in the region , where it is actually needed , would decrease significantly . 
   we do n't owe these people a safe place in europe . 
  we do n't . 
  but this does not mean that we should not take care of at least some of them . 
   certainly not my region , we never exploited the third world , we did n't bring instability in this region , we need to primarely take care of ourselves and make sure that we have strict enough migration policy to prepare for the upcoming decades . 
  i think that is a shitty reason . 
  germany was n't involved in libya , germany was n't involved in the war in iraq . 
  we also did n't have that much colonies . 
  the right of asylum is not based on some principle of `` guilt '' . 
  it is based on a way of thinking that emphasizes human rights and dignity . 
  the countries taking in german refugees before and during world war two did not cause this mess in germany . 
  yet they opened their doors ( to a certain degree ) and saved large amounts of lives . 
  nobody would contest that it was the right thing to do . 
  in fact , it is quite the opposite - the countries who turned their back on refugees ( including the us , turning around ships full of jewish people fleeing europe ) are considered to have been on the wrong side of history and they have rightfully been criticized for it . 
  i do not argue that you should take in vasts amount of refugees . 
  but taking care of a few thousand people truely does n't do any harm to a country of your size . 
  and quite frankly , czechia is the most prosperous country in eastern europe at the moment . 
  your median wages are above the ones of italy ( in ppp ) , you gdp per capita is close to spain and italy . 
  it 's not like you are some shithole that does n't have money . 
   i 'm afraid that we might not be able to do that if we insist on the current asylum laws . 
  and i am afraid we are going to abolish a valuable principle because we fear for large numbers of refugees while there are other possibilites to limit the numbers . 
  -- -- -- okay , this has gotten quite long . 
  i hope i did not miss anything . 
  let me tell you that this will probably my last post for a few days , i unfortunately do not have the time to reply this weekend . 
  if you do not want to reply , that 's fine with me . 
  if you do , i 'll reply at the start of next week . 
  but i want to say a big thank you to you for replying and discussing in a very civil manner , it has gotten quite rare these days . 
  especially when talking about this topic .
