   what i 'm trying to say is that a man who 's trying to stop draghi from saving the eurozone economy wo n't do any help to the idea of a united europe , just that . 
  he is a fan of rules . 
  there is nothing wrong with demanding that draghi sticks to his mandate . 
  sch\u00e4uble might be a hardliner on certain topics , but he is no extremist . 
  even if it might be hard to believe for some , sch\u00e4uble is one of the most pro-european german politicians . 
  and by the way : there is a big difference between the eu and the eurozone here . 
  sch\u00e4uble would n't attempt to throw any country out of the eu . 
   adenauer became chancellor over 60 years ago and hillary and trump want to rule a nation across the atlantic , i do n't know if either qualifies as precedent . 
  i would say yes , i would say you overestimate the issue of age here . 
   furthermore sch\u00e4uble 's age is much more visible than hillary 's and trump 's . 
  sch\u00e4uble has proven that , despite his age and physical inabilities , he is more than capable of fulfilling the tasks that come with the office of chancellor ( when it comes to stamina , travelling , healthiness ) . 
   having said that , i believe that the grand coalition is going to continue after the next election and even if sch\u00e4uble was the union 's candidate and their votes tank they could probably still reach the 50 % threshold between cdu/csu and spd . 
  it is still a year to go , a lot can happen . 
  i think that it will either be another grand coalition or union/greens . 
  i would argue that sch\u00e4uble being the candidate would actually raise the majority for a grand coalition . 
  unlikely . 
  varoufakis becoming finmin in greece did n't get greece out of the euro , sch\u00e4uble becoming chancellor wo n't kill the union either . 
   it might be because i 'm not very fond of sch\u00e4uble to begin with but i imagine a lot of people ( including myself ) would be very cautious of a chancellor in his 70 's . 
  it 's not exaclty unprecedented however ( adenauer ) plus clinton ( 68 ) and trump ( 70 ) are n't much younger either . 
   and that 's if he wants to run and merkel does n't run , which i really do n't see happening . 
  i do n't see that happening either . 
  what 's strange about that ? 
   at least , this is how i sch\u00e4uble with my non-german eyes . 
  you underestimate how popular this guy is . 
  being tough on southern europe and balancing the budget has earned this guy a tremendous amount of respect in the german electorate . 
  he also enjoys good backing in his party and he ( obviously ) has a lot of experience . 
  so no , he would be a very serious candidate ( even more so if he was 15 years younger ) . 
  there are people in her party who would like to see her gone but they lack a serious candidate . 
  they hope for sch\u00e4uble , but sch\u00e4uble wo n't do it . 
  the next elections are in september 2017 , so she will in fact be in office for most of the next year no matter what . 
  and , if she decides to run , she will stay in office . 
  no he did n't . 
  he only dropped the cases in turkey - which is much more severe if we are honest . 
  the people that faced trial in turkey would have faced more severe punishment than b\u00f6hmermann . 
  thanks , but this still does n't mention what spiz mentioned . 
   there us : the same defeat device is used in 6 other manufacturers ' vehicles , but there set to activate based on time . 
  i doubt that it is ` the same ' defeat device . 
  many car makers play around with their software but they at least have `` valid '' arguments why they do it - e.g. 
  stopping exhaust cleaning when it gets too cold , arguing that this protects the motor . 
  vws system had no other purpose than cheating . 
   yet , only vw gets fined , and the fine is worse than gms fine for killing hundreds of people . 
  the gm case is a bit of a special case because of a special legal construction . 
  gm essentially went bankrupt a few years back and filed for chapter 11 insolvency . 
  a federal judge in the us ruled that they are thus protected from compensation claims . 
  i know what adblue is - but i still see no source for it being used fraudulently . 
   other companies seem to have legitimately low emissions during tests . 
  well , somewhat . 
  there is some trickery involved that rigs the test results , it just is less sophisticated than the defeat devices vw used . 
   entirely expected that normal use would lead to be associated with higher emissions not in these dimensions . 
  some fiats actually surpass the legal limits ( for regular testing ) 22 times . 
  i think it really is time to introduce tests that are actually a showcase of the reality . 
  this however would also mean settling for more realistic limits . 
   vw installed a small urea tank that would only be used when the car detected it was being tested . 
  a source on this ? 
  i have heared about a lot of computer trickery , but this is new to me . 
  i only know about eu tests , but the nox exhaust under real conditions has passed the legal limit ( for tests ) 22 times in some cases ( fiat ) . 
  i dont have the specific data for vw in the us , but if you have it : the actual exhaust was around 1700 mg of nox . 
  miles per gallon, 
   the germans are arguing that germans should be able to break laws everywhere and get away with it , while the laws are applied to everyone else . 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  it will be a fine thing if deutsche bank went bankrupt as a leson to them . 
  this is such a ridiculous statement i do n't even know where to start . 
  first of all , `` the germans '' are arguing no such thing . 
  two aged , third row politicians are arguing that way here . 
  and no , it would * not * be a `` fine thing '' if deutsche bank went bankrupt - db is one of the most interconnected banks in the world , db failing would drag a good part of the western economic world down . 
  nobody profits from db going bankrupt , except for maybe some hedgefunds making a profit off it . 
  i disagree . 
  companies should get a chance to rehabilitate themselves , be it through investments into clean motoring or by paying fines . 
  otherwise , following your logic , gm would be required to go out of business as well . 
  not even talking about the consequences such a decision would have - despite vw being a german company , they directly employ close to 10,000 people in your country , mostly in well-paying jobs . 
  plus those that are working for us-based suppliers . 
  there is no evidence of unjust treatment here . 
  as much as people want to spin it that way , vw really got caught outright cheating and lying about it . 
  they deserve to be punished for it . 
  nothing to see here . 
  just csu politicians being csu politicians . 
  i am seriously starting to become annoyed by english-speaking media calling everyone and their dog `` top [ insert country ] politicians '' . 
  ramsauer used to be minister of infrastructure but he did not recieve a minister office in this period . 
  his political career is pretty much over , his `` chairman title '' is the equivalent of a golden parachute , to save his face . 
  ferber used to be the head of the eu group of the csu ( which is still a rather small one ) , he does n't hold much influence either . 
  -- -- -- suggesting that this is any kind of warfare is just idiotic when you see that us banks were fined even bigger sums and it is not like db did n't do anything wrong . 
   in general , how do you feel about the subreddit ? 
  i would call it a love-hate relationship . 
  but overall , i still like it . 
   do you believe it is better or worse than a year ago ? 
  worse . 
  simply because many of the people that i really enjoyed having a discussion with on this sub have either unsubscribed or reduced their commenting by a lot . 
  on a more positive side , i 'd say that the moderating is smoother than a year ago ( since we have more mods now ) and there are less ( visible ) racist remarks . 
  either the quota has gone down or the mods are just very fast ( most of the time ) . 
   how do you feel about the moderation of the subreddit ? 
  i only had pleasant experiences with the mods . 
   do you think our rules are on the spot , overbearing or underwhelming ? 
  i 'm fine with the new rules . 
  hopefully , this will reduce the number of people complaining about ( in their mind unjustified ) removals . 
  ( realisticly , this wo n't happen though ) . 
   if you could change something in the subreddit , what would it be ? 
  remove it from being geodefault . 
  with the constant inflow of new members , the debate culture will naturally be lower . 
  i do n't advocate for turning / r/europe into an echo chamber ( again as some would argue ) but a million users ( which we will hit very soon ) is just too much . 
  i miss the old days where you could actually recognize most of the people posting and commenting , where people would n't get lost in arguments all the time .
