  and rightfully so . 
  and no , we should not change that . 
  the chance of a 16 year old being inable to comprehend the severity of his or her actions is much higher than your example . 
  we have to make a cut somewhere , this does not change my opinion on the usefulness of our approach . 
  and by the way - this approach is shared by quite a lot of countries around the globe . 
   the secondary goal was attention , and i happily left my signature for the case appearing in international news sources like bbc and in several reddit topics now , after collecting 90.000 signatures . 
  sometimes germans only appear to think about changes if other countries start to think badly about them . 
  the process got sufficient attention in national and international media . 
  petition or not . 
   again , this is not the first case of this kind , contrary to what you claim here . 
  where did i claim that ? 
  in this case , they should start a petition to change the criminal code . 
  or actually the special law on dealing with minors who committed crimes . 
  this is where their point should be . 
  we must not , under any circumstances , allow people to interfere with our judicial system . 
  and i have not contested that . 
  thing is : you can not really say this about * every * 16 year old . 
  have you actually ever been to a criminal court ? 
  trust me , you will see plenty of 20 year olds that are simply not capable of understanding the severity of their actions . 
  i am agreeing with our approach of flexibility for those aged 18-20 ( 22 in some cases ) - but even that creates a lot of controversy . 
  yeah , 14 in germany and austria , 10 in switzerland ( used to be 7 until 2007 ) , 10 in the uk . 
  the un advises not to burden children with criminal responsibility until the age of at least 12 . 
  this is n't even remotely comparable . 
  we do not have elements like this in germany . 
  petitions exercise no binding power whatsoever . 
  this petition is aiming ( even though it says it does n't ) at influencing the work of a state attorney . 
  something that is none of the business of the average citizen . 
  in fact , it is nobodys business apart from the state attorneys in higher positions . 
  by definition , everyone who is not an adult is a child . 
  14 is the closest to a `` child '' you will ever get in the criminal justice system - at least in germany . 
  criminal responsibility starts at that age here . 
  does n't change a thing . 
  it could be murder - the criminal court system treats minors differently . 
  and rightfully so . 
   where the crime was considered less severe because the murderer was said to be in a `` cultural dilemma '' ? 
  the reasoning for committing that crime is always part of the evaluation of a crime . 
  no matter if caused by a cultural dilemma or other things . 
  this is n't even close to what parent asked , by the way . 
  this is n't the case . 
  neither in austria nor in germany . 
  nor in any developed country as far as i am concerned . 
  dude just stop talking . 
  you are embarassing yourself . 
  and just to please you : independence probably has a greater economic effect , nevertheless the matter is easier to understand . 
  it wo n't . 
  pointless actionism as usual . 
  there is really no point in arguing with you . 
  you are stuck in a very narrow-minded approach to the issue and you do not even have any arguments other than the `` will of the people '' . 
  what you are saying about democracy is inaccurate . 
   needless to say , there were many things i disagreed with the brexit campaign about , but their point about `` human rights '' being driven to absurd levels in europe is a valid one . 
  of course , in both of these cases , this has nothing to do with the eu , but it is nevertheless a europe-wide phenomenon . 
  you know that the current law on rape is actually harsher than the law that was in place four decades ago ? 
  you know that minors have been treated differently when it comes to criminal offences since decades ? 
  this has literally * nothing * to do with the concept of `` human rights '' being applied differently today . 
  the judge is free to decide in the frame that has been granted to him by the law and if someone is dissatisfied , there is always the appeal . 
  i do have a lot of respect for you as a commenter on this sub even though our opinions differ , but this one is honestly bullshit . 
  what a lot of bullshit . 
  this petition has no meaning whatsoever . 
  the state attorney does not act because of some stupid ass petition . 
  this is up to the judges . 
  and if the state attorney is n't satisfied , there is always the mean of appeal . 
  everything is following due process . 
   they dont need to understand it . 
  do people properly understand independance referendums ? 
  no , but we let them vote . 
  it is easier to understand independence than it is to understand trade agreements , frankly spoken . 
   no but we let them vote . 
  i genuinely doubt that you will have a popular vote about it . 
   because unlike the 3rd german state ( and aparently also the 4th ) we are a democratic country we are a properly democratic country . 
  again , i fundamentally disagree . 
  there is no point in letting people vote about something they really do n't understand properly . 
  not in a representative democracy . 
  we elect representatives due to the mentioned reasons . 
  we have neither the time nor the education to make qualified decisions about everything - hence why we entrust our leaders with making these decisions . 
   proof enouth that people dont want any of this crap ? 
  yes , but i dont give a fuck anyways . 
  most people do not even understand ceta , yet are opposed to it . 
  now that is 1000 times better than what you previously provided . 
   i have looked at most of the isds cases against canada . 
  most of them relate to how canada wanted to ban a dangerous material since many studies and reports pointed that it was hazardous to human health , and those corporations successfully sued canada , forcing it to import those products anyway . 
  other cases relate to canada trying to protect environmentally-fragile areas from mining or other activities which damage the environment , and they were sued because it interfered with corporate profits . 
  one egregious case relates to a company who closed down all its operations and left the country , firing off all its workers , and not paying them their owed salaries or fulfilling its social security and pension obligations . 
  it then turned around and sued the canadian government to claim compensation for the `` water and timber rights '' it left behind when it left the country . 
  you totally missed the problem in the quoted cases . 
  for example the mmt case ( ethyl v. canada ) - canada did not ban the product but the import of it . 
  following the legislation , producing and selling mmt in canada was completely fine as long as you produced it in canada . 
  making it a clear measure of protectionism . 
  according to canadian courts , there were `` clear indicators that the measure was driven by protectionism rather than environmental protection '' . 
   other cases , which you may call `` discrimination , '' have to do with the government requiring foreign entities to invest some of their profits into the local economy , with things like research and innovation , i.e. 
  point me at such a case . 
   i 'm firmly of the belief that corporations and business in general should exist to , in some way , serve the community , and not only extract everything it can . 
  isds favours companies too much , and is n't required in the developed world . 
  as i said , the mmt case alone proves that this is n't the case . 
  or the loewen case for that matter . 
  if you insist that your rights are respected ( that you are treated the same way as a domestic company ) , this does n't equal `` extracting everything they can '' . 
  i did not say that politics should be based on these polls . 
  i am quite thankful for the gift of parliamentary democracy because , if we are honest , most voters do not have a single fucking clue about most issues our politicians are dealing with . 
  if you however want to know whether the population of a country , no matter the issue , is opposed to something , polls are a valid tool to find out . 
  i disagree . 
  elections are about more than just agreement or disagreement with ceta .
