  a medium-sized enterprise will usually not even be worth that money . 
  comparing raw numbers like this is extremely pointless . 
  it 's like saying : companies worth a billion dollars gain 100 million extra due to this trade treaty while companies worth ten millions only gain one million . 
  we would likely not have the rules for parties if not for our experiences with the past . 
  i however do not think that it is essential for a democracy to have rules like this . 
  no matter what one thinks of the npd , they accomplished pretty much nothing , despite holding a few seats in parliaments . 
  banning them wo n't change much for democracy . 
   i do n't think corbyn changes things , he is just a temporary moment of madness that we will all laugh about in due course . 
  i really do have trouble imagining the uk lead by him . 
  it would just feel ... wrong . 
  i do n't know . 
   it is never final , finished and certain . 
  but sometimes , history and politcs repeat themselves : in 1992 , we were in a similar situation as today . 
  we had the [ highest number of asylum applications ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-05/bitblt-820x701-a292c9fbfa7260e590983a96e344d0ab288879f1/jaehrliche-asylantraege-deutschland.jpg ) we had seen at that point and the republicans reached 11 % in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , exactly like the afd will in this election ( they are polling at 11 % ) . 
  they still got 9 . x % in 1996 but below 5 % in 2001 . 
  [ this pretty much shows it ] ( http://www.morgenpost.de/img/vermischtes/crop206722441/8352606295-w820-cv16_9-q85/damals2c-936a806d-f22e-477a-8516-53d5a19279a3.jpg ) - this was 20 years ago , in 1995 . 
  translation : * bomb attack in paris metro * tightened border controls in france * seehofer demands cuts in benefits for asylum seekers * discussion about taking in refugees sounds familiar , does n't it ? 
   i 'd say it is partly the voting system ( which encourages centrist positions in fptp ) and partly national character and history , with british people having a big distrust of ideology . 
  well , is n't corbin an example for this changing however ? 
  from what i have read , there is quite a bit of ideology involved there . 
   that 's interesting : we do n't have a constitutional court in the uk so everything is constitutional  and there are n't really limits on parties in that way . 
  well , our constitution says this :  ( 2 ) parties that , by reason of their aims or the behaviour of their adherents , seek to undermine or abolish the free democratic basic order or to endanger the existence of the federal republic of germany shall be unconstitutional . 
  the federal constitutional court shall rule on the question of unconstitutionality . 
  this really is a very narrow window for allowing bans . 
  so far , we have seen two bans , both in the 50s - the communist party ( replacing democracy by the rule of the proletariat is n't really democratic ) and a nazi party ( that wanted to rid germany of the jews , however not by killing them ; they also did not recognize the legitimacy of the federal republic ), 
  there is a difference between militant movements and democratic parties . 
  the eastern bloc is history . 
   i largely agree with this , but prefer the second alternative ( as elections are not just about choosing a government but also about choosing a legislature ) . 
  i actually prefer the third version : one debate for all parties , one debate for the top contenders . 
   here i think a difference in approach between what works in the uk and what works in germany is to do with our different histories and cultures . 
  it might also have to do with the voting system . 
  a nazi party would never have the chance to win an election in the uk due to fptp while they at least might get a seat without high levels of support in a specific area in a system of proportional representation . 
   we do n't have any far right / neo nazi political parties in the uk any more well , we still have the npd , but they are barely worth mentioning anymore . 
  they lost most of their voters to the afd ( as the afd becomes more and more right-wing , this is also why many people are suspicious ) , they are pretty much bankrupt and they are facing liquidation due to the party being unconstitutional ( it 's under examination by the constitutional court currently . ), 
  so we rank # 1 in exactly one out of nine main categories and somehow are # 1 in total as a result ? 
  this is pretty stupid . 
  actually , ratings like this in general are pretty stupid . 
  [ here is the direct link to the ranking , for anybody interested ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/overall-full-list ), 
  i would say : either you invite only the two top contenders for office or you invite everybody that has a realistic chance of getting into the parliament . 
  there must not be a selection bias ( however i would absolutely agree with an exclusion of our neo nazi party even if they had a chance ) . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  i do not think that the state of affairs is good . 
  threatening not to attend the debate is a pretty weak move , questionable at best . 
  if you believe that your arguments are superior ( as you should when you are in the business of politics ) , you should be grateful for the opportunity to win the debate with good arguments , showing that the other party 's positions lack substance . 
  it 's a tough decision for the broadcaster . 
  let 's hope this does n't become the norm , no matter how much i dislike the afd . 
  in my book , being anti war , anti military , anti defense treaties is pretty unique to left parties . 
  at least for baden-w\u00fcrttemberg the problem is not the spd but the greens as the spd has no chance to lead a government anyways ( it is the only state led by the greens ) . 
  pretty left . 
  get out of nato , nationalize banks and important industries , stop funding the military , raise the minimum wage , etc. 
  this is the program of the nationwide part , its local branches tend to be a bit more realistic . 
  unfortunately few people are willing to hold up the principle of the rule of law for everyone as we have seen here on / r/europe yesterday . 
  this does not make it less valid to hold up this principle . 
  few people really understand the laws they are living by , this does to deprive the laws of legitimacy . 
  you are still comparing apples with pears . 
  as i said , no law was broken . 
  and even if it was , it would still be correct to criticize the polish government for endangering basic democratic principles . 
  if you want to have a decent case for a constitution limiting the government , look at the german constitutional court . 
  it has worked very well for decades now . 
  i am attacking you because you are blaming my county for a violation of a law that is n't a violation and use this ` case ' to justify an obvious violation of a constitution . 
  the u.k. is one of the very few countries in the world where the parliament truly rules supreme , most other countries prefer checks and balances including a constitutional court . 
  and if that system is working , a government can * not * do whatever it wants , it is bound to act within the set limits of the constitution . 
  dublin essentially said : here are the principles that shall apply ; only the first state is responsible for processing asylum claims . 
  if a secondary state chooses to process someone however , that state is free to do so . 
  entirely different the polish constitution . 
  it does n't have a provision that says : the constitution applies unless the government does n't want that . 
  it might be a concept that is hard to understand for a brit , but the constitution rules supreme . 
  or at least it should be , by design . 
  because it makes the institution of a constitutional court entirely worthless . 
  no constitutional court in the world has such a requirement , and for good reason . 
  well , appointing more judges than you are allowed to is unconstitutional . 
  you should probably * read * dublin before you make ridiculously wrong claims like this . 
  well , they have some interests that require our support . 
  what about the poor danes going to germany for their beer purchases ? 
  well , this would mean that things are exactly the same as they are now . 
   3 b from many countries is nothing compared to what the costs of hosting migrants is , in germany even , based on what i 've read . 
  correct , but it is still a lot of money . 
   pay turkey 3b if they stop helping migrants to come to european shores . 
  well , here 's the problem : turkey wants to see money first , greece wants to see results before they pay , italy wants assurance that the money is n't included in the maastricht deficite , countries not affected directly are reluctant . 
  honestly , the most likely scenario at this point is germany losing patience and paying the 3 billion alone just to get things started already . 
  this would be prone to abuse . 
   central bank dances to germany 's tune pretty much all recent decisions were made against germany 's will . 
  if you are talking about the legal basis the ecb is operating on , you are correct though . 
  there wo n't be another million . 
  in fact , over 300,000 people are n't even eligible for asylum or refugee status ( talking about the million in 2015 ) . 
  people that cant support themselves financially do n't have a chance to obtain citizenship . 
  and the spending will be tolerable . 
  the number of unemployed people dropped by over two millions in the last ten years . 
  meaning that even if all of the people that came here have to rely on welfare , it would not be that drastic . 
  well , the people who have money or a decent health plan in their job package get excellent healthcare . 
  in my opinion , the problem lies with jobs that pay less or for the people that are unemployed . 
  additionally , health insurances with a cap are ridiculous . 
  they certainly pay too much for what they get though . 
  accurate . 
  this however puts the us en par with or above most european states . 
  * us : 47 % public , 17.1 % total -  8 % * germany : 76.8 % public , 11.3 % total -  8.6 % * finland : 75.3 % public , 9.4 % total -  7 % * sweden : 81.5 % public , 9.7 % total -  7.9 %, 
  he 's far less powerful than merkel or sch\u00e4uble despite being vice chancellor . 
  however i dont see a problem here as something like this can only be announced with the backing of merkel . 
   the last decade started with the asymmetric shocks in the eurozone , so this is an extraordinary situation true . 
  the eurozone has problems .
