  we wont kill schengen for this . 
  securing the outter borders should be the goal , not the inner ones . 
  the swiss havent gotten shit for quite a while now . 
   at what stage does the financial crisis become systemic though ? 
  it has been upon us for years and years now . 
  perhaps crisis is now the new normal ? 
  this is a good question . 
  and we unfortunately cant rule out any further economic shocks either . 
  it is true that the modus operandi of the eu has been ` crisis crisis crisis ' for almost a decade now . 
  i however dont believe that we will stay in an economic slump forever . 
   this is interesting because conventional economic wisdom in the uk and the us was that qe was helpful . 
  ( i 'm interested to read different views though . ), 
  if qe is not the answer for the ez , what is the answer ? 
  the issue lies in the arsenal of tools of central bankers : they are somewhat limited . 
  japan has been running qe for quite a while now , their current programme is comparable to the one of the ez in size while their bip is about half that of the ez . 
  qe is certainly not a solution for everything . 
  the problem further lies with the ecb being afraid to increase the prime rate , fearing to kill any economic development in the countries severely hit by the ez crisis . 
  i am very curious to see how the dollar develops once the fed decides to increase their rate ( december if i am not mistaken ) . 
  other alternatives are helicopter money and direct spending through the ecb , but i dont think thats realistic . 
  so , muslim refugees = cancer now ? 
  especially considering that this powerhouse accounts for almost 30 % of their im - and exports . 
  the membership has surely been benefitial to them . 
  it just shifts on occasion . 
  i think brits , germans and greeks ( and eu officials ) are on the top of the list . 
  come on , dont fall into stereotypes . 
  while a lot of the problems were home-grown , the structure of the ez which was mainly designed to match germanys needs certainly benefited the situation getting worse . 
  the people in question were supposedly born in europe ... mogherini said that all identified individuals had belgish or french citizenship . 
  i wouldnt say that it is systematic in the eu either . 
  up until the financial crisis , we were constantly at a very healthy rate . 
  it is somewhat natural to the nature of a currency union with struggling and partly even contracting economies to have a low inflation . 
  i would locate the issue at the ineffectiveness of qe . 
  its impact on the real world inflation is pretty minor while it is propping up the banking sector and the internal inflation of the financial sector quite a lot . 
  we will see how it plays out in the future with the struggling economies ( hopefully ) recovering at some point in time . 
  they had in germany aswell . 
  come on , you cant blame the current generation for that . 
  this is equal to a contest who had the worse post-war architects , dont you think ? 
  so far , we havent had terrorism from refugees . 
  if people want to attack here , they surely dont need refugees for that . 
  link ? 
  what is another solution though ? 
  it is pretty obvious that greeces capacities are on the verge of collapsing . 
  because every refugee is a terrorist . 
  and it is not like the people that are here currently couldnt get into your country without you noticing you anyways . 
  this is not our decision to make though ? 
  hungary is a souvereign nation that can close its borders , especially since schengen explicitly wants to secure the outter borders . 
  borders to other eu counries being something else . 
  please tell me how a few thousand refugees in poland would ` fuck up the entirety of europe ' . 
  we fucked ourselves with post-war architecture too . 
  many cities around europe even demolished their old structure to build this ugly shit . 
  uh what ? 
  where do you get that from ? 
  the quotas were not about germany , but about italy , greece and hungary . 
  we along with other countries . 
  france for example . 
  the thing is : the decision is not even about alleviating the pressure on germany , it was solely about helping italy , greece and hungary . 
  since we came to a result , i wouldnt say the political capital was ` misused ' . 
  partly . 
  it however should be clear that even the countries that have an independent central bank without these boundaries are struggling with ( a lack of ) inflation , the uk and the us are sitting at -0.1 and 0.0 currently . 
  refugees and migrants came here in large numbers even before the statement in question ( germany alone had over 300k in 2015 before that statement ) . 
  we said that we would * process * the requests of all syrians ( who , at that time , were about 30 % of asylum seekers ) . 
  yes , the statement quite possibly increased the numbers but it in no way caused it . 
  far from that . 
  the difference is that you have any major player in europe on germanys side , contrary to the palestine resolutions . 
  its like blaming the italians for having low inflation in the ez since mario draghi is italian . 
  or blaming poland for what tusk does . 
  nobody would do so . 
  most people simply dont care . 
  of course it is . 
  but its kind of unfair to shift the blame on it on germany when there was a significant majority in the eu backing the proposal . 
  because that means so much . 
  especially given the political background of / r/de . 
  then direct it at schulz and not at the germans . 
  this comparison is entriely stupid . 
  this is some next level conspiracy shit . 
  nobody seriously even wants to get rid of the bases . 
  they are posing no threat to us . 
  germany was n't the only proponent of the quotas . 
  the assumption that we could force something against the will of a majority of eu nations is just wrong . 
  i never claimed that we are all of equal influence in the eu ? 
  it however should be clear that germany alone can not force anything through the eu . 
  it needs quite a few more nations . 
  which makes playing the blame game on germany pretty ridiculous . 
  germany is n't sanctioning anyone . 
  the eu is . 
  sanctions are not-discriminatory by the way . 
  plus , quite frankly , the ` sanctions ' are laughable . 
  i dont know how you can come to the assumption that we would force something on you ? 
  we will surely use political influence to get a majority for our policies . 
  but everybody does that , even you . 
  use of influence is nothing new . 
  what you ( or your politicians to me more precise ) are demanding here is that we dont even criticize your decisions . 
  we ( aswell as you ) are a free nation and are allowed to criticize any other nation as it pleases . 
  grow up !, 
  schulz is not a representant of any state , man . 
   so maybe your politics shall consider what they talk publicly ? 
  dude , again . 
  schulz is * not * a representative of germany . 
  it is our goddamn right to say that we would like it if poland took part in sharing the burden , the decision is yours . 
   biased articles in the press , etc !, 
  freedom of the press .
