  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  no submissions are approved automatically . 
  there are two kinds of submissions : those that trigger the automod ( certain keywords ) are temporarily removed and put up for manual approval , those that do not trigger the automod stay up and us approving them will not have any public effect . 
  we are not actively trying to do anything in this regard . 
  it just can happen that posts dont get approved for a few hours since nobody is online . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
   where the same applies . 
  wrong . 
  that 's just not accurate . 
   those are poor and unstable countries , but people there are not living on the front line , with bullets whizzing past them and bombs falling from the sky , as the narrative goes . 
  to put things into perspective : poland and afghanistan have approximately the same population , and last year 's civilian casualties in afghanistan match the number of road deaths in poland . 
  in other words , living in afghanistan is as dangerous as being a motorist in poland , or even safer if you consider that not every pole is a motorist . 
  you can not make that comparison . 
   oh , they without a question are violated as the rights are understood by left-wingers these days . 
  living in anywhere outside the eu is obviously a violation of human rights , since they wo n't have as good `` opportunities '' there . 
  but it 's a stupid standard that 's already past its prime . 
  what matters is what the courts decide , not what people of some political couleur say . 
  most refugees are from syria , iraq and afghanistan . 
  you are trying to shift the focus away from what matters . 
  and what 's even more funny is that you already went from `` lets get rid of human rights '' to a more sensible `` human rights are not violated by deportations to that country '' . 
  migration is not a human right . 
  we are talking about deportations to war zones here - which is not even close to the question you are presenting . 
  that 's all you are able to offer ? 
  weak argument . 
  the comparison simply does n't match and i do not even know why you are arguing this . 
  again - nobody is considering to do that . 
  what you personally want does n't matter . 
  and i am pretty confident that the general populace of europe is in favour of these basic human rights . 
  our forefathers have suffered a lot on the pathway to these rights . 
   maybe for ee nations as most migrants and refugees dont want to go there , but not for nordic countries , not even for germany . 
  the influx into the nordic countries is n't that big anymore and the influx is still rather large , but not unmanageable for us . 
  this is missing the point however - he talked about his country ( slovenia ) where they neither have an already large refugee population nor a large influx today . 
   again the cost are cumulative , if one year costs 1 billion , the another will likely cost approximately same for the same people , now add that times 10 , or 50 . 
  of course the ratio and cost are not always the same , but only roughly . 
  it does n't work that way with refugees . 
  the calculation takes too many things out of the equation - including people going back and refugees finding work . 
  apples and oranges . 
  the values of basic human rights are recognized and respected everywhere in the western world . 
  nobody that is serious is even suggesting to touch these principles . 
  deportations in war areas will not happen and that 's good . 
  again , considering slovenia ( where the guy i was replying to is from ) , we are talking about 1,500 * applications * within the two worst years in recent history ( in terms of refugee flows to europe ) . 
  that 's likely not even 1,000 accepted applications in total . 
  you are not seriously going to claim that it is impossible for the government of a country with a gdp of above 40 billions to manage that . 
  these levels are perfectly sustainable . 
  once more , they are not up for negotiation . 
  and that 's good . 
  low levels like this ? 
  this actually does n't even have a measurable effect on the budget of the country . 
  and refugees ! = immigration . 
  immigration can very well pay for itself . 
  once more : this is about relocating refugees from greece and italy , not about relocation of refugees from germany . 
  i am starting to doubt whether you are capable of understanding what i am writing . 
  source and time of publication ? 
  mister , the words say nothing that contradicts my point . 
  the same applies to actual actions of my government . 
  you obviously do no have a fucking clue about the issue . 
   as in , i 'd open up refugee camps in europe and stop giving people the sort of asylum that grants them welfare and access to job market , healthcare and education . 
  would be illegal and also not desirable . 
  keeping people in camps without health care or education will cause exactly two things : radicalization and crime . 
   for me , absolutely not and i 'll vote accordingly . 
  i have no desire to share my country with these people in the long term . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  your country recieved a whopping 1500 applications over the course of the last two years . 
  you probably would n't even notice if you would n't read about it . 
   which is why i 'd reform it . 
  again , this is nothing that can be `` reformed '' . 
  this is basic human rights and they are not up for negotiation in democratic countries . 
  not even countries like hungary are trying to send people back to syria . 
  additionally , you would need to get rid of state souvereignty to do something of this kind . 
   refugee camps ? 
  are you talking about refugee camps in europe or about refugee camps in the region here ? 
   its current form is n't really sustainable . 
  the current influx is perfectly sustainable for europe . 
   those that fit and are considered a positive addition to the society . 
  and you want to grant them what exactly ? 
   within the current agreements , no . 
  but i would n't be willing to host them forever . 
  this is not about agreements . 
  no country that has the rule of law is deporting into outright war areas - and rightfully so . 
  and not hosting people forever is kind of an integral part of a refugee system . 
   i wish germany simply opened up camps ( yeah i know . . history , etc. ), 
  and settled migrants there in tents even if you put history aside , it would n't be legal . 
  you can not put people in prison-like camps for years . 
   suspended the asylum system would be stupid as fuck . 
  the system has very good reasons for its existence . 
   then cherry picked people from camps . 
  for what exactly ? 
   and pretty much that 's what eu should have done , simple suspended the whole system instead of borders . 
  what are you going to do with people over here ? 
  you can not deport them to syria . 
  `` suspending the asylum system '' changes nothing in this regard . 
  to be frank , it is more desirable to have a million asylum seekers than having a million illegals . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it lacks necessary context or fundamental information like what , when , where . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may add context and other necessary information in a comment to have this submission relisted .
