  i think there are quite some other countries that ` profited ' and not only ` gained benefits ' . 
  also , i think it is a terrbile mistake to reduce the eu to the financial crisis . 
  you said  he was right so you somewhat agree with him despite claiming otherwise . 
  you know that workup of what happened between 1933 and 1945 did not really start before 1968 ? 
  none of the people that claimed such are alive anymore and i have never heared their opinion repeated . 
  i am not disputing the fact that germany profited the most from the eu economy-wise . 
  it however it is wrong that * only * germany is benefiting . 
  even your country , despite the position it is in currently , ` profited ' from much lower borrowing costs for years . 
  plus the non-economical advantages of the eu are affecting everyone , even in the crisis-ridden countries . 
   i think free travel , erasmus , free trade of goods and a single currency are pretty awesome , even with the flaws . 
  the eu has pushed for more consumer rights in almost every area , the non-discrimination laws based on sexuality , race , gender etc. 
  that are in place now are all work of the eu ( i know there have been laws of this kind before , the eu took it a step further ) . 
  we had peace for 70 years now , unprecedented in previous times . 
  europe is , for the first time in centuries , speaking with one voice ( mainly ) in many areas , improving the power and standing greatly . 
  we see unprecedented increases in joint research and developments . 
  germany might be the one benefitting the most in terms of economy , this however does not say that no other country has economic advantages , plus the non-economic advantages are universal . 
  a ) the * bahn website * is available in english b ) booking cross-country fares with the * bahn * , especially starting in prague , is complicated as the trains from prague are not operated by db and have ticket prices in czech crowns . 
  this guy always talks a lot of nonsense , nothing significant to see here . 
  well , they at least could use the accurate german flag : / the thing is - why even bother dispaying these posters in germany ? 
  if there are two countries who know that the camps were * not * polish , it would be germany and poland . 
  there is no need to raise awareness of this issue here . 
  if you are frustrated by it , just write to the newspapers who write these articles , usually they will apologize and correct their mistake - they are usually not that aware of the problem since it is pretty clear that the german readers will understand it properly . 
  well , there are still israelis who think the same about germany ... 
  he is not confusing anything , he is just a troll . 
  wasnt it you who posted this bullshit thread saying that everything about the eu was shit and that only germany is profiting ? 
  are you sure ? 
  well , show me one article that makes the connection of `` polish death camps '' and `` polish antisemitism '' . 
  you compare apples with pears here . 
  if someone talked about `` cuban terrorist suspect prison guantanamo bay '' , everybody would know that it is an us camp and not being operated by cuba . 
  the truth about ww2 and the concentration camps is freely available on the internet and these camps being german is n't disputed in any countrys history lessons ( if they teach ww2 ) . 
  if someone makes his opinion on an issue because of a * single term * ( `` polish death camps '' ) , education has failed that person . 
  this has nothing to do with not fighting . 
  if the society fails to educate their children what happened in ww2 , some billboards wont fix that . 
  if you think that poland killed the jews and not the germans because you read the term ` polish death camps ' , i question your intelligence . 
  given that we have 329 daily newspapers , that is not a lot . 
  and i can assure you that none of these articles actually meant that the camps were polish . 
  this is completely irrelevant as the theory of odious debts is not recognized by international law . 
  it also can only be declared from a position of power , a position greece is n't in . 
  if they stop paying their debts , it is a default , no matter if the debt was ` illegal ' by their law or not . 
  to draw a comparison with a ` normal ' bank loan : if you lend money from your bank and the contract that this loan is based on is void , you dont get to keep the money without compensation . 
  also , i am amazed how a simple parliament committee can declare actions of the ecb ` illegal ' when the ecj confirmed just yesterday that they were legal . 
  the imf is bound to its own rules , greece doesnt hold the power to determine whether the imf has violated them or not . 
  i would go on , but there is actually so much bulls ** t written in that article/report . 
  i was talking about that particular girl . 
  i doubt that she got her opinion because she read the term ` polish concentration camp ' somewhere in a newspaper . 
  well , it is very useful if someone with a lot of credibility brings two opposing parties together for negotiations . 
  unlike many other international leaders , the pope pursues no hidden interests with proposing such a thing . 
  even if you are a communist and atheist , you can have respect for such a man/the institution . 
  john paul ii . 
  visited cuba in 1998 . 
  i do not think that there would be any mutual trust left after a grexit . 
  thus destroying the basis for the work of the eu . 
  i also think that it would be hard to justify that greece gets eu payments after defaulting to the countries that pay these funds . 
  education will be better for that reason than focussing on peripheral issues like this . 
  i 'd argue that the money for this campaign would be better spend in education . 
  when reading about ` polish death camps ' you will only get the impression that they were polish when you are completely uneducated on the issue . 
  and rightfully so . 
  you should also make sure to introduce a toll for your streets , so you profit if we want to * pass through * some time again . 
  he seems to be the most liberal pope we have seen in ages , also he seems to be a man of the people . 
  he got rid of all that gold and glitter but prefers the simple clothes of a monk ( in white though ) . 
  he drives around in an old car and got rid of that bullet-proof-container called * papamobile * . 
  it is said that he played an important role in the us and cuba normalizing their relations . 
  guys - please look at the other answers , this is the third time i get this response . 
  thanks anyways, 
  this is / r/europe and not / r/globaloffensive or / r/csgolounge, 
  i think the pope is pretty positively seen all over europe , no matter the religiousity of the country . 
  and this helps whom ? 
  certainly not the people that once possessed these goods . 
  i know that you are pissed about the british museum incident . 
  however , todays society is enriched by the fact that you can actually learn and see about foreign culture and heritage in museums , even if that country is thousands of miles from you . 
  what would be the advantage of all this stuff being returned to their country of origin ? 
  the museums cant display everything anyways and there is no point in displaying the same stuff multiple times . 
  it would just lead to it either rotting in some hidden archive where nobody ever gets to see it or in the hands of your local people/traders which is in no way better than in the hands of foreign traders . 
  this however is ignorance and lack of education . 
  this will not be fixed with semantic accuracy in newspapers . 
  from what i have read in this article this is more of an international issue than an issue with the german media , most mentions here talk about english-speaking media . 
  the thing with the ` dual meaning ' is - most germans today fail to know where the former death camps were located , nevertheless no one disputes that they were build and operated by ( mainly ) the germans . 
  considering that background , the use of the term ` german concentration camp in poland '' is just unnecessary and extremely inconvenient when you could just say `` polish kz '' while everybody ( at least here ) understands what is meant . 
  i acknowledge that it can easily be misunderstood though . 
  they * think * they are mistaken for oppresors while i am sure 99 % of that articles just use the term as a geographic description , assuming that their audience knows that the camps were german . 
  i disagree with this standpoint . 
  with that reasoning , anything that is old and originates in a different country should be handed back ( ? ) . 
  a meaningful display of your cultural patrimony is possible without possessing * everything * that was part of your country once . 
  if you were stripped of all reliquies or memorabilia , it is different , but this is not the case here as far as i am aware . 
  i think 99 % of germans understand it this way . 
  if you are unfimilar with the german language , you might get a wrong assumption of the meaning . 
  i found that myself by now , thanks . 
  however , that was 7 years ago , why do they start such a campaign * now * ? 
  it almost seems to me like a more severe version of `` its the netherlands and not holland '' . 
  i guess ` polish concentration camp ' is open to interpretation for people unfamiliar with our language , however i think pretty much everyone here would just understand it as ' a concentration camp in poland ' , nobody would deny that these were german ( asides from some shitheads ) . 
  the sentence in question is removed and only listed in the correction at the bottom . 
  translation : * `` in the first , now corrected version of this article , we wrote about the `` former polish concentration camp majdanek '' . 
  this is wrong , majdanek was in fact a german concentration camp that the ss set up in occupied poland at the order of heinrich himmler '' * this is pretty much the only incident that i found . 
  if that * is * the only one , they made a mountain out of a molehill , judging by this campaign . 
  maybe in the * neue freiheit * or some stuff of that sorts , but certainly not in the major ` credible ' newspapers . 
  not really . 
  what else should be done with that goods ? 
  i can actually understand that you are pissed when someone claims your nation/citizens are responsible for something while you were actually at the other end of it . 
  exactly , i was just responding to parent . 
  this is not about being ` good for germany ' but rather about legal certainty .
