  with certainty , the cdu would immediately drop at least 5 % the day she resigned . 
  merkel opens the cdu to many people that would usually vote spd instead of cdu . 
   granted she 's down now her approval ratings are picking up again , and she is still far more popular than other people in her position have ever been ( hollande for example would kill for her current approval ratings ) . 
   the spd is completely incompetent with aged leaders that could n't connect with younger generations if their lives depended on it . 
  steinmeier is extremely popular amongst all ages . 
  he would have a decent shot in an election where he does n't face merkel . 
   the fdp is useless . 
  the new personnel is doing better hower . 
  we will have to see how it develops . 
   that leaves the greens ( who ca n't seem to build off of their popularity in bw and extend it elsewhere ) you can not build off popularity if you are going the opposite way . 
   die linke ( who have a measured level of popularity but will not even come close to federal governance as long as there are people still alive that associate them with the sed ) the problem is less that they have the connection to the sed than their personnel . 
  half of their mps is unwilling or uncapable of entering a coalition . 
   afd ( constant unfortunate increases in popularity ) . 
  actually , they have no real poll gains . 
  they poll around 10 % for three months now , with no clear tendency . 
   when you put it all out like that , it does seem like germany is headed towards an unfortunate and uncomfortable direction . 
  once merkel steps down ( for whatever reason ) , the cdu will shift to the right , taking votes back from the afd , giving back votes for the spd . 
  i am not worried . 
   the elections in bw in 2011 were 2 weeks after fukushima happened they were also still in the context of s21 . 
  double bonus for the greens . 
  but - and that is not to be underestimated - they significantly increased their polling during the last four years . 
   the only real authority within cdu is sch\u00e4uble , right ? 
  at least the only authority that would have the backing and spine to stand up to merkel . 
  plus good approval ratings in the population ( he 's # 2 after steinmeier ) . 
   but he is n't getting any younger ... age is n't the problem , really . 
  he is about the same age as adenauer when he first took office . 
  and adenauer went on being chancellor for 14 years - he was 87 when he left office . 
  it is unlikely though . 
  sch\u00e4uble was pretty positive and supporting towards merkel in recent interviews . 
  well , many conservatives would be okay with that . 
  wolf would be done in this case though . 
   the spd would be really retarded to accept that coalition and probably also fuck over the greens , who are at this point their biggest allies . 
  it 's more about factual necessities . 
  the most recent polls indicate that it will be incredibly close . 
  forgrw puts greens + spd at 46 % with 8 % of votes not going to parties in the parliament . 
  should green-red fail to get a majority , things get tricky . 
  the fdp already ruled out green-red-yellow , the cdu ruled out green-black . 
  nobody wants to enter a coalition with the afd . 
  black-red-yellow would be the only viable option left in this case . 
   i live in germany  does n't say much in this regard . 
  there are enough germans that are afraid of mosques and minarets without having seen one in germany . 
   are n't building permits what we 're really talking about ? 
  what the afd wants is a complete ban . 
  something that is entirely unnecessary and stupid . 
  the normal building permits pretty much ensure that there wo n't be any buildings that are utterly dominating a skyline , no matter of what nature . 
  hamburgs skyline will continue to be dominated by the churches ( and the elbphilharmonie ) , berlins skyline will continue to be dominated by the television tower . 
  in smaller cities , it seriously is no concern . 
  they usually dont ' t even have something that would be worth calling `` skyline '' . 
   but i love german and european culture . 
  it 's something special and its worth protecting . 
  if the european and german culture relies on having no mosques present , they surely are in a sad state . 
  if we are honest , the skylines of most of our cities are dominated by extremely impressing churches , it seriously is impossible that a minaret even comes close to that . 
   of course , that must be balanced with everyone 's right to assemble and practice their religion . 
  if you wanted to build a church somewhere and people would tell you to build it without the tower , you would be pissed too . 
   but i find minarets to be too imposing . 
  take hamburg for example : [ mosque in st. georg ] ( http://hacking-the-city.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/may-i-paint-your-minaret_red.jpg ) - its a few hundred meters from the main station and you wont notice it unless you are really looking for it . 
  and this is already one of the bigger ones . 
  there seriously is no threat to anything . 
   they 're less about the people inside the mosque and more about the people outside the mosque . 
  so are church towers . 
  its a goddamn building that does not oppress anyone . 
  if it comes to a prayer called over speakers from that tower - we can talk about that . 
  but the minarets alone - come on . 
  they are better looking than many buildings that were built in the 70s which are of the same heigth . 
   i would not allow them in their traditional form . 
  come on , its a building . 
  it seriously poses no threat to nobody . 
   minarets at the same height as the steeple will massively alter the identity of the town . 
  that would require a few things that are unlikely : a building permission for a building that high ( most cities have banned tall buildings , no matter the nature of that building ) and , more importantly , the funds . 
  there are few muslim communities in smaller cities big enough to fund a mosque with minarets this big . 
  you should look up the mosques that are existing in germany , they are seriously not having an impact on the skyline of the cities . 
   they have basically lost baden-w\u00fcrttemberg to the greens , who will have like 36 % of the votes . 
  there is potential for the `` germany-coalition '' though , depending on how it plays out . 
  if they can rise into power again , that would already be a success , no matter whether they are the strongest party or not . 
  true . 
  but it is a tradeoff for the union - merkel gives votes from people that would normally not vote cdu , merkel loses votes on the more conservative side . 
  and it is also not said that the afd will actually be able to activate all of this potential - radical people like h\u00f6cke make the party unelectable for people that would otherwise vote for a more conservative party in a heartbeat . 
   these topics took a back seat at best , and he made pretty clear that the party was about economics/euroskepticism first under him . 
  that 's pretty much one of the main reason he was ousted in the first place . 
  i would argue that he left because he did not agree with radical positions becoming en vogue inside his party . 
  and i think you are overestimating the importance of the topic at that time . 
  lucke left the afd months before merkels infamous statement ( without judgement on whether that statement actually caused something major ) , at a time where the overwhelming majority of germans still were in favour of the governments acting on the refugee crisis , at a time where you could not win many votes by going harder on these topics . 
  it was clearly shown : after lucke left , the party continued to have bad polling for months ( [ forsa poll result history ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/forsa.htm ) ) . 
  the party started picking up once the dimensions of the refugee streams increased significantly , when authorities in parts of the country started to worry about their ability to cope with the influx . 
  they would probably have recieved roughly the same increase in polling if they continued to be critical without going into hardcore right-wing populism . 
   do you have any recent statistics to back that up ? 
  the most recent statistics talk about the approval rating of the euro . 
  [ eurobarometer nov. 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/articles/images/eurobarometer429_2015.png ) . 
  i acknowledge that this does not directly translate into people wanting to exit the currency . 
  however , a 2013 poll indicated that almost a third of the germans [ wanted the mark back ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/euro-nur-noch-27-prozent-der-deutschen-wollen-d-mark-zurueck-a-893242.html ) ( in german ) . 
  since the afd is sitting at ~ 10 % , i am sure i can say with certainty that there is more potential for eurosceptic votes . 
  that would require them to be dominant . 
  which is something that they are n't . 
  it would take one hell of a minaret to dominate a skyline , especially compared to our churches . 
  not all of them . 
  we already have minarets in various cities . 
  they seriously did not take * anything * of some identity away . 
  just because a country did something does not mean that something is not ` far right ' . 
   depends if they have the same kind of infighting and stupid trolls the pirates had . 
  they do not even need internal fights - if the h\u00f6ckes continue to stay in the first row , the party will disqualify itself .
