  our politicians never fathomed that there will be a day of 0 % interest , but here we are . 
  this is a very narrow view . 
  how can you possibly expect the ecb to magically increase the yield of state bonds or other bonds when other central banks fail at it too ? 
   you mean causing inflation . 
  combatting inlfation is when you try to reduce the ammount of money going around . 
  also what other banks do is not important , those banks are neither under eu nor german jurisdiction . 
  yes , of course . 
  and no , it * is * important what other banks do since it could show up possible alternatives . 
  but there are no alternatives presented to us . 
   also , my point still stands about which one should be most imporant to the bverfg still stands . 
  the limitations the bverfg established are based on the gg . 
   but it should n't be . 
  what should be the point of the ecb then ? 
  the whole * reason * for having a central bank is managing the currency . 
   it has been taken away from us , and i think illegaly fortunately your opinion does not matter to whether it is constitutional or not . 
  all that matters is the interpretation of the bverfg and the decisions of the bundestag . 
   well the first thing that comes to my mind is that ttip is not something the average brit thinks of very differently than , say , the average german . 
  well , [ this ] ( https://libraryeuroparl.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/support_for_ttip_in_eu_ms.png?w=750&amp;h=766 ) is from two years ago . 
  over 25 % more is a lot . 
   there is also the diplomatic issue - the uk provides a counterweight of sorts to germany and france . 
  smaller eu states may be unhappy if this counterweight is removed . 
  and even we would be unhappy because of the power balance shift . 
   ecb = foreign interest . 
  i would rather describe it as ` mixed interest ' . 
  the ecb is still based on a legal fundament that is matching the former german one . 
   they have melted away our pension funds to prop up failed states through insane policy . 
  well , please elaborate . 
  do you think this is happening because the ecb is responsible for a low base rate ? 
  similar central banks have this as well - including switzerland . 
  because they devalue the euro through qe ? 
  not the reason for bad pension finance . 
  because their policies drive down the interest rates of the state bonds in the rest of europe ? 
  the alternative is a collapse of the ez . 
  italy and france could not serve their debt with high interest rates . 
  it 's not nice , but that 's how it is . 
  do n't forget : it is not the responsibility of the ecb to assist governments with their budget problems , but it is also not their responsibility to ensure that our pension schemes work . 
   the money they give out is n't even reaching the real economy , it is circlejerked between the banks and the stock exchanges where it only inflates arcane numbers on balance sheets . 
  and yes , insane , in that the ecb is doing the same thing over and over and expect different results . 
  if they want give out money so badly they should make an european kfw and lend directly to companies who want to build new factories . 
  this is not to be judged by the bverfg though . 
  apart from that - other central banks took the very same attempt at combatting inflation . 
   as for the ruling , apprently the bverfg feels itself compelled to follow eugh rulings for reasons that probably make no sense . 
  the bverfg ultima ratio should be the grundgesetz not a foreign court . 
  this is actually not problematic . 
  the lack of an outcry amongst the legal community over here speaks for the judgement . 
   but then again they try to leverage `` art . 
  23 abs . 
  1 satz 2 gg '' which states that the legislative can surrender sovereign rights to the eu . 
  but the case filed was n't about the eu ; the case was about the bundesbank contribution to an ecb programme which falls unambigously under german jurisdiction . 
  actually it was about a multitude of things . 
  the different parties bringing the cases to the court have claimed violations of a variety of principles and constitutional laws . 
  if you read the actual judgement and not just the press release , you will notice that they also talked about the other claims , outside art . 
   all in all , the bverfg should have bitch-slapped the bundestag and the merkel regime for allowing external forces to dictate our monetary policy . 
  monetary policy is the core competence area of the ecb . 
  i have to say that message totally convinced me that his standpoint was superior . 
  second shitpost within two days . 
  go play elsewhere , kid . 
  because his policies are incoherent , partly racist and because his proposals could threaten global stability and peace . 
  many of his policy proposals are ridiculous and unrealistic ( e.g. 
  his tax plans ) and he does not follow the political etiquette ( which is there for a reason ) . 
  oh , and because of his supporters . 
  becase what you are saying is a bit ridiculous . 
  `` ruled by foreign interests '' - come on . 
  uhm no ? 
  did you even read the [ ruling ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/bvg16-034.html ) ? 
  we are not talking about moderate inflation here . 
   so that they can devalue or inflate away their problems thing is : this is not possible . 
  you can not inflate your problems away , only delay them into the future . 
  it is a constant expropriation of the savers . 
   i think a lot will change when we elect our new president . 
  right now , and for at least the past year , merkel has basically stoppped considering hollande a legit leader . 
  she 's just waiting for the next president to restart the franco-german leadership . 
  so , it 's hard to predict what is going to happen in the next three years . 
  well , hollande has been weak politically ever since he has been elected . 
  plus he pretty much ran a campaign aimed at putting an end to europe going the `` german way '' . 
  not exactly the best prerequisites for a successful relationship between equals . 
  which is what we should aim for in the end . 
  europe wo n't be happpy under german or french leadership , but if our two countries collaborate to find a solution that is acceptable for everybody , the results will benefit pretty much everyone . 
  the french election next year will certainly be more important than the german one . 
  simply because there likely wo n't be much change over here . 
   as for the netherlands , i do n't think they benefited that much . 
  their economy is mostly services and their industrial exports are not as important as germany 's ( in % of their economy of course ) . 
  true . 
  so it essentially is ` just ' germany that has reaped most of the benefits of the euro ( quite ironic given that we were one of the countries opposed to it in the beginning ) . 
   your export industry has been flourishing partly because of the euro . 
  true . 
  but not the euro alone , also due to measures that ended up weakening the euro - against our will actually . 
  we would be quite happy if the euro would be a bit stronger ( around 1,30 $ / $ is perfect for us according to our industry ) . 
  but whatever , it could be worse . 
  i think it will be interesting to see what happens in three years time , when draghi 's term as ecb president is over . 
  the 2011 nomination was very likely to go to germanys weber ( now ubs ) , but he resigned a year earlier . 
  i am a bit afraid that an approach that is `` too german '' could harm the ez , but i also think that we do not need another draghi ( do n't get me wrong , i think draghi did pretty well ) . 
   not every country can say they benefited as much as germany by adopting it i actually think that there is n't a single country that has profited as much as we did . 
  the netherlands maybe ? 
  that 's actually quite interesting . 
  do you have any data ? 
   which got 1:1 converted to euro you mean 13.7603:1 . 
  otherwise you would have a quite expensive flat right now . 
  i was talking about the years directly after the introduction of the euro . 
  today , our prices are rising incredibly fast in the very popular areas and big cities and they already hit rock bottom in eastern germany .
