  so he managed to be ` highly respected ' at the age of sixteen . 
  i doubt that . 
   the big problem was that belgium was dishonest and did it being france 's back . 
  so what . 
  time to move on . 
   and the fact that the people actually using it like it is irrelevant . 
  if your wife steals your car and go with the neighbour , regardless how much the neighbour loves your car , it is still theft . 
  this is not about ` stealing ' really . 
  both germany and britain will massively lose influence and relevance once the economic superpowers of tomorrow really get their game going . 
  and rightfully so . 
   what legislation impacting the uk in a negative way are you referring to ? 
  you could go into various areas . 
  the eu climate goals for 2030 for example . 
  legal capital requirements for banks in 2012 ( basel iii ) . 
  the uk did not block them completely , but it caused the eu to set lower goals than intended by the other eu governments . 
   as for sweden , once the uk leaves the eu , their questioning will be massive . 
  i think a brexit would initially cause nothing . 
  it would be the initiation for a waiting period . 
  all the other states and citizens would wait two or three years to see how the uk is developing outside the eu before cosidering the same . 
  this is one of the few positive parts i can see from a brexit - we would finally have certainty whether the eu is a benefit or not economically ( at least to some degree ) . 
   also , i do n't think the uk really wants to lead a bunch of countries in the second tier . 
  i am happy for those countries to make decisions for themselves , using their own democratic processes . 
  i find it weird that you want your country to lead other countries and form them after your own desires . 
  you would be amongst countries with similar interests . 
  by leading i do not mean forcing , in general the second tier ( this term always sounds a bit pejoratively in my ears ) would exercise a lot less joint control over each other . 
  depending on the refinement , it could well be what many uk citizens ( and the citizens of countries like denmark ) desire ( well , you are a bit more ` radical ' in this concern ) . 
   if not for belgium building a parliament without telling people until the last minute and going against what the other countries agreed on , we would never have this discussion . 
  fair enough . 
   i 'm sorry that my country wishes to stick to the agreement every one signed , it seems like a crazy idea these days for some reason . 
  the thing is : your country is pretty much the only country that wants to keep it this way , the only country that is preventing a treaty change on the issue . 
  when , after the fall of the wall , we wanted to move our capital from bonn to berlin , nordrhein-westphalen naturally was opposed to it . 
  it is similar with the eu parliament in my opinion . 
  strasbourg also houses quite a lot of other european ( not only eu ones ) institutions , it would n't do the city much harm . 
   for 40 years the uk tried to reform the common agricultural policy , with very poor results . 
  well , of course you can try picking the topic where quite a lot is at stake for many countries . 
  however would n't it be wiser to leave this untouched and focus on other areas ? 
  trying to change the agricultural policy really only makes sense if you have very convincing arguments and allies . 
  and it works both ways - the uk has been very reluctant ( entirely understandable ) to accept legislation and reform that would affect your country in a negative way . 
  why should other countries act differently ? 
   the uk , when it chose to stay out of the euro , began a divorce process with the eu . 
  i disagree . 
  there are quite a few countries that stayed out of it without prompting sentiments of this kind . 
  the prime example would be sweden . 
  sweden is not exactly an example on the way of ` divorce ' , as you call it . 
  there 's more to it than just the currency . 
   as long as we stay out of the euro , we will never be seen as truly committed , other member states will resent our opt-out . that way we can let the eu design its own legislation and design our own for ourself . 
  this is in both our interests . 
  you get your federal state and we get our independence . 
  well , i would see the announced division into two speeds as a marvelous opportunity for the uk to lead the second bloc and form it after its own desires . 
   that 's where the parliament should be all year long , that 's why it is still a thing . 
  that 's how it was planned , that 's how it was designed . 
  it however is not what the parliamentarians want . 
  all the parliamentary groups are centered in brussels , most parliamentarians prefer to stay in brussels . 
  if not for france , we would not have this discussion i guess . 
   i believe the rest of the eu is planning on doing something similar as part of banking union , but it is proceeding slower than the uk 's plans and there is some political disagreement over how it should work and there remains a lot of uncertainty . 
  naturally . 
   the uk law is further advanced i am on a mobile but i think the boe website has a good summary . 
  thanks , i 'll have a look at it . 
  sorry for causing you inconvenience . 
   in my view the ability of the u.k. to create its own regulatory framework specific to its needs is one of the key reasons for brexit . 
  i 'd say we can judge that once the eu-wide regulation is in place , then we will be able to compare the two and evaluate if britain really came up with something completely different . 
   unfortunately inside the eu our powers are very limited . 
  at your own choosing . 
  when you are not actively engaging , of course your power will be limited . 
  it has been a while since the uk has thrown its weight behind something in the eu . 
   for another thing , investment banks and retail banks will soon be ring-fenced from each other . 
  i did not know that something like glass-steagall was in work for europe . 
  or is it only the uk ? 
  would you be so kind to point me at the relevant legislation ? 
  i was not criticising the move . 
  i was simply noting that your governmental debt being so vulnerable to crises is a bit worrisome . 
  you are still well in the green area when it comes to debts , but that might change at some point . 
   i do n't think inflation will stay this low in the uk . 
  i do n't think it will stay this low anywhere in europe . 
   energy costs ca n't keep going down !, 
  maybe a tiny little bit once syria and libya fully return to the market . 
  that 's also one issue i have with the measuring of inflation - decreasing oil prices are almost exclusively benefitial for a country and its citizens ( well , apart from bp and similar companies ) . 
   they can be bailed in by investors . 
  requires thorough preparation . 
  given londons importance , i do not see this happening however . 
   i agree that it would be better if debt were lower in the uk , so generally we are on the same page . 
  we are . 
   pick well , they were in the position to pick , contrary to greece . 
  i do n't say that it was the wrong policy , i am simply stating that their debt level increased by a ginormous amount which is worrying . 
  oh , dont get me wrong , i see no issues arising for the uk . 
  given its economical position , the uk could maybe even endure debt equal to greece 's current debt . 
  nevertheless i still think it is worrisome that an economic crisis caused your debt to increase by this much . 
  the uk debt did ( in relative terms ) increase more than pretty much anywhere else ( apart from countries like spain or ireland ) . 
  what i am a bit concerned about is how the next crisis ( which inevitably * will * come at some point unfortunately ) will affect your debt levels . 
  inflation is an issue however . 
  since april last year , the uk has had lower inflation levels than the ez which is dragged down by deflatioinary tendencies . 
  the projected debt reduction until 2019 is similar to the development of france , which is in a much position much worse . 
  well , naturally you cant ( even though it was attempted in greece ) . 
  true , the uk has decreased its deficit , however a debt increase of this size is still worrisome in my opinion . 
  how is that even relevant here ? 
  it does n't change anything about the amount and sustainability of debt for the uk . 
   edit2 : according to this infogram , uk debt is the 7th worst in the world ( lol i thought it was first at least in europe ) ... maybe everything is not that bad as i was thinking ? 
  you should look after the debt ratio . 
  they are not off that badly . 
  * however * , the results of the financial crisis for britain are a bit worrisome .
