   you also have a comment history of making germany superior to that of other countries . 
  lol, 
  see other response to your ( now deleted ) post . 
  holy fuck , we were talking about chicago here . 
  the post i was responding to was :  how so ? 
  our public transit in chicago is pretty comprehensive . 
  even the title of this whole post is about chicago . 
  you yourself talked about chicago . 
   i lived in chicago and new york for extended periods of time each . 
  both are superior to that of germany , hands down . 
  so what the hell is your issue ? 
  are you trying to forcefully disagree with me just for the sake of it ? 
  i have made a response to all of your claims in the post above . 
  why do you reply the same stuff to me like four times ? 
   the thing the us is lacking are bullet trains you cant take these out of the equation though . 
  maybe i worded it a little badly , changed that now . 
  however it is a fact that you are still operating 50 + year old train parts ( check linked source ) , something that is an indicator that some things are a little ... problematic . 
   do you have sources for this where the average us train dates back to the 1950 's ? 
  i never claimed that this is the state of the ` average us train ' , maybe i my wording was a bit unclear , changed that now . 
  [ source for trains from the 50s still being in use ] ( http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/2015/04/17/how-washington-derailed-amtrak ) , unfortunately some part of the article is behind a paywall . 
  in other countries , 50 year old train cars are either decomissioned , sold or turned into a museum train . 
   did you know that german infrastructure is in terrible shape ? 
  that coming from germany 's top think tank . 
  check other reply, 
   i lived in chicago and new york for extended periods of time each . 
  i lived in chicago for half a year and have spent some time in ny . 
   both are superior to that of germany , hands down . 
  depends on the train systems you are comparing it to . 
  in your previous ( deleted ) post you referred to berlin . 
  as i have not spent that much time in berlin ( actually i have spent a lot more time in the states than in berlin ) you might be correct about that . 
  however compare it to e.g. 
  hamburg - the system there is ( in my opinion ) far superior . 
  the trains are cleaner , more comfortable , operate more frequently and the rail network is a lot more convenient ( getting from a western suburb to the southern city in chicago can take you over two hours if you take the cta as you have to go to the center first ) . 
   and here are the facts you 're ignoring : i did not ignore these facts , i simply implicated that some transportation systems in europe are superior . 
  i never even mentioned germany in that context . 
  i am well aware of the challenges we are facing with maintaining or improving our infrastructure ( but then , so does the us ) . 
  one of the linked articles says that we have an investment gap of around 100 billion per year - this amount of money would be needed additionally to maintain the us infrastructure . 
  but i dont think it is appropriate to hold a contest who is in more trouble - fact is that we all need to step up our game . 
  just this year , the government assigned 7 billion more euros to infrastructure , still not enough , but a step taken in the right direction . 
  after years of decay , at least the complete autobahn infrastructure ( including bridges ) is undergoing reconstruction and enhancement currently . 
  its still a long way to go , though . 
  why are you not reading what i write ? 
  look at two posts ago : i am explicitly talking about parts of the * nation-wide * system and not about the local trains . 
  i am aware what the reality in chicago is . 
  [ how washington derailed amtrak ] ( http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/2015/04/17/how-washington-derailed-amtrak ) ( paywall ), 
  of course it is a political issue . 
  but if some of your trains date back to the 50s and your infrastructure is tanking due to a lack of funding , it is mainly political and less because of union influence in my book . 
   small villages all across europe ( it does happen in germany ) so ? 
  to my knowledge , only a few parties run in the small villages . 
  we do have some interesting people for nation-wide elections though . 
  all the best for your trips !, 
  i 'd love to visit iran at some point . 
  but that will probably take some time . 
  well , i 'd love to return to the us some day . 
  driving in munich is no fun , but its still ten times better than driving in ny . 
  talking about random amazing trips - i 've accidentally taken the wrong way in st. louis and went all around that city . 
  as it was fall , the lesser populated areas were extremely beautiful . 
  but yeah , the world is full of beautiful places waiting to be visited at some point . 
   is hamburg especially cheap by german standards ? 
  the city itself is not cheap by german standards . 
  if you were talking about the transport pricing : its decent . 
  however both berlin and munich stay below 20 $ for a day pass for five people . 
  ( munich even offers a three-day pass for groups at 30 $ ) . 
  single fares are usually more expensive than in chicago though . 
   that is a very good price . 
  its not a bad idea . 
  of course it would be higher for the us . 
  but let a ticket for 5 people be 25 bucks or whatever , i think it would be a pricing that is decent for both sides . 
   i think you may be thinking of a different transit system you encountered on a trip . 
  cta is not distance based pricing [ 1 ] . 
  it is $ 2.25 for a train ride , $ 2 for a bus , and $ 0.25 to transfer to another line ( train or bus ) . 
  other cities like dc use distance based pricing though . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i am well aware of how the pricing of the cta works , i have lived in river forest for half a year . 
  the nature of the pricing makes long trips cheap and very short trips ( if you want to go just a few stations ) relatively expensive ( in relation to distance travelled ) . 
   i know they do group sales but i do not think there is a discount compared to a regular day pass unless the purchaser is a non-profit . 
  cities like hamburg offer tickets for up to five people ( you can use all trains , buses and even ships for a day ) at the price of two single day passes . 
  ( should be around 15 $ for a group in total ) . 
  this kind of pricing is extremely benefitial to people travelling with friends or family while having the same destination . 
  so it is a nice-to have , but since the cta is not * that * overpriced , i guess we should not complain . 
   and it is cheap . 
  if you want to take a ride that goes beyond just a few stations , yes . 
  they also lack day passes for groups on the cta . 
  but i guess you ca n't have everything . 
  it is pretty decent , agreed . 
  however they severely lack comfort . 
  ( you said they invested in new rail cars , three years ago they were pretty crappy ), 
  the nation-wide system of the us suffers because they are chronically underfunded and are ( partly ) still using trains from the 50s . 
  nothing about unions . 
   so the refugees would be better off than your average minimum wage worker/someone on welfare in the host countries ? 
  yeah , i totally can see this fly ... nobody is talking about that . 
   omg thats inhumane how can someone live off 200 euros ( in many cases far less ) a month . 
  human rights anyone ? 
  depends on the living cost of that country . 
  goddamn pussies !, 
  yes , these numbers are from 2010 . 
  however who says that the numbers in 2020 will be the same as in 2015 ? 
  this is under a permanent fluctuation . 
   the 1,000,000 brits in spain are not working . 
  they are still paying taxes though .
