  at least he * has * a plane - the british prime ministers have tried to get one for decades now . 
  unlikely . 
  the reason for this lies in the technical differences between petrol/diesel cars and electric cars . 
  a regular car will continue to work for a very long time given proper maintenance and a full tank . 
  unlike electric cars - you can have the best maintenance in the world , batteries will always have limited loading cycles . 
  as a result , you have to renew the battery at some point if you want this car to keep running , resulting in higher prices for usable used electric cars . 
  nobody wants to buy an electric car when the battery is so old that the range has gone down to 50 km . 
  i was n't criticising you . 
   what 's wrong with that ? 
  the title . 
  its pretty pathetic to declare that ` you get the best deals ' when you are comparing yourself to shitty countries ( in that metric ) . 
  ` uk and france get better deals than us , italy , germany ' would be fitting . 
  this title is pretty much like the us holding ` world championships ' for sports nobody else plays . 
   research on the uk , italy , france , germany and the us which essentially means that they have ignored the countries where the conditions are better . 
  its easy to say you are ` the best ' when the control group is shitty . 
  germany constantly ranks extremely low in these rankings , unfortunately . 
   i see no reason to lift the sanctions yet . 
  i do n't see reasons for it either . 
  but after all , we are a somewhat democratic entity and as such , joint review should not be an issue . 
  given that we do n't want to get drawn into a full-size military conflict , carrot and stick seems to be the best option . 
  which includes reevaluating the sanctions based on the accomplished things every now and then . 
  capitalism finds a way . 
  i could not agree more . 
  however , i think it is dangerous to follow the proposals of fiorina or other people suggesting that the us should significantly prop up its troops and equipment in europe while stopping to negotiate with russia . 
  it is a very delicate issue concerning the relationship with russia and at some point the disadvantages become more significant than the advantages such a deployment bears . 
  by this i do not mean that the us should stop their commitment to europe or resist building bases in states that beg you to do so , however what we do not need currently is a significant us show of force directly aimed at russia . 
  given the current conflicts that are affecting us ( syria , ukraine ) we have to ensure that we can find a mutual agreement instead of increasing the obstacles towards negotiations with russia . 
   however it 's fairly obvious why countries bordering russia do not trust countries like germany to come to their aid if a situation similar to ukraine happened in one of their countries given our reluctance to use military force , this does n't come surprising . 
  additionally , it is questionable if we even have the resources ( menpower , equipment ) to fight such a war . 
  however i am convinced that we would still honour our commitments in a defensive scenario for a nato/eu ally . 
   obligation nato article 5 lacks teeth . 
  there is no way to force the nato allies to use military power , it all depends on goodwill and there is no legal provision for consequences if someone fails to honour their commitments . 
  well , i am glad that somebody without any legal schooling thinks he knows better . 
  and by the way , i am arguing * with * american scholars , not against them . 
  i do n't see how your opinion is more legally sound than mine here . 
  your citizenship alone does not mean shit in terms of legal knowledge, 
   military-industrial targets depends on where this would be dropped . 
  the population of isis-controlled areas mainly consists of civilians . 
  isis is too spread out to make a nuke even effective . 
   but seem to have forgotten all about it now . 
  i think that was a remark from the author of that article , indicating that the topic is no longer relevant on a political level but still being discussed by the locals . 
  who knows what the bild wrote at that day . 
  the language is a bit unclear , i guess you can understand that both ways . 
  true , however currently a lot of work is done voluntarily by teachers spending their free time educating refugees without compensation . 
   such as ? 
  establishment of a demilitarized zone in that area maybe . 
  controlled by some kind of international troops to prevent further violations ( un blue helmets ) . 
  russia drawing back troops from the border . 
  greater federalization of the eastern parts of ukraine . 
  - international measures to prevent further conflicts and violence in that area . 
   sanctions require unanimity , one country falling out of line is sufficient . 
  theroretically yes , in reality it looks different . 
  greece , amongst others , has always been critical of the sanctions but they were persuaded not to vote against it . 
  opposition does not naturally mean rejection . 
   however they should let the lifting of the sanctions be dependant on the russian withdrawel from the donbass . 
  agreed , likely a lot more conditions would apply . 
   in this situation . 
  i have read it and as far as i am concerned the case dealt with is not worth being called a precedent for the current situation , unlike what prof. spiro thinks . 
  yes , it holds up powers for the congress that go beyond the power over its own citizens , yet i would argue that what trump proposes is on a whole different level . 
   do n't even form an actual argument why it would be unconstitutional what do you expect in a short statement for a newspaper ? 
  unlike your link , they were not asked to write a whole article about it . 
  tribe has mentioned that he believes that such action would violate , amongst others , the first amendment . 
  he elsewhere added that it would likely also violate article vi of the constiution :  but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the united states . 
  many scholars have also state that action like this would also be a breach of numerous international treaties you signed . 
  -- -- -- and in the end this discussion does not matter . 
  two lawyers - three opinions . 
  you will find reputable law scholars and officials arguing for either side , all that matters in the end would be a decision by the supreme court , but i am convinced that we will never see a policy of this kind being enacted . 
  very likely . 
  i wonder if there will be an alliance of countries sceptical of the sanctions trying to water them down . 
  greece has always been very sceptical of the sanctions , italy and austria somewhat sceptical and finland has economic problems currently . 
  it seems that there are also harvard professors agreeing with me ( wsj article from yesterday ) :  donald trump 's plan for a `` total and complete shutdown '' of muslims entering the u.s. was swiftly condemned by many republican and democratic presidential candidates . 
   but legal experts are n't of one mind about whether the incendiary plan floated by the gop candidate would survive judicial review . 
   mr. trump said monday that , if elected , he would bar all muslims from entering the country with very limited exceptions , such as allowing muslims serving in the u.s. military to return home . 
  he said he would lift the restriction when more is known about the security threat posed by islamic terrorism . 
   some constitutional scholars say there 's no debate . 
   ** `` aside from being outrageous , it would be unconstitutional , '' said william banks , a constitutional law scholar at the syracuse college of law , pointing to guarantees of due process under law . 
  **  ** `` i believe trump 's unprecedented proposal would violate our constitution , '' said harvard law professor laurence tribe , according to nbc news . 
  he said it would also conflict with the first amendment 's religion clauses . 
  **  other scholars who spoke to law blog were more hesitant to pronounce the muslim immigration ban unconstitutional , at least as it applied to non-u.s. citizens and assuming such a plan was approved by congress . 
  ( denying entry to american citizens , they said , would definitely not hold up in court . ), 
   constitutional challenges to immigration restrictions `` face unusually tough hurdles , '' stephen h. legomsky , of washington university school of law , who was chief counsel at the u.s. 
  citizenship and immigration services agency under president barack obama from 2011 to 2013 . 
  most recently the professor served briefly as senior counselor to the secretary of homeland security on immigration issues . 
   the hurdle he referred to is in the form of the so-called plenary power doctrine , a legal concept articulated by the supreme court giving congress tremendous power over immigration laws . 
  it was first laid down by the supreme court in the late 1880s when justices upheld the chinese exclusion act , a federal law that suspended immigration of chinese laborers . 
  repealed during world war ii , it was the first major immigration restriction enacted into law and the first exclusion based on ethnicity . 
   the plenary power doctrine `` states that the courts should show exceptional deference to congress when it legislates in the field of immigration , '' mr. legomsky told law blog . 
  `` whether modern courts would uphold a racial or religious immigration restriction is difficult to predict . '' the high court has reaffirmed the doctrine in a 1972 ruling denying entry to a self-described `` revolutionary marxist '' from belgium who sought a temporary visa . 
   ucla law professor eugene volokh told law blog that mr. trump 's plan `` may be a very bad idea , but under the plenary power doctrine it may very well be constitutional . ''  mr. legomsky noted that courts have recognized exceptions to the doctrine . 
  deportation proceedings , for instance , may not be stripped of due-process protections . 
   the obstacles to mr. trump 's proposal would n't be just constitutional . 
  the president could n't implement the plan unilaterally , said mr. legomsky , who said it would conflict with the immigration and nationality act , the nation 's primary immigration law . 
   mr. volokh said it 's also possible that the trump plan could violate treaty agreements with american allies . 
  -- -- -- i guess you will likely point me at the dissenting opinions in this very article , however the result is open and not as clear as you want it to make . 
  your supreme court has proven to be a bit . . unpredicable in the recent past . 
   functioning equipment you know that most of the equipment that is declared ` unfit for use ' would be usable in a defense scenario ? 
  currently , even old installed software qualifies a jet as non-functional . 
  all of this would not be in effect in a defense scenario . 
  polands army is mainly equipped with older gear plus we could very likely count on the rest of europe . 
  trust me , i am pretty well into how your system works .
