  in the case of the pope , we are talking about a picture of the pope where they attached aids ribbons and condoms to his robe . 
  in the case of bush , he was called `` obviously insane '' and `` bloodthirsty '' . 
   in this specific case no law was broken unles the government says it was . 
  not exactly . 
  the law being broken or not is not what the government decides . 
  the government simply decides about the prosecution . 
  small but significant difference . 
  laws of this kind do not only exist in germany and they do not go up against any eu principles . 
  they might be outdated and should be abolished , but this is a decision the country has to make and not the eu . 
   ee does n't want to cut ukraine . 
  it was a polish proposal . 
  unless you are counting poland as `` central europe '' ( i always get confused by this stuff , the times of cold war were easier in this regard )  there 's no need for additional capacity either . 
  gas usage is dropping thanks non-fossil energy . 
  nordstream has some capacity left too . 
  i will concede that . 
  iirc northstream has a * lot * capacity left ( 40 % usuage i think )  if you want to fuck ukraine , then at least do n't fuck us . 
  the goal is n't to fuck anyone - the goal is energy security . 
  and the issues with ukraine ( military intervention or not ) have been increasingly worrisome . 
   sure , connection to pl/lt/lv / ee could technically be built . 
  but there was no invitation to join the project as far as i remember . 
  it also does not matter . 
  because there is n't one and i do n't think this is on the table for ns2 . 
  i however would love to have more data and information on the issue . 
   anyhow , if germany felt like being a nice guy , they had a lot of opportunities to do so . 
  did n't happen . 
  that 's totally cool . 
  everybody is looking after their own . 
  i agree . 
  we could have been a lot more open about the topic . 
  taking the fears of ee into account in the beginning instead of an action of last resort to persuade them would have been decent . 
   hypocrisy is great in eu , both we and ee . 
  sorry , but i do n't think our stance is hypocritical . 
  we have always been very clear with our intention . 
  we might not have been nice , but we have been consistent in our stance . 
  unlike some countries complaining now in regard to ukraine . 
   i agree but i dont think that euro would be a possible concept if some of the members didnt do it . 
  oh , it would certainly have been possible . 
  germany originally did not want countries like yours to join , but france pushed for it . 
  here you have it : blame the french !, 
    the requirements were pretty high.germany could join and who else ? 
  funfact : not even germany met the initial requirements . 
  our then-finance minister urged the * bundesbank * to sell some gold to bring us back into the legal requirements because this was a prerequisite for us to be tough on other states regarding these rules . 
  they didnt and as a result the rules that were enforced were very lax . 
   thats the problem i would argue that exactly the lax enforcement of rules was the problem . 
  had all members that eventually got admitted genuinely fulfilled the requirements - we would be in less troubles today . 
   when you have such a wide difference between the economies of every country ecb doesnt know what to do . 
  it 's a complicated issue . 
  the ecb has driven a very german-centered policy for the first ten years . 
  this resulted in low inflation and a solid currency . 
  governments like yours however did not use the breathing room of having a stable currency and record low interest rates responsibly . 
  lack of an economic and political union . 
   all the countries need different measures but ecb can only implement one . 
  not really . 
  you could probably fit the countries currently present in the ez into three different kinds of policy needs . 
  and the ecb has driven a policy that was * very * south-centered for the last five years ( essentially since draghi took office ) . 
  the devaulation of the euro through qe certainly was n't in germanys interest . 
   for example , germany probably need revaluation and greece devaluation . 
  true . 
   imo , eurozone can not work even with 2 powerful countries because there will always be differences . 
  it can work , but it needs a lot more effort than we were willing to put into this currency . 
  talking about `` two powerful coutnries '' - should greece leave , the euro would go up in value . 
  which would be terrible for france . 
  france is seriously stuck between a rock ( germany ) and a hard place ( economic troubles in the south ) . 
   gas to we does n't pass through baltics . 
  lt/lv/ee each have direct pipes to russia there 're some connections between them . 
  but they 're not used for transit further west . 
  poland may be doing transit , not sure . 
  i think main transit to we goes through slovakia . . ? 
  i was talking about possible future routes . 
  and this has been very clear since ns1 :  poland had proposed the construction of a second line of the yamal -- europe pipeline , as well as the amber pipeline through the baltic states and poland as land-based alternatives to the offshore pipeline . 
  yamal goes through belarus and poland . 
  -- -- --  it was in the news like 10 years ago . 
  i do n't remember that were was an option on the table . 
  the narrative was that it introduces a lot of ecological issues on our shores ( sunken ww2 biological weapons etc ) , but do n't invite us to join the fun :( i find myself having the same issues . 
  all of this happened over ten years ago , most of the data that has been available on the web has unfortunately been deleted by now . 
  fortunately , there 's the wayback machine . 
  i found this in a political evaluation of the situation published by our parliament ( translation ) :  the german side has caused a certain amount of relaxation of the deadlocked situation by announcing that a bifurcation to poland could be built . 
  [ source , in german ] ( http://www.bundestag.de/dokumente/analysen/2008/ostsee-pipeline.pdf ) and about the ecological concerns : i find it kind of astonishing that there seem to be no concerns of this kind when it comes to the poland-baltic pipeline which will be built in the short future . 
  i do n't want to jump to any quick conclusions , but it appears that the ecolocical concerns were driven by political reasons . 
  it does n't matter who did what , what matters is that people knew and that they ran into it open-eyed . 
   the thing is that greek economy could not handle it . 
  well , not certainly . 
  there has certainly been a waste of money from the government that could have gone into paying the swaps otherwise . 
  any source ? 
  despite some other redditors here trying to make the effort - you can not separate the two when it comes to geopolitical business like this . 
  there wo n't be no pipeline without support of the respective governments . 
   if gas was passing ee , ee countries would have more leverage . 
  not really . 
  ukraine being one of the main transit routes has n't helped their prices . 
   buying gas via germany is not good , because infrastructure is not ready for reverse flow . 
  this would only be relevant in case we had a joint buying policy . 
  which we do n't so far . 
  and by the way - i think it could be possible to build pipelines fit for reverse flow during the time we build a new pipeline that is fucking under water . 
   additional transit would cost more than importing straight from russia . 
  elaborate please ? 
  because one reason for poland ( and the baltics ) to have an interest in preventing ns2 is that an alternative route through poland would grant them sweet transit fees . 
  they are concerned about being cut off ? 
  well , fine , then tell the eu that you are fine with cashing no transit fees for a land line . 
   and russia may not allow germany to resell the gas . 
  or at least require high enough resell price .
