  as i wrote , i believe that you should stay , but i believe that there are noteworthy points of criticism that deserve being debated here . 
  it is not as clear-cut as it might seem at times . 
  i think the problem here is the following : you are a highly educated person and you have spent a good amount of time debating and thinking about the topic . 
  for the average citizen , the issue is a lot more simplistic . 
  i do n't see the public being pleased when you switch from eu membership to some kind of `` eu membership light '' where you still pay money , still adapt legislation etc. 
  and especially considering history , do n't you think joining efta would be a little weird ? 
  `` yeah guys , we left the eu , so now its time to go back to the status we once had but were dissatisfied with so we joined the eu instead '' . 
  it is one of the major problems with having a public vote about it - `` in '' is a stance that is somewhat easy to understand and exercise . 
  `` out '' however opens up a giant box of other questions . 
  the `` out '' side might be united in getting rid of the eu , but very likely , a large portion of these people will be dissatisfied with the eventual outcome . 
  -- -- -- we can very clearly say that things would start to get even more interesting in the followup of the referendum should you vote `` out '' . 
   but to be fair , especially with business , what is good for them is good for us . 
  not exclusively . 
  lowered standards for employment ( like health care , working hours , other limitations ) benefit businesses as well . 
  i get where you are coming from though and in that way you are correct . 
   we all work for these companies at the end of the day , and if they 're more prosperous it means they can pay higher wages and there will be more jobs for people in the uk . 
  you can however make the argument that for example free trade can under certain circumstances be good for businesses and bad for the workers . 
  but you are right of course . 
   the imf still has some of the best economic minds in the world working for them . 
  i do n't think you can just dismiss their opinion like this . 
  remember too it is not just the imf saying this either . 
  yes of course , but their percieved reliability has suffered a lot . 
   we devolve some issues around workers rights and business regulations ( related to trade ) but most of this stuff was created and agreed upon by the british government anyway , because that 's how the eu works , by consensus . 
  it is still a point many of your fellow citizens seems to dislike . 
  because the issues where all countries share one opinion are very rare . 
  even if it is generally liked by the uk government , it most likely is some kind of trade-off . 
  clothes designed for everyone naturally do not fit as well as personally tailored stuff . 
  it is also an issue of accountability . 
  because in case there is a law the people do not like , they can not vote out the people responsible for it . 
   i do accept that sometime we 're overruled , but it 's a small minority of the time ( around 5 % as i recall during labour and just under 10 % with the conservatives ) . 
  we also get the benefit of being able to influence european politics for our benefit as well , which we would n't have outside the eu . 
  so although we 're overruled 5-10 % of the time , so are other countries to our benefit . 
  as do most other european countries . 
  it is also one of the positive points of the eu in my opinion - we can find joint rulesets that benefit everyone almost equally . 
  what 's good for germany does not necessarily have to be bad for the uk . 
  if you tried to implement these kind of rules with bilateral or multilateral agreements every time , it would get very messy and would likely not be successful . 
   in the long term it depends what choices we make outside the eu , and how the eu changes , those sorts of things you can not model . 
  true . 
   however , he may end up having to back down and accept the use of the efsm as long as britain and other non-eurozone countries are given an extra indemnity against losses . 
  if this happens , osborne is likely to argue that guarantees against losses means uk taxpayer cash is not in jeopardy . 
  this is what matters . 
  not a single penny of your money was on the line at any given point in time . 
  i disagree with the notion that you have a ` weakened position ' . 
  there is no way to force you to put your own money at stake , no matter your eu membership status . 
   we ca n't import produce from the commonwealth and african countries because we are in a club with tariffs to protect its members . 
  with cars and equipment , we are also protecting other markets . 
  our approach is largely less protectionist than that of most of the eu , so we mostly pay the cost for it without benefitting from it . 
  well , let me say the following : there are countries in the eu that have significanlty more trade with commonwealth countries than you do . 
  there certainly is potential even in the current setting . 
   we are made to belong to certain `` stability mechanisms '' well , you have been on paper but there has never been a risk of you having to pay money . 
   we have to limit our trade quite drastically to help certain countries of the eu how so ? 
   i think most people are biased on the question , because concepts of nationhood and the role of the uk in the world are inherently emotional questions and based on values . 
  for citizens of the uk , this is true . 
  for the external opinons , other things matter . 
  it definitely is not a topic that leaves people indifferent . 
  which is good . 
   for these countries , joining the eu represents them joining the `` european community of nations '' and is a badge of high standards . 
  i completely understand that given their history . 
  fair point , but being a member also promises economic possibilities . 
  there 's more to the eu than just the ideological meaning . 
   however , there is increasingly little evidence that countries like norway and switzerland and iceland want to join the eu true , but the uk is explicitly not looking for a eu relation of the kind of norway or switzerland as far as i am concerned . 
  you do n't want a `` light '' membership of the kind norway has . 
   those countries are already prosperous , already have low corruption and stable democracies and are already seen by the global community as `` good '' countries . 
  and i do not think it would be different with the uk . 
  long term , the uk will certainly be fine . 
  my concerns are the short term effects , the loss of influence for both the uk and the eu and a lot of smaller things . 
  a short term crisis could certainly have the potential to do a lot of long-term harm . 
   personally i think long term i 'd rather not be economically in the eu because it looks doomed please elaborate how that would drag down the uk . 
  we do not share a currency and probably never will , the uk is open to shift its trade focus on other countries even while in the eu ( even though the lacking competence to negotiate trade agreements on its own might be problematic ) . 
   however , we need to acknowledge that people make arguments not just because of evidence but also because of their ideological bias and because of other reasons . 
  i have n't contested that . 
  however suggesting that all `` remain '' advocates are biased is about as stupid as believing that all players are neutral on this issue . 
   there is n't evidence that countries which have avoided eu integration have been harmed by that . 
  i did not contest that . 
  nevertheless , there is still a difference between retaining the status quo and there however is some kind of evidence that countries that are currently outside the eu want to become members as it promieses prosperity . 
  no , i am dismissing his points because they are no arguments that could be applied to the current situation . 
  it is a fact that we have no experience with countries exiting the eu or the euro i do not see the parallels here . 
  and i think i have adressed them by saying  joining means staying on the status quo , leaving means change and i am not `` refusing to acknowledge the failures of the euro or the greek situation '' , i am simply stating that these experiences can not be transfered in my opinion . 
  his point is that people have been wrong before - so what ? 
  they have been correct on other occasions . 
  well , i have seen posts highlighting how the uk would be better off in the long term from an economic standpoint . 
  it might not be as dominating as on the leave side , but it certainly is there . 
  i think one can not make compelling arguments for one side if he or she fails to understand the arguments for the other side . 
   they 'll tell you whatever they need to tell you , in order to keep those cushy eu jobs and bonuses coming weak argument . 
   1 : norway . 
  higher standard of living than the uk , and no eu membership . 
  seems to be doing just fine . 
  leaving is a different thing than not entering . 
   2 : sweden . 
  decided not to enter the euro , the establishment were warning them how businesses will abandon ship and everyone will be poor without the euro . 
  never happened . 
  again : not joining is different than leaving . 
  voted no to entering the euro in a referendum , despite the establishments dire warnings , and guess what . 
  why are you so obsessed with the euro ? 
  apples and pears , honestly . 
  if your point is that elites can be wrong , you got your message across , but it is not a valid argument here . 
  whether you like it or not , the creation of the eu including the free flow of trade has increased the prospects for all european economies . 
  my point being : just because elites have been wrong before does n't mean that they ca n't be correct . 
   denmark dared defy the establishment in a series of eu referendums in the 90ies and early 2000 's , and because of it have more autonomy than other eu members . 
  before every referendum they tried scaring the voters into voting ` yes ' and every time the warnings turned out to be bluster and bluff .
