  it has to be known by these women that these arbitrations are not binding if they do not consent in the court and that the only thing that matters are the ` real ' courts . 
   and if a few more europeans had the balls to say the same if a ` few more europeans ' agreed on this matter with the uk , it would still not matter as a treaty change requires unanimity . 
  i can totally get behind that , yet i still think it creates a wrong impression . 
  pretty much like using ` vice president of the german parliament ' for claudia roth in a foreign newspaper without explaining that this office essentially wields no power or authority . 
  but in the end this discussion is pointless as his position reflects the governments position in this case . 
   he may not be in the current top ten , but he used to be minister president of an important state , and once even was considered as a possible successor to merkel . 
  the important thing here is the usage of past tense . 
  i do not rule out that he will become more powerful in the future ( actually i am relatively convinced that he will ) , but he simply is n't in a position of power currently . 
  i 'd say he would currently qualify as a politician of the third row in the cdu . 
   `` rather prominent , but currently not terribly influential politician '' i can agree with that . 
  the people who know that they need our consent for this . 
  whether they like it or not , it is not possible to get this through without us . 
  yes , because we are totally on the verge of starting world war three . 
  everything that comes from germany is evil . 
  germanys strength is caused by one thing : weakness and non-participation from france and the uk . 
  we were pretty content with not being the leading nation of europe , we did not push to be in this position . 
  and no , we want to distribute refugees , not economic migrants and , if anything , germany has been an obstacle when it came to turkey so far . 
  i disagree . 
  if you dont like a book , give it to someone who might like the book or even sell it . 
  you are flipping the table here . 
  it is the uk who is demanding something here . 
  germany is just reacting to these demands . 
  well , he used to be head of one of the states . 
  the fact that he was n't assgned a ministry after the last election shows how much of a ` top politician ' he is currently . 
  i can see him become a minister in the future though . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  the term is not meant to express anything about the relevance of that house . 
  it 's just meant to give non-german readers an understanding of what the nature of the * bundestag * is . 
  its all cool , nothing but a technical term . 
  we 're actually not doing that . 
  britain needs our consent to get its treaty changes , so its just fair to give our opinion on that . 
  sorry bbc , but mcallister is not a ` top german politician ' . 
  at least not currently . 
  the essence is right though , imposing significant cuts on the freedom of movement likely wo n't find approval from the eu member states . 
   i do n't understand the hatred i see in usa subreddits here against their police . 
  simple reason : people that ` enjoyed ' three months of police education before being released to the streets ( us ) are easier overwhelmed and a lot less prepared than people who had three years of education ( germany ) . 
  same happened at my school . 
  yet i think neither action is right . 
  first of all , they should not have been handed out , secondly i think its not correct to tear books apart , no matter the content . 
  dont get me wrong - there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i believe that they should be object to discussion in school to improve reflection . 
  but as the article says , there is no fixed way of dealing with it . 
  ` just ' handing it out is the wrong way in my opinion . 
  but then again , to quote a german cabaret artist : `` if you want that your students discover a piece of word art and that they carry it around in their heart for the rest of their lives , for gots sake keep it out of your school education '', 
  both , but not on a large scale . 
  probably the same people who also believe in what the postillion writes . 
  you are allowed to work after three months . 
  it is not possible to gain german citizenship if you have n't stayed here for 6 + years including being self-supporting for a certain amount of time . 
   in belgium you can only work when you have a ( european ) citizenship wrong . 
  type c work permits are granted to refugees/asylum seekers . 
  allowing refugees to work is also part of the geneva refugee convention . 
   do you mean steinmeier ? 
  otherwise i do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
  yes , my bad . 
   i say he would have had a chance . 
  the spd did n't even need to gather more votes than the cdu/csu , because with the fdp dropping out of the bundestag , a coalition with the greens might have gotten the majority of seats if it had n't been for that lame campaign and peer steinbr\u00fcck . 
  no way , in my opinion . 
  in 2009 , the spd got their worst ever result with steinmeier . 
  given that merkel was in a much stronger position in 2013 , i simply do not see anyone else succeed . 
  i also disagree with your fdp remark . 
  the fdp lost [ quite a few votes to the spd ( 530,000 ) ] ( https://wahl.tagesschau.de/wahlen/2013-09-22-bt-de/analyse-wanderung.shtml ) , given that ( at least in my opinion ) steinbr\u00fcck was more appealing to fdp voters than steinmeier , they would likely have taken the 5 % hurdle while running against steinmeier . 
   and all that aside , i think there 's no such thing as a wasted effort in election campaigns . 
  i dont know . 
  at some point it can be stupid to ` burn ' your good candidates in a fight you can not win . 
  bringing gesine schwan as a candidate was such a move . 
   every seat in the bundestag counts and you got ta think beyond a single election . 
  yes , but i sincerely doubt that the spd would have won more seats with more leftwing policies . 
  both the greens and the linke [ lost significantly ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/ergebnisse/bundestag.htm ) in 2013 . 
  its not handed out by the state but by the swl . 
  if i understand it correctly , the government gave the initiative for its foundation but its not further connected with the state . 
  no matter on the content of the book , i dont think anything like this should be handed out in schools . 
  no religous books ( bible , quran ) , no manifestos . 
  i think its fine if done voluntarily on universities though as these people are a lot more mature . 
  steinmeier was n't more successful when he ran plus it would have been wasted effort anyways . 
  merkel was at a highpoint on her last election . 
  satire is pretty much always making fun of conservativism . 
  no matter the country . 
  the anstalt is also not meant to be a beacon of journalism . 
  this doesnt come down to polls though . 
  these polls are conducted independently , they really have no way of manipulating anything there . 
  you are mistaken . 
  the whole purpose of creating a second channel was building a counterweight to the ard as it was seen as too friendly towards the opposition ( spd at that time ) . 
  given that the original concept of the zdf as a broadcaster directly controlled by the government was stuck down by our constitutional court , it still has some of these tendencies as the administrative board for it is to a significant extend staffed by politicians , mainly cdu and csu ones . 
  insa is the only one of the mentioned institutes that uses web polls ( yougov ) instead of randomly selected telephone calls if i am not mistaken . 
   800,000 that germany was already expecting to take in . 
  we never expected to take in 800,000 people . 
  applications are a significantly different thing to asylum grants . 
  you could start by ... you know ... going metric ? 
  this statement makes no sense . 
   the development was rushed which led to many problems in the field . 
  as was pretty much every tank in ww2 . 
   they were very expensive the panther was about 20 % more expensive than a panzer iv . 
  well worth the increased combat effectiveness . 
   slow to build . 
  the 1944 output of panthers exceeded the output of panzer ivs in any given year , this while being under massive bombardements already . 
   led to many problems in the field . 
  the panther reached panzer iv levels of reliability relatively quickly . 
   if germany had instead focused on pz4 i believe it would have made a bigger difference than making panthers . 
  i sincerely doubt that . 
  the panther still was vastly superior in every area to the panzer iv .
