  there are natural limits for everything . 
  we will see how the agreements with turkey will play out , what effect frontex in greece will have and what our leaders will come up with to tackle this crisis . 
   you 're making things simpler and more straight-forward than they are . 
  just slightly . 
  it is illusory to believe that the current situation will continue the exact same way . 
  not even germany can cope with continuous influx of millions of people a year . 
  we will have to see what ` solutions ' the european leaders will come up with , how the agreement with turkey will play out , frontex in greece . 
  there are quite a lot of things that can happen . 
  it however should be pretty clear that things are going to change . 
  this is exactly what i wrote elsewhere in this comment chain . 
  the very parties that are now complaining about the refugees here are the ones usually opposed to spending money in these countries . 
  quite frankly , the most optimal scenario would be a quick end to the syrian war , but this is not in sight unfortunately . 
  the problems do not come from our economy but from our aging society . 
  we have had notoriously low birth rates for quite a while now , thats why the public pension system is becoming unsustainable . 
  it is pretty impossible to even that out with productivity increases and our leadership has been very reluctant with immigration so far ( sound ridiculous given the current refugee situation , does n't it ? ) . 
  we will probably try to model our immigration system after yours ( as soon as the current problems are somewhat resolved ) to alleviate the pressure on the system by adding new workforce from other countries . 
   germany 's got a million refugees now . 
  we will probably accept around 500-600k from this million . 
   if none of them can stand on their own feet then that 's a serious stress on the social security system . 
  it could be worse , actually . 
  lets say ( in some way ) we reach one million people staying and all of them are unemployed . 
  this would push our unemployment number to ~ 3.8 million which is about the number of unemployed people we had in 2007 , at that time in much worse economic conditions and with a lower number of people in employment . 
  although it would be expensive , we could afford that . 
   one could even say it 's immoral to hand out cash that was earned by german tax payers to a million people who literally just got off the boat . 
  it 's not . 
  if you followed that principle religiously , accepting one single refugee is already immoral . 
  we will not be put under severe strains with these extra expenses and its a very humane thing to do . 
  we 're not paying these people luxury apartements . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  this was never my point . 
  the fact that they are at risk of default puts some kind of pressure on us while at the same time pushing our interest down due to ` save harbour ' investments . 
  totally ^ ^ ^ / s i 'd say our economy offers a lot more prospects than the crisis-ridden economies of many other countries though . 
  as i mentioned elsewhere , this was never the point of it . 
  if we just wanted to fill in our open jobs , we would have done it through immigration as it allows us to choose the people that fit our needs . 
  taking in refugees is humanitarian , not a way to look for profit . 
  german ministry of migration and refugees . 
  however , i 'd take that data with a grain of salt as it was voluntary to answer these questions and we have no way to verify these claims . 
  additionally , a high school degree from syria is worth a lot less than a european high school degree . 
  sample size was ~ 100.000 people . 
  retraining of a completely different nationality and background will certainly be entirely different to what we mean by ` retraining ' when talking about domestic people . 
  it will take years to get people to a level where they can be employable , if we are ever able to accomplish that . 
   but refugees are n't granted protection for the benefit of the state offering protection . 
  exactly . 
   whether or not the syrian refugees are already highly skilled or not does n't actually effect the overall argument of whether we should allow them to take refuge in our own countries or not . 
  people tend to forget that we did not allow syrian refugees here because we needed additional ( cheap ) workforce . 
  if we wanted that , we would have done it through regular immigration , which is a lot more useful as we can select people that match our needs . 
  taking in refugees will almost always be a net loss , but the point is that we are doing it because of humanity . 
  if we can get some of them into work , it 's a bonus . 
  aand here come the downvotes . 
  sorry , but that 's nonsense . 
  the data that has been around is that 13 % have attended a university , 17 % high school , 30 % secondary school , 24 % elementary school , 8 % no school education . 
  ( this is for all refugees combined , syrians ranked higher ), 
   is there no unqualified work refugees could perform ( picking fruits , unqualified construction work etc. ) ? 
  unskilled labour has become extremely rare . 
  a few decades back , you could have used most of them in the agricultural sector . 
  but this time is long gone . 
  the open jobs in germany are usually for qualified people and not for unskilled labour . 
  one sector were we really need people is care for the elderly . 
  it does n't require much education , but they should be able to speak german . 
  but then , many people are unfit for this job . 
  if you are looking at our unemployment rates ( for 2011 as i couldnt find diversified data for the later years ) , you see that the unemployment rates are 2.5 % for highly educated people , 5.8 % with medium education and 13.3 % for lowly skilled people . 
  if you would look at a people with education similar to the syrians , the numbers are even higher . 
   or are they unwilling to engage in manual labor ? 
  the issue is that most refugees aim for our cities while the manual labour is needed is in the rurual sector . 
  probably there are also a lot of people unwilling to do so . 
  if you used to be a car mechanic/own a company/whatever , it will be very hard for you mentally to take such a job . 
  the timss and pisa studies from 2011 . 
  `` well educated '' is relative . 
  according to recent data , two thirds of syrians have very limited reading and writing abilities . 
  their eight-graders have the knowledge that matches the knowledge of our third-graders while only 69 % even attend secondary school . 
  these are the numbers for the general syrian population , there is no reliable data on what this means for the refugees yet . 
  this number directly comes from our government , the ministry of labour to be more precise . 
  however , this statement needs qualification . 
  what is meant is that less than ten percent are fit to be directly used in the labour market while the others need education ( especially language ) and retraining first . 
  which is not exactly surprising , if you ask me . 
  for the long term effects , it depends on what share of the refugees we are able to retrain , educate and get into work . 
  there is a lot of work in front of us . 
  its more the ` safe harbour ' status than ( lack of ) inflation really . 
  we have been constantly outperforming the ez on inflation in the recent past and the future prospects are n't that bad . 
  our wages are ( after almost a decade of stagnation ) increasing again , faster than in most european countries , naturally creating some kind of inflation . 
  we are also still in the tolerable area of inflation . 
  people tend to forget that the original target for the ecb was meant to be inflation between zero and two percent , which has since then evolved into a strict aim for 2 % . 
  well , its a way to subsidize the royal mail ^ ^ ^ ^ / s it is truely a shame that opportunities like sending stuff together are not used . 
  public money going to waste . 
  this makes a lot of sense , however our 30 year bonds yield just slightly more than your 5y bonds . 
  as a consequence , we would have much lower payments even if the maturity was similar . 
  well , politically there is a lot to lose and little gain in this policy area . 
  you have the possibility to piss pretty much everybody off if you fail while you wo n't get that much blame for failing to adress the topic . 
   i seem to remember we had this conversation before not long ago . 
  i am under this impression as well , i just was n't quite certain that it was you . 
  so , hi !, 
  hello again !, 
   pushes down yields in countries such as germany if i am not mistaken , it also pushed yields down in the us , the predominant ` safe heaven ' in our world . 
  so it surely goes a bit beyond the euro . 
  you are certainly correct , i am just a bit confused that you pay multiple times what we pay despite not being exposed to the debts of greece & co. 
  but then , bond yields are somewhat connected to inflation and i do not know how your inflation compared to ours was last year . 
   there are similar issues when governments talk about spending increases which are actually real terms decreases for instance , very misleading . 
  like our ` increased military spending ' which is essentially just covering the inflation . 
  of course they are . 
  but inflation in the uk is currently 0 % and germany is paying less than a third of that amount for a bigger debt ( at a higher inflation ) .
