  the sanctions that actually hurt us ( and them many times more ) are putin 's sanctions . 
  the problem is that you ca n't watch them independently from each other . 
  yes , our sanctions are aimed at oligarchs and government , but the countersanctions are a direct consequence and they are harming the russian population . 
  it should be our declared goal to help creating a russian youth that becomes more friendly towards the west , we have all the tools for it . 
  but if all they get to know from the west is sanctions ( does n't matter that it 's actually russias sanctions ) , this wo n't happen . 
   i mean for me it seems like putin made a joke out of international laws and proved he can continue on doing whatever he wants . 
  effectively , this is the case . 
  that 's why we have to ensure that there is more than just the international law between putin and problems . 
  deploy un peacekeeping troops in ukraine after the rebels have left . 
  yes , this is only possible with putins consent but if we are able to get that it means that there * is * more than the international law . 
  putin wont dare to do the same if there are foreign or even un soldiers in the territory . 
  even though executive orders are a powerful tool , he cant govern entirely independently from his party . 
  given the stance the gop takes on russia , do you really think he would dare to turn the course 180 \u00b0 ? 
  i am sorry that i am calculating economic benefit against territorial integrity , but it is in nobody 's interest to keep sanctioning over this topic forever . 
  the value of trade germany alone lost due to the sanctions is five times the value of crimea 's gdp . 
  and this is only germany , other countries have trade relations with russia aswell . 
  ukraine is in dire need of funding , its economy is collapsing . 
  and this funding can only come from the west . 
  and given that the possibility of crimea returning to ukraine is pretty much zero , there is really no point in keeping up the sanctions once the eastern ukraine dispute is resolved . 
  this is quite some time ahead , though . 
  i can not see puting giving up on crimea , but i certainly think that he could at some point stop its support for eastern ukrainian rebels , especially if the economic situation of russia gets even worse . 
  some analysts are talking about the possibility of $ 16 for oil , this would essentially bankrupt the russian state over the course of a few years . 
  at that point , they would have other issues than playing geopolitical games in eastern ukraine . 
  without this support and supply , resistance wo n't be sustainable for much longer . 
  the relations between russia and europe have n't been that bad over the last decade until this incident , especially when we are talking about germany . 
  why should n't we hold up our commitments to nato and eu ? 
  and by the way : the downvotebutton is not an ' i disagree with you button ', 
  [ 66.1 years for males , 76.2 for females . 
  ] ( http://voxukraine.org/2015/03/28/life-expectancy-in-ukraine-why-is-it-so-low/ ) could not find something on bikers :(, 
  the baltics are part of nato and part of the eu , attacking them means attacking us . 
  ukraine on the other side is neither . 
  well , it does n't matter . 
  given that pro-ukraine people went away , it means that the share of supporters of russia has increased . 
  this however is completely unrealistic . 
  nobody is going to wager war against russia to ensure that a peninsula irrelevant to europe is going to return to ukraine . 
  partly true . 
  yes , it is very much sending a wrong statement , violates our understanding of territorial integrity and means letting one of our partners down . 
  the question we have to ask ourselves however is whether driving a hard line against russia is n't a dead end . 
  if we had n't been willing to compromise , we would never have seen improvements in relationships with the ussr during the cold war . 
  at some point , it simply is n't worth it anymore . 
  for nobody , not even for ukraine . 
  prior to the crisis , russia used to be the most important importing country for ukrainian goods , i do not know how that has changed , but the development has certainly not been benefitial for the ukrainian economy in that regard . 
  contrary to the cold war , completely isolating russia is not an option . 
  first of all , we rely on russia battling more severe threats for ourselves , namely terrorism and failed states in the arab regions . 
  secondly , we are in a different situation we were in the cold war . 
  we are not battling for supremacy in europe here . 
  additionally , it is not even said that it would even be useful to force a return since a majority of crimeans seems to be consent with being part of russia . 
  given all these issues , it would be more reasonable to leave crimea to russia while ensuring that something like this can not happen again in other parts of ukraine . 
  according to wikipedia , the gdp per capita of crimea is $ 2,952 per year . 
  ( i hope everybody realizes that i do not take this seriously ), 
  do n't think so . 
  the ukraine is incapable of doing so and the west does n't have any interest in it . 
  complete withdrawal into russian territory combined with amnesty for people voluntarily giving up on the fight , followed by un blue helmets in that territory to prevent similar things from happening again sounds like the most sensible solution to me . 
  according to a conspiracy paper from germany , its a few trillions due to natural resources , both on - and offshore . 
  lol . 
  i can not believe somebody made a calculation for that . 
  agreed . 
  by ` peace ' i mean the end of all fighting and hostile action . 
  departure of all rebels , possibly even un peacekeeping troops . 
  i do not think it would be wise to do that . 
  bringing peace to eastern ukraine should be the # 1 goal . 
  and since that heavily relies on putin , it would be detrimental for that task to put crimea into the main picture again . 
  of course i am talking about government employees . 
  i cant comment on the comparative state however . 
  the question however is whether a return to ukraine would mean a return to that prosperity you are talking about . 
  russia will always be capable of giving its own citizens money , in case they go bankrupt , the currency will devaluate quickly however . 
  as far as i know , there are no issues with food . 
  i suppose the electricity problem will soon be reseolved . 
  it is not impossible to build power plants . 
   will the russian population still support the annexation of crimea if they are told that their salaries and retirement fees were spent to support the peninsula ? 
  they are . 
  it is not about ` justice ' but about political realities . 
   and then ... then nothing . 
  ukraines situation is even worse . 
  economic crises do not cause countries to lose their territory . 
  the russian military will still be strong . 
  how does that matter here ? 
  what i am talking about is : crimea can only return to ukraine in case the russian president ( or the duma ) wanted it . 
  if russia was a good democracy , it would not matter for this result as a majority of russians supports the annexation . 
  the only alternative would be a secessionist movement from crimea , but this is completely unlikely . 
  i am not talking about crimean politics here ? 
  i am certain that it would be heavily in favour of russia , even though probably not at the levels of the original ` referendum ' . 
  well , unfortunately the current processing times really benefit things like this . 
  `` early 2016 '' . 
  so i assume it 's going to be pretty soon . 
  frankly , it does not matter whether it is a democracy or not . 
  the approval for annexing crimea amongst the russian population is immense . 
  a democratically elected government wo n't hand it back either in my opinion . 
  if he loses internal support due to another issue , he will even less be in a position where this would be possible . 
  the same is true for any successor . 
  it will be even more so now . 
  wages in crimea have gone up , pretty much all people have either switched to russian citizenship or left the peninsula . 
  this , for once , seems to be a military deployment that is actually free of any major concerns . 
  no civilians in danger as they are trying to recapture oil fields and not cities , in the same turn stabilizing libya and possibly weakening the militias in that country . 
  oh , and it could decrease the oil price further . 
  given that libya is a hub for boat departures to italy , it might also help decreasing the refugee flow . 
  yeah , sorry , but this will never happen . 
  putin would lose face if he gave up crimea . 
  as bad as it sounds , we should really give up on crimea , try to bring peace to eastern ukraine and move on . 
  edit : see comment,
