  i do not think it is mandatory , the bases here are still leftovers from the cold war . 
  the brits will be pretty much gone in a few years . 
  i grew up near the wonderful city of hamelin , which had like two or three british barracks , including a sea landing unit if i am not mistaken ( the last soldiers left in 2014 ) . 
  i have rarely met people being annoyed by the soldiers ( you always have some shitheads crying about occupation ) , also , they brought money into the cities . 
  it is a concern what will happen to the cities when the brits/americans leave as they live here ( often with their families ) , buy their stuff here ( except cars ) and drink their beer here ( we had british pubs near the barracks ) . 
  it also brings the question what to do with the huge amounts of land and housing in the cities . 
  ( the same is true for our own former barracks somewhat ) . 
  somewhat true , but i would still say it is worth a visit ( and it is not * that * overpriced , at least not for what i am used to ) . 
  when i was little , i for some reason envisioned driving school cars being [ like this ] ( http://img.izismile.com/img/img4/20110912/640/the_most_bizarre_car_tuning_ever_640_04.jpg ), 
  there is usually no space left in the areas where there is a housing shortage . 
  i am waiting for a revision of the unification of germany . 
  some duma members already called it an ` annexation ' and some suggested requesting 2 ( or 3 ? ), 
  trillion dollars reparations for ww2 . 
  well , the ` ultimatum ' is the imf payment on friday , somewhat . 
  prague is worth a visit , dresden aswell . 
  rent prices are actually reasonable and there is housing available , the problem is that everyone wants to live in the ` hip ' parts of the cities . 
  wages in germany rose faster than in the other major european economies over the last two years . 
  the last labor union requests for wage increases also point in the right direction . 
  i think the * bahn * and evg negotiated an increase of over 5 % over two years . 
  verdi is requesting 5.5 % increase for the post employees and 10 % in childcare . 
  while they surely wont accomplish that , the wages are still increasing ( especially considering the low inflation ) . 
  quite a lot , but a lot less than 10 years ago . 
  [ us bases in germany ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/us_military_bases_in_germany.svg ) note how most of the bases are still in the old ` us sector ' of germany . 
  in 2014 , we had 42,450 american soldiers , 13,400 brits , 1600 french and a few minor forces here . 
  they do this after shipping , the melting is done in germany/europe . 
  [ source ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=de&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bundesbank.de%2fredaktion%2fde%2fpressemitteilungen%2fbbk%2f2015%2f2015_01_19_fortsetzung_goldverlagerung.html ) - unless you distrust information directly from the federal bank of germany . 
  you read a lot of bad things about it , people tend to paint the situation really grim and people like to speculate a lot on issues like this . 
  the wikipedia sources claiming that germany stopped the program of bringing the gold back are ... well , not that trustworthy . 
  you do not see major politicans complain about your discount , if there are complains they either come from backbenchers or they are adressed at granting further rebates to you ( additionally to the one you get already ) . 
  i can somewhat agree with the second one . 
  it is due to the structure of your country , which is different to e.g. 
  france . 
  however , i am not aware of countries similar to yours getting a discount . 
  and i do think some kind of discount is justified , but in a way that would be suited to britains position in the eu . 
  a lot below germany , but certainly above france and italy . 
  of course it would look stupid . 
  your country is of different structure than most other countries , putting you at a disadvantage towards eu payments . 
  however , in the current state , your net payments aswell as total payments are lower than the payments of france , and more notably , italy despite both of them being smaller than you ( gdp-wise , italy is quite a lot behind you ) . 
  but generally i have been talking about the common perception , it is just this ` the uk gets its extra way again ' , this must not even be unfair or advantageous for you , still it is a point of annoyance for many people . 
  the uk is just the most obvious one , being vocal about its opt-ins ( other countries who do the same somewhat disappear behind the uk ) . 
  yes , they are aware . 
  however , we are the largest net payer and we do not get a discount ( well we got a discount on the payments towards your discount ) . 
  my last point was not something that was connected to the first one , i just looked up the gdp development per capita after you mentioned it and it was quite surprising to me . 
  of course there are people whi think this in every country . 
  about the relevance - i do not think that cameron will be overly successful renegotiating the freedom of movement , it just is one point of annoyance for the rest of the eu more ( which was my original point , i did not want to discuss about wether the requests of the uk were rightful or justified or whatever , i just layed down common points of annoyance ) . 
  they got a rebate between 2007 and 2013 because of large net payments . 
  not anymore as far as i am concerned . 
  it will be followed by the opening of * fort retard *, 
  thank you . 
  alright . 
  do you have any information how the recalculation eventually turned out ? 
  did the uk pay or not ? 
  i cant find anything on that . 
  the germans , amongst others , * do * lose a dime . 
   the compensation payments for the uk are made from the other 26 eu member states by increasing their respective share of the gni resources accordingly . 
  was n't the uk holding back the part its payment that would make it pass france last year ? 
  i hope that we will never know whether a brexit would directly affect the city ... 
  i would argue that it actually * is * in the interest of the eu to impose trade barriers in case of a brexit . 
  not in the sense of economic wellbeing but for the sake of the union staying together . 
  if the uk left the eu but still had all benefits while being completely independent , it would be pretty much the end of the eu . 
  i know it is cynic , but there is no precedent for this . 
  i guess if we watch what will happen with the eu/switzerland relations we will know more . 
  it sure is difficult to measure . 
  however , i 'd argue that the city majorly benefits from its access to the european union . 
  however , i have no numbers for this , just based on assumptions and companies threatening to leave london for ireland or else in case of a brexit . 
  [ well . . ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/uk-europe/cameron-eu-should-change-freedom-movement-rules-or-uk-will-exit-310419 ) i would call this calling for limiting the freedom of movement while keeping the benefits for the brits . 
  nobody wants disadvantages , however if there are some disadvantages that are ` necessary ' to gain advantages ( e.g. 
  some people in the uk want to limit the freedom of movement for the rest of the eu while maintaining full freedom of movement for their own citizens ) . 
  it works somewhat the same way as with the financial crisis , does n't it ? 
  other countries hiding behind germany in driving a hard line on greece . 
  but that was my point - i am , again , not talking about the reasons why ** i ** think the uk is annoying/should stay/should leave/whatever but what many people here think . 
  and these people are driven by the narrative that the uk is the one against the ftt , they probably do not even know that ireland or luxembourg are against it . 
  pretty much every tax is politically motivated though . 
   the reason that the uk gets special treatment is because even with it we 're the second biggest contributor to the eu . 
  without it the cap and cfp would be crippling . 
  i disagree . 
  it is proportional to the gnp , you being the second biggest contributor is , guess what , directly connected to you being the second largest economy in the eu . 
  germany is not ` crippled ' by the payments despite being by far the largest contributor to the eu budget . 
  since 1990 , germany has payed about 190 billion euros more than it recieved , which is around 45 % of all net payments since then . 
  i do understand the need for some kind of discount due to the specifics of the uk economy , however i would argue that a discount that is putting them below france and even italy in net payments is a bit unfair . 
  as i stated in my other reply , i completely understand why the uk is against a ftt , i just wanted to say that it is one of the points of annoyance for many germans ( it might also have to do with the media narrative on the issue ), 
  i just said why many are . 
  on some issues , i think it is not justified to be annoyed just because britain wants to have it ` different ' compared to us , on other issues however i think it is . 
  britains negotiating position over the last time was more and more : we only want benefits but we want opt-outs on anything negative that is connected with it . 
  a single market/union just does not work that way , it only works if all participants benefit from the advantages and bear the disadvantages together . 
  if everyone opted out on the ` negative ' parts , the system would not work . 
  i know about the struggle with the financial transaction tax , however i think it is fair to say that the uk plays a major role in trying to get rid of this tax at a eu-wide level . 
  and even though i do not like it , i can completely understand the reasoning behind it , given the reliance of the uk on the city of london . 
  i am pretty certain that germany would be opposing it aswell if frankfurt would have that much impact on our economy . 
  a ftt limited to germany would not help , you need to have this on a larger scale . 
  people are annoyed because the uk got a ` discount ' on its contribution to the eu budget , because they seem to get opt-outs where we do n't and because they always seem to get special treatment . 
  it is not needed that success is connected to this special teatment , it is annoying to many people anyways . 
  furthermore , the uk is ( comprehensibly ) slowing/preventing some laws that are considered ` good ' here ( like the financial transaction tax ) . 
  having a look at the development of the gdp per capita , it is actually astonishing to see how differently our two economies have developed since the start of the millenium ( where we were almost equal ) . 
  as long as syriza is able to maintain a stable majority in the votings on important issues , there is no problem . 
  if the left platform were to actually deny the syriza leadership their fellowship , blocking major lawmakings , it would be another thing . 
  however , this would probably prompt reelections and/or a splitup of the party . 
  unfortunately the vast majority of european governments/citizens seems to think otherwise , meaning that a ` fair ' distribution of refugees is not in sight . 
  what i find worrisome about the `` mixed army '' is that it would face major communication problems . 
  unfortunately , many of the soldiers ( at least in germany ) are rather uneducated , especially when it comes to speaking a foreign language .
