  this however has nothing to do with the trading agreement . 
  the us wont stop ` protecting ' the eu ( actually what is the us even protecting the eu from currently ? ), 
  just because of a failed trading agreement and they wont ` increase ' their ` protection ' due to it going through . 
  the gulf nations do not have asylum systems that live up to our standarts or no systems of this kind at all . 
  approximately one million syrians live in saudi arabia . 
  yes , they came there as workforce , however saudi-arabia extended their residence permits due to the situation in their home country and also started giving them access to the education and health system . 
  also , the gulf states donated half a billion dollars in 2014 towards un programs adressing the issues . 
  while there still is a large gap between what they are doing and what they are capable of doing , they certainly are n't doing nothing . 
  you are only talking about previous accomplishments of people in that role . 
  what did michelle obama accomplish ? 
  show some american families that they should eat healthy and do sports ? 
  and again , the power of the flotus is entirely domestic . 
  i am aware of that . 
  however , the last time i was checking , the western world felt morally superior to the gulf nations . 
  just because someone else does not feel obliged to help refugees doesnt mean that we should not be better . 
  i really do not think i can make a meaningful decision on this without even knowing what the final draft contains . 
  it is the same point that is being made about the ttip negotiations . 
  parties are willing to negotiate and give in on their positions if all of this is not published . 
  lawmaking , unless you have a total majority or it is on a widely consented topic , will always involve some kind of horse-trading . 
  with that i do not want to say that everything should be negotiated behind closed doors , however i find the call for complete abolishment of any kind of this dealings completely unrealistic and potentially harmful to the quality of lawmaking . 
  lawmaking and negotiations do not really work without backroom dealings . 
  if you take syria for example , the number of refugees the eu takes is laughable . 
  turkey took in 1.8 million refugees , lebanon 1.2 million and jordan 630,000 . 
  while lebanon and jordan might not be the most prosperous countries , they are still taking in a lions share and we are complaining about the roughly 100k we took in ( whole europe ) . 
  her power is limited to economics and the fed is pretty much holding still currently . 
  it is a really reactive , not a forming role . 
  we still have areas mined with glass and beton mines that can not be cleared without major effort . 
  i was not talking about hillary doing anything better . 
  i was just talking about her becoming president and thus improving her standing in this ranking . 
  i just used this as an example of minor change that would already face a lot of opposition . 
  you would also get people referring to the constitution why such a change would be illegal . 
  my point is that , if even such a minor change would already be troublesome to put into effect , imagine pushing for greater reforms . 
  well , you can not deport them if they have a legetimate reason to seek asylum . 
  it is however not a position that would even remotely justify a rating as ` most powerful anything ' . 
  unfortunately i can not really tell about hillarys role in the 90s since i was too young back then . 
  if she becomes president , i am really interested in seeing what bill will be doing . 
  they have no way preventing people coming into their country . 
  they cant just build a fence around their coast * duh * . 
  ( frontex is actually building fences , however you can not put fences everywhere . ), 
  oh and guess what - there are also pretty much zero asylum seekers directly arriving in germany . 
  saudi-arabia seems to be a potent supporter and funder for the rebels . 
  because our bomb 's detonators work . 
  / s besides stalingrad which was bombed for over a month straight before the actual offensive began , it seems we have preferred using artillery . 
  also , nazi germany never deployed amounts remotely close to what the us/uk did ` send us ' . 
  as for japan , i read that the houses in many japanese cities were still wooden at that time , so they probably used lower caliber bombs . 
  there is at least one in hamburg . 
  maybe you are lucky and it develops back to a state similiar to how it has been since forever . 
  the system has certainly proven that it can work - it is up to the parties to act in a way that works with the current system . 
  and with that , i am saying good night , its 3am here . 
  germany taking part in afghanistan is enough for some people to plot an assassination . 
  we are hated enough already . 
  she is actually # 4 after being # 2 last year . 
  well of course it is possible to touch the constitution ( otherwise we would still sit here with slavery duh ) , but there was no change to it for a quarter century now ( if you wan na count the 27th , 40 years if you dont ) . 
  also , most of the previous changes actually * gave * something to the people , enhancing peoples rights and limiting governmental abuse . 
  what i am talking about would actually do nothing of this while touching the fundaments of your governmental system . 
  and since many us citizens treat the constitution as something really really special and them being naturally sceptical against any governmental action i can already see people protesting against any change . 
  because * muh democracy * . 
  lets say you were to abolish or limit filibusters ( i know this stuff always had its place , but come on - it has grown to be open to abuse recently , causing ridiculous showings in the parliament , paralyzing your lawmaking system ) . 
  whilst it would be benefitial to the lawmaking process , it would somewhat limit the peoples rights , you just need to find the right balance . 
  what makes you think that every african will be granted asylum here ? 
  also , if you have a look at the numbers where the people applying for asylum come from ( germany , 2015 jan-apr ) : * 25427 kosovo * 19412 syria * 11053 albania * 7175 serbia * 4552 iraq * 4374 afghanistan * 2486 macedonia you see that the majority of asylum seekers is actually not from african countries . 
  in fact , you have only two african countries in the ` top 10 ' of asysum requests , eritrea and somalia with between 1500 and 2000 requests . 
  no funding for the syrian rebels would not really have helped i guess , they will find someone in the world financing their stuff anyways . 
  however , this is not the point of discussion here , it does not matter if we are reponsible for the war or not , it is a fact that many people in syria are in serious danger of death and that granting asylum to them is a no-brainer . 
  additionally , the number of syrian refugees coming to europe is actually laughable if you take a look at the numbers who fled to neighbouring countries . 
  i was aware of that but couldnt think of any response that would do anything but agree with you  you might be a young country , yet your political system is pretty much the oldest that is still around . 
  some things might change for the better , but ( some ) old habits die hard unfortunately . 
  i do not see the struggle in your lawmaking as benefitial though . 
  i know americans do not like to hear that , but if the struggle continues the same way , you will eventually end up at a point where you will have to change things up , maybe even touching the constitution ( i know it sounds totally remote ) . 
  your leaders were aware of the dysfunctionality 70 years ago already - the us was the leading power in the introduction of democracy in germany and japan , but despite holding up its constitution ( and with it its institutions ) as a holy grail , they did not bring up the same system or constitution in these countries . 
  i am pretty sure * every * head of state that has to make rulings that are disadvantageous to a group of people has to face death threats . 
  i would argue that the office also has somewhat lost power due to the trench warfare in congress and senate as well as radical inner-party movements . 
  who should enforce that ? 
  and the more relevant question should be : who would even want to enforce that ? 
  and why should this be right ? 
  lets look at the example of apple : the us would be pretty stupid to limit the size of apple as it would be detrimental to the us economy . 
  also , limiting the size of the company would also cause a shortage on products , bringing back the old communist times . 
  unless it turns into a monopoly , yes , it is benefitial to the customer as the more competetive product will prevail . 
  not necessarily benefitial to the workers of either company though . 
  it is likely justified , maybe not the level it is at , but the us president certainly needs and deserves a lot of protection . 
  it is hard to find a good balance though ( its easy to go over the top , i hope he is allowed to take a dump without someone standing infront of the stall ) but it is certainly better to be too well protected than the opposite . 
  it looks cool though . 
  i did not say it is not justified . 
  however , you could make that very same point about the pope . 
  john paul was shot and we have seen the popes waving from bulletproof glass boxes mounted on cars since . 
  francis got rid of all that stuff and hasnt been shot since despite being a target of hate for some followers of different religions . 
  this however does not mean that this would be the proper measure for the us president as he is way more controversial . 
  the reasons for the security stuff provided by the secret service et al. 
  are clearly understandable , however the measures have proven to be over the top ( i am pretty certain there is more money spent on the security of the us president than for all other heads of state combined ) and furthermore ineffective ( people shooting at the white house , suiciding with firearms at the capitol ), 
  the funny thing is that all this effort has been proven inefficient . 
  you have people suiciding at the capitol , people firing arms at the white house and actually hitting it et al. 
   yes , and we adopted 70.000 russians in last five years at the current rate , germany is getting this amount in merely 20 months ( in relation to gdp , total number would be 780,000 , in relation to population we are even worse off ) . 
  additionally , whilst being different , russians originate form a culture much closer to ours than the african ones . 
  your article already gave the answer to your suggestion  australia is not part of any regional human rights system , and some of what it is doing would be ruled illegal under the european convention on human rights, 
  you dont possess an island in the middle of an ocean and if you reject someone on your border , he wont drown . 
  also , we are talking about people who have legetimate reasons to seek asylum ( especially considering syria ) . 
  you can not sink the boats , you can not reject them without checking their cases and it would take a lot of effort to bring these guys back to where they started ( also , you would likely bring people into a war zone and violate the border of a country by doing so ) . 
   the country will then be forced to take on refugees from other conflict areas outside of europe . 
  true , but the other countries also have to live with that . 
  refugees from syria are not closer to the culture of germany than to the culture of the czech republic .
