  nobody in europe ( including the germans ) is keen of having a maintained influx of the quantity we are experiencing now . 
  what he suggested sounds pretty reasonable ( it is fully in line with the german position by the way ) , but i am afraid he knows no miraclous reciepe for reducing numbers either . 
  well , i worded it a bit poorly i guess . 
  i was not talking about involvement but about the initiative for this deployment . 
  which , rarely enough these days , did not come from the us . 
  but you are correct in what you are saying . 
  i dont see the special relationship ending any time soon honestly . 
  for engagements like in libya , the us was not even needed to take initiative . 
  getting out of nato would possibly not change a damn thing in the involvements in the middle east and other regions , all that it would do is weaken the position and security of eastern europe . 
  well , lets put it this way : if the us was n't part of nato , we ( the europeans ) would be forced to dramatically increase our own military spending . 
  of course this position bears a lot of influence for the us . 
   through the instruments of nato the us forced other countries to join the war . 
  given that the # 1 of europe ( uk ) would likely have joined the us anyways and the # 2 and # 3 did not take part , these tools were not exactly useful . 
  no matter what , the alliance is exchanging favors and i do not think that this is a bad thing . 
  the us has the tools to go to war alone . 
  there is still the classical defense pact between two or more countries . 
  something that has fallen out of favour since the creation of nato and the warsaw pact . 
  * however * , we have seen with poland in ww2 how much guarantees can be worth and it also could end up in a lot of bargaining . 
  i would prefer the current state to the alternatives . 
  this however is not an argument against nato . 
  yes , the nato certainly benefitial to the us influence . 
  but no , nato was neither the reason for the middle east involvements , nor was it a tool for it . 
  in case 19 out of 28 eu states ( with two big players staying out of it ) did something , you would also not blame the eu for it . 
  nato did not go to war , the coalition of the willing did . 
  nato or not , the us would likely have gone there with the uk and other allies . 
  nato did also not fake facts . 
  the people going were nato members , but they went independent from nato . 
   i think we went though this at the time when the law was enacted . 
  as you know , some eu governments voted against this and this was , of course , a terrible shame for their national democracies . 
  essentially it is taking away power from a nations ability to change legislation at the ballot box , one of our most treasured rights . 
  you are now saying , effectively , that not only must we ignore the fact that some nations voted against the law , that we must even take the implementation of that law away from them . 
  perhaps you think this will have good results ? 
  i am not sure about that . 
  i was not talking about this . 
  i was talking about the implementation of the agreement , for the sake of this argument ignoring how that deal was ` made ' in the first place ( i was n't exactly happy about overruling countries either , and given how it seems to play out we have damaged relations for nothing . 
  and yes , i know that this could have been predictable , but the point that is hindering the proper implementation goes beyond the states that said ` no ' . ) . 
  the transfer alone could already be a huge issue as greece might think the destination country is responsible for providing it while the other country thinks greece is . 
  the issues go on and the nation states can hide behind each other 's incapability of getting started . 
  this would not happen in case of a central organization of some kind . 
  and no , i do not think that the implementation of this is desirable for the national states . 
  the parliament and electorate could not care less whether the transfer is coordinated between the states or centrally as the government would still have to give its final ok .  any examples of times when the eu has relinquished the acquis ? 
  power always goes from the nation to the eu , it never goes in the opposite direction . 
  i am not aware of many mechanisms given into the hands of the eu that were meant to be single-use . 
  as i said , if you do not trust the eu , you could aswell mandate a private enterprise with it . 
  someone that is effective in organizing . 
  it is not necessary to do it through an european institution , just centralizing it somehow ( not the decisions , the execution , especially the transfer ) would be greatly benefitial in my opinion ( well , benefitial if the countries actually stand by their word to get this redistribution done . ), 
  well , but what he is implying here is that the nato is the basis for the involvements in the middle east which is n't true . 
   i do n't mind what other countries do . 
  i have a preference for them doing it democratically and if the voters of other countries want to transfer power away from their own parliaments to a centralised system , so be it . 
  i think it will lead to terrible results for democracy , but let the people decide that . 
  it is essential for british democracy that we stay out of this though . 
  i disagree . 
  the choice is perfectly democractic . 
  the national parliaments are not going to manage the resettlement themselves . 
  either way , domestic or paneuropean , they will decide on whether to take in people under this program or not and if yes , what number . 
  it will then go to the executive to get this done . 
  if you , instead of putting it on the minister of integration ( or what other office is tasked with it ) allow a joint institution to manage it , results will be better in my opinion . 
  it is not even about providing the places and deciding how the nation states should deal with the refugees , it would simply provide organization - meaning proper information , transfer and oversight . 
  once the refugees have entered the destinated country , it will go into the hands of the national authorities again . 
  national institutions can be pretty slow and ineffective , especially when it comes to an unpleasant issue that involves dealing with multiple other countries at once . 
  it also prevents countries playing the blame game ( well , they can still blame that institution ) . 
  the british democracy is not special in this case , of course the last say should remain with the national governments , but centralizing the other stuff would mean that things could finally get started and that issues that arise can be dealt with for all states at once . 
  plus it is not even a mechanism that would remain in place , so no souvereignity would be lost . 
  we could even mandate a private company with organizing it , it would still be democratic . 
   when law makers put in place flawed laws , knowing that they are flawed , that is a shame for the rule of law . 
  i speak as one lawyer to another  given how highly the law experts in charge of putting the stuff the politicians think of into written law are payed , it really is a shame . 
  either they hired the wrong people or they simply ignored this obvious issue . 
  well , i can get behind that , especially since corbin was elected , however at least the * linke * in germany has a somewhat believable , consistant stance . 
  they simply say ` war is bad , the nato is no force for good , we do not be part of it ' . 
  while i do not agree with that stance , it is at least not distorting realities of the near past . 
   the administrative failure is not a surprise though , it was entirely predictable . 
  if a law will not be administrated properly , then perhaps it should not be made in the first place / accurate . 
  i guess its one of these eu-national state squabblings . 
  and it ends up being managed poorly by national states ( i know you will probably have a different opinion , but i would argue that this need a central place for organization given the number of states involved ) . 
   so far this does n't seem to be happening . 
  yes , but for what reason ? 
  the article suggests that the refugees are afraid to be registered in greece - well there are certainly more than a few hundred registered there . 
   this is a flaw in the law . 
  true . 
  i am not entirely certain if this was on purpose though . 
   `` if we 're to stay in nato , the question is what 's its role ? 
  invading more countries in the middle east ? 
  i 'm not in favour of that . '', 
  thats a bit of nonsense . 
  the engagements in the middle east and north africa were either allowed by un resolutions or done by a coalition of willing . 
  nato membership does not mean you have to take part in these actions , germany would be a ` good ' example that it is possible to stay out of it . 
  the uk supported bush in iraq , not being a nato member would not have prevented that . 
  in the current day , nato is a guarantor for ( mainly ) eastern europe that russia will not dare to pull a crimea on them or put a foot on their soil . 
  yes , it could be argued that all of this could be done through eu and other alliances but i would argue that nato still bears a lot of ideological power ( plus it involves the us ) . 
  the train was ` discovered ' by geo radars . 
  nobody dared to go into the tunnel that was found due to a fear of mines . 
  its very much a geologist 's job . 
   are they ? 
  because someone else with a german flag was mentioning that even the rejected ones get some help from the state ( i might remember wrong ) . 
  people that are rejected get help for a certain amount of time ( many argue that they get money for too long ) , but i do not think that applies when they are already registered in another state . 
  it is possible that they might get some pocket money during the time before they are properly identified ( fingerprints , pictures etc. ) . 
   i seriously doubt there is anyone who 'll bad mouth germany or sweden over this . 
  [ oh well ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zro5s/it_was_agreed_upon_in_september_to_relocate/cyotc59 ), 
   they know germany can not send them back to greece , sooooo ? 
   well , then they are stuck here without any welfare payments .
