  there 's two sides to it . 
  depending on the issue , one could sue in front of national courts ( mainly the constitutional court in germany ) and in front of the ecj . 
  however , regular citizens are n't able to access all of the tools in this regard and i sincerely doubt that either court would shut down such a solution . 
   greece does n't really have the population or need for big fancy airports all over the country . 
  fraport believes that the airports in question have potential . 
  and they know the business in and out . 
  which court ? 
  2 . who should sue ? 
  of course they are . 
  but in the optimal scenario , it is a win-win situation . 
  fraport gets to make profit and greece profits from investments ( and thus jobs ) that the greek government is n't able to make at the moment combined with the potential of an increase in tourism due to the investments . 
  i think syriza would have lost no matter what . 
  if they had kept their fundamentalists members and leaders , greece would be in a worse situation today and syriza would get blamed for it . 
  the way they did it - well , they essentially went up against pretty much everything that they promised . 
  if nd had stayed in power , we would have seen pretty much the same , just without the economic downturn in the beginning of what in reality was syrizas first term and without gay marriage . 
  please use the megathread for posts of this kind if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  to go even further - nd is set to win the next election . 
   again , you talk without knowledge . 
  there is absolutely no procedure for kicking out a eu member out of the eu ( and no , brexit is another thing altogether , that 's a voluntary exit out of the eu and the only exit possibile so far ) , nor there is one to kick out someone out of the eurozone . 
  i am not . 
  there would be no fundament for greece to stay in either the eu nor the ez in such a scenario , formal procedure or not . 
  the eu member states have enough tools to force a country to leave on its own if there is no other way . 
  and there are legal scholars that suggest that there are possibilitites to throw countries out of the eu or ez . 
  in terms of ez , this can also happen through the ecb - if you no longer have a supply of currency , you are forced to resort to a secondary currency . 
   again lots of useless info without a glimpse of reality in it : actually to be fair that 's a possibile scenario , very unlikely but still possible . 
  a more likely scenario would the one similar to what happened to argentina after it 's default due to its pegging 1:1 to the us$ , from the year after their default the economy initially shrinked and then it shoot back up to levels significantly higher then before when they un-smartly used a fixed currency that destroyed their current account . 
  you can not compare argentine to greece . 
  for various reasons . 
  starting with the fact that the amount of money owed was significantly lower , that the debt to gdp ratio was significantly better , with the fact that argentine - contrary to greece - actually has an export industry worth speaking of . 
  then we have the difference in the holders of that debt etc pp . 
  seriously , the comparison is n't valid . 
   of course we 're talking possibilities here , it all depends on how the greeks would react to such a scenario , it might go from catastrophe ( extremely unlikely , except for short term ) to a rebirth of the country . 
  there are no serious economists suggesting that a default would be good for greece . 
  even varoufakis said : joining the euro was a mistake , leaving now would be a disaster . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it is nothing compared to anything else that would happen . 
  the consequences for greece would be worse . 
  the consequences for italy and france would be worse as their finances are in much worse conditions . 
  the consequences for portugal and spain would be worse as they would see their spreads go up . 
  of course , 100 more billions in germany would be nice . 
  but it does n't even come close to `` fucked royally '' . 
  please use the megathread for posts of this kind if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  the funny thing is that you are doing exactly what uber does - argue with technicalities . 
  claiming that the people are `` self-employed '' and could not possibly be compared to taxi drivers for artificial reasons . 
  what matters is this : these people are offering a taxi-like service and they should be subject to the rules designed for business of this kind . 
  end of the story . 
  the only reason why the laws are directed at taxis rather than the drivers of any kind of service is that the legislators did n't have uber-like companies/cooperations/whatever in mind when they drafted these laws in the first place . 
  as i have said , the debt itself to germany does n't matter . 
  the implications for the euro zone are what matters . 
  which makes you talking about `` how we are fucked because we hold their debt '' kind of pointless as it misses the whole point . 
   the first entities to be hit are always the creditors , as you 're the one losing the money owed to you . 
  `` fun '' fact - germany has `` lost '' 55 billion euros due to a booking that went wrong during the financial crisis . 
  it increased our debt by around 2 % . 
  it had zero impact on interest payments or our budget . 
  the money was later returned to us as we realized the mistake , but you get the point . 
  it is fair to say that the debt itself would n't matter much to us . 
   they might be hit later on if international creditors wo n't trust greece anymore and wo n't loan them money , although that 's an unlikely scenario . 
  actually , it would hit them immediately . 
  a greek default would get them kicked from the eu ( as they would default to fellow eu members ) and it would kill off any growth that started to develop in greece . 
  it would immediately cause the investments into greece to cease and a new currency would render savings in greece worthless . 
  they would need to balance international trade pretty quickly ( kind of hard for a country like greece ) and they would be forced to run a balance budget for the forseeable future . 
   the cars are not property of uber . 
  the drivers are not uber employees . 
  so what . 
  the regulations are here to protect users and drivers of transportation services . 
  the term `` taxi '' and `` uber '' does n't matter . 
  there are also self-employed taxi drivers - but they have to obey said rules . 
   banning uber is like banning tinder for providing `` unfair competition '' to the local brothel . 
  it really is n't . 
   if you want to regulate the drivers , go ahead . 
  just do n't point the finger at uber for providing a service that bridges the gap between service providers and consumers . 
  that 's all that uber does . 
  uber is trying very hard to circumvent the implemented rules . 
   so regulate all drivers that provide taxi-like services . 
  already happening . 
  the courts are not making up stuff to ban uber . 
  they attest that uber is n't following existing regulation . 
  not in the required scale . 
  not really . 
  german exposure to greek debt is below 100 bn . 
  $ and our trade with them is n't worth that much ( 7 bn combined ) . 
  this is n't anything that would trouble germany . 
  the main problems for us would be the consequences for the ez as a whole , not the lost money . 
  greece would be hit much harder . 
  increase maturities and grace periods by a long time . 
  given the low interest rates , this means that the value of the debt will decrease significantly . 
   just do n't ban uber because people actually use it . 
  that was never the reasoning . 
   that 's not unfair competition . 
  that 's the natural evolution of the service . 
  actually it is and it is n't a `` natual evolution '' - at least not in its current form . 
  it is a perversion . 
  the concept of uber is good - the reality is n't . 
  uber uses tax avoidance to reduce costs , it is still operating on huge losses and it circumvents laws that are designed to protect the customers and the workers . 
  like safety checks for the cars and the drivers . 
  one can argue about how necessary some of these provisions are , but the solution to that is to repeal or reform these regulations , not to ignore them . 
   the ban was motivated by `` unfair competition '' . 
  what 's stopping taxi drivers from using a similar app ? 
  heck !, 
  they can also use uber as a driver .
