  what is happening and give a source please . 
   it is surely the logical next step it truely is n't . 
  it is a possiblity . 
  if you want to style it as a logical next step , sorry , you are wrong . 
  we for one wo n't do that . 
   which country in the eu is making decisions based on what is best for the eu rather than that country ? 
  pretty much every country is stepping back a bit at times . 
  if you want a very pessimistic word about that : at least they are not actively trying to fuck other countries over . 
  it 's a different mindset . 
  both models have downsides , ours has more potential for abuse , yours is a lot less flexible . 
  there is a general difference between the laws of our two countries . 
  our laws are usually broader than yours . 
  a lot broader . 
  we generally grant a lot more power to the judge to come to a ` fair ' result . 
  we however do not have juries and elected judges either . 
  plus , and that i like a lot , we have been very careful with using mandatory minimums in criminal law . 
  they are exclusively used for major offences like murder . 
  this ensures that laws like this are not threatening to our society . 
   you realise that despite what some say and believe the eu and germany are technically not one in the same ? 
  never argued that . 
  i simply outlined that the requirements for obtaining eu citizenship can be very stringent . 
  i do not say that all eu states are the same in that area ( until this point the uk does not have a smiliar requirement on the economic side , but it seems you will have it soon ) , but many are . 
  the countries are not really that eager to grant citizenship to everybody . 
  and since these people can only apply for citizenship in the state where they reside under refugee protection , they will not be able to migrate to another country where it is easier to obtain citizenship . 
  and due to this reason , we already have the vast majority of people off the table . 
  i will give on thing to you however : states that simply want to get rid of their refugees might grant these people citizenship so they leave the country towards germany or especially the uk . 
  this is a possibility . 
   regardless of whether desirable or not , the rule of law should be respected until the laws are changed . 
  it 's a bit more complicated i would say . 
   it is a shame nobody seems willing to stand up to russia . 
  well , the sanctions are a kind of ` standing up to russia ' . 
  however we are willing to bear the consequences as the topic is a lot more severe than just a few people wanting money . 
  germany alone lost over 20 bn in annual trade due to this . 
   hopefully the threat of attachment will at least bar russia from issuing usd debt that has the possibility of touching new york . 
  well , currently there are a few obstacles towards that . 
  i however do not think that your banks will refuse to lend to russian businesses once the current sanction regime comes to an end . 
   i am confused , are we talking about the eu or germany ? 
  we are of course talking about germany . 
  it is different in every eu state after all . 
  but since most refugees are in germany - by a large margin - this is the main procedure that matters . 
   also unless i am unaware of something these are complete up for change also ? 
  there is never an intention to do so , nor would there be public support . 
   so once more i am not seeing how what you have said in anyway combats the point you mentioned that you do not have an opt-out when it comes to eu citizens in direct response to ` cologne-style incidents ' . 
   we are talking about a long term choice , not a short term issue . 
  as i said , irrelevant here . 
  why should this change long-term ? 
   i do admire your optimism regarding the middle east at least . 
  this is actually zero optimism right here , it is simple realism . 
  people coming to the uk under eu citizenship is not an option if the chances of them being granted eu citizenship are insignificant . 
   so i do n't see the need for your straw man well , it was in a direct response to your comment and the parent comment . 
   although i am interested as to what you think will actually happen if not citizenship ? 
  you should have a look at the requirements for citizenship in germany . 
  it requires : * unlimited residence permit ( which is not granted to most people currently . 
  most of the refugees have a 2-year permit . ), 
  * you have to live here for eight years ( it can be lowered to six ) - hopefully , most of the countries will be safe enough for these people to go back by then . 
  * sufficient knowledge of the german language ( probably the ` easiest ' part ) * being able to support yourself and your family without government support for a certain amount of years . 
  * no criminal record * taken a test especially the economic aspects are incredibly relevant - you pretty much only can get citizenship if you have a somewhat good job . 
  and since the crime rates amongst people that are employed is much lower anyways , there is n't much to worry about for you . 
  effectively , these people will have to stay on refugee status until they will sent back . 
  either they obtain citizenship or they will have to go at some point . 
   maybe its just my personal views but it seems like being criminally punished for defaming a public official could be misused . 
  it originates from a different time . 
  protecting the head of the state from defamation was already a huge leap forwards at that time - 1871 . 
  it meant that people shittalking the president were no longer charged with treason but with a lesser offence . 
  in the aftermath of ww2 , it was somewhat relevant concerning the defamation of our presidents concerning their past in nazi germany . 
  since 1990 , 41 people were affected by this law , only two got the president 's approval ( one of them concerning a photoshopped foto showing the president 's wife doing the hitler salute ) , i am not even sure if these two even lost their cases . 
  which means that the law is very much irrelevant . 
  our president 's do n't really give a damn about this law anymore . 
  so it is not `` extremely troubling '' , but this always depends on the perspective . 
  i understand that arguing `` this law is dangerous , but hey , it is n't really applied '' is a bit of a weak argument . 
  in my opinion , it is an anachronism that should be abolished , the president has the protection of the general defamation law like everyone else . 
  yes , possible . 
  this does n't make it more desirable for us however . 
  a bit remote , do n't you think ? 
   does n't have an opt out on entry of eu passport holders . 
  this is irrelevant however ? 
  when you are talking about cologne - most of them did not have eu passports and likely will never get eu passports . 
  people like uk generally underestimate the requirements for obtaining eu citizenship . 
  i am not complaining , i am simply outlining that it is stupid . 
  about as stupid as constantly painting the best and worst scenario of a brexit . 
  seriously , neither of the two scenarios will become reality . 
  but i guess you dont win any voters by promising mediocrity . 
  `` yeah if we leave/stay , it will likely stay more or less the same for everyone , all the extreme scearios are exaggerated '' is n't really a compelling argument . 
  the same is true for only minor improvements . 
  and this is a key point why i am opposed to direct democracy : the two sides are n't fighting ` fair ' . 
  topics are reduced to very minor parts that are often misleading or even partially inaccurate . 
  they can sue for whatever they want - they have nothing that they could base their claims on . 
  well , it 's a bit of a special case . 
  i agree that this law does not really fit into the current time anymore . 
  however it has very specific requirements . 
  our government needs to give its ` ok ' before anything can happen . 
  and this is the main point of discussion - will the government give its okay or not ? 
  it is somewhat similar to [ the law protecting our president ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p0923 ) - he needs to give his okay before the authorities will do anything . 
  if you are interested : [ this ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1035 ) is the law we are talking about concerning erdogan . 
  the conditions are written in \u00a7 104a . 
  which is totally unreasonable however . 
  the uk already has an opt-out from refugee relocation and they are not part of schengen either . 
  they exclusively polled in the uk . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/belgium-unfreezes-russian-assets-seized-yukos-legal-fight-1976386 )  whether russia likes it or not it needs tiny belgium much more than the inverse . 
  this is true for pretty much every western european country .
