  again : sources , please . 
  seriously , nobody ever claimed that we have ` an obligation ' for other reasons than humanity . 
  nobody argued with guilt , shame , or whatever you might wan na think of . 
  and as i said elsewhere , give some sources that show a good share of support for the implementation of sharia law over here . 
  unless you can do that , it is nothing but unfounded speculation . 
  this article is seven years old 2 . 
  the rules for citizenship have changed since then 3 . 
  employment has increased significantly since then 4 . 
  there have n't been the kind of problems that the author is talking about ( at least not on a large scale ) . 
  he is talking abotu racial tensions and stuff that is significantly worse than just higher levels of unemployment . 
   like the author stated , ethnic germans could possibly become a minority within their own nation-state . 
  this however is simply not realistic if you apply this way of thoguht to the reality . 
  he mentions that we face an overwhelmingly large group of male refugees in their twenties and puts it into contrast with our population in this age . 
  if we look at the actual numbers however ( eurostat ) , we see that 41 % of refugees in 2015 have been males between 18 and 34 years . 
  in the whole of 2015 , the arab share was below 50 % . 
  53 % in this age group if we take both genders into account . 
  so even if we actually had 1 million people coming to germany in 2015 , we would face around 200,000 arab men in an age range that exceeds the one he was talking about ( or around 250k arabs in this age group ) . 
  admittedly , the share has shifted since mid-2015 and we are now having around 60-65 % of applicant from the arab region . 
  but then , we never intended to take in another million in this year . 
  as a result , it is fair to say that this seriously is not a possiblity . 
  these people could have fertility rates significantly higher than the native population - us becoming a `` minority '' is simply not realistic given the numbers . 
  we would be talking about 100 + years here . 
  and at that point , it would be pretty fair to say that these people are more german than they are arab . 
  oh and by the way - we are talking about refugees with limited residence permits here , not about people that are allowed to stay indefinitely . 
  yes , it is pretty large . 
  1.5 million people with turkish citizenship , 2.8 millions with turkish origin in total . 
  i would be lying that we had zero problems with them integrating , but it could be worse . 
  the reports about germany going down the drain are exaggerated . 
  as usual , it is the lower educated part of this community that is causing problems ( we have problems with parallel societies in some places ) while a majority of these people is integrated pretty well and contributing to society . 
  especially the author mentioning the term `` peaceful '' in this context is ridiculous as it impies we will face violence or ethnic unrest . 
  which is how a democracy works . 
  her approval ratings are significantly above 50 % . 
  applying your logic , not a single european leader would be legitimate . 
   we voted her and most of us still support her . 
  this is something that a majority of redditors fails to understand . 
  they read about `` merkels rating dropping '' and `` her party losting votes '' . 
  well , if you look at the reality , you see that merkel still has approval ratings higher than most other eu leaders . 
  and considering her party ` losing votes ' : merkels party polls around 35 % currently , which is pretty much the lowest she has polled in this term . 
  this is significantly above the * election * result of hollande in france and comparable to the share of votes the tories have recieved in the last uk election . 
  it is only slightly below the vote share the pis reached in the last election , it is ten percent above the votes any party in austria has recieved in the last election . 
  and even if you compare it to the previous two merkel governments ( 2004 & 2009 ) - she is polling higher than the results that got her elected two times . 
  if you held a direct election on the office of chancellor - merkel would win a landslide victory against any possible opponent currently ( unless we are talking about sch\u00e4uble maybe ) . 
  well , provide a source for this claim : `` import sharia endorsers '' . 
  give me a source that shows significant approval ratings for implementing sharia law over here . 
  and even if you find a source about `` general support for sharia '' - you need to acknowledge that only a small minority of these people actually advocates for implementing it here ( as it has been shown by polls in the past ) . 
   ask asad how it works with him . 
  why should it matter what assad thinks here ? 
  assad matters when it comes to resolving the syrian crisis and thus the roots of the refugee streams , but not when it comes to managing the actual streams at this point in time . 
   you are trying to build whole security strategy of most important state in europe on deal with erdoghan ? 
  it is actually build on a multitude of things . 
  of course , the turkey deal is a very important part , but there is nothing wrong with that . 
  it is not possible to rule out that it will work . 
   i am sorry for you and for europe i do n't need your sympathy . 
  i pity you for your narrow horizon . 
  germany has n't been a `` mostly-homogeneous society '' for ages . 
  the share of foreigners in germany is significantly above the eu average . 
  claiming that we are `` a homogenous society '' ( especially considering the differences between the different parts of germany alone ) is just a display for lack of knowledge . 
  this does not even make sense . 
  the experiences with nazi germany are not even comparable with the current situation . 
  there is nothing that could be ` repeated ' here . 
  it is also not about ` atoning ' . 
  not even close . 
  the current generation in germany does not feel responsible for the crimes in ww2 . 
  this does not mean that we ca n't draw a few conclusions out of it . 
  this is not about any kind of self-punishment . 
  nobdy feels any obligation to ` import sharia law ' by the way . 
  nor is it tolerated . 
  this is stuff you are making up right now , i would like some substantial sources for your claims that go beyond your feels and worldview . 
  really ? 
  a prospering economy , record levels of employment , the highest wage ( and pension ) increases we have seen in decades , germany is more powerful than it has ever been since being founded in 1949 plus the government implementing policies that have approval through all parties . 
  i think that 's a lot of pretty good reasons . 
  no other party is currently offering policies that seem more promising , that would justify a change of government . 
  and if it escaped you - merkel pushing for a european solution instead of closing borders has good approval in germany . 
  people care about the numbers going down , not about a return to national borders . 
  if the turkey deal works , you can be assured that she will be reelected ( and even if it does n't fully work , she might get reelected ) . 
  plus most voters are not single-issue voters . 
  it 's a bit complicated . 
  all i could find were some dated numbers about general usage of services . 
  there is no comparison possible as they are all `` yes/no '' results ( like 85 % use this service , 76 % use this service ) . 
  it is relatively ridiculous to argue with a wikipedia article here . 
  you would need to provide data that actually matters . 
  so far , syrians have extremely low crime rates , even when compared to germans . 
  so no , there are no `` statistics '' that confirm your point . 
  well , what statistics are you talking about here then ? 
   there are still aspects that are n't highly skilled like digging trenches , transporting drywall or cement , and a few other things . 
  we have our own people for that however . 
  if you task a company with building a street , you can hardly tell them to employ refugees instead of their own people . 
  well , that would have worked a few decades back . 
  in the 50s maybe . 
  by now , infrastructure construction is no longer work that unskilled workers can do . 
  i was fortunate enough to be in the us at the moment the euro had its all-time peak . 
  good times . 
  are you serious ? 
  you do believe that we are happy about the weak euro but voice disapproval to mask this ? 
  if you really believe this , you are out of touch with reality . 
  criticism of the weak euro is not only common amongst the mps and the government , the german economists are of this opinion as well and most prominently , the * bundesbank * has been opposed to pretty much everything the ecb did in recent times . 
  and if it did not reach you : germany prospered with the euro at 1.30 . 
  [ l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equalization_payments_in_germany ) . 
  the different states have transfers between each other . 
  plus we still invest quite a bit of our annual federal budget ( around 8 billion ) into the reconstruction of the east ( because of its gdr past ) .
