   for example cyprus is blocking the chapters because turkey does n't recognize republic of cyprus ... ca n't really blame them . 
  from what i have read , cyprus would be okay with the general deal but they are strictly opposed to eu accession talks for turkey . 
  i can understand them as well . 
  maybe the new government of turkish cyprus can bring some traction into this . 
   migrants want germany or nothing we can force people to accept their assigned location . 
  it requires a paneuropean registration system that acutally works and that requires the people to phyiscally go to the local authority to claim their benefits . 
  living on the streets in germany is significantly worse than living in any other european country . 
  you need ways to enforce that and to control that . 
  i am certain that we have the means to do so if we wanted . 
   while it 's fashionable to blast v4 there was no discussion about why only 1000 out of 160 k were relocated . 
  true . 
  i for my part dont blame the v4 for this . 
  there seems to be a problem in the system which needs to be fixed . 
  after all , there are german spots to be gotten . 
  it surely cant be lack of interest from the greek side or the refugee side . 
  greece is interested in getting rid of these people , the refugees desire to be in germany . 
   it will do nothing for the numbers already here given that the number ` already here ' is completely manageable and given the numbers that could potentially come here , i would say this is a non-issue . 
   legitimise a shitty government so what . 
  we are dealing with other shitty governmetns all the time when it benefits us , why should it suddenly be different now . 
  erdogan might be an autocrat , but he is no assad . 
   heavily dependent on turkey well , if you want someone to guard your door , of course you are reliant on that guy . 
  does not mean that it wo n't work . 
   they 've showed fuck all desire to do so they wanted three billions . 
  money that never reached them because countries felt the need to make a bit drama out of a bit money . 
  greece wanted to give money only after success was seen , italy wanted it to be excepted from budget rules , some countries did not want to pay anything at all . 
  small wonder they do n't act in this scenario . 
   it will still also require eu countries to come up with a quota plan and we know how that 's going to go . 
  this would surely prove to be a tough challenge , but depending on the numbers , germany alone could take so many refugees that the numbers other countries would have to take in would be neglectable . 
  we are totally fine with two or three hundred thousand people a year . 
  just a million is too much . 
   i fail to see a single positive thing about the `` plan '' . 
  apart from the fact that we could actually send people back to turkey , easily sort out the people that have no valid claims , take pressure off greece and allow for ordered relocation instead of unguided streams . 
  well , its on the same level as your initial comment . 
  you shift the blame on germany without any elaboration . 
  this is about as thoughtful as blaming wales for it . 
  countries already closed their bordes despite germany not wanting that , why would they let themselves to be pressured into this deal ? 
  there is no handle for germany to force this . 
  and quite frankly , the only argument against the deal that you brought forth so far is that `` it was designed by germany '' . 
  which is a pretty weak argument . 
  if you have n't realized , at least we are * trying * to find a eu-wide solution instead of just closing borders . 
   germany does n't give a shit about greece . 
  know why greece is in such a bad way without the refugees ? 
  i 'll give you a clue . 
  it starts with `` g '' and ends with `` ermany '' i 'll give you a few hints back . 
  `` c '' and `` orruption '' , `` o '' and `` verspending '' , `` d '' and `` ebts '' , `` n '' and `` epotism '' . 
  solid , just shifting the blame on germany alltogether without recognizing that all the decisions were mad with every fucking euro country approving . 
   if you did care you would have done something to stop or stem the flow of immigrants reaching them long before now . 
  you would n't have encouraged more to come . 
  if it has n't reached you yet : it was never our plan to encourage more people to come . 
  what we did was simply an attempt to take the burden off some european countries that were overwhelmed , including greece . 
  tell me how germany alone would have been able to stem the flow without fucking over all the other countries on this route ? 
   you would have given them aid and support to hold , house and process everyone arriving . 
  apart from the following : few people actually applied for asylum in greece and most were just passing through , easing the burden for greece . 
   which country unilaterally suspended dublin ? 
  if you want to go by factual realities , it was the eugh and our courts . 
  even before germany made any kind of announcement , we were not sending people back to greece . 
  neither was any other european country . 
  because it was declared * illegal * by the courts . 
  merkels statement changed nothing in this regard . 
  it was also not `` suspended '' , everything that was done was in accordance with the dublin treaties . 
  the only part where we failed to honour dublin iii was when we allowed people to continue their journey to scandinavia without registering them . 
   who `` arranged '' this little plan with that bastion of european ideals turkey ? 
  where is the issue with the deal ? 
  we were looking for a solution that would be good for all of europe instead of fucking over greece and this seemed to be the most promising one . 
  apart from germany . 
  it is unjust if we have to the only one doing this . 
  unlike what is often claimed - this is is not * our * crisis . 
  if greece goes to shit , everybody in europe is responsible , not just germany . 
  the turkey plan seems to be a solid solution for this . 
  the last time i went to leipzig , it seemed very clean to me . 
  things can change on occation it seems . 
   there are no viable alternatives as of now . 
  true . 
  they either does not believe in turkeys ability/willingness to fulfill its promises or they do not believe that the population would like this . 
  or they simply do n't give a fuck . 
  not wanting greece to be overwhelmed by refugees is hardly a `` messiah complex '' . 
  germany does not criticize these things because we like refugees so much . 
  in fact , we ( and that includes merkel ) want to see the numbers reduced significantly as well . 
  however , not with these measures . 
  closing the borders is a short-sighted solution as it does not help the whole of europe . 
  we simply think it is unworthy of europe and a huge threat for greeces stability , a country that is in a bad condition even without the refugees . 
  to be fair with austria , they really did * a lot * . 
  in multiple months in 2015 , they had more asylum applications per capita than germany while their economic situation is much worse than ours . 
  however their current acting is weird to say the least . 
  they do not really have a viable alternative , closing the borders and redirecting people directly to germany seems to be their only plan . 
  it truely is tricky . 
  it is so tricky that the current situation seems to be preferable . 
   my opinion is that religions should take money only from donations and nothing else , even though it is harsh and it might work out for them . 
  i disagree . 
  churches , whatever one might think of them , offer valuable services for the society , from supporting the poor over holiday programs for the youth to operating hospitals and suicide hotlines . 
  churches should not need to beg to be able to offer these services . 
  i do n't have a problem with the church operating non-profit stuff or owning churches , cathedrals or houses for personnel . 
  it becomes more tricky once they go into the profit sector . 
  i would argue that it still is okay , but they should stay out of managing it . 
  you can own a good share of a business without actively interfering with the company . 
   some debt will have to stay in euro , other debt will be converted in local currency and devaluated . 
  and who would agree to such a swap ? 
  something like this can be done if you are abandoning an old currency alltogether . 
  but `` unfortunately '' , the euro would continue to exist . 
  you would lose pretty much every case in front of an arbitration court if you attempted that .
