  this does not change the fact that this does not happen in the relevant sectors of the market and that it is very unlikely that an overly large share of the refugees will end up in illegal jobs like this . 
  and it does nothing to adress your previous claim . 
  you claimed that `` we are importing refugees '' because `` our employers want people that do not know the minimum wage laws to exploit them as cheap labour '' . 
  neither of which is true . 
  you can not simply claim something and then quickly switch to another topic , realizing that your previous claim was debunked/ridiculous . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  this is a completely different argument than your previous comment ? 
   so in fact much more . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  it 's not insignificant , but i would call it `` large '' not `` giant '' . 
  a `` giant '' number would be something like 10 million or more to me . 
   its because they do n't know the law . 
  you need to be an utter and complete moron to * not * notice that we have a minimum wage in germany . 
  businesses are checked even if there are no reports by employees or customers . 
   but there is a numerical majority to the left of merkel 's christian democrats . 
  only in the current parliament . 
  the polls do not provide a left-wing majority at the moment . 
  `` giant '', 
  it 's not uncommon that stuff like this gets reported , taken to court and subsequently demolished due to a lack of permission . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  at the time you posted it , we very recently ( a few months earlier ) had two posts with this map . 
  and this does not even include further posts of this kind that were n't admitted by the mod team in the first place . 
  we tend to get maps that get posted over and over again - i hope you understand that we do not like it when the same stuff gets posted multiple times within a short period of time . 
  apart from this : this is meta content - please post complaints of this kind in / r/europemeta, 
  not yet clear . 
  there was some shady stuff , but it is not yet clear whether this was just legal ` optimisation ' or illegal cheating as far as i know . 
  they are shifting towards electric cars which needs a lot less workforce since there are less parts in an electric car . 
  plus there will always be more automation . 
  what really helps a lot is that audi and porsche are profitable as hell . 
  this is ot . 
  sorry , wrong sub , mate . 
  i disagree . 
  it is very likely that this will be merkels last term if she wins . 
  this would cause the cdu to shift to the right , creating more space for the spd . 
   if there is a repeat of the sylvester mass assaults or a significant terrorist attack , the emnity of people like them towards merkel will grow . 
  i have no doubts about that . 
  but even then , the result would be merkel as the afd at let 's say 20 % would force another grand coalition . 
  let 's hope we do n't see anything of these sorts . 
  i do n't . 
  the fdp has already signalled that they are not willing to enter a coalition with spd and greens . 
  in my opinion , there are three likely scenarios : red-red-green ; black - green or jamaika . 
  as an emergency backup there is another grand coalition . 
  if i misinterpeted something , i apologize . 
  as we have already established , we actually agree on the issue in general , no need to get lost in semantics . 
  oh do n't act like you did n't want to make a point by asking about afghanis . 
  you have repeatedly suggested that my argument is somehow invalid because the rule of law will cease to exist and that afghanis are causing problems . 
  given that this discussion is about deporting criminal aliens , no other interpretation is possible . 
  holy shit that 's pathetic . 
  first you try to make a very weak attempt of an argument and then you do not even stand by it . 
  it is pretty much the logic of the `` arguments '' you made so far . 
  `` deport the afghans , they are bad , scary people '' . 
   who brought that argument up ? 
  you , by saying * good thing you 'd rather see the lives of germans at stake though *, 
  we neither have a direct election for the chancellor ( like the decision on brexit ) nor a two-party system with electoral college ( like the system that allowed for trump to win ) . 
  in the only scenario where merkel loses is if the left wing parties get enough votes and make a coalition . 
  there is literally a zero percent chance of merkel being succeeded by a right-wing politician at the moment . 
  yeah , how dare i to talk about facts and legal arguments when you are afraid of southern-looking men . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the behavior of afghani boys does not matter in any way for the ( legal ) arguments i made . 
  if someone is a murderer or rapist , i wo n't like him no matter his ethnicity or nationality . 
  this does n't change the fact that i fundamentally oppose deporting him or her to a war area . 
  this is consistent with the application of human rights of pretty much any european court i am aware of . 
  this however is completely unlikely to happen ? 
  the case you linked has nothing to do with refugees 2 . 
  you linked me this norwegian article already , it still is nothing but anecdotal experience . 
  i also fail to see the relevance for germany , a completely different country with different laws and a different prison system . 
  not really . 
  the eternal guarantee protecting art . 
  1 was one of the consequences of the third reich - people have made democratic decisions in the past , limiting their own rights and protection . 
  our constitution tries to prevent this from ever happening again . 
  and i disagree with the `` low treshold '' . 
  i was n't - it is simply factually correct that `` most of them do not arrive in germany '' . 
  it might be surprising , but there are more countries in europe than the ee ones and germany . 
  this does not matter in any way for the point i made . 
   this was a reply to your `` it is not like they would get off without punishment anyways . '', 
  statement , which is factually false . 
  i thought the condition `` if they get caught '' was clear . 
  thus , i would consider my statement true . 
  if one understands it differently , your criticism is justified of course . 
   of course the crime rate has not changed or actually gone down in a country of over 80 million , especially because native germans are less and less likely to commit crimes nowadays . 
  but this argument does not hold any weight in regards to crimes committed by `` refugees '' , because they do commit crimes in a rate disproportionately in comparison to native germans . 
  i think it is not justified to make a general statement for all groups of people that came here . 
  if we look at the statistics , we see that the crime rate of e.g. 
  syrians does n't differ significantly from the crime rate of native germans . 
  the troublemakers are usually from north africa or other countries that are not legitimate origins for refugees . 
  the general tendency is : the higher the acceptance rate of a group , the lower the crime rate . 
  so no , i would not call this argument idiotic . 
  it is flawed considering the high crime rates of people that could be qualified as `` economic migrants '' , but it is valid considering the legitimate refugees . 
   `` official crime statistics '' also ignore ( or rather can not take into account ) un - and under-reported crimes committed in asylum shelters such as sexual assault and rape of children and women as well as the abuse and sexual abuse of gays and trans * people . 
  there are actually quite a lot of reports from these shelters . 
  i can not comment on whether your claim is correct or not . 
  but it is irrelevant to the point that `` native germans are affected negatively '' - crime in the shelters is amongst refugees , it does n't have any impact on the native population whatsoever . 
   at the end i 'd like to say , i agree with you . 
  deporting actual refugees should not happen ( those who commit crimes should be sitting in jail for it , not sent back to their uncertain deaths in their home countries ) and those who are not eligible for asylum should be deported no matter what . 
  now if only two years ago europe actually showed balls and did n't wave through everyone coming from africa because `` refugees welcome '' and actually checked who the hell those people were beforehand , we would n't even have this discussion . 
  could n't agree with you more apart from one thing : people from africa were n't allowed to pass towards germany because `` refugees welcome '' but because the southern countries were incapable and/or unwilling to register them .
