  [ not really ] ( http://www.cesifo-group.de/ifohome/facts/survey-results/business-climate/geschaeftsklima-archiv/2015/geschaeftsklima-20150924/main/01/imagebinary/gsk_240915_climate_ger.png ) . 
  despite the sanctions on russia being in place , our economy has rarely been in a better position . 
   `` angela merkel is not in a position today to resist our demands . '', 
  i dont know how he can come to these conclusions ? 
   `` it [ would be ] an economic disaster for angela merkel to walk in to a new election and say ' i lost the uk , we 're going to have to pay the # 12bn-a-year fiscal transfer , and by the way , we had a # 30bn a year trade surplus with the uk . 
  but now we 're going to have to renegotiate our trade agreement ' . 
  i think he is misinterpreting the german public opinion here . 
  if germany doesnt give in to specific demands of the uk and the uk leaves because of that , i imagine it will be positive for angela merkel , not the contrary . 
  people are annoyed by the special treatment the uk gets and they are not to keen on giving more to them . 
  the deal will be public everywhere before its being voted on . 
  denmark is not a special case here . 
  of course they did . 
  and of course it is not binding or set in stone . 
  however i simply used the example of these two to show that there very much * are * obstacles towards the signing of the treaty . 
  lets just wait and see what the final deal brings , then we can judge . 
  then we can decide whether we need the parliaments to block the deal . 
   the connection is that the german goverment is willing to sell out the rights of their own people for convenience and to not `` anger '' the us . 
  well , then tell me what they should have done instead . 
  all that the government * could * have done is purely symbolic . 
  we can not prosecute us diplomats in germany , we can not sue the us for doing so . 
  and most importantly , we can not stop them from doing so . 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  sanction the us ? 
  expel all us representatives from germany ? 
  none of these actions would have any effect other than hurting ourselves . 
  i simply do not see the connection people are trying to draw between these things . 
  considering the nsa : there is simply nothing that we can do about it . 
  it 's sad , but that 's the reality . 
  and there is no possibility to change that . 
  the us has an intelligence budget that exceeds the military budgets of most european nations . 
  quite the contrary with ttip . 
  if we dont want it , we wo n't get it . 
  the eu parliament has proven to be willing to stand up to bad deals . 
  i dont see why this would be different here . 
  the deal is required to be signed by both the eu and the member states . 
  amongst these member states greece , who announced that they will not sign it and france that said they will not sign a deal without changes to isds . 
  it is anything but sure that this deal will be signed . 
  you say that the deal will be signed no matter what . 
  which is wrong . 
  snowden is actually in * no * way comparable to ttip . 
  the precedent we have to look at is acta , showing that they are , under circumstances , ready to decline bad agreements . 
  before you just to quick conclusions , you should wait for what is written in the final draft . 
  it sounded like you connected the unreliability with the tv channel . 
  this is a comparison that sucks . 
  it is not the aim of the cdu/csu to promote christianity . 
  they believe ( somewhat ) in christian values , however it is far from being their central topic . 
   it 's about rich western countries showing that they stand by their allies even if it costs them some trade . 
  thats what we have been doing ? 
  its easy to say from your position that you have ` taken a much harder line ' since you are not as connected to russia as we are . 
  the poll is n't conducted by the zdf and it is representative . 
  you wo n't get much closer to the reality . 
  and by the way - pretty much * all * polls for the greek referendum were mistaken . 
   in practical terms , yes , it functions much the same . 
  but it still teaches us that we ca n't trust what the eu says . 
  how so ? 
  where is the issue if you are not affected in the slightest ? 
  it likely would n't be legal to pursue this without this compensation mechanism . 
  i can understand that there is * some * legal uncertainty with it , but as far as i can see this does not contradict any treaty with you . 
   correct , but the fact that it was proposed it was proposed to use uk money that in the same turn would be backed up . 
  i dont think you can get much closer to being not affected . 
   fact that greece is n't fixed but just kicked down the road a few years given that all participants agree that they will give a debt cut to greece ( not nominal though ) if they implement the measures that were agreed on , it is possible that the situation will improve . 
  of course you cant fix this within a few years . 
  we will see the first results in about a month . 
  i 'll reserve my judgement until then . 
  if no uk money is at stake , it is pretty much an opt-out from participating in my book ? 
   could that opt-out be revoked by a majority vote from the eu per the lisbon treaty ? 
   iirc , eu funds that partly came from the uk were used to finance greece . 
  they werent . 
  the bridge loan came from the esm . 
   they have n't overcome the greek debt crisis , just pushed it back a few years . 
  i already corrected myself elsewhere , saying that `` survived '' would have been the more appropriate word choice . 
  you realize that this was just due to the nature of the proposed loan ? 
  it was meant to be a bridge loan from an institution that the uk is funding . 
  * however * it was just de facto uk money , in reality the uk funds would have been guaranteed by the other member states . 
  so there was n't a single penny of uk taxpeayer money that would have been at stake . 
   but still want to stay in the eu . 
  so you vote ukip . 
  these two dont go together very well . 
   i 've kind of gotten the impression that people feel this is the get out or shut up moment for britain . 
  either they leave , or they 'll be required to play a larger role in the future of the eu . 
  i actually very much hope that they play a bigger role in the eu in the future . 
  this would * not * require them to give up any further souvereignity . 
  europe needs the uk and france to play their part - as a counterweight for germany . 
   but fucking christ the front page of / r/europe [ 1 ] every day gives the strong impression that europe is burning around your ears . 
  do you think that makes people feel like they want to be a part of this ? 
  the front page of / r/europe is in no way representative of europe . 
   the people of the uk are impacted by their perception of the eu and the euro zone and what it means . 
  the greek crisis is a mess that makes the eu look bad and that weakens support for membership . 
  the uk people will likely be as much affected as they would be if they were not part of the eu . 
   when uk journals are writing stories with headlines like . 
  `` volkswagen emissions scandal : diesel `` worse than the black plague '' and responsible for 50,000 premature deaths a year in the uk alone '' [ 2 ] . 
  would you say that 'll have a positive or a negative impact on people 's desire for union ? 
  this is about diesels , not about the eu . 
  people around the world buy our cars , no matter if same union or not . 
  and i am pretty sure that the brits are aware of that . 
  in my opinion it affects our relationship as much as the fact that burgers from mcdonalds are unhealthy affect our relaionship with the us - meaning it doesnt affect us in any way . 
   because it generates resentment , and distrust . 
  the german policy of tying your nation to your largest corporations means that corporate scandals are to a degree national scandals as well . 
  i doubt that . 
   eastern europe feels extremely threatened by russian militarism but the european response has been decidedly mild .
