  this will probably be even worse in france , spain or the eastern european countries . 
  you would have to school the soldiers in english before you can actually send them into their training . 
  as far as i am concerned the income inequalities in the us are way below the level of the rich and poor parts of europe . 
  this is exactly what i just wrote ? 
  if you do not have the institution of asylum , you can hardly have refugees . 
  i wonder how you are going to pressure saudi-arabia on that issue . 
  as i said , they did not take in * refugees * but they took in sryrians as * workforce * before the syrian war emerged , which they now allowed to stay . 
  this comes from the unhcr . 
  there are some translation mistakes , when it talks about the uk it means the kingdom of saudi-arabia . 
  it is not about the safety in saudi arabia , it is about the lack of an asylum policy in this country . 
  saudi-arabia has allowed over a million syrians to stay , granting them access to education and healthcare . 
  the syrians came to saudi-arabia as workforce , however their permit would have run out . 
  however , the saudi countries have no asylum system like we have , them not doing something does not mean that we should do the same . 
  well , i did not want to completely fail the topic . 
  generally speaking i am in favor of a joint european army , however i think it is impossible to reach that goal unless we have a full union ( and even then some points remain ) due to several points . 
  * the french , brits and italy ( and likely more countries ) are too proud to give up on their armies * it would prompt ideological debates that do not have a solution , especially considering nukes and export of arms * the arms industries of the member states of the eu would be forced to merge or go bankrupt . 
  there will only one type of each weapon needed over the course of 20-40 years . 
  once one company has secured a deal , the other companies could essentially give up on development for this category as exports alone wont pay for the development cost . 
  also , there are problems attached since some arms industries ( e.g. 
  nexter ) are ( at least partly ) state-owned and are running deficits . 
  * since troups would be mixed in europe , there is a problem with the salary of the troops . 
  it would be unjustified to pay a romanian soldier deployed in the uk less than a uk soldier , however , a uk soldier in romania would still need to earn as much as before because the possible savings on a romanian salary is non-existant in uk terms . 
  it would probably end up with soldiers in uk being badly payed and romanian soldiers being overpayed . 
  * in case of events like in mali , it would be really troublesome to send troops since most of europe does not have a connection to that country , it would be hard to sell it to the population why a e.g. 
  polish soldier died protecting a former colony of france . 
  it is a pity since elimiminating doubled structures and cutting down on size would have a lot of potential for increase of power of the troops while cutting costs at the same time . 
  i do not know what germanys stance on this issue is . 
  as for the federalized eu , i personally am in favor of it . 
  however , i deem it unlikely that this is a project of a few years . 
  we do not even have a functioning democratic system for the eu and i have not seen suggestions for a system that would actually work . 
  we seriously need europe-wide parties together with paneuropean votings where you do not only vote for your national representatives . 
  if we ever reach a federalized union , i also do not have any problems with mutual debts . 
  however , a ` real ' union would need to stand strong against the interests of the member-states to prevent cherrypicking . 
  i am also in favor of the eu having a say on national budgets ( opposite to mr. tsipras , who just spoke out against anything of that kind in his article in * le monde * ) , at least to a certain extend , to prevent large-scaled mismanagement and fiscal irresponsibility . 
  our finance minister is somewhat in favor of this , at least it is seen way more favorable in germany than it is seen in many other countries . 
  the single digital and service market seem good ideas to me , however i have not looked that deep into the issues , so i might have overseen some problems attached to those actions . 
  i got that , but in consideration of what ? 
  a european army ? 
  a united europe ? 
  digital single market ? 
  well i usually play with friends , some of which have a tendency to drag me into every war possible if i am allied to them . 
  what do you mean by the ` pipe dream ' ? 
  sorry , i have never heared that term and google gives me extremely different topics . 
  i was referring to europa universalis :p, 
  well , unless you are blessed with strong backing and a large army , the ` global ' attempt can easily backfire in eu . 
  i do not think we have to disagree , i second the notion that practised power output should not be everything . 
  at a second thought , i would qualify the uk more as a ` sleeping power ' - ready to reclaim its former role without major effort ( well , unless we are talking about the colonial empire here lol ) . 
  what i wrote is certainly not set in stone , it can end up changing rather quickly . 
  i knew you would come up with mali , however this just proves that the french army has decent special forces , which is not making them a superpower in the same turn . 
  i find it difficult to justify calling a country a superpower without taking the ` soft ' elements of power into account . 
  the uk has refrained from taking an active role in international conflicts since half a decade now . 
  china has , by a large margin , the largest army in the world , also they spend more on military than russia and france combined . 
  however they are limiting their influence on their own surrounding area , they are not taking an active role in international conflicts either . 
  thus , i would qualify them as a major power , but not as superpowers . 
  russia on the opposite has a faulty system , they have lots of issues with maintaining their army ( i read about them not even being able to sustain supplies for army exercises , forcing their soldiers to cannibalize equipment if they need replacement parts for other equipment , people dying due to malfunctions etc ) , yet they take an active role in international politics and they still have enough hard power to back this up . 
  for all of the recent crises , be it ukraine ( naturally ) , syria , libya etc. , there is no way past russia if you aim to resolve these crises . 
  i did not equalize non-aggressiveness with weakness , however not wanting to be a part of anything is somewhat a sign of weakness . 
  while i disagree with scrapping the echr , drawing the line towards the nazi regime seems too harsh to me , in fact , it is a comparison out of this world . 
  did n't one report of the mod also say that the problems could be resolved just using a better plastic , making each rifle about 10 $ more expensive ? 
  http://news.in.gr/greece/article/?aid=668412&amp;lngdtrid=244 the contract is from the pre-crisis time - there is little official information on what happened to it though . 
  i put russia this high not because i think their army is amazing . 
  however , in terms of bare numbers and threatening potential , russia is one step above uk and france . 
  also , especially the uk has suffered a drastic decrease in influence on the world affairs by playing a really passive role over the last years . 
  also , while both the uk and france possess nuclear warheads , russia is the only one that actively incooperated them into their defensive scheme and they also has them in numbers needed to nuke the whole world . 
  well i lost my point somehow ... but in the end it does not really matter does it ? 
  we know that russia has the power to put the whole world in ashes and an army big enough to defend their claims , however they are an economic shithole . 
  fair enough . 
  would you with the following ranking ? 
  * us : hyperpower * russia : superpower * uk/france/china : major power, 
  they also look pretty badass . 
  well , buying tanks but no ammunition for them would be an example of `` unsuited equipment '' to me . 
  not unsuited per se , but unsuited the way it was done . 
  however it is completely retarded to commit to an arms race with a country that is much larger and , more importantly , part of the same defense alliance as you are . 
  much of the equipment bought however is not even suited for successful defenses , your government just bought it because they were either bribed or because they wanted to have equipment in numbers equal to turkey ( or both ) . 
  well , russia is n't asking anyone for permission either . 
  it always seemed to me that your armament policy was more oriented at what turkey has than what would be needed . 
  just checked back on that - it was pyrkal which later merged with ebo , forming eas . 
  my information is that eas employs 2000 people however , but they also sell other stuff than rifles . 
  the us is a ` superpower ' . 
  if you put any of these armies next to the us , their armies seem tiny and irrelevant . 
  none of these armies ( france and britain ) is capable of doing much more than missions in underdeveloped states , fighting against milizias or underequipped armies . 
  how is china inferior ? 
  was this the company that sold ammunition to their own army at twice the price they were selling it to foreign armies ? 
  given the concentration of military strength in europe and russia , it would not even justify calling them a ` regional power ' . 
  they are no superpowers . 
  britain is cutting its military , britain and france had trouble even sustaining their commitment in libya ( ammunition-wise ) , russias military is somewhat in bad shape , their soldiers are underpayed and their economy is having trouble sustaining their military expenses . 
  they sure are some of the major military powers in the world , however i do not think it is justified to call them ` superpowers ' . 
  they would be purchaseable on gas stations at the borders , the problem lies solely with the tax break . 
  you would have someone complaining - the germans . 
   but poland still has a long way to go to catch up to the biggest military powers in europe -- russia , france , the united kingdom , germany -- all of the mentioned can hardly be called superpowers , hell , germany is not even a major military power . 
  does that also apply to the ferries ? 
  compared to the proposed toll rate in germany , this is still a lot , even in relation to the average income . 
  then again , your country has to keep up an enormeous amount of infrastructure in relation to your number of citizens , so it is probably justified . 
  well , it also works the other way around , disabling the other countries from discriminating us . 
  ( also your toll rates are freaking expensive ), 
  you are not part of the eu . 
  it is forbidden to discriminate members of other eu states . 
  ` rewording ' or rebranding is exactly what they are trying to do to bypass the eu regulations - but it is still a kind of discrimination . 
  g3s are working fine . 
  they are just getting old ( greece started producing g3s in licence in 1977 ) .
