  von der leyen is actually seen as even more open to the issue than merkel . 
  she has been quiet about the issue and that is likely because she noticed voicing her opinion wo n't help her given that her stance is in large parts comparable to merkel 's . 
  it is also the best thing to to if you want to fuck over other countries and harm your economic wellbeing while dealing a significant blow to the european project . 
  as it was supposed to be according to dublin . 
  italy was not into numbers that would threaten the stability of the system at that point . 
  everybody knew that they were doing it though . 
  the other politicians were willing to close not only one eye but both . 
  the fun part about this : the book was never banned . 
  nonsense . 
  this book seriously does n't pose a danger to anyone . 
   it 's not necessary it 's not just unnecessary , it is also pointless . 
  you wo n't really gain much additional knowledge , you will simply be confused . 
   i would have suggested waiting for the next treaty change or try to force that to be earlier to save money to be slightly more sure what you are voting on . 
  there is the other side however : the other states see no reason to implement the rules in case of a brexit . 
  it will be pretty tough to challenge treaty changes agreed upon by * all * member states in court . 
  there is no point in consenting and immediately running to court afterwards . 
   so the uk has to hold another referendum after possibly the ` reforms ' it secured amount to nothing ? 
  i do not know about the exact legal nature of the referendum , depending on this either a second referendum or a withdrawal without another vote . 
  yes . 
  but consent from the greek side in the negotiations after threatening not to consent does not make it very likely that they will shoot it down in the parliament do n't you think ? 
  `` believe us , * this * time we are serious '' or what ? 
   my understanding was the uk agreement must be voted by all 27 parliaments well , it was reported that all nations consented on the results . 
  did n't they announce the same concerning the uk negotiations yet agreed with them in the end ? 
  i really do not see where the issue is . 
  treaty changes will follow in case the uk votes ` in ' . 
  if these changes are not met , the uk could still leave without problems . 
  it is not like this is an opportunity that is only open this year . 
   i imagine the costs would be tremendous to enforce such relatively small sums . 
  not worth it imo as you have to basically pay for two proceedings regarding one claim . 
  many germans are insured for these expenses , 
  what is so hard to understand about what i wrote ? 
  we will get ( about ) a year to study the text once we have a final draft . 
  which makes it possible to conclude the negotiations under the obama term . 
  nobody is talking about finally enacting ttip in the remaining months of his term . 
  you should probably read the article again . 
  it is talking about ` concluding the talks/negotiations ' and not about enacting the deal . 
  there wo n't be change to this . 
  it is simply talking about bringing the talks to a conclusion . 
  this does not mean that it will immediately be voted on . 
  the political system of the us would n't even allow for something else . 
  which makes it pointless to talk about an ` invitation ' . 
  as i outlined elsewhere - a statement that is no invite does n't suddenly become one if it is mistaken for one . 
  if you find a newer source , please link it to me , i 'm genuinely interested as well . 
   what countries have stated they will not deport refugees back to greece ? 
  mainly german courts , but i think i read something about at least one other european country . 
  i unfortunately ca n't remember which one . 
  countries that will not deport to greece [ ( according to this source ) ] ( http://www.w2eu.info/dublin2.en/articles/deportationstop-greece.en.html ) : austria belgium denmark finland france germany hungary iceland ireland netherlands norway sweden switzerland uk, 
  the decision still stands and was echoed by domestic courts in various countries . 
  i am also not aware of any deportations to greece . 
  nevertheless , this does not mean that it is suspended . 
  there are more entry countries than greece . 
  the only ` real ' suspension was when germany openly offered to process the syrian refugees and this has been reverted since then . 
  dublin has specific provisions that make it possible to process people even when you are not responsible . 
  this does not change the fact that the agreement is commonly violated by letting refugee pass through without registering them . 
  dublin iii was enacted after the inital ruling in 2011 by the way ( in 2013 ) , this would not make much sense if it was suspended all together . 
  because i have zero background on the demographic . 
  i do n't even know where the asylum seekers were from . 
  at least here in germany , we notice that there are extreme differences between the groups of different origins . 
  syrians have amonst the lowest crime rates while a large shares of other groups commit crimes . 
  so , if 2000 of these 4000 are from one of these problematic origins , it would disqualify the numbers as the current origins are different . 
  this article is not only three years old , it also had a laughably small sample size ( apparently 4000 total refugees ) . 
  i 'd like a source for that . 
  all statistics so far indicate that its ok . 
  since we have n't seen significant increases in crimes - yes we are currently . 
  i dont know what will be in the future , but we are not having many problems with it now . 
  there are more crime areas than that . 
  this was not an absolute list . 
  it still is unrealistic that it is beating the general crime rate by asylum seekers . 
   when in reality you ca n't do a shit , because you 're bound by international agreements and ww2 guilt . 
  the bosnians left after the balkan war , deportation is allowed in international agreements . 
   n some countries people are in charge , not government elite . 
  try searching for `` direct democracy '' , you 'll be amused . 
  direct democracy is not superior to representative democracy . 
   but previously asking these country folks would be a reasonable thing to do . 
  on what matter ? 
   only thing germany can do is throw piles of cash at them it 's the opposite actually . 
  we threatened to stop paying money to the countries if they refuse to take people back . 
   you 're just another happy citizen who likes to think that government will fix everything for you . 
  nobody but the government is able to fix this . 
  unless you consider genocide by the masses a valid option . 
  dublin is in fact not suspended . 
  it is just a factual legal situation that prevents it from working . 
  it is illegal to send people back to greece , so we dont have much of a choice ( well , apart from closing borders ) . 
  there have n't been ` dozens of mass rapes ' in germany . 
  you are trying to argue against raw statistics with singular incidents . 
  what happened was n't pretty , but there is no need to instrumentalize it . 
  we have to rely on the statistics to get a clear picture , and the statistics tell us that rapes are not as common as the media makes it seem to be sometimes . 
  if you have some statistics backing up whatever your point is , reply . 
  but if you do n't , just dont bother to reply . 
  it 's easy to play the emotional card , it 's hard to argue with reliable data . 
   by literal definition not an invite , by real world definition is an invite . 
  by real world definition , it is an incentive and not an invite . 
  lets do the following example : i go to a group of beggars and say : i 'm gon na throw a party with free beer and food , you beggars can come join me . 
  i only directed this invite at this specific group of people i am talking to . 
  suddenly , other beggars show up because its free food and they know i will not throw them out . 
  nobody would argue that i invited the other people , would you ? 
  ( the beggar picture was only chosen because it was convenient )  your source is non specific in the extreme , if you wish this to have meaning please find a source that talks about the uk specifically , as this is what your claim was about . 
  i said i did not know whether they actually did . 
  given that the uk has in fact been incredibly generous ( it has donated about 230 % or 250 % of what would have been due to its economical strength ) , i am willing to believe that the uk has in fact honoured their pledges . 
  i believe the same to be true for germany 's pledges , but i do not have certainty either .
