  about the chinese power in europe : the chinese are buying in europe , no matter whether we like it or not . 
  they have more money than we can dream of and they will buy if they want smething . 
  for their influence , it does not matter whether they are buying private enterprises or state-owned businesses . 
  globalized world . 
  it works in multiple directions . 
  the european countries and companies have assets all over the world as well . 
   not to you obviously . 
  it seems to matter to the dock workers . 
  honestly , they care about their work conditions . 
  which is completely reasonable and understandable . 
  but they fail to see the bigger picture - if they want to have a safe workplace in the future that is actually growing and improving due to investments , costco is the better bet . 
  it also brings good business prospects for costco ships using that port . 
  costco is involved there since 2009 and the growth is good . 
  apparently , the port made 31 millions net profit in 2005 . 
  greece will get 100 millions a year from costco ( plus investments ) . 
  seems pretty fair to me . 
   the government needs to go into debt when it does n't collect enough taxes , is my point . 
  if the government only took interest in maintaining the status quo , it would not need to indebt itself . 
   most western states have found it impossible to collect enough tax revenue to finance all of their operations because rich people would much rather lend them the money and get it back with interest than pay it in tax , which is a reality that has been recognised since 1776 . 
  so in your opinion the government should own all businesses ? 
  we have seen how that goes in the gdr and the eastern bloc . 
  government debt is not necessarily bad or evil . 
  it is completely fine for a country to go into debt as long as their debt level stays at a moderate level . 
  by sufficient i mean ` able to run the state ' including functioning public services , government and welfare . 
  if this means running into debt - so be it , as long as you do n't overspend . 
  they did no such thing . 
  the value of greek assets that have been privatized so far is laughable . 
  this comparison does not even make sense . 
  never said that . 
  however it is not necessary that the governement owns these things . 
  all that matters is that people stay in work , new jobs are created and the business grows . 
  because so will the tax yield . 
  workers rights being lowered is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  it is common that state-owned enterprises are notoriously uncompetitive due to insanely high costs for the employees . 
  i do n't want to say that it is necessarily good , but sometimes lowering the protection is a necessary evil to allow these jobs to continue to exist . 
  and greece has no better options . 
  you could have a profitable industry - if it does not yield enough money for necessary investments and you do n't have that money either , private enterprises are the way to go . 
  plus something like this is always a kind of luxury . 
  and since many other countries have privatized their ports already , why would they give money to greece so that they can keep luxuries we do n't have . 
  it is sufficient for most countries . 
  a state does not need to own all the businesses . 
  especially a country like greece which has a weaker security net that most other european states is more reliant on people being in work . 
  we for example privatized the hamburg port ( partially ) years ago . 
  that 's how things go . 
  things like this fall into the category ` nice to have ' , but it simply is n't a necessity . 
  all judgement aside - this simply does not matter . 
  all that matters is that they do not have the money , whatever the reasons are . 
  there 's a bit more to that than just the euro . 
   `` why should china be masters of the game at piraeus and not the greek state ? '', 
  because china has the means to invest into the port and the greek state does n't . 
   you really think it is far fetched for criminals to steal from a truck where they have to expect no resistance from ? 
  yes . 
  because i am talking about the test runs . 
   keep in mind that the cargo of such a truck is often worth hundreds of thousands of euros . 
  we are talking about test runs here . 
  not about actual use for transfer of goods . 
  i have n't read about them carrying anything . 
   in 2013 over 900 cases of cargo theft were reported in the usa with each cargo having an average value of $ 184,101 causing a total damage of over 200 million dollars . 
  the total amount of damage done by cargo theft worldwide is over $ 22 billion . 
  and i assume only a fraction of that was stolen from trucks that were actually on the road . 
  i would actually argue that fully automatized cargo trucks * reduce * the chances of theft as they have to take no breaks ( apart from refueling , however that will be done ) . 
  i know that there are actual cases of cargo being stolen from moving trucks , but this is n't dependent on the truck having a driver or not . 
   i mean it 's not only stealing but also situation like calais with refugees jumping trucks well , this situation is more or less unique to the calais route . 
  which they did n't take . 
   simple being in an accident etc. 
  imagine a truck gets into an accident if you get into an accident , it actually does not matter whether someone is aboard or not . 
  googles self-driving cars have had accidents as well . 
  essentially it means that one less person might get harmed in the accident . 
  additionally , driverless cars usually call ambulance and police themselves in case of a crash . 
  i am not . 
  that ... sounds a bit far-fetched i think . 
  it does n't say that . 
  it says that your infrastructure is still top notch . 
  this does not change the fact that you ( and we ) are living off our capital . 
  infrastructure is crumbling slowly , but it will eventually mean a significant loss in quality . 
  to a regular driver it does not matter whether a bridge is new or near collapse as long as it is safe to drive on . 
  once the brige is past that point however , it becomes problematic . 
  well you do invest them , but in foreign companies instead of domestic infrastructure . 
   the world bank seems to disagree , placing the us behind only 4 other countries ( germany , singapore , netherlands , norway ) . 
  this does not really change anything . 
  a good part of your infrastructure is crumbling ( especially the bridges ) . 
  and so is ours . 
  lack of spending in infrastructure is actually a serious topic here ( we just announced to increase government funding for our transport infrastructure by 50 % ) . 
  and it shows - if you are driving on the autobahns currently , you will notice that * a lot * of our bridges are undergoing reconstruction . 
  so yes , we might be at the top of infrastructure , but we are far from perfect and we will see a significant decline unless we invest a lot more . 
  around 44 mp/h , accurate . 
  it 's no joke , this is the actual speed limit . 
  its 70-80 in most places . 
  my biggest problem is the fact that the tab menu is fucking up every time it reloads because of res . 
  when it adds the `` view images '' column , it stretches the whole tab menu and relocates every button a bit . 
  we would probably be better off leaving the tab buttons where they usually are . 
  it just ` feels ' right to have them on the left . 
  simply because they are there everywhere else on reddit . 
  apart from that - i like the style . 
  adding a header image really gives a good touch to it . 
  likely due to legal reasons . 
  spoken like a true 13-day old account . 
   germany did good enough before euro they would probably do good enough if the euro would be gone . 
  long-term maybe . 
  short-term no way .
