  we have a net loss of about 200.000 people per year just based on births/deaths . 
  meaning that for 50 years , we need 10 million people to even that out . 
  that is by far not 25 % . 
  we are ` down a million ' because of a statistic inaccuracy . 
  the population was calculated based on numbers from 1987 , only from the western part . 
  the 2011 census fixed that . 
  it is assumed that we will have a net immigration of 2.2 million people between 2012 and 2017 . 
  i do not think that you can fix everything with migrants , no . 
  however you can use steady immigration to counteract a bit of the negative effects . 
  steady immigration is also a lot healthier for a society . 
  `` haha '' just seems just a very awkward and unnatural thing for me to write or read . 
  we however do greatly benefit from the free movement in the eu . 
  with our economy prospering ( hopefully it continues that way ) and the jobs getting more and more international ( at least the high-skilled ones ) , we could be off worse . 
  if we really run into the situation of a large shortage of people , the wages for these jobs will naturally increase and thus be more attractive for foreign people . 
  still , we got a lot of work to do setting incentives for these people to actually come here , a better recognition rate of foreign degrees and faster working permits for qualified people from outside the eu . 
  also , we must not make the same mistakes we made when we took in all the immigrant workers in the 70s . 
  ( i do not think it was bad to get these workers , however there were a lot of politic mistakes made , including telling our population that these people would only be here for some time , this was just unrealistic ) . 
  this is what i was saying ? 
  with ` internet acronyms ' i meant stuff of the likes of ` rofl ' and ` lol ' . 
   and it 's never come to fruition because there was n't the need to do so . 
  i can see plenty of jobs that could be replaced by automation ( e.g. 
  train drivers , almost all of our trains still have a human driver ) . 
  our problem however is not the lack of workers for jobs that could potentially be replaced by machines ( this could also be solved by hiring huge numbers of foreign workers like we did with turkey and greece a few decades ago ) . 
  the problem lies with the jobs that require high education . 
  unless we can convince educated , intelligent people from the rest of the world to come here , the future certainly is dire . 
  depends a lot on your referendum . 
  if you actually decide to leave , the numbers for the uk will be lower . 
  if the immigration continues the way it is currently , we wont see germanys population decreasing anytime soon . 
  ( the statistic stops before the huge increases in immigration ) . 
  we mainly like our smileys . 
  we also use the internet acronyms , you seldomly see someone go `` hahaha '' . 
  unless someone released him with the intention that the elephant would kill someone , it should be negligent homicide . 
  it all depends on the situation , i doubt that they will find someone responsible . 
  people will just claim that they thought someone else was responsible . 
  however , negligent homicide does not mean that someone has to go to jail . 
  we had cases where the dog of someone killed a cyclist , he got a sentence of 100 days of paying 25 $ ( the number of days determines the level of the punishment , the sum of money is connected to your income ) . 
  isds is by far not as harmful as it is often claimed . 
  germany is the country that holds the most isds agreements , yet i did not see hoards of companies suing our country . 
  the philip morris case in australia is far from decided and generally speaking , in all the cases where countries were forced to pay ( which is a minority of the cases ) , it was pretty well justified . 
  the proposal for an international court of arbitration sounds pretty good to me , it fixes some of the problems with isds while lifting it on a more neutral level . 
  the eu has said time and time again that there will be no concessions on our safety standarts ( you can judge if they stand by their word once the agreement is published ) . 
  banking regulation is - contrary to the public opinion - weaker than the us regulation . 
   i 'd like to hear any european tradeoffs if such exist . 
  well , our industry naturally benefits from harmonization of guidelines and easier access to the us market . 
  for example : so far , car companies have to conduct crash tests two times , once for europe and once for the us . 
  both testing types ensure that a car is safe , however they are slightly different . 
  adapting one for both countries ( or saying either one is fine ) will reduce costs . 
  other example : mirrors for agricultural machines have to be slightly different , there is no advantage to either of them , it is just regulation . 
  this lists continues in many areas and even more examples . 
  furthermore , more competition between european and american companies should ensure more competetive prices and products for the customers . 
  ( yes , this comes at the chance that there will be jobs lost , however this should even out in other areas ) . 
  of course there are areas where us interests are endangering our own interests , however this is why we have negotiations . 
  if the eu doesnt agree on parts , it will not be part of the agreement . 
  it is not like this is an us-written proposal that we have to either eat or die . 
  how do you know ? 
  all that has been published so far have been negotiating positions from both sides . 
  until it is published we can not really say how it will turn out . 
  the question should not be if they can ` save us from ttip ' but if they can ` ensure that ttip will be a deal that benefits both sides without lowering standarts ' . 
  just because you are young male doesnt mean that you dont meet the requirement for asylum . 
  the views of the echr are in no way outdated in my opinion , sending people ` back ' into countries were civil war or war is going on is not exactly a humane option , echr or not . 
  australia has it fairly easy , they just unload all their boat people at new guinea . 
  not exactly nice , but at least not in a war-area . 
  considering asylum policy : you either have one or you dont . 
  you cant have ' a bit ' of asylum . 
  since it is not possible to claim asylum from abroad , this probably wont change - coming here by boat is the only way to get asylum in europe . 
  if we opened refugee centres in nothern africa , we would have a lot less of these problems , we would immediately know who is eligible for asylum and who is not . 
  in that case , it could even be justified accepting nobody coming by boat in my opinion . 
  it would also somewhat solve the problems of all people arriving in greece or italy and the problem with hundreds of people dying in the sea while also destroying the business of the traffickers . 
  however , the negative side of this option , and that is actually huge , would be that we would eventually get a lot more asylum seekers in europe . 
  it requires a lot less courage to apply for asylum from somewhere in africa than actually paying a trafficker and making the tour over the sea . 
  nobody really knows what the constitution actually says . 
  while it was written in very recent times ( compared to most european states ) , greece does not have a constitutional court interpreting it . 
  interpretations by the regular greek courts have sometimes violated what the creators intended with it ( some of them are still alive and spoke out against that interpretations ) . 
  overcoming demographics is not easy ( actually not possible short-term ) however adjusting to the conditions is possible . 
  yes , even in a private system , employees have to pay contributions , however it takes some financial responsibilities off the government . 
  this is why i was talking about a demographic problem . 
  i know that they have a high budget percentage because of demographics . 
  if your pension system is completely unsustainable for the state , you might consider switching towards a private-funded pension system . 
  it should never happen that the rest of your family has to live off your pension , however i suppose that is how it is , unfortunately . 
  greece spends over 15 % of its gdp on pensions . 
  check the eurostat ( ? ), 
  document i linked elsewhere in this thread . 
  this is not true . 
  health and environment protection can still be put into laws without fearing about having to pay compensation unless it is disproportionate and arbitrariness . 
  well , you can retire here earlier aswell ( we have pension at 67 in place ) , you will just get less pension if you retire early . 
  nevertheless my point stands , i do not think we will see that much of a drastic increase in worklife duration , partly due to the lack of jobs . 
  your pension spending actually accumulates to over 15 % of your gdp . 
  introducing retirement at 67 does not mean that the people will actually retire at 67 . 
  if you assume that the average person starts its worklife at lets say 23 , the 32.1 years in greece would mean that the average person retired with 55 so far . 
  i dont believe that your ` official ' retirement age was 55 . 
   then it becomes the question what exactly the problem is . 
  is it that 40 % of the people fit to work do not contribute to the budget , or that x % of the population is too old ? 
  i would say that it is a mixture of many factors . 
  greeces spending on pensions has always been exceedingly high , even before we got to that huge number of unemployed people . 
  of course , the best way to fix this problem would be to increase the overall budget by putting all these people into work , and that should also be the goal . 
  however , you can not only focus on the gain side but you also have to take a look at the spending side . 
  [ the average work life of a greek worker ( p. 13 ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/pdf/themes/04_pensions.pdf ) is on the bottom of the list in the european comparison . 
  even if it may be partly due to the high unemployment rates in general , it is not surprising that you are overspending on pensions if your workers retire ` too early ' . 
   and that 's pretty much the stalemate the negotiations are in . 
  unfortunately .
