  plus you ignore that refugees are actually supposed to go back after the war is over . 
   unlimited asylum is also unlimited migration it is n't . 
   the situation in africa and the middle east will not improve any time soon the situation in most of africa does n't justify asylum anyways . 
   accepting unlimited asylum seekers this just is n't happening though . 
   become less and less german and more and more middle eastern and african over time . 
  not even close . 
  corrected , thank you !, 
  you fail to see that this is not an issue that can be limited to the legal reality in germany . 
  we might not have an upper legal limit , but we are taking measures to stop the flow of refugees into europe and thus into our country . 
  this is what matters . 
  merkel has no desire for another million refugees in 2017 and there wo n't be another million - the flows are rather small at the moment , and so are the arrival numbers in germany . 
   people speaking in favor of unlimited migration are usually leftists , maybe a few libertarian nutbags , but they 're the fringe minority on the right , while it 's a mainstream position on the left and has been so for decades . 
  the cdu is n't doing that however . 
  no worries , 
  being part of that organization was pretty much mandatory when you wanted to pursue higher education paths . 
  merkel does advocate for open borders * inside * europe - as it has brought great prosperity to this continent and since the most prominent `` closed border '' - the german inner border until 1990 - has brought a lot of suffering upon millions of people . 
  not declaring an upper limit for refugee numbers ( which is legal nonsense by the way ) does not mean that she supports taking in unlimited numbers of people 4 . 
  if you call the cdu or merkel `` leftist '' , you really have no fucking clue . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  please use / r/askeurope instead . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  we noted your proposal and will try to include it in the next survey . 
  i hope you understand that we wo n't modify the survey afterwards as it would skew the results . 
  i think the more important question is : does the `` free world '' still * have * a leader ? 
  who even is part of the `` free world '' at this point ? 
  i do still think that the us is part of the `` free world '' , however trump , given the campaign that he has been running , disqualified himself as the `` leader of the free world '' in my opinion , assuming that some values are connected with that title . 
  merkel on the other side might be a pretty powerful politician , even on the international stage , but the power is not sufficient to be called `` leader '' in this regard . 
  all the remaining leaders of the west are either not powerful enough or compromised by recent poltical decisions . 
  i think that the `` liberal free world '' simply does not have a leader at the moment . 
  this does not mean that the us wo n't still be immensely influential in europe , but i think we wo n't see the us as a country to look up to / role model as much anymore . 
  the cheering was n't state-sponsored 2 . 
  not having border controls is part of schengen 3 . 
  the job of checking people was actually supposed to be the responsibility of the states on the external borders 4 . 
  limits for numbers are legally impossible 5 . 
  `` allowing people to stay '' is n't something we are especially keen on . 
  i did not say that these downsides are logical consequences , however , it is possible that they become reality . 
  the likelyhood for lack of social competences etc. 
  is higher in for home schooled people . 
  yes , mobbing can be an issue , i will not deny that 3 . 
  despite all the monitoring , the control is less secure than in a regular school enviroment . 
  social activities once a week can not make up for five days of social interaction . 
  the issue with summer camps etc is that they are not mandatory . 
  you can not avoid social interaction while in school - you can while being homeschooled for the largest part . 
  if you would have continued reading , you would see that the parents can do it in the name of their kids . 
  i did not say that it was a logical consequence , i said that there is the * possibility * of this happening . 
  and the chance for these bad results is higher than in a regular school imo . 
  nope . 
  well , the other classes in school are mandatory as well , including pe . 
  why should swimming be different ? 
  i am starting to see a certain pattern - mixed in predominantly protestant/atheist states , separated in predominantly catholic states . 
  this is n't crazy at all . 
  why does it need to be justified ? 
  well , why not ? 
  being able to swim is a very useful ability in life . 
  i am not contesting statistic and use anecdotal experience to make a point that the statistic is wrong , no . 
  i have said that the positive sides are * outweighed * by the negative sides . 
  i hold the same opinion as you . 
  upsides : you can individually create a program of education for the student , taking care of personal weaknesses , strengths , interests , requirements and learning speed . 
  in this regard , it is superior to the one-fits-all approach of public schools . 
  possible downsides : lack of social competences , significant knowledge gaps caused by either incompetent ` teachers ' or refusal to deal with topics ( evolution , sex ed , religion etc. 
  ) , failing to be prepared for work life , not developing the ability to work by fixed schedules . 
  as i said i am on mobile and i wo n't have access to a pc for a few days . 
  i would happily provide you with a source otherwise . 
  is the best i can do right now . 
  your comment only indicates that you do not have a single fucking clue what is going on here . 
  you can find out about the drownings rather easily per a quick google search . 
  i would provide a link , but i am on mobile right now . 
  the media generally does n't report on something that does n't happen . 
  expecting a source for the claim that this happens very rarely is a bit ridiculous . 
  if it * was * the case , there would be sources confirming that . 
  i am pretty certain that all you will find are articles about singular incidents , no reports indicating that this is an extremely wide-spread phenomenon . 
  mind to tell us what state ? 
  well , i can only speak about my personal experience . 
  it is common for children to learn swimming around the age of six , but that 's not in school , taught by parents or the local public swimming pool community . 
  you will have swimming classes in school being aged 8 + in elementary school and then in different times in the further school education . 
  well , if you bring me evidence that i am wrong , i am fully willing to concede being wrong . 
  just claiming that i am wrong however is n't exactly a compelling argument . 
  well , that 's a choice every country is free to make . 
  to me , the potential upsides are outweighed by the potential dangers for the child . 
  add 5-7 to the grade and you have the age . 
  lower saxony - always had mixed classes in pe . 
  you were able to choose your sports classes starting grade 11 . 
  good that you know better than me what is happening in my country . 
  good that you know better than me what our national and regional media reports on . 
  the do care about statistics - when they confirm their opinion . 
  when they do n't , they go back to isolated incidents and anecdotal experience . 
  i am 99 % certain that it 's not the girl who does n't want to take part . 
  very likely , it 's her parents who do n't want her to . 
  yes , you need your time to spread unfounded speculation on reddit . 
  if you make claims like this , you can be expected to back them up in my opinion . 
  nice . 
  just speculate furiously and back down when asked for a source . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  i did not see the translation for some reason and i misinterpreted the article . 
  i must have overlooked that , sorry .
