  this analogy does not make * any * sense . 
   he does n't need backing . 
  he has an infinite supply of money in the world 's strongest currency and does n't require congressional approval in a presidency that can not be re-elected . 
  he * does * rely on the parliament . 
  even the us president can not spend money as he wills . 
  this ` infinite supply ' is not infinite , the us have to indebt themselves for that money . 
  the argument about ` living without ' certain european nations and the us on the opposite is utter bullshit . 
  the us doesnt have that much to gain here , the trading relationships with these countries are worth a lot more than a bit influence over greece . 
  you almost act like the us could enforce anything it wants anywhere in the world at any point . 
  i did not criticise you for posting it . 
  i just expect comments saying that we are all doomed because the eu agreed to it . 
  call it a preemtive counterargument if you want . 
  basically i merely expressed an opinion . 
   ` in a showdown between merkel and obama , we all know who would win . ', 
  what is obama exactly going to do to ` win ' ? 
  can he even win ? 
  there is no way that europe gives in to the last greek proposal , no matter how much ` pressure ' obama applies . 
  he also does not have any backing for his ` pressure ' . 
  he doesnt have any way to pressure , he surely wont risk his own relations with the european countries in exchange for helping greece . 
  so what ? 
  isds is not a bad thing per se . 
  edit : instead of downvoting , why dont you explain why you think it is bad ? 
  this would create a decade of depression not only in greece but in whole europe . 
  we actually * did * pay the last time . 
  we repayed the debt that was left after the london agreement , we payed back the marshal funds ( which were given as a loan to germany , contrary to most other countries ) , we payed over a 100 bn . 
  $ in compensation for the war . 
  and by the way , the debt relief in 1952 was about 10 % of the german gdp . 
  considering that the country was still on the start of the recovery . 
  while this is still a lot of money , it is totally dwarfed by the greek debt . 
  i guess bailing out greece in the first place * was * against a majority opinion . 
  well , they get like one or two treats every time they enter a coalition . 
  sometimes it is something bigger , sometimes something small . 
  nevertheless , big or small , most of the times , it annoys the rest of germany . 
  obama pursues pretty much only his own interest . 
  if the us werent affected , he probably wouldnt care about this . 
  i doubt that the initiative came from tsipras . 
  unlike germany in the 30s , greece has neither the means nor the possibilities to go to war . 
   elected government stops paying on the debt . 
  greece ` stopped ' paying because they are simply completely out of money , not because they just declared that they wont pay money back anymore . 
  also the nature of the money owned is completely different , as are most other circumstances . 
  even though one might not like tsipras or syriza , he is * not * hitler . 
  not even close . 
  germoney would be the opposite then . 
  might be unlawful since it limits the right of asylum . 
  also , there should be enough information over the web that we dont shoot anyone . 
  the people that are coming here are not cut off the internet . 
  it is easier to prove claims wrong than to change a vision of hope . 
  if you really believe that they throw money at everyone in the uk , someone claiming differently wont stop you from believing it . 
  it is less about prescribing austerity than not giving more money to someone else . 
  in every country , at any point , giving away money is highly unpopular . 
  austerity is the way that affects us the least directly . 
  and well , it also somewhat matches the mentality of how people think should be dealt with debt . 
  if you cant pay it back , you will have to cut your budget . 
  why do people always just talk about the german and french banks ? 
  the amount held by greek banks , that was also ` saved ' by the bailout , was [ significantly higher ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ) than the german and french loans . 
  if not for the bailout , the greeks would have lost a majority of their savings in a bail-in . 
  greece alone would not have been able to guarantee the money . 
  i agree with the other stuff you said , though . 
  i think we lack the `` tough border protection '' for that . 
  contrary to australia , such a campaign would be pretty difficult here . 
  what are you gon na write realistically ? 
  `` the uk is not as good as you might imagine , but still pretty good '' `` dont come here by boat . 
  it is dangerous '', 
  it isnt . 
  contrary to many other countries , we dont have school uniforms and frankly , the schools could not care less how its students are closed . 
  cases like this are nothing but unfortunate individual cases , likely caused by overly conservative heads of these schools . 
  generally , schools have the power to issue guidelines like this if `` the routine of the education cant be held up otherwise '' , however this is highly questionable in this case . 
  i 'd like to see one of the students to go to court against this ban . 
  it will probably be called the `` decade of deadlines '' in future history books . 
  this will be the first ad campaign in the world claiming that something is shit . 
  `` dont come to europe , you dont get anything '' `` germany is actually not as good as you might believe '', 
   bringing inflation up has actually been one of the arguments for the ecb to throw so much money at the banks . 
  it has not been one of the arguments , it was * the * argument for qe . 
  the other stuff are pretty much positive side effects , you could argue that they are not in the mandate of the ecb . 
  this article is from 2010 , prior to the changes of the greek system . 
  the pension age is 67 now in greece , and on the other side germany just introduced pension with 63 if you worked long enough ( pretty much like it works in greece , however a ` few ' years more ) . 
  nobody is going to deny that the greek pension system prior to the changes was too generous and unsustainable , however this is just beating a dead horse . 
  this coloring scheme confuses me . 
  we go from red through orange to dark red ? 
  the private lenders hat to accept a haircut on greeces debt . 
  `` doing pretty fine '' is something else . 
  it is true that the banks who got rid of their stuff had an ` easy ' time though . 
  because they had extremely large banking sectors in comparison to their population . 
  this was the dream of many people since forever . 
  increasing productivity to a level where the majority of people wouldnt have to work anymore . 
  however , this is not what is happening in my observation . 
  the world market is still growing and it will continue to do so for quite some time . 
  if jobs become obsolete , you need to create new jobs . 
  if you can not do that , it is less a problem of jobs being replaced by machines rather than the failure to compensate for it . 
  this also has to do with the greek economy being uncompetitive and greece being a shithole for investors . 
  unfortunately , but it is that way . 
   basically , the german bank manager made fat bonuses by toxically lending money to greece and now the german engineer will pay for it . 
  actually the exposition of german banks was rather low compared to the greek banks . 
  it is not like the bailout only helped german banks , it essentially also ` saved ' the bank accounts of many greeks . 
   in developed countries , skilled peope and their machines are becoming too productive for everyone to have useful jobs . 
  what do you want to say with this ? 
  this is in no way the reason for the current levels of unemployment in spain or greece . 
  obama calling sounds important but it really isnt . 
  i cant see any of the parties changing their position because of a call of a third party . 
  all he can try is to mediate between the parties , however i suppose the eurogroup is the fitting forum for that .
