  i also think the opposite is our responsibility - make sure that communication is safe but can be object to surveillance when there are concrete suspicions , under court supervision of course . 
  i am no bomb expert . 
  ca n't they just store the needed ` ingredients ' and assemble it when needed ? 
  still better than no information at all , dont you think ? 
  you will always have people doubting and opposing it , no matter what happens . 
  this alone wont be able to prevent terrorism alltogether unfortunately . 
  it would be benefitial to the situation , but it certainly is not a definite solution . 
  i am more inclined to believe that the reason for the date was more the fact that the football game ensured international media in the near vicinity . 
  actually i 'm not that sure about that . 
  crises of this kind and wars tend to boost the support for the current leadership . 
  this is like the worst suggestion i have ever read . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  check every religous person whether he is ` just ' religious or an extremist ? 
  the ` poisonous atmosphere ' is mainly created outside our borders . 
  quote from france24  [ 4:43 pm est ] witness from faidherb avenue : people were in the terasse of a restaurent , and they saw people with masks on stepping out of their vehicles and shooting at people , it lasted forever . 
  they counted more than 10 casulties . 
  [ taken from this summary which also talks about unmasked shooters ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3sphue/shootings_reported_in_central_paris_reports_of/cwzcdmy ) edit : all media is now reporting that they were in fact * not * masked . 
  i am not opposed to intelligence work , quite the opposite . 
  but if they introduce data retention laws and can not prove that they have been successful in even a few cases , i dont see any use in them . 
  they would not even have to disclose details to the public . 
  just get some known experts with high reputation and let them judge . 
  i dont think so . 
  the talks are about six people . 
  i am pretty sure that you can unite six of your friends for something that is really important to all of you for tomorrow . 
  unless you make obvious purchases ( bomb material , weapons ) that can somehow be tracked , nobody will nitice that you are storing weapons unless you are already being observated for being a radical islamist or something like this . 
  the thing is : even in police states , there can be terrorism . 
  you would need to place a guard next to everyone . 
  and a guard for that guard . 
  you get the point . 
  unless there is real evidence for large amounts of terrorism attacks being prevented through excessive use of surveillance i am not convinced that it is the right tool and that it should be used . 
  i would argue that the world was n't mroe chaotic and dangerous before we had surveillance on the internet . 
  the intelligence agencies were not checking every single letter for content , looking for potential terrorism . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  why should the french ` break easily ' ? 
  this is nothing more than an overused stereotype . 
  because they are wearing masks . 
  it could also be related to the fact that there is lots of international press in the vicinity due to the fra-ger football match . 
  such as ? 
  extensive use of intelligence and surveillance has not been able to prevent it . 
  the question is whether something like this can be fully prevented with intelligence . 
   such an attack seems too coordinated to be spontaneous ? 
  you can make a plan and do all the preparation relatively early in advance . 
  you can strike whenever it pleases you then . 
  why should someone downvote you ? 
  nobody that i have seen on this sub had a problem with calling * radical * islamism bad . 
  if you do your preparation on time , you can choose when to strike relatively in a very narrow time window . 
  this does not mean that they are able to prepare an attack within 24h . 
  we have had people come here from syria and other ocutnries for over two years now . 
  not in the numbers we have now , but still significant . 
  it would be pretty strange to attack france for a us strike carried out with british intelligence , dont you think ? 
  why should n't they mean something now already ? 
  ilegal border crossing is healed the moment you apply for asylum . 
  it also doesnt make * any * sense to include this in the statistics . 
   franklin was intelligent in many areas , but geopolitics and surveillance is not one of them . 
  ( he was a player tho ) . 
  i still agree with him , whatever your opinion is . 
  i dont believe in no surveillance at all but i refuse to accept that it is benefitial for us to save , access and analyse every bit of data possible . 
  quite frankly , i am willing to sacrifice the lifes of human beings if that means that the rest of the society can live freely . 
  before you criticize me for that statement , think about the following : we are willing to sacrifice human lifes for our mobility ( traffic fatality ) , why should n't we be willing to sacrifice human lifes for freedom ? 
   with social media , gps , and other technologies it 's become more flexible for courts to use evidence that was `` technically '' obtained illegally against/for someone on trial . 
  or at least that 's the general trend i 'm seeing . 
  examples ? 
  i am certain that they had some kind of warrant or that it was publically accessible . 
   if illegally obtained documents detailing dangerous criminal activity of jost giesecke ( random name ) in germany , or that enemy of the state snowden were to be conspiring against america , then i highly doubt any court here would care where the records came from , or how they were obtained . 
  i can not comment on that , but the past decisions of your courts speak against this . 
  your legal system evevn goes a step further than our system , applying the doctrine of the fruit of the poisonous tree . 
   abstract ? 
  the terrorists attacks across the planet in the past 15 years are abstract to you ? 
  there are more people dying to lightnings than through terrorism . 
  `` those who give up liberty for security deserve neither . '' i am not 100 % sure of this , but i am pretty certain that illegally obtained data must not be used as evidence in a court process . 
  which is why the us is currently trying to declare it legal to access the data stored overseas . 
  if they are not able to access it anymore , they will be forced to either put a request to our authorities or not be able to use this . 
  the point was never battling terrorism but the lawsuit in question is simply about a regular court request . 
  it doesnt matter here what germany does or doesnt by the way . 
  too bad that data stored on microsoft servers in europe will likely not be the key towards preventing terrorist attacks . 
  some abstract fear of terrorism is not worth eliminating privacy for everyone . 
  and guess what : it doesnt matter , they will simply not get access unless they have a warrant . 
  simple . 
  there has to be some kind of neutral source on it since the news agencies always have the numbers . 
  but i 'm afraid its not public . 
   makes sense . 
  i was referring more-so to the ethnicity . 
  i suspect it 's probably albanians from those 3 countries . 
  is that the case ? 
  or is it also ethnic serbians and macedonians ? 
  i ca n't comment on that since i dont have data on that . 
  i also dont think that there is data on this . 
  all that matters to the police is the nationality , not your ethnicity . 
   i 'm honestly perplexed why albanians are usually high in such statistics - friends from albanian proper are very nice people . 
  my experience with people of albanian descent is the same . 
  yes . 
  it is a right-wing source and despite the entries being sourced i would take this list with a grain of salt as i dont know whether it is complete or not . 
  it also lists events that are not really worth being listed amongst the others . 
  someone threw a burning cigaret into a bin and that bin started catching fire . 
  asyslum seekers from serbia , macedonia and kosovo are committing up to four time more crimes than it would be expected based on their numbers . 
  i dont have numbers on the other balkan countries , but these three are the biggest share of asylum seekers to germany from that region anyways . 
  what a source . 
  this is nothing about stigmatization . 
  raw statistics . 
  ` overrepresented ' does not mean that they are all criminals , far from that .
