  what argument do you have asides from claiming that `` it does not make sense '' ? 
  the eu and the overwhelming share of lawyers in germany think otherwise . 
  it does matter because only this way , the toll is discriminating eu citizens . 
  this actually has nothing to do with manipulation ? 
  it is not yet certain whether these people will be able to contribute to our society , only time can tell . 
  those two hundred thousand people did * not * arrive in the last month . 
  show me an exact example of a country that introduced a toll and reduced the tax load of its citizens by exactly that amount . 
  yes . 
  applies to asylum seekers with temporary permission to stay and people tolerated by the government . 
  you can apply for it after staying here for three months , it is only a limited permission though . 
  they will get a limited work permit after a few months . 
  the limits of movement inside germany have been scapped for the largest parts . 
  people that have been granted asylum are in fact allowed to work after a few months . 
  when germany was * not * taking the lead in the beginning of the financial crisis , politicians and newspapers all over europe urged us to lead , claiming that it was our ` responsibility ' as biggest economic power in europe . 
  germany was called the `` reluctant hegemon '' , endangering europes stability and wealth by not acting decisive . 
  how is that weird ? 
  the eu laws say that you must not discriminate other eu citizens . 
  this suggestion is nothing but a disguised attempt to do exactly that . 
  this is the way they wanted it , nevertheless it is violating eu law . 
   trade surplus/trade defect for greece i agree that there should probably be measures taken to increase domestic demand . 
  however , the german trade surplus with the other eu states has been decreasing over the last years . 
  and significantly ( from once  170 billion to 108 billion in 2013 ) . 
  the trade surplus with non-eu states is actually not harmful in the slightest for the other eu states . 
  if germany stopped exporting this stuff , the demand would not be filled by greece or italy but by countries of the likes of s. korea and japan . 
  the rules for not being allowed to forgive debts have been agreed upon by all european countries , germany did not violate that rule . 
  if you are hinting at 1953 with this , this was long before any of these rules were established . 
   a weird overall idea that every country should be able to run a trade surplus which is pretty much impossible . 
  it should be possible not to run an excessive deficit however . 
  yes . 
  but a cooperation only works if everybody shows up to the table . 
  we have a somewhat okay-ish balance of power in the eu , germany cant get stuff through if france and the uk are against it . 
  trust me , germany also wants europe to cooperate . 
  however the tandem ( ger-fra ) isnt working anymore , france is having too much internal problems to exercise their power in europe . 
  the uk is too focussed on internals , the only thing they currently do with the eu is lobbying for a treaty change . 
  they did not even take part in the negotiations about ukraine , as the largest military power in europe . 
  maybe germany is ( part of ) the problem , but germany is also ( part of ) the solution . 
  you can not run the eu without germany , but without the uk and france being in a strong position , germany can do as it wishes , nobody but you two is capable of standing against us . 
  it is not even said that germany is going to use this money for debt payment . 
  we had a surplus last year as well , it went into a multilateral fund for dealing with the financial crisis . 
  this year , we will likely have an increased burden with the refugees , dont expect much of the money to go into debt reduction . 
  nevertheless , the debt level will decrease ( due to gdp growth and inflation ) . 
  exactly what the imf is saying . 
  i have my doubts on that . 
  dobrindt already halted the introduction , waiting for the final judgement of the eu . 
  i have a hard time believing that they would introduce it * with * the exceptions if the eu already announced that these violate eu law . 
  are you talking about our trade surplus or the maastricht violation in the beginning of the century here ? 
  the thing is : controlling our borders wont change much here . 
  the people from syria and some african countries still have valid asylum claims . 
  controlling our borders wont improve the situation of refugees in greece and italy . 
  it wont solve the problems of basel . 
  unless we are changing basel , all it would bring us are more refugees in greece and italy , which is simply not sustainable . 
  but i agree that we will have to see what happens . 
  which is good , the worrisome budgets are not lying with the federal government . 
  did poland already finish its electricity barrier to germany ? 
  because the reliability of our grid can only be measured once the regulations to our eastern neighbors are in place . 
  we really strain their grids , forcing enormeous amounts of energy through them . 
  also , how is the us the benchmark ? 
  i have never been in a country with more power outages . 
  if you put someone into a plane to his homecountry and this plane takes off , how can this person remain in germany ? 
  i dont know how it is measured . 
  especially considering that most european courts agree that greece ( and partly italy ) force refugees to live in inhumane treatment . 
  would certainly be intersting , however not exactly lawful i guess . 
  they have toll stickers everybody has to pay . 
  the csu ( the party suggesting it ) wants to reduce the tax for germans for the same amount they have to pay for the toll , essentially making it a toll just for foreigners . 
  they claim that these two actions have to be seen separately , however they explicitly said in their election campaign that they want `` a toll just for foreigners '' which is against eu law . 
  you can not put people at a disadvantage just because they are from another eu country . 
  they can either introduce a toll for everybody or for nobody . 
  also , our police refuses to control these stickers , so we will need another authority to control this . 
  the most positive estimations are around 300-400 million $ income from foreigners a year , pessimistic ones think it wont exceed 100-200 million . 
  which is totally not worth it . 
  thats like no money if we are talking about streets . 
  its hard to estimate a percentage as i dont have the full data . 
  we sent back over 10k people last year , however i lack the number of people that have been denied asylum . 
  there are also no numbers for the people that voluntarily leave after being rejected . 
  at the end of last year , we had around 150k illegals here . 
  edit : someone else posted [ an article ] ( http://www.zeit.de/feature/fluechtlinge-in-deutschland-abschiebung-fluege-gesetze ) in german that gave numbers . 
  we sent back 19.060 people out of 34.255 people supposed to leave . 
   when he is accepted , he can bring them in afterwards . 
  it is n't that easy . 
   5 % of asylum seekers are women , 20 % are children ( aka under 20 years old ) , and the other 75 % are men . 
  naturally , given the obstacles on the journey here . 
   of the 800k cases in 2015 , 400k will be accepted , and on average each of those will legally bring 4 family members , and on average each of them will again bring another 2.5 . 
  given that one third is from kosovo without any chance of getting accepted and a general acceptance rate of 30-40 % i dont see 400k people . 
  do you have any sources/statistics that support your claims ? 
   back when they started their journey , they did n't know how certain/easy it was to get in . 
  now they know  lel, 
  especially when we are talking about greece and trains : the greek train company is likely in the top 10 of the most ineffective companies on this planet . 
  a former minister in greece claimed that it would be cheaper to do all the travel done by trains by taxi ( ca . 
  20 years ago , scientists deemed this somewhat realistic ) . 
  in my experience here in germany , the private-owned trains are a lot more reliable than the state-owned ones , also the personnel is friendlier and the trains are in better condition ( unless we are talking about the ices here ) . 
  they also tend to be cheaper . 
  water utilities are quite another thing . 
  i personally do not believe that they should be privatized ( and greece will only sell 49 % of its shares on water anyways ) . 
   it is a drop in the bucket of reducing our debt levels . 
  our debt levels are naturally reduced if we accomplish a surplus , no matter its size . 
  the inflation and gdp growth will do much more than ` just ' the surplus . 
  why should we ? 
  we already flew in some selected refugees from syrias neighbor countries though . 
  if you say that all we did so far was bad - would you be so kind to outline what germany should have done with greece and the refugees ( assuming that it was ` just ' germany deciding these issues , which is wrong but whatever ) ? 
  you are claiming it is a loss to the clients of that business ?
