  we can only contest populists with facts , this wo n't work if the people do not trust these facts . 
   populism is a very real threat against the stability of europe and even democracy itself . 
  populism has taken a significant hit in the aftermath of the referendum though . 
  suddenly it became very clear to many people that populists are n't called populists without a reason . 
  that mogherini smile though . 
   so , let 's agree to disagree , but at least try to understand where the people unhappy with this attitude are coming from . 
  oh , i can fully understand you . 
  it is simply that such an approach is unfit for the current reality in my opinion . 
   this is exactly the problem . 
  eu is not nato . 
  merkel or anyone else acting like they are the leader and treating other member states as subordinate sends the wrong message . 
  as i said , i disagree . 
  talking to everyone from the very start would get us nowhere . 
  it would make the eu even slower than it already is . 
   imagine in the united states governers of the richest states gathering to decide the fate of the smaller states . 
  how do you think americans would feel ? 
  this comparison simply sucks . 
  unlike us europeans , the us has a federal government . 
  nevertheless , the president is a hawaiian and not a committee of all states that have an equal say on important discussions . 
   and that their voices count for less . 
  this however is accurate . 
  it is ridiculous to suggest that the government of 1.3 million europeans ( estonia ) should have as much say as the government of 62.5 million europeans ( italy ) . 
  there is no solution to this unless we decide to break up the european countries and form blocs of equal size . 
  or until we have an european government for that matter . 
  it is also not like these voices are n't considered at all - we still need the consent of everyone for most policies . 
  it is only natural that there is a leader . 
  without leaders , things simply do not work and end up in chaos . 
  you can pretend that we are all equal - but we are not . 
  when the eu is negotiating , they will naturally look to what germany and france ( and maybe italy ) are doing - simply because they * need * these countries . 
  a eu response without germany and france is not worth the paper it is written on . 
   you could argue that these members are somewhat more important , but that is not the point . 
  actually it is . 
  germany , italy and france account for 57 % of the gdp of the eu ( without uk ) . 
  they also account for almost 50 % of the population of the reu . 
  they also represent their respective regions of europe : greece and finland would never have found together in the ez talks . 
  germany and france could . 
  despite all other suggestions - the core countries are relatively moderate compared to other countries . 
   this is happening in the context of discussions about creating eu on seperate speeds , which could very well mean leaving less `` important '' members out of a deeper union between member states that consider themselves better than the others . 
  talks about effectiveness and importance only mask this thinly veiled feeling of supperiority . 
  you know that this is meant to achieve the opposite ? 
  countries are not assigned to one group , countries would be able to choose what group they want to be part of . 
   however , during the last years many countries have increased their vat , and it is now closer to the uk . 
  i wonder how much of the original problem has that already fixed without no need for rebate . 
  the british and french are pretty much en par when it comes to gdp . 
  yet the british net payments would be significantly higher than the french ones without the rebate . 
  even with the rebate , their net contribution is # 2 in europe ( only beaten by germany and we have a significantly bigger economy ) . 
   and even so , the uk would have to agree on that . 
  well , of course . 
  but if it is the best offer , the might be inclined to accept it . 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
  you have to ask yourself one simple question : when a crisis emerges , who is the first call the leader of a country makes ? 
  when it comes to military problems in the world - probably the us . 
  but when it comes to crises affecting europe , pretty much everyone would call merkel first . 
  that 's how it is . 
  and no , i do not think that it is `` a lack of democracy '' . 
  the credibility of this website does n't matter . 
  the sources are credible . 
  there is such a proposal . 
  it 's not officially public though . 
  they do n't even have a government at the moment . 
  it is not only merkel who thinks that however . 
  everyone else looks at merkel as well . 
  european institutions/a european government might take over these positions at some point , but not before they receive actual power and not before we have actual pan-european parties . 
  this is how politics work everywhere though . 
  the party leaders will have a meeting first , they will not start with talking to the backbenchers . 
  no disrespect intended , but that is how it is . 
  there ca n't be any policy in the eu without the approval of at least two of these countries . 
  if we consulted everyone immediately , we would never come any closer to a solution quickly . 
  the infamous `` i want to send a message '' . 
  i honestly have no respect for people who try to `` send a message '' by voting shit on an issue that is only remotely related . 
  true . 
  i think the greatest thing that could come from this is that people around europe realize that populists are stupid people who neither have a clue nor a plan . 
  i agree with you . 
  just punishment for the sake of punishment does not help anybody . 
  but i also think that we need to ensure that you do not get everything you want , for the sake of the eu . 
  i know that it is inevitable . 
  i just wonder if the change from complete uncertainty ( right now ) to a bit of certainty ( after art . 
  50 is triggered ) will have an impact . 
  because with article 50 we at least have some kind of vague road map . 
  well , we will see . 
  what i am asking myself is whether actually triggering art . 
  50 will cause the markets to calm down or if they will drop even more . 
  never had problems in the uk so far , 
  the circumstances are different though . 
  the last time , the boe tried to defend a position they could never have held . 
  it is a bit different this time . 
  true . 
  but you can also see it this way : everything is on fire already and yet the pound trades way above dollar parity . 
  the euro did not reach parity when it was very close to collapsing despite being a currency valued lower than the pound . 
   i think everyone ~ ~ in england ~ ~ should support iceland ftfy . 
  how can you not like these guys ? 
  i really hope that this wo n't be the case ( even though it makes a trip to the uk a lot more attractive currently ) . 
   or denying them single market access . 
  if the uk does not want to obey the rules of the single market ( which includes a lot of things that the uk does not want ) , it can not be member of the single market . 
  this is not really about `` punishment '' but about following simple logic . 
   brussels is going to do everything possible to fuck over britain . 
  unlikely . 
   `` insubordination will not be tolerated !, 
  let that be a lesson to any of you who are getting bright ideas . '', 
  more like `` you ca n't have your cake and eat it too '' .
