  despite it being that way , we at least have certainty that this wont happen anymore between our states . 
  all of the given examples include at least one other fundamental right . 
  its fundamental right collision , not `` violating rights whenever it pleases '' , you have to balance the different fundamental rights , you can justify limiting the application of a fundamental right if another fundamental right requires that . 
  this however is not the case here , it would straight up be a violation of a fundamental right without any constitutional justification . 
  we would ` need ' over a 150,000 people a month to meet that number . 
  i do not see how the minister president of a state could have a better overview of the situation than the minister of internal affairs . 
  example please ? 
   alsp pay for it frontex is paying for deportations . 
  the states have to bear the costs of policemen guarding the flights . 
  people that they employ anyways . 
  the cost of deporting people is actually laughable in total terms . 
  it actually can not . 
  unless you want to re-write the constitution . 
   what makes one grundrecht more worthy of our adherence than another ? 
  part me ? 
  as far as i am concerned , no other fundamental right is violated by granting the right of aslyum . 
  you realize that you replied this to * me * ? 
  how does us accepting refugees make the life conditions for other people worse ? 
  and dont come up with `` brain drain '' or some shit . 
  if syria overcomes the war at some point , it needs people in foreign countries that send money to syria much more than people in syria . 
  you can not rebuild a ` good ' country without money . 
  also , why are you replying to each point with a new post ? 
  karma whoring much . 
   look at sweden and how their living standards have plummeted citation needed . 
  this does not mean a fundamental right is outdated . 
  they also did not think of full gender equality or the right of informational self-determination . 
  it is up to the * bundesverfassungsgericht * to adapt these , however it will * never * result in a lower kind of protection than we currently have . 
  thats why i asked you how to fix that . 
  there is no way for us to ` fix ' syria unless we want to take over the country . 
  supporting either party will probably not end the war ( look at libya ) , just eliminate one party . 
   what makes you think that asylum rights are the cause i was referring to in my post ? 
  because granting asylum to syrians is not exactly something that our politicians decide . 
  you say that accepting refugees is the issue , well , there is no way of changing that besides limiting the right on asylum . 
   especially in this case where the guys who made these laws did n't have massasylum on their minds . 
  quotation needed . 
  the fundamental right of asylum was created shortly after a period of time where hundreds of thousands of germans seeked asylum in other countries , in a time where germany was faced with what later turned out to be 12 million people from the eastern territories . 
   this way you 're doing more harm than good its the way asylum has always been dealt with . 
  imagine a member of a democratic party applied for asylum in another country during the nazi regime because he feared to be prosecuted and he would be denied with the reasoning that the jews in germany are not only prosecuted but murdered . 
  * very * weak argument . 
   i agree with you on this , but mass asylum is not a permanent/sustainable solution , and that 's what barely anyone seems to bear in mind . 
  nobody that holds a position of power in germany calls it a permanent or sustainable solution . 
  people saying that it is an opportunitiy for us are not wrong , yet that does not equalize calling it sustainable . 
  granting asylum to people in need actually has nothing to do with ` leftist propaganda ' . 
  people have been granted asylum from war long before the current ` left ' even emerged . 
  you are talking about first world countries in general . 
  guess what , germany is a first world country duh . 
  and this is not changing ( asides from the fact that ` first world ' actually has nothing to do with prosperity , but lets just assume it does ) and sweden is still a nice place to live . 
   certainly not by granting asylum to huge masses of people , most of which are not the neediest of their kind , leaving all the most needy fellows of theirs behind in their home countries . 
  asylum is both a human right and a fundamental right in our constitution . 
  this is nothing that could be ` fixed ' by our politicians ( and i doubt that it would qualify as fixing , i would rather call it inhumanity ) . 
  it does not matter how ` needy ' a person is , if he or she qualifies for asylum , he or she will get asylum , no matter whether there are people that are in conditions that are even worse . 
  also , us stopping granting asylum to people would * not * end the war in syria . 
  we can talk about dealing with people without any perspective of asylum every day , i am all in for processing them faster and deporting them faster . 
  however , if we are talking about syria , iraq or eritrea , it would be unjustified and wrong to deport these people ( faster processing would still be nice though ) . 
  tell me : how do you ` fix ' the cause ? 
  if a shift to the right is caused by just the ` threat ' of taking in a few refugees ( and yes , i am talking about a few here , not about german or swedish levels ) , we have another issue , which is * not * caused by the refugees coming to europe . 
  it seems i am missing the ` degeneration of germany to the level of a third world country ' . 
  as are many others . 
  its fine . 
  however , you mentioned a good point . 
  it is a shame that some pieces of art are still not returned , especially when they are just hidden in some archive inaccessible for the public anyways . 
  and it goes both ways ( e.g. 
  the highly desputed berlinka collection in krakow ) . 
  quite funny since most of these countries dont even take in that many refugees . 
  osbourne was talking about germany , and so was i. 
  they dont ? 
  they say we can manage these numbers , not that it is sustainable if it continues this way for years . 
  thats why we should probably copy the system of norway , switzerland or the netherlands when dealing with people from kosovo et al. 
   so , does anybody know : what would be a sustainable number of population growth per year for germany , with the premise that the growing population will , at least initially , be unavailable to the general work-market ? 
  if we have a net immigration of 200,000 people per year , our population will decline by 12 million people until 2060 ( 18 million decline if we ` just ' get 100,000 people net immigration per year ) . 
  meaning that we actually ` need ' more than the mentioned 200,000 people per year , especially considering the decline in workforce ( a large share of the population will retire ) . 
  if we talk about pure sustainability of our population , estimates say that we need about a million people per year . 
  however , this was considering educated work migration , not refugees . 
  with the integration needs of an immigration like our refugees currently , i doubt that 1 million per year is sustainable in the long term . 
  look at the two numbers on the bottom . 
  that is all that matters . 
  if we tell 40,000 people to leave and 22,000 actually leave/are deported , it is above 50 % deportation rate . 
  this however is irrelevant as we are talking about new requests in 2015 here ? 
  claiming that we do not deport people is wrong . 
   right-wing parties are gaining very quickly the past couple of years . 
  the npd lost most of their seats in the state parliaments , the afd resides below 4 % now . 
   but they dont get deported . 
  actually we are deporting people . 
   in june or july we were around 400k asylum seekers who actually arrived in our country we are hovering around 300k in the whole year so far . 
   germany does not deport rejects wrong . 
  you are purposefully misinterpreting what i wrote . 
  only for the bad things . 
  nah , but seriously , pretty much all or ` our ' gold was confiscated after the war , it would be pretty ridiculous if hiding it could ` save ' us from that fate . 
  especially after 70 years . 
  we ourselves claim that we have no business paying reparations anymore , in the same turn we should also not demand former ` belongings ' of that kind back ( unless its some art that was stolen somewhere ) . 
  why ? 
   all there is in that train legitimately belongs to polish government . 
  i disagree . 
  it is not even said that the finders are allowed to keep a fee given the significance of the train . 
  also , if there are things stored inside that can be associated with a former owner ( like art ) it would be pretty ridiculous if poland kept it . 
  for all the stuff without legitimate owner , its the polish state however . 
  there is no evidence for anything . 
  neither for documents nor for gold . 
  however , people who lived there in ww2 claimed that they saw a armored train with signs from the german central bank at the end of the war . 
  faceboook wont be able to `` pursue '' the people to fight a court decision .
