   a groko is ok for a while but not for too long because it strengthens extremist parties . 
  it is only the third grand coalition in the history of our country . 
  i do not think that another grand coalition in the next term would be good , but there are more options than r2g and grand coalition . 
   he messed up a bit with the refugee crisis , but let 's face it , even the most saintly of chancellors does need a man for the dirty stuff . 
  honestly , i do not dislike him for what he did during the refugee crisis . 
  he totally fucked up during his time as mod , many of the problems that our army has right now can be attributed to his failures . 
  as a home secretary , he seems to have a very outdated approach on various issues and he seems to be on the wrong side too often . 
   i think die linke will be marginalized if it refuses responsibility and in the end disappear from the political landscape i disagree . 
  the linke has found their sweetspot . 
  they get the votes of the hardcore idealists aswell as those who just want `` the old spd back '' . 
  so far , they have fared pretty well with this strategy . 
   that is of course the spin used by cdu/csu to discredit the left as irresponsible commis like in adenauer 's time . 
  but i think german opinion has evolved since then . 
  you think so ? 
  even as recent as 2013 , the spd felt the urge to clarify that r2g is not an option for them . 
  and if we are honest , a decent share of linke mps are idiots . 
   even radical parties turn moderate when they have to assume government responsibility . 
  syriza in greece got rid of its radicals pretty swiftly . 
  thing is : this is unlikely to happen here . 
  these people will know what they are running into and their consent is required to make this work . 
  we have pretty strict rules on parliament membership . 
  it 's not likely that the party will make a shift of this kind . 
  the situation in greece is not even remotely comparable . 
   that 's the problem with the groko . 
  it puts the junior partner ( spd ) at a disadvantage . 
  it also strengthens extreme parties ( afd , die linke , etc. ), 
  because the voters feel that spd and cdu are all the same . 
  i would argue that this is not a `` groko '' problem . 
  it is a problem of the cdu under merkel . 
  she has moved the cdu more to the middle ( some might say to the left ) . 
  this has been consistent during her reign , even during the time where the fdp was part of the coalition . 
   whatever die linke says now , a left-wing coalition will not nationalize the banks or do anything crazy . 
  to increase heritage tax may be a good thing . 
  it is one of their core proposals however . 
  of course this wo n't happen during a coalition . 
  but it still is one of their proposals . 
   the biggest issue is really , what would the europe policy of r2g look like ? 
  would they loosen the purse strings for economic stimuli to pull the eurozone out off stagnation ? 
  it really is between pest and cholera to them . 
  for a conservative party , this choice is easier . 
  for them , they have the choice between giving up on core values and pissing off most german voters . 
   how about moderates like oppermann ? 
  he does n't have a chance of running . 
  so , i am not considering that option . 
  i would vote for steinmeier in a heartbeat , but i feel like he would be wasting his potential in this election . 
   i think that r2g is a real possibility . 
  why else would cdu/csu politicians start warning about it publicly ? 
  they have been warning about it for years . 
  i think a coalition between union and greens is more likely . 
  here is the reason : r2g and black/green is polling pretty similarly currently ( both around 44 % ) . 
  the reason why merkels numbers have been sinking has almost exclusively been the refugee crisis . 
  now , we see less refugees every day . 
  if it remains this way ( and we see no major terror events ) , i can see the cdu rising in the polls easily . 
   schauble , who pushed for pardoning spanish budgetary deficit i do n't think that this was a wrong decision . 
   which oversaw the failures to carry the tests required to spot the volkswagen manipulation the same is true for his predecessors . 
  dobrindt inherited these problems . 
  he could have done a better job dealing with these problems however . 
   but also the policies of the csu ? 
  the csu gets one or two policies per period . 
  some of them `` only '' cost money ( like their proposals on pensions for mothers ) , some of them are just plain ridiculous ( like a street toll only for foreigners ) . 
  i however believe that we would not get less of this stuff under a r2g government . 
  what i do have a problem with is mr. de maiziere . 
  but whatever . 
   during the 25 years since reunification , the far-left die linke has virtually been banned from power because it includes members from the former communist party ( sed ) that ruled the communist dictatorship of the gdr . 
  not exclusively . 
  another significant reason is that half of the mps of the * linke * show zero interest of becoming part of any government as it would mean moderating their positions . 
   thus , i think the question of whether merkel will be replaced by a left-wing coalition boils down to whether or not die linke is capable of moderating its positions . 
  the real question is whether such a coalition would be capable of becoming a majority . 
  r2g is still a red flag ( no pun intended ) for many germans . 
  should they announce that they aim for this kind of coalition , they can already go home . 
  current polls have r2g between 42 % and 46 % . 
  they would need some very decent policy proposals to score in this election . 
  the * linke * has the same proposals as they had ten years ago ( tax the rich , nationalize industries and banks etc. 
  the spd severely struggles to come up with new proposals - most of their proposed policies have already been adapted by the cdu . 
  or put in place , like the minimum wage . 
   of the far-right die linke you mean far-left . 
   who is your preferred candidate ? 
  it is still a goodamn year to go . 
  between gabriel , merkel and schulz , it would still be merkel any given day . 
   apologies , i realise that i did not respond to this post even though i intended to . 
  well , thanks for responding !, 
  this kind of stuff happens to me all the time unfortunately ( me forgetting to respond to things ) : /  the uk and the reu will almost certainly sign an exit agreement ( in which we work out how much money the uk receives for its share of the eu assets and how much money the uk needs to pay for its remaining membership fees and so forth ) . 
  that bit is relatively easy . 
  the way you worded it really makes it sound in a way that is very close to an actual divorce in court . 
   firstly because there is already so much bad blood . . 
  the article completely fails not mention the possibility of extending the breakup time . 
  bad blood ... 
  i would rather say search for domestic political ( and economical ) gain . 
   the negotiator for the eu commission is saying that the negotiations should be in french language and nobody here ( apart from me ) speaks french . 
  barnier already denied these allegations . 
  an eu spokesman has already said that this is not the line of the eu . 
  since twitter is down , here is a quote from barniers twitter feed : * never expressed myself on negotiation language . 
  work as often in en as fr . 
  linguistic regime to be set at start-to be agreed btw negotiators * i also do n't think the germans would be happy about holding the negotiations in french either . 
   last night it seems that theresa may got the silent treatment . 
  i expect that the relationship between the reu and the uk is going to get worse over the next couple of years ( unless russia does the unthinkable ) ; well , that 's only natural , is n't it ? 
   secondly it is inherently a total nightmare doing comprehensive deals with the eu already , as canada is finding . 
  if everyone and their mother has a veto , the brits will get vetoed unless the deal is totally in the reu 's favour there are things that are mutually benefitial . 
  we will see . 
   if the deal is perceived to be very unbalanced in the uk , i suspect that the uk parliament could just refuse to ratify it .
