  as i stated elsewhere , we can not send them back to greece but we cant send them into a war zone either . 
  only major crimes are suited to stop asylum alltogether . 
  lowering this would likely violate the constituion . 
   same for any refugee caught outside of their assigned state of asylum . 
  i do n't know how this is dealt with currently . 
   priority in assignment for refugees that are identified and can be background checked somehow . 
  the issue is that we do not even have the capacities for the regular checks of all people that are arriving currently . 
   we should be doing everything to prevent it in your opinion - what should merkel do ? 
  i have answered the second half of your criticism by saying that i think the criticism is - in parts - warranted but that souvereign nations can make their own decisions as germany has no legal handle on this . 
  germany is not going to sanction anybody because a state is securing its outer borders . 
  in fact , merkel said in a very recent interview that she thinks it is a basic requirement that the outer borders are secured . 
  the opinions diverge on how this can be accomplished . 
  considering the first part , i have repeatedly stated ( not in this discussion chain , i apologize ) : yes , it is very likely that her statement caused larger amounts of people to come here , it caused pressure on the system and she obviously severely underestimated the impact of such a statement . 
  and yes , you can blame her for that , after ten years of chancellorship , she should know better . 
  there is however one thing that is equally wrong as stating that it did not have a ( negative ) impact on the crisis : stating that she caused the crisis and the current problems . 
  it just ignores the realities that we had a strong refugee influx even before the statement in question and that her statement actually changed close to zero in the reality of the processes ( the public impact being something else ) . 
  dublin was not enforced for anybody entering through greece or hungary at that point ( by court decision ) , meaning that the two most important entry points were not covered anymore . 
  you said , and i am gon na quote you on that :  merkel justified their pilgrimage through europe , which is contrary to existing rules . 
  the thing is : there is nothing to justify . 
  we act in accordance with the relevant provisions of dublin iii , what the other states are doing is their business and does not require our consent or justification . 
   constant criticism to those trying to prevent a chaotic situation of uncontrolled illegals in europe . 
  quite frankly , if these states are acting in accordance with existing rules , they do not have to listen to anything germany says . 
  we do not have any power over the outter borders of the eu . 
  while it is true that germany has repeatedly criticized the building of fences and similar barriers , this criticism has mainly been directed at building those on inner-eu borders and mistreatment of refugees . 
  both which i find to be legitimate concerns . 
   i constantly say we need reinforced outer border control , and common asylum policy that relives the burden from the periphery . 
  we have a common ground on this , then . 
  you do know that this is nothing germany has set in place voluntarily in the first place ? 
  people came here without germany even saying a word . 
  and they did come in large numbers - we are already talking about hundreds of thousands here . 
  there was no legal possibility to send people back . 
  ruled by european and german courts . 
  if you want to complain about schengen problems , start with the countries on the outter borders failing to meet their responsibilities of securing these borders and blame it on the eu for not being able to relieve countries like greece of the pressure . 
  i got something messed up , sorry . 
  as i said , this is none of our business . 
  the states could simply have emprisoned them for violating their borders but they did choose not to do so as it is easier for them to just let them pass through . 
  if the other states want to force them to apply in their country , well , go ahead . 
  art . 
  17 regulation ( eu ) no 604/2013 ( dublin iii )  1 . 
  by way of derogation from article 3 ( 1 ) , each member state may decide to examine an application for international protection lodged with it by a third-country national or a stateless person , even if such examination is not its responsibility under the criteria laid down in this regulation . 
  which is all we are doing . 
  the other states allowing asylum seekers to pass their territory to germany is none of our business , quite frankly . 
  nobody did dismiss it entirely though ? 
   contrary to existing rules . 
  it is not actually . 
  dublin explicitly provided rules allowing this . 
  you surely are blind or dont have any friends on facebook . 
  i have never met someone who did not experience anti-refugee sentiments on his facebook . 
  the cases where people call for violence are well-documented . 
   since they sell so many more cars in europe if you cant meet the tests , you cant meet the tests . 
  no matter how many cars you sold  the tests are subject to less verification . 
  well . 
  it was n't a regular us test that lead to the discovery of the cheating . 
   just a crazy situation , will be interesting to see how things workout in a few months . 
  it would be the most ridiculous shit ever if replacement of a few minor parts plus a new software could solve all the problems . 
  people would have deleted billions of euros just for the sake of saving a little money and looking a bit better on the data sheets . 
  given that the tests are pretty shitty on both sides it doesnt surprise me . 
  it has been proven that a variety of cars emit up to 15 times the tested value under real life conditions . 
  at least to me , it was pretty clear that they wont meet the eu requirements either . 
  lets see what the final ` real ' emissions are ( vw has to disclose them to the eu until the end of the year ) . 
  how is that surprising anyone ? 
  if the cars are fit to cheat the us test , why should n't it work on the eu test ? 
  even though the procedures might differ slightly , the external conditions are pretty much the same . 
  since it is a model that was openly declared affected , this is hardly ` news ' . 
  the impact of a brexit would dwarf that of a grexit . 
   we will see eu countries give citizenship to many of the current wave of migrants and then those people will have the right to the uk . 
  there is nothing that would indicate this so far . 
  you could ask exactly the same questions about the refugee crisis right now or the euro crisis just a few months back . 
  well , 10 $ for 0.5 l in six flags was n't that impressive either . 
   netflix is available for purchase in germany now , right ? 
  well , if you get a subscription and then use hulu or whatever it is called ( a vpn of some kind ) to make it appear as though you 're in the uk , you should be able to watch all of the seasons of hoc uk . 
  that 's how i watched it ( although without the vpn , because i live in the uk anyway ) . 
  man , fuck geoblocking . 
  maybe i 'll just shoot the trilogy for ten bucks on amazon . 
   it was different and interesting in a lot of ways . 
  yeah it was pretty ` different ' . 
  i dont really like seeing frank losing his cool . 
   at some point there has to be that eureka moment . 
  it was certainly the biggest cliffhanger i have seen in a while . 
   it was good , but not the same good as the previous seasons . 
  i want to see how they build on it . 
  i think i 'll save my final judgement until i really understand everything and the reasoning behind the actions ( aka after s4 ) . 
   i wish they would just announce the release date already if they followed the same scheme as the last seasons , it would be the 11th of march ( the timespan between new season releases has constantly been 1y 13d ), 
   so more sideplots = better ( imo ) as long as it does n't become confusing and as long as it stays interesting , i agree . 
   kevin spacy is just amazing he really is . 
   and the ultimate jewel in the crown for the uk version is to play a king . 
  i unfortunately did not have the pleasure of watching seasons two and three yet as i could not find a proper stream . 
  i have read about the two , though . 
   so the us writers of hoc had to completely make up their own stuff and it did n't work out especially well ( imo ) we are entering uncharted territory with s4 anyways , the us series gets rid of more and more boundaries of the novel/uk show as it progresses . 
  i was n't that happy with s3 , lets see how it continues . 
  handball , i guess . 
   it 's alright , but it 's got nothing on the american version its a lot more subtle in some parts and features a significantly lower number of sideplots . 
  it also leveled the field for a lot of great stuff in the us version ( e.g. 
  breaking the fourth wall ) . 
   all four seasons there are three ` seasons ' ( a house of cards , to play the king , the final cut ) with four episodes each . 
  the same is true for our pegida people . 
  while the connection of germany and hitler on the international stage certainly plays some kind of role in our role in geo-political affairs , it is by far not the main point that prevents us from doing so . 
  it lies more in the experience that war has never led us anywhere and the recent military involvements of the west have done nothing to change that view ( libya , iraq , afghanistan ) . 
  additionally , you always step on someones feet when engaging in military action . 
  germany has ( due to the export-oriented stucture of our industry ) no interest in polarizing too much on the international stage .
