  well , our goalposts are extremely ambitious . 
  should we reach them , we would deserve the label `` green '' . 
  what we are currently doing however is paving the way for other countries to `` go green '' - no matter that it was a bit of a failed policy , government subsidies for photovoltaik has significantly driven down the prices while the efficiency was increasing . 
  in the same turn , electricity storage is becoming cheaper and cheaper . 
  up to this day , i can not grasp how the greens are supportive of shutting down nuclear as long as the replacement is coal . 
  you are correct in saying that we currently do not deserve to be called ` green ' . 
  if you look at emissions per kwh , it is france who would deserve that label . 
  but nobody is going to mention that because its based on nuclear . 
  pretty much our whole generation is learning english and the quality will only get better by time . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  i prefer good communication with everyone in europe over artificially trying to protect my language from any external influences . 
  and language does not have a monopoly on our history , roots etc. 
  - language is always changing . 
  there is nothing wrong with that and there is nothing to be lost here . 
  you are wrong . 
  and much more importantly , i am still waiting for you to deliver that `` loong and nasty list '' that you announced to deliver six hours ago . 
   it 's like the no true scottsman argument . 
  sounds biased , imho . 
  you would not think so if you looked at his acting during the last term both in terms of stance towards his own party aswell concerning actual policies . 
  kretschmann is assumed to be closer to merkel than the candidate of merkels own party in that state . 
  well , if this was really the thing that got bush elected , then it 's fair to say that we are assholes  it is actually incredibly stupid to do something like this . 
  it is one thing to give an opinion about an election , writing letters is on a whole different level . 
  but we should not be afraid to give our opinion here . 
  some of the respondents obviously went on and became youtube commenters . 
  this is ... a campaign from a british newspaper ? 
  nothing official that would include politicians and especially nothing that comes from germany . 
  so i guess you meant `` europeans '' by `` you assholes '' ? 
  if he or she gets reelected with broad approval , why not ? 
   is n't germany 's greens the original green party ? 
  i have to admit that i do n't know . 
  but they are far from conservative ( despite their audience being amongst the highest earning people in comparison between the parties ) . 
   as long as they are in opposition , they can just claim that the other parties do n't want to work with them ( which is mostly true ) and are thus obstructing all their efforts . 
  nope . 
  what i was talking was the use of the political tools that are open to any party in the parliament , not just the government . 
  you have other opposition parties without chance of cooperation with the government , yet they are a lot more active . 
  and dont say that it is because they are a new party - the greens made more use of these tools when they first came into the state parliaments . 
  you can not really argue with the other parties obstructing something on this . 
   also most people are not voting for them because they think the party is competent in the first place - they are voting for them to send a fuck you message to the established parties . 
  i can agree with this . 
   which is quite incredible for a new party if you ask me . 
  not really . 
  it 's pretty much the same results the republicans have achieved in the last refugee crisis in the 90s . 
  nothing incredible about it . 
  ( well , the 18 % are something different admittedly ) . 
  i would describe it as sensible aswell . 
  it also makes a lot of sense . 
  conservativism and caring for the environment do not have to be contradictory . 
   then why is tusk in cyprus trying to pressure anastasiades to play along ? 
  because exercising political pressure is not wrong or prohibited . 
  tusk is not acting on germanys behalf by the way . 
   yeah , having half an eu country under military occupation is not a severe problem . 
  how german of you . 
  pretending to care , but actually not giving a shit . 
  it is not a problem we could solve in a short time . 
  it is also not a problem that is actively producing results that are as dire as the refugees in greece . 
  it is not a desirable status , but why should we step back on a solution because of an unsolved conflict ? 
   mark . 
  words . 
  cyprus will be pressed by the eu for a solution that will humongously benefit turkey . 
  morfou is not coming back . 
  but germany will send us a card to congratulate us on the solution . 
  i think it 's a bit early to call on that . 
  the separation of cyprus is going for a long time and there is no end in sight unfortunately . 
  it 's a sad state , but we can not do anything about this currently . 
  from wikipedia :  germans elect their members of parliament with two votes in mixed-member proportional elections . 
  one vote is for a direct candidate who is in a plurality voting system competition in every election district . 
  the second vote ( considered as more important ) is for electoral lists for every state of germany lined up and ordered by the parties to gain proportional representation . 
  the bundestag is then filled with candidates that won their electoral districts by first vote and candidates of the electoral lists according to share in second votes . 
  common practice is that direct candidates are also ( well ) placed on the electoral lists as a backup . 
  as some memberships are assigned for compensation and overhang , fairness and rightfulness of the german election system is under steady discussion and development . 
  so in the end , your first vote determines which candidate out of your district will be in the parliament ( this guy will be guaranteed to have a seat ) . 
  half of the parliament consists of these direct candidates . 
  the other half of the mps is determined by the lists of the party , according to their voting share . 
  should a party get more direct candidates than they ` deserve ' based on the secondary vote , there will be additional mps for the other parties to balance this out . 
  as a result , the vote weight is the [ fairest in europe ] ( http://imgur.com/a/takgy ) . 
  the only ` real ' obstacle we have is a 5 % hurdle to get into the parliament . 
  -- -- -- this is the system for the federal level , it differs a little for the state elections which is what we are talking about here . 
  given the election results in surrounding countries , i think we are pretty well off with 10 % of right wing votes . 
  my biggest worry about this is that it makes building coalitions harder honestly . 
  with 10 % , they can not do much harm but it is enough to expose that they are incompetent in politics . 
  there have been stats from one of the state parliaments - the afd is the parliament group which is doing the least . 
  my a large margin . 
  and that is quite surprising given the nature of that party . 
  what are you trying to tell me ? 
  kretschmann is the single most powerful member of the green party currently and the only green in history to be elected minister president . 
  no division of the green party has election results that come remotely close to kretschmanns greens . 
  when it comes to recent events , he regularly sided with merkel and the cdu in the * bundesrat * even though the federal greens were opposed to it . 
  i think sachsen-anhalt will do the `` horrifying '' part - the afd is projected to reach 18 % there . 
  the other two states will be less worrisome to me . 
  when he first came into power , there was an article about him in a national newspaper that stated the following ( roughly ) : `` if you want to go to mr. kretschmann , you enter the street , and at the end of the street you will see a house packed with solar panels . 
  mr kretschmann lives in the house to the right of it '' . 
  i would argue that he fits in neither category . 
  he is essentially a conservative that cares about the environment . 
  euractiv is decent but there are some issues with it , and the main issue is visibility . 
  you wo n't really stumble upon it unless you are actively looking for it . 
  it does not have the exposure . 
  the green candidate in that state is essentially a conservative with a little green touch . 
  he could be the frontrunner of the cdu as well and his policies match that . 
  he really has little to do with the federal party he is in . 
   so why do n't germans just sent buses to greece and take this refugees to germany if they are worry so much about greece , and if you think `` it 's unworthy of europe '' ?
