  this was a joke ... 
  it is an opportunity indeed but it does not invalidate the criticism . 
  your politicians neither have a plan for the future reforms of the eu ( why should they ? ), 
  nor do they have a plan for leaving the eu or keeping the uk together . 
  that 's all . 
  factual realities and opportunities arising from this situation can not be attributed to your politicians . 
  their way of dealing with the result of the brexit vote has been embarrassing so far and there is no change in sight . 
  i think it is kind of telling that the eu and the governement of the other big eu countries seem to be better prepared for a brexit vote than your politicians are . 
  no quotes as i 'm on mobile . 
  i do not expect the government to implement a ukip plan , but i do expect a single-issue party to have a plan for that one issue . 
  in fact , i expect any major political player in this issue to have a plan for both outcomes . 
  it is how democracy should work : different parties propose different plans and you choose the most promising one . 
  especially when it comes to the tools of direct democracy . 
  if the government does n't have a plan , it can take a look at the plans of the other parties . 
  the post-brexit plans of your parties are essentially the following : `` let 's disintegrate !, 
  who needs functioning political parties in times of crisis anyways ? '', 
  yes , one can develop a plan over time . 
  but it is a better bet to have a vague idea/plan and then alter it on the go . 
  that 's might well be true but it is not the point here . 
  here 's the difference : you are not a major political personality . 
  you do n't do this for a living . 
  other people ( in leading positions ) do not look to you in search of a plan . 
  it is okay ( even though not optimal ) for a citizen to advocate for change without having a plan , it is n't if you are a politician . 
  there are issues and events you can not plan for but ukip had over a decade to come up with a plan for a brexit . 
  i also disagree with you . 
  not having a plan at all is not really beneficial for anybody . 
  your politicians are running around like headless chicken at this moment . 
  none of the candidates for nr . 
  10 has a cohesive plan for the brexit . 
  currently the only difference seems to be `` let 's trigger art . 
  50 immediately '' and `` let 's wait a little longer '' . 
  this is something completely different ? 
  farage & co. never had a serious interest in reforming the eu , they just wanted to get out of it . 
  plus un , imf and wto . 
  if you are the one advocating for a drastic change , you can be expected to have a plan for this scenario . 
  no matter if you are in charge or not . 
  build a wall in the middle of the channel and let the eu pay for it !, 
  based on what policy exactly ? 
  i am in a bit of a hurry , but here are short answers :  it will prevent better environmental protection the states will retain the rights to regulate on environmental protection . 
  this policy area is excepted from isds under ceta and likely will be under ttip . 
   it will give them a way to sue countries in secret supernational courts on the basis of projected profits these courts are not secret under ceta and ttip . 
  ceta incooperated uncitral transparecny rules , ttip has an own transparency regime ( in the leaks ) that includes streaming the court sessions online . 
  the `` claims for projected profits '' are an inflated issue . 
   imagen we learn that some previously thought to be harmless waste is toxic . 
  countries want to prevent cooperations to dump that waste in the environment . 
  with ttip even before said legislation could be implemented , cooperations could intervene and even if said legislation would be implemented , cooperations could sue on the basis of profits lost due to better more safe standards . 
  this is again untrue because these agreements have clauses that except these policies from being subject to isds . 
  show me a single case where such a thing happened and where the investor actually won the case . 
   and by the way , these promised gains are vague and if you look into other trade deals , you wo n't find much good that came out of them . 
  still asking for a source . 
  without doubt : yes . 
  you are more likely to die by a lighting than by a terrorist attack on a plane . 
  especially if you are flying from one of the big airports like heathrow with thorough security checks . 
  nothing childish about it . 
  you did not source your claims either . 
  never claimed anything else . 
  of course they care about their shareholders ( even though that 's a bit more moderate since a majority of vw is owned by the porsche holding ) . 
  the second most important share holder is the state of lower saxony which obviously has no interest in moving jobs to mexico . 
  of course they still strive for profit , but the unique setup of this company ensures that the input of local decisionmakers will be valued a lot . 
  the stakeholders are considered more than in other companies . 
  because the german industry is pretty unique . 
  the bosses of the labor unions are part of the board of directors . 
  and these people are of course keen to protect their domestic jobs . 
  additionally , it is expensive and takes so much time that the chances are good that we will have a trade deal until these things are set up . 
  japan would be your best bet here . 
  thing is : # 1 and # 3 of car part makers are german . 
  in today 's world , everything is interconnected . 
  setting up additional car factories wo n't solve that . 
  plus setting up assembly lines and rearranging of deliveries takes ages . 
  by the point these things are finished , it is very possible that we will have a eu-uk deal in place . 
  you are ignoring one fundamental problem : these factories do not have mexican owners . 
  it is not up to the factories in mexico to decide what they want to export . 
  it will be audi in germany who makes that decision . 
  or fiat in italy . 
  and since these companies tend to produce in their home countries for the european market , they will likely just say no . 
  it is not like the uk has any alternatives that are quickly available . 
  true . 
  but then - so will a trade deal with the european union . 
  if you look at the car manufacturing countries you need to strike deals with ( mainly japan and sk ) , you will notice that these countries account for 1.6 % and 1.0 % of your imports as well as 1.4 % and 1.5 % of your exports . 
  these two countries combined are less important for you than ireland alone . 
  or italy . 
  or spain . 
  or the benelux . 
  or ... you get the point . 
  the majority of american cars is still produced in the us . 
  actually , they make pretty much * all * kinds of cars in mexico . 
  german , italian , japanese , american , south korean , british . 
  these cars however are mainly produced for the north american market . 
  80 % of mexican exports go the us and canada . 
  generally speaking , cars designated for the north american market are equipped for that market and they also tend to have a lower build quality ( to keep costs down in the low-price car market of the us ) . 
  the uk does not even import cars from mexico at this point . 
  only vehicle parts . 
   if they would be able to negotiate while not having left , they will be able to still make the end choice of '' leaving or not leaving '' once they trigger article 50 , there is no way out for them . 
  there is no procedure to stop art . 
  you can delay it a few years , but not more . 
   10 % on german cars . 
  which would not be a disaster for us . 
  you do not have a trade deal with any major car manufacturing country in the world . 
  the european union ? 
  no deal .
