  they currently have , respectively , 5,310 and 10,950 men under arms . 
  this argument doesnt make any sense at all . 
  the benefit of a ` percentage of gdp ' aim is that it scales with the country . 
  in relation to population , lithuania has about as many troops as the uk does . 
   the case for a u.s.-dominated nato disappeared years ago . 
  it is time for the allies to discuss what comes next . 
  perhaps a european-run nato , with washington as an associate member . 
  not really . 
  the us is as dominant as it is because it has the capabilities of doing so and , more importantly , because it chooses to do so . 
  washington will not be consent with being second row in the nato . 
  given the numbers in this article , it becomes really funny that some gop candidates call the us the ` most generous country on the surface of earth ' . 
  while this proposal surely is stupid : no , not really . 
  it is not unheared of that countries ban controversial people from entering , in case they are endangering the social peace . 
  banning people from a certain religion however is unheared of in the recent time ( at least in civilized countries ) . 
  the second one is discriminatory , the other one isnt . 
  geology . 
  is it this time of the year again ? 
   in which products and services will move freely without economic and/or regulatory restrictions . 
  not entirely true . 
   the full liberalization of trade between eu and us - liberalisation from the `` shackles '' of different labour , environmental , social and other regulatory standards - will allow the maximum exploitation of the commercial opportunities offered by the two largest economic powers of the planet . 
  nonsense . 
  different labour situations in different countries will remain , ttip will not change that . 
   but also includes large-scale multinational corporations this hardly speaks against a goddamn * trade deal * . 
  if you want to ease trade , you have to ask the actors that are trading . 
   the degradation of key regulatory barriers and rules on environmental protection , including labour rights , rules on food safety and the abolition of laws on personal data protection , are just some of what has leaked from the formal negotiations . 
  there is no reliable information that would confirm any of these claims . 
   negotiations that take place , once more , behind closed doors , under a regime of absolute secrecy , without any public information or access to information to the european political parties , without substantial involvement of the european parliament and last but not least , in locations and at times that remain unknown . 
  like any other trade deal so far . 
   provides legal possibilities to private investors , equivalent to those of a member-state not even close . 
   major international corporations will acquire the legal right to raise barriers against the democratic decisions of sovereign states or supranational associations , when they consider that such decisions jeopardize their profits . 
  nonsense . 
  they only have a potential to win these cases if the decisions are discriminatory or running counter to previous governments commitments with that company . 
   however , the strategy of the neoliberal forces could not be limited only to the financial institutions or the trade agreements ; neoliberalism 's greatest enemy , is the democracy itself . 
  tl ; dr bavarian sister-party of merkels party is in favor of cutting benefits for eu citizens like they have been for a while now . 
  this however has no further implications as long as merkel and the spd are opposed to it . 
  oh come on . 
  dont be ridiculous . 
  the only country that will directly feel the consequences will be ukraine . 
  nothing will change for ee . 
   for ee , ns2 means mrp2 - what it brings about is another matter . 
  and i emphatically disagree with this comparison . 
  vw is n't selling its suzuki shares to get money to deal with the crisis . 
  same is true for leaseplan , the deal was made months before the current crisis . 
   they do n't keep all that money in liquid assets that was not my point . 
  the lions share of profits vw makes originates from audi and porsche , and these two are still increasing sales . 
  there is no reason that they would suddenly experience a significant drop in income from this side . 
  bps fine for deepwater horizon has a payment period of 15 years . 
  this makes a possible fine a lot more manageable . 
   9 billion euro on this fine alone would be a huge hit , as vw expected the scandal to cost around 30 billion euro total . 
  not really . 
  the us is the major problematic area . 
  for most eu cars , it is sufficient to replace a part that costs less than 1 $ + a software update . 
   that could end up being hundreds of millions too , and can still be followed up by a europe wide fine . 
  as i said , the eu issues are less problematic . 
  the main focus is on the us . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was n't talking about 2005 , i was talking about the current day . 
  i suppose that most germans do not really have an opinion on the issue ( in fact , many people likely have n't got a clue what ns is/means ) . 
  if the ee states were n't objecting to ns2 , it would n't even be part of public discussion here . 
  the main part that remained in the collective memore is the fact that schr\u00f6der immediately got a job at gazprom . 
  i think the diffences in public opinion are just caused by different distances to the problem . 
  russia is not an existential threat to germany and we do not have any problems with our gas prices either . 
  we just see that the ukraine siuation threatens our supply and thus ns sounds logical . 
  as i said elsewhere , i do not see the threat you see . 
  russia wont stop demanding higher prices from ee until we purchase gas from the eu as an entity , as elsewhere suggested . 
  if we have proper infrastructure allowing us to get gas into ee , there is no threat of you being cut off . 
  we have that expression , too . 
   9 billion is a hell of a lot money for a company like vw to miss . 
  vw made more profit in 2014 alone ... 
  given that they already secured loans multiple times that number , i dont see a significant threat . 
   there 's another 4 billion hanging above them from the eib , and quite possibly more claims/fines to come . 
  yes , there will be more claims , but consider this : the number of manipulated cars sold in markets that are not us and europe is very minor . 
  in the whole eu , they can only be sued once for the same issue . 
  they are a bigger recipient in the state redistribution mechanism than any other * state * , they are taking more money than baden-w\u00fcrttemberg puts in . 
  the other former gdr states are doing better . 
  biggest receiver of redistributed state money until very recently. ,, 
  9 billions ( especially since they will likely get a long payment period like bp ) is n't really threatening for vw . 
  it 's not that meaningful if you are not in our top ten . 
  our main goods are cars and machinery , creating huge value . 
  given that our agricultural sector is n't that big , it could be possible . 
  the city itself is piss-poor . 
  it is building expensive parts of infrastructure and is playing ` poor but sexy ' at the expense of the rest of germany . 
  well , i am certainly not a kremlin troll . 
  your comparison is extremely far-fetched and does not even remotely fit to the current situation . 
  you are almost acting like building ns2 equals a death sentence for ee . 
  it wo n't go to the maximum . 
  nobody in the law area is expecting a fine close to that . 
  vw recently secured 30 billion $ in loans to deal with the crisis . 
  well offer your gas as an alternative or shut up on the issue . 
  germans are somewhat pisssd at schr\u00f6der for immediately ` changing sides ' to gasprom . 
  north stream itself is n't that controversial i think . 
  many people do n't take interest in it . 
   you should n't be surprised that germany is treated differently from georgia . 
  i am not . 
   there is an issue if you wish to avoid a similar situation in the future . 
  this is out of our hands though ? 
   it matters if you wish to avoid a similar situation in the future . 
  if we can rid ourselves of all these issues by building ns2 , it doesnt matter to us anymore . 
   one could have used the same argument in 1939 to reason the partitioning of poland . 
  both ussr and germany were dependent on each others trade .
