  it is likely that this is the case for germany as well . 
  and i can imagine that trains in the ruhrgebiet area are prone to be delayed - simply because they cover more connections with higher priority trains . 
  you are confusing something : the 96 % figure is less than 5:59 min delay . 
  the db has two different statistics - one for delays below 15:59 min and one below 5:59 min . 
   there is no functional high-speed rail link to any neighbouring country thalys to belgium and france , ices to switzerland and austria . 
   traffic infrastructure needs a lot more funding and faster planning processes . 
  true , but it still is n't as bad as many people make it to be . 
  germany is [ ranking # 1 in transport related infrastructure according to the world bank ] ( http://lpi.worldbank.org/international/global ) . 
  this does n't mean that we should n't put more effort and money into this however . 
   i always thought that german train were a lot better than ours ( uk ) . 
  well , we still beat your punctuality ratings . 
  however your customers are a lot more satisfied ( for whatever reason ) . 
  the reality is the opposite however . 
  short distance trains are on time 96 % of the time while long distance trains only reach 80 % . 
  well , the equation is a bit more complicated . 
  texas is larger , but this does not mean that they have more infrastructure to maintain . 
  the interstate system of texas has 3,200 miles of road , the autobahn system of germany ( which is significantly more expensive to maintain ) has 8,100 miles . 
  size alone does not mean infrastructure . 
  if there is an area where nobody lives , you do not have to build infrastructure . 
  if you divide it by people ( switching to the metric system here ) : territory | length of interstates | inhabitants | length of interstates per citizen -- | -- | -- | -- germany | 13,000 km | 80,620,000 | 16 cm texas | 5,200 km | 27,469,114 | 18.9 cm not that much of a difference honestly . 
  comparing the other streets is more difficult . 
  for anyone not wanting to download/go through the document , their conclusion :  it is noteworthy that eu membership does not appear to have increased countries ' economic growth rates . 
  of course , one could take a defensive position . 
  according to martin wolf , the influential chief economics commentator of the financial times , nobody can credibly argue that `` eu membership has been a significant obstacle to uk prosperity . '' results reported in the present paper are not inconsistent with this assessment . 
  depending on one 's disposition , the cup is either half full or half empty . 
  the finding that the eu has no discernible effect on the economic growth of its member nations should perhaps not come as a major surprise to those familiar with the literature on growth diagnostics ( see rodrik 2010 ) and globalization more generally ( see rodrik 2011 ) . 
  the eu can create a level playing field , but there is no one-size-fits-all to growth policies . 
  policies to address ( country specific ) binding constraints must be tailored to local circumstances , and thus becomes the remit of national policymakers ( rodrik 2010 ) . 
  put differently , eu membership ( which now means adopting and implementing the eu acquis ) does not make for a growth strategy per se . 
  of course , our ` non-findings ' could simply be a reflection of noisy data . 
  although all oecd countries refer to the same international system of national accounts , in practice they use different statistical methods and the quality of their statistical systems varies ( lequiller and blades 2014 ) . 
  the oecd concludes that measurement differences imply that a growth difference between the united states and another oecd country of less than 0.3 percentage points should not be considered ( statistically ) significant . 
  when we turn to developing countries , we are on a substantially less solid base . 
  indeed , for some countries one may reasonably doubt that gdp data make much sense at all ( jerven 2013 ) . 
   we end with a word of caution . 
  needless to mention , the eu provides many other direct benefits ( or costs , depending on one 's perspective ) to the citizens of europe . 
  for example , the right to study , work , travel , and live in any eu country of one 's choosing is certainly a benefit that the authors of this paper value highly . 
  and the eu has also contributed to , among other things , consumer protection , workplace safety , regional convergence , and constitutional rights protection . 
  by focusing exclusively on economic growth , we only consider the indirect ` growth value ' of any of these many likely direct eu benefits . 
  this is an obvious limitation of the present research . 
  but overall , we trust that an agnostic stance with respect to the growth contribution of eu membership is both justified empirically and non-trivial in terms of political economy, 
   ... and put an end to that idiotic monthly move to strasbourg ? 
  it 's a bit hard for us remain campaigners to tell the great british public you 're value for money when the entire parliament decamps like a gigantic travelling circus every few weeks . 
  well , you have the vast majority of europe * and * the european parliament on your side . 
  the problem is that france is blocking any move in this direction . 
   does amazon pay that poorly in germany ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  iirc the striking workers are payed 10 $ / hour before taxes . 
  which honestly is n't great . 
  * however * i am deeply convinced that amazon * will * offer shitty pay to their drivers . 
  dhl pays 11 $ / hour entry level , some subcontractors payed ( until recently ) 5 $ / hour in an 60 hour week . 
  this is no longer the case ( 8,50 $ minimum wage ) , but a lot of problems remain . 
  i really do not pity the people working in this sector . 
  especially since the deliveries get bigger and heavier . 
  i have seen delivery drivers having to carry 30 or 40 kg packages into third floor . 
  partly , yes . 
  and i am on amazons side here . 
  these people are carrying boxes from a to b at the order of a computer . 
  yes , it is physically exhausting , but it is nowhere comparable to retail work . 
  the thing is : dhl , fedex and ups need to make a profit . 
  amazon owned logistics would be fine if they were operating at no profit or even a slight loss as amazon earns money from the products . 
  this essentially means that an own delivery network will be quite a lot cheaper than the regular services - essentially giving amazon the edge over any new competitor . 
  because you can only create your own network if you have loads of cash ( or * very * potent investors ) . 
  otherwise you have to rely on the mentioned companies , effectively making you less competitive . 
  even though amazon offers their service to other people , they charge them for it . 
  effectively , it is a path to a monopoly . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i am convinced that it would also allow for better and , most importantly , faster service . 
  i simply think that it could be damaging for the market as a whole . 
  not even talking about the delivery drivers . 
  amazon has a history of offering shitty pay to their employees . 
  dhl is doing the same with their subcontractors , but this really should not be our aim . 
   amazon owned logistics seems like the next logical step . 
  they are the next logical step , but it is a bit worrisome from the competition standpoint . 
  any specific examples ? 
  it would certainly be a very narrow time window . 
  after two years , a trade deal would have to be in place or both sides would have to face tariffs . 
  and two years is not a long time when it comes to the negotiation of a trade deal . 
  honestly , i did never claim that germany belongs on the top of this ranking . 
  i think around top 10 ( as we are now ) is fair . 
  however , there is a disparity between the two indexes and i would argue that the difference can be explained by including metrics that are not directly related to `` corruption '' in this index . 
  i never claimed that it was a deciding factor , but i still think it is a bullshit metric that does not belong into a corruption index . 
  this ... is not even part of this index ? 
  yes . 
  but this is not the point . 
  do n't forget that many major cities in syria have been places where fighting took place . 
  and even more importantly - many people are running away from assad and not ` just ' isis - assads airforce is responsible for more deaths than isis is . 
  you are unable to source your point or give it any validity . 
  dont distract from the fact that you are speculating and that your claims have no factual basis . 
   no we are a vassal to a united europe sorry , but you are an idiot . 
   how did in any way germany benefit from the eu , tell me . 
  pretty much every sector has been positively influenced by the eu . 
  starting from workers rights through passenger rights to better economic prospects and a lot of power . 
  so your point is just speculation . 
  great . 
  really fits the rest of your comments in this thread . 
  good luck proving that . 
  source ? 
  oh , i was n't focussing on the uk . 
  i am fully aware that this is true for pretty much any democracy . 
  i think switzerland may possibly be one of the rare exceptions , but i am certain even there one will find a lot of people that are poorly informed on the issues they are voting on .
