  true , it sucks , but it is just so fitting given how some of the campaigns were handled . 
  the value is not controlled by us . 
  qe has driven the value down far more than we liked . 
  it is not 50 % of our economiy that is linked to exports 3 . 
  every european country is benefitting from the eea, 
  liechtenstein is no eu member . 
  they are basically switzerland 2.0 . 
  nope . 
   great song though . 
   you also talk like their is absolutely no guns in europe and you 're wrong . 
  i am not . 
  i am aware that there is a ludicrous amount of weapons in germany . 
  we have above 30 guns per 100 residents . 
  does not invalidate my points . 
  because you are actually talking about carrying a pistol around . 
   if the criminals has a knife you can get a knife but not longer that his and you will go to prison in you injure him . 
  this is bullshit , not true , as i have already stated multiple times . 
   unless he stabs you , then you can probably stab him back . 
  well , what do you expect ? 
  just being allowed to stab anyone who carries a knife ? 
  the gained `` security '' by carrying a gun would be outdone by a higher danger through other people carrying guns . 
  in fact , your life is safer as well if you are not carrying a gun . 
  you might get robbed ? 
  so what . 
  it 's only money . 
  life is a lot more important . 
  and the reality is : despite the fact that fewer people carry guns , the chance of getting robbed here is lower than in many countries where carry is permitted . 
  as i have already outlined , in germany it would be legal if there was no other way of protecting yourself . 
  you are not forced to go into a knife fight because the chances of success are a lot lower . 
  still , you would not be allowed to fire immediately . 
  a gun will usually be enough to get the attackers with knifes to flee the scene . 
   i do n't see why would you brand me a someone not trustworthy just because i do n't trust others for my protection . 
  i do not know you . 
  i have no reason to believe in your ability to handle a gun . 
  i have no reason to believe that you would not freak out in the situation of a shooting . 
  it have no indicators to believe that you are not too quick on the trigger . 
   all you 're trying to do is mark me as someone dangerous to society for my believes . 
  correct . 
  and i stand by that . 
  allowing people to carry guns makes the society less safe . 
  not safer . 
   also i would like you to take a look at switzerland that has much more flexible gun laws than other eu countries . 
  switzerland also has a higher gun homicide rate than other comparable countries . 
   i do not hate the migrants but you have to face the reality which is that there is more and more violence in europe . 
  there is n't . 
  the largest groups of refugees ( syria and iraq ) have crime rates similar to the native population . 
  most of the crimes committed by refugees/migrants is theft . 
  we only see crime increasing for one reason - eastern european burglar groups . 
   also the fact that you ca n't use the gun if they only have knifes is above retarded . 
  it is n't . 
   it 's not like you agreed to enter a match that must be somehow fair . 
  if you have a gun and they have knifes , you will likely be able to get them to leave * without * shooting at their face . 
   are those laws expecting me to have honor towards the criminals . 
  i 'm sorry to say but european laws regarding self defense are worthless . 
  they work quite well . 
  we see a lot less traumatic cases than we do in the us . 
   i 'm not saying that there should be no background checks before you can buy a gun . 
  i never assumed that . 
  i do n't want people with background checks to run around with guns either . 
  guns over here are not for self-defence . 
  end of the story . 
  no point in arguing about it . 
   if you fell safe knowing there is no way you can protect yourself in need then who am i to hold that against you . 
  one of the reasons that we can feel safe is * because * everyone else does n't have a gun either . 
   however i do think most people have this some idiot will shot someone mentality from american media while fail to acknowledge how big america is . 
  this is not about how `` big '' america is . 
  what matters is the gun-related homicide rate . 
  it is a rate , completely unrelated to the total number of people . 
  and the us fares terribly in these rankings . 
   idiots in europe can get a gun anyway and it has nothing to do with self defence !, 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
  guns are still less prevalent here . 
   still i would say that 15 or 10 years or even 5 would completely ruin lives of most people . 
  it 's just wrong !, 
  that 's why you can easily prevent getting sentenced that time by simply not carrying a gun . 
   i also completely understand your point for firearm carry but you must understand that people like me just do n't trust the police and the state to protect them and would feel much better if we could know that if need arises we can protect ourself and our loved ones insead of just hoping that everything works out . 
  you make everyone else feel less secure by doing that . 
  honestly , the low gun-related homicide rates in our countries with very strict gun control speak for our system . 
  and no , we do not need to understand anything . 
  it is a good thing that people like you are not allowed to carry around guns . 
   in europe your best defense is luck . 
  you obviously have no clue of the reality here . 
   do you perhaps know what the sentence would be for something like that it 's just not worth it . 
  even if you carried a toy that looks like a weapon ( softair for example ) , it would be illegal and you could face a fine up to 10,000 $ . 
  for regular carry of a simple pistol , you face a prison sentence up to three years . 
  unless it is required for very specific reason , it is strictly prohibited to own weapons for the purpose of self-defence . 
   i know i sound paranoid but i honestly feel like europeans have no real way to protect themselfs apart from being lucky . 
  honestly , this is ridiculous . 
  this is not about ` being lucky ' . 
  in fact , the chance that someone dies due to some idiot carrying a weapon is much higher . 
   is there a permit that allows europeans to store a firearms in a car for self defence ? 
  generally not . 
   lastly , lets say a group of people tryes to rob you during the night on some german gas station ( just an example ) and your forced to shot one of the attackers in the leg to stop them . 
  would that be justified or would it be considered a crime ? 
  if there is no other , less harmful way of stopping them - yes . 
  you would still be prosecuted for illegal public carry of a weapon though . 
  if they already robbed you and run away , shooting them would be illegal . 
  i know . 
  but nevertheless - it is still far from the common case .
