  at some point , you have to assume that the current owner is in that position legally , otherwise you would basically ban any trade of greek goods originating before 1945 . 
  it is something different for major artworks and similar stuff however . 
  sorry for my ignorance - but how exactly is that relevant today ? 
  you would have to be really oblivious to think that there was no looting involved in this war . 
  nevertheless , it is pretty much impossible to proof the origin of the named goods , whether they were obtained legally or not . 
  can you please provide me with any german source that is claiming that the camps were ` polish ' ? 
  or just a report about such an article form a german newspaper ? 
  i have never read such a thing ( there were some articles clarifying that the camps are ` in poland but not polish ' considering the controversy , however i have never met someone that disputed that these camps were german ( ? 
  this however is about the concentration camps in poland - nobody would claim that a death camp somewhere in japan is polish . 
  ( even claiming that the camps in poland were ` polish ' is ridiculous enough ), 
  well , even if they were war loot - it would be pretty tough to find the original owner nowadays . 
  i doubt that anyone has any reliable proof of owning such stuff . 
  this is pretty much in correlation with the development of the gdp in ppp . 
  we still have our own foreign policy . 
  also , a pipeline in europe is pretty much none of the business of the us . 
  it is their right to warn about consequences however ( a higher grade of dependency on russia might turn out bad for us ) . 
  the first article is from britain and reflects a eu position , the second one displays a us position . 
  it is no surprise that the us is opposed to such a deal . 
  how is that related to the other article ? 
  greece getting a pipeline from russia does not equalize aligning with russia . 
  the eu was not opposed to the first attempt of that pipeline * per se * but the first proposal for the pipeline violated european law . 
  guess what , north stream directly ends in germany - we are no russian colony yet . 
  well , signed or not , the us has n't tested anything for quite some time . 
  true , the us would not give a damn about any treaty if they desired to do so - who is going to fine/punish them ? 
  it would prompt a lot of protest from many countries , but the us has proven time and time again that they do not care about other countries protesting , plus sanctions of any kind are completely unrealistic , especially considering that many countries rely on the us for defense . 
  [ wiki says it bans all testing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_nuclear-test-ban_treaty ) , the us has signed but not ratified it . 
  that would be surprising . 
  the us hasnt tested any nukes for over two decades now and also is part of a treaty that disallows the testing . 
  it is actually somewhat desired that russia keeps its stuff up to date - it reduces the possiblity of accidents . 
  also the security standarts for a launch tend to be better for newer missles , reducing the possiblity of a missle getting into hands of people that are not supposed to have them . 
  ( and yes , i am aware that the possible damage these new missles can do is higher compared to the old ones ) . 
  makes the whole statement a lot less scarier . 
  explicitly announcing it gives it a bit of a negative touch , but it is not exactly worrisome . 
  the question is : was this planned even before the crisis ? 
  russia and the us keep renewing their nukes every now and then as some simply are outdated . 
  you do not add 40 new advanced nuclear missles to your arsenal in one year without production and research starting years earlier . 
  the former government ` sold ' them to fraport for 1.2 billion last november . 
  however negotiations about the conditions remained . 
  when syriza came into power , they pushed for a restart of the negotiations , questioning the sale . 
  [ according to a fraport insider ( german source ) ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/unternehmen/handel-konsumgueter/griechenland-deal-fraport-zittert-um-einstieg-bei-hellas-flughaefen/11843936.html ) it is likely that syriza and fraport will agree on selling just 7 airports instead of 14 . 
  i can confirm that you can simply buy them at your local bank . 
  however , since you swap 10 $ for a ` silver ' 10 $ , they were forced to drastically lower the silver component of the coins due to the rising silver prices . 
  i got some stupid looks when i tried to pay with such a coin at mcdonalds . 
  i guess i was lost somewhere in my thought process . 
  it was not my intention to use the vagueness of my words to hint something that is not true . 
  i apologize . 
  i did not say that . 
  the sanctions obviously went through , but greece and austria , amongst others , showed skepticism towards further sanctions . 
  this title is completely misleading ... 
  it is really nice to see that people still have other ideas than ` shoot their boats ' or ` send them all back ' . 
  however , how are you going to deal with people that hide where they are from ? 
  with people that originate from countries refusing to ` take them back ' ? 
  unfortunately , such a project would be deemed to fail just because the refugees would be distributed amongst the member states , which is heavily opposed by most states at the moment . 
  quite an interesting read , however there are some claims that i want to dispute  the internet is freer than it is in britain unless the situation was drastically different a year ago , i have my doubts on that . 
   the country is now largely debtless yup , after defaulting  nato is hostile to russia debateable . 
   in 1990 both the eu and nato promised russia they would not expand eastwards this claim is disputed plus it was the ( understandable ) wish of eastern countries to join nato , given their experience with the soviet union . 
  it is not like the west forced the countries to enter nato , in fact , the west is pretty reluctant accepting ukraine and other states . 
   far from being entirely reliant on the export of oil , russia makes a range of manufactured goods almost 60 % of the russian exports are oil and gas , i think we found the definition of ` reliant ' . 
   there is around 10 % interest on current accounts . 
  this is just in correlation with the inflation rate , neither positive nor negative . 
   when i attended a meeting of businessmen discussing responses to the sanctions in moscow , [ ... there was ] not one from the ` west ' grand surprise , why should western diplomats be part of a discussion adressed at reacting to their own sanctions ? 
   western armaments manufacturers have an interest in stoking a new cold war yeap its all a big conspiracy by the western armament companies . 
  (-.-)  nato desperately needs a raison d\u2019\u00eatre nato tried to become something less oriented at the east/west conflict , however the recent agressions by russia have proven that it is not bad to have such an alliance in place . 
   and in the ukraine , western support for a coup against an elected president has had the country on the brink of civil war , and has increased the size of the territory of russia that is an ... interesting way to put it . 
  we practically * forced * crimea upon russia . 
   wants war nowhere welp . 
  while i agree with the author that the reality is not as black/white as our media makes it seem sometimes , i disagree that they are completely off all the time . 
  also , the term ` russophobia ' seems a bit harsh to me . 
  the article was written mid 2014 , the events since then have not been that positive for supporting the picture the author tries to paint of russia . 
  there are still holocaust survivers living in israel . 
  and even if there were n't any left , killing one third of the jewish world population justifies feeling responsible for them , even if it was done by a previous generation . 
  however , a responsibility for israel does not equalize agreeing with israels political decisions or supporting them in doing so . 
  in fact i find myself disagreeing with israels politics quite a lot . 
  you should at least put the second form in italic . 
  so what ? 
  after the war germany put the task to protect the jews upon itself , no matter if they are descendants of european or german jews . 
  we somewhat have a responsibility to do so , we almost wiped all jews off the european continent . 
  i still dont get the point of posting this . 
  plus israels political system is probably closer to europe than to all their neighboring countries . 
  pardon * sorry *, 
  obviously they are . 
  especially considering that there is backing in the population for them . 
  there have been demonstrations with 10,000 people advocating that these people are allowed to stay . 
  i ( ~ ~ un ~ ~ ) fortunately dont have this issue , so i dont really know anything about related products . 
  the people in the * apotheke * will be able to help you though . 
  ( if they dont speak english , ask other people there , they might be able to help you ), 
  you will sure find someone speaking english there , if not show them this : `` ich brauche medizin zur behandlung von fu\u00dfpilz '' meaning `` i need medical treatment for my athletes foot '', 
  protection of your rights is universal . 
  even someone that is guilty of war crimes , searched by interpol and came illegally into our country is protected by the law . 
  this has been excessively discussed a few days ago . 
  wasnt that also her reasoning for not creating a fraction with the pvv until this point ? 
  is that even a serious question ? 
  protection from unlawful action is not dependend on your legal status . 
  we dont for most of them . 
  we are not allowed to send those originating from actual war zones like libya back , most of the others are probably hiding their coutnry of origin , unless we can be sure where they are from , we cant send anyone back . 
  i think i misread a bit , not * all * of them have finished this in italy , but * most * have . 
  some of them ` just ' transitioned through your country . 
  they dont . 
  most of them already finished the asylum process in italy , some of them just transited through italy . 
  so essentially they are illegals .
