   its unfortunate belgium backed down . 
  i am not certain . 
  from a purely legal perspective - yes . 
  from a realistic perspective - i do think it was the right decision . 
  the yukos shareholders are russians that registered their business in cyprus . 
  so essentially we would be sacrificing business prospects for the belgian people ( and thus the belgian people ) to get some russian tax-evaders their money . 
  because that is why they have been in cyprus in the first place . 
  i would of course prefer it if the law could be held up , but not at all costs . 
  i am fully willing to discriminate here . 
  if we were talking about european people on the recieving side here - okay . 
  but not for russians that do n't benefit our societies at all . 
  call it hypocritical , but i do n't think that we should sacrifice trade relations for these reasons . 
  differences below 4 % are completely within the statistic inaccuracies . 
  we can be relatively certain that it is roughly 50/50 currently , essentially it will completely depend on the 25 % of voters that is undecided so far . 
   except when belgium seized assets it was at the direction of a court order ( even as the result of arbitration ) . 
  yes , but they stopped doing that due to russia threatening consequences . 
   it is nice to see belgium upholding the rule of law here . 
  well , they at least attempted to do so and eventually placed intact relations above enforcement of the law . 
   national courts can typically invalidate an arbitration award if it is egregious . 
  yes , but nobody hinders a government ( especially if there is a non-functioning legal system like in russia ) to seek retaliation . 
  if the sides fail to honour their legal obligations set in the arbitration , we are back to gunboat policy . 
   i 'm wondering how many western companies still have assets in russia . 
  quite a few i assume . 
   if russia illegally seizes assets i 'm sure there wo n't be many keeping assets in russia for long . 
  as retaliation for belgium freezing their assets last year , russia threatened to seize assets that are partly government-owned . 
  i wonder if the private industry would stay there if they ` just ' seized state-related property . 
  they also have little interest in doing so other than preventing further confiscations . 
  it is one of the main problems of isds - it relies on the state honouring the decision of the tribunal . 
   i think people here would consider it an unacceptable breach of privacy . 
  same here . 
  it would not only be seen as unacceptable , it would most likely qualify as a [ breach of our constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informational_self-determination ) . 
   yeah , you 'll have to admit it 's botched and shabby design based on baseless expectations - pushing things top down through the path of greatest resistance and all that - insanity . 
  how so ? 
  i was talking about japan or the uk where the public resistance was much lower . 
   what a nice freak out . 
  he 's right though , it is '' very interesting '' and worth of exploring , it 's clearly the fastest way for money to reach real economy . 
  let 's quickly make it anathema and taboo in germany . 
  the wording could have been chosen more careful . 
  i expect our central bank to evaluate all options , however it does not necessarily need to be vocal about that . 
  draghi should know that his words bear a lot of public influence . 
   it was kickstarted the other day , so to say , not sure if there 's ground for expectations of miraculous and/or instant results . 
  as seen abroad , it takes years of flooding to get hints of inflation/growth and that 's in the case when you have relatively functional sprinklers , something that 's questionable in ez . 
  we however have seen that large-scale qe programmes do not necessarily have long-term effects . 
  japan , the us and uk , the most prominent users of this tool , have inflation rates that are around zero . 
   it was orthodoxy of dudes like schaeuble , weidmann or hans-werner sinn that postponed qe for six years thus significantly affecting its current size and unorthodox nature . 
  i am uncertain . 
  it is not clear whether the qe actually had a significant effect other than driving down the exchange rate of the euro - something that is not within the mandate of the ecb . 
   also , while german politicians reject the notion , this is new paramount when it comes to constant political pressure on allegedly independent institution . 
  not really . 
  we can criticize , we can demand , we can do whatever . 
  does not change the fact that the ecb makes its decisions independently . 
  the funny thing is that this is absolutely ridiculous . 
  the only thing you could blame the ecb for is driving down the exchange rate through qe - pretty much every other country is having similiarly low interest rates . 
  switzerland is even going into the negative area . 
  [ he is still famous to this day ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/honig_im_kopf ) . 
  although his popularity might be higher in the older population ( 40 + ) . 
  well , this is correct in a way . 
  it is inaccurate if he means 50 % of the voters , but 50 % of the success is very much possible . 
  for a simple reason : when the afd was founded , it was mainly a eurosceptic party that focussed on the problems we are having with the euro and joint policies in general . 
  at that point in time , the refugee crisis was not yet a dominating topic . 
  what people cared about at that time was the financial crisis and lending money to greece , combined with a weak euro . 
  the party first rose into some kind of popularity ( and got into the parliaments ) pursuing a policy that was mainly focused on economic aspects . 
  it resulted more or less in the establishment of the party that would later use that position to be the most prominent party opposed to letting in refugees . 
  there 's some truth to it . 
  it is not a major driving force , but it might have caused some people to vote afd . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  belgium tried something similar and they quickly stepped back as russia threatened countermeasures . 
   if trump is elected and congress decides to allow it , the wall will be built and mexico absolutely will pay for it . 
  the amount of money the mexican government has made in the last 20 years from illegal immigration easily covers the costs . 
  neither will mexico for a wall nor has the mexican government made money off the illegal migration to the us . 
  the us is not going to wage trade war against one of your most important trading partners . 
  while the deficit might be huge , mexico is the second most important export destination of the us . 
  the damage done to the us businesses would significanlty exceed the costs for building that stupid wall . 
  congress likely wo n't allow for a blackmail of this kind . 
  and the `` made money off illegal migration '' is nonsense . 
  even if they did - they do not have that money piled up somewhere . 
  well , just mentioned it to show that it has some high-level backing in the eu . 
  it would more or less satisfy everyone 's needs . 
  even juncker advocated for it . 
   words mean things . 
  oh come on , do n't be mean . 
   learn the difference between current and capital expenditure . 
  this does not change anything here ? 
   in fact , did n't someone explain it to you the other day in a similar thread ? 
  i did not talk about this topic for weeks . 
  so you are likely wrong . 
   as for the rest of your comment , i have no idea how you got from my reference to the wealth of nations to `` the government should own every hair salon ever '' . 
  maybe try not treating people as walking stereotypes . 
  never meant to do that . 
  it simply seemed to me that you were a bit overly defensive of governments owning things . 
  which appears to be wrong and i already apologized for misunderstanding you . 
   not true . 
  a lot of governments have to finance current spending through government debt as well . 
  the current spending naturally includes investments . 
  i think greece is one of the very few countries that would actually run a deficit if they invested nothing anymore , due to a variety of reasons . 
  of course not . 
  how in the world did you get that from my comment ? 
  because you seemed to indicate that walking away from government-owned businesses brings the states and their citizens into some kind of slavery towards the capital . 
  i apologize if i misunderstood you . 
  ports have a different importance today than they had 1700 years ago .
