  but the action we are talking about here is a lot less significant than the right to be forgotten . 
  it is simply that the government can not possibly tolerate the complete circumvention of their laws if these things are said online . 
   but i 'm always skeptical of things where there is an incentive to over apply a law as to not face legal repercussions . 
  with a court order a company can say , `` hey , we were just doing what a court told us to do '' . 
  when they are forced to decide borderline issues , they may not want to take the risk . 
  i can totally get behind your point and i think it is due to be careful with something as valuable as the freedom of speech . 
  we will have to judge how well it is executed in the end . 
  i personally think that the issue is overblown currently . 
  we do not have a court order so far and i dont think we will see one in the near future . 
  it is entirely impossible to remove every statement including hate speech within 24 hours , however it is not tolerable for our authorities that facebooks takes no action at all . 
  true , privatization is no panacea . 
  there are certain problems that can arise with it . 
  * however * , with the railway we are talking about railway operators of international reputation that got the job done in their home countries . 
  one has to be careful with whom to choose while being very specific on the conditions for the operating license . 
   civil cases are a whole different matter . 
  we all love a good lawsuit . 
  the civil cases are a lot more severe than in our system . 
  you could argue that these cases are infringing free speech ( as there is punishment/compensation due for certain statements ) . 
  of course you can . 
  however making a connection from german law to the mods of / r/de is questionable to say the least . 
  we are not talking about ` law enforcement ' here . 
  facebook & co are not enforcing this law , they are merely ensuring that their services are in compliance with the existing laws . 
  of course , there is no judicial oversight and depending on the personnel the outcome * might * be questionable . 
  however , it is severely overestimated what impact this will have . 
  the guidelines for applying our laws can be reduced to the following principle : * saying refugees are bad , saying that they are incompatible with our society - fine * appreciating/calling for the death of people , implying that these people are racial inferior - not okay it 's pretty clear cut actually . 
  to judge whether the enforcement is on point or if it ends up censoring legally permitted statements , we will have to wait and see how it turns out in the end . 
  spain yes , italy no . 
  the czech republic produces about twice the amount that italy produces while having only a tiny fraction of the population . 
  claiming to be a nazi wont get you prosecuted . 
  it is different if you approve of the crimes the nazi party committed ofrif you publically call for violence against someone . 
  i was n't saying anything about the quality of the newspaper . 
  i would not say that augstein is in the center of the mainstream . 
  he still is somewhat left from the middle . 
  ( hence his column is named ` im zweifel links ' ), 
  arguably , / r/de is a lot more leftwing than / r/europe is , however what you say is true . 
  this is up to the mods . 
  we do not live in a democracy here , freedom of speech is nothing that any mod has to take into consideration . 
  it is their sub , they can ban and allow people however they like . 
  no country has full ` freedom of speech ' . 
  not even the us . 
  this freedom ends where the rights of another person start . 
  talking about e.g. 
  defamation , which is a crime in 17 u.s. states . 
  many european states have laws against hate speech . 
  well , he owns the left-liberal newspaper * der freitag * . 
  ` influential leftist newspaper publisher and author ' would be a fitting term i guess . 
   i guess there was ( german ) hate speech on fb before 2015 , nobody cared about it . 
  well , certainly . 
  but the amount has increased tremendously . 
  the even that shifted this into the focus of the public was likely people appreciating the death of the people that died in the truck in austria . 
  augstein is not the `` owner '' of the * spiegel * , he owns 24 % of the shares . 
  the owner of the * spiegel * ( 50 % + ) are its employees . 
  i am relatively certain that the european governments with strong car industries will seek to shoot this down . 
  countries like germany , france and the czech republic produce ( and sell ) a lot of diesels , the countries are likely not going to be too tough on their own industry . 
  nope . 
  there are a few subs banned in germany . 
  but we are talking about / r/watchpeopledie here , not about political discussions . 
   what happened to free speech ? 
  nothing . 
  the laws in question have been in place for decades now . 
  its easy to make statements like this when you have * zero * clue what this means in reality . 
  you cant blame fraport , the troika or our government for that however . 
  this was syrizas choice . 
  if the other offers are worse than fraports , it is pretty much clear that fraport is the best offer available . 
  and given that , as outlined elsewhere in this thread fraport will pay 2.5 billions to the greek government over these 40 years while the annual revenue of these airports it 80 millions ( aka 3.2 billions over 40 years , but this is without the investments that would need to be made from these profits ) it sounds pretty fair . 
   we disagree on a fundamental level . 
  so you think it is good for a state to keep operating a deficitary company that offers shitty service ? 
   this is not at all how the airport deal played out ( only fraport made an offer which we pretty much had to take per the referendum ) . 
  you are mistaken . 
  the argentinian holding * corporation america * made a joint bid with greek company * metka * , another offer came from the french company * vinci * together with greek company * ellaktor * . 
  according to [ greekreporter ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/09/07/14-regional-greek-airports-to-be-privatized/ ) , even more companies made bids . 
  talk about ` gravely misinformed ' . 
   railway salaries have dropped dramatically since the crisis began ( and were not that high even before the crisis compared to the rest of the public sector ) . 
  i am aware of the first part of your statement . 
  plus we were integrated into a bigger ` community ' , the ecsc , that was designed to reduce our potential to do bad . 
   my point was that things change . 
  governments change and get better or worse . 
  they have changed multiple times now . 
  not much has changed as a result . 
  syriza even wanted to halt privatisation without offering a concept on how to improve the state of the company . 
   that does not mean that our future attempts will be unsuccessful as well . 
  true , but hoping for a better future becomes a bad business model at some point . 
  if you continuously lose money , you simply can not wait forever . 
  especially not if the railway needs investment and you do not have sufficient funds for it . 
  a company without investments will eventually become even worse . 
   what makes you think that our government is incompetent to run the railroads but competent enough to sell them ? 
  who says that we are not getting screwed over ? 
  capitalism . 
  the same way as with the fraport deal - multiple companies make offers for it and the greek government selects the one offering the best conditions . 
  if companies see a possibility for profit , they will not let a competitor buy it under value . 
  the biggest problem is corruption ( bad deals with siemens , undocumented stock moving around goods for companies on the black market etc. ) . 
  i do n't know about that , but i am believing you here . 
  does n't change that many of the railway employees are overpayed however . 
  many different issues lead to the whole thing becoming unprofitable . 
  icefrauuud . 
   so what ? 
  decades of german politicians have produced two world wars but we still allow germans to govern themselves . 
  well , technically the victors of ww2 have limited our souvereignity for quite a while after ww2 to prevent further bad things . 
  privatisation is not a one-way ticket . 
  especially in the rail sector , concessions are usually made for limited amounts of time .
