  and while there is the connection with the crimean annexation and the fighting in eastern ukraine , russias reason for threatening to cut off ukraine in the recent years was n't that different - they did not pay/were unwilling to accept russias prices . 
  ukraine getting cut off was a problem that was forseeable when ss started , just for different reasons . 
  i doubt this would be easy to realize given greece 's situation . 
   i utterly fail to understand how lending someone money and thus effectively making one 's debt deeper would help to pay that debt . 
  if the terms are better , it does make sense . 
  swapping out debt with high interest for low interest debt with long payment periods can help to ease the burden . 
  it 's relatively easy : europe ( and especially germany ) relies on russian gas . 
  we are determined to punish russia for it 's actions in ukraine ( and the sanctions * do * hurt ) , but we wo n't compromise on our energy security . 
   i ca n't agree that eastern europe did not oppose it in a different way however . 
  these countries did not oppose ss from the beginning and they opposed it for different reasons . 
  if we are honest , no ee country gave a fuck about ukraine when it came to ss . 
  which is why i consider it hypocritical to talk about ukraine considering ns2 . 
  then blame yourself and not the eu or germany . 
  source ? 
  because germany was in favor of it as well . 
  it was simply a violation of eu law . 
  you should not have agreed on the rules then . 
  you got ` screwed over ' by rules you yourself agreed on . 
  do n't know . 
  is there one ? 
  iirc there has been no country that has increased its share of russian gas imports more ( in relative terms ) than the uk during the recent ( crisis ) years . 
  ss was abandoned in 2014 . 
  this did n't stop your foreign minister from using it as an argument :  szijjarto said that the nord stream ii would have a negative impact on eastern european countries , hungary and ukraine included . 
  and this is * highly * hypocritical . 
  especially when talking about ukraine - there is no difference for ukraine in whether it is bypassed in the north or in the south . 
   now , the eu has shut down south strea - which would have been beneficial to us - because gazprom would have held a stake in the pipes iirc the prolem is n't gazprom holding ' a stake ' but gazprom holding a majority . 
  it was n't shut down by the eu - it was cancelled after bulgaria abandoned the project ( due to eu and us influence ) . 
   basically , the eu has screwed us over twice , first by prevent us from developing our business , and secondly by still allowing germany develop similar pipelines that take business away from here . 
  the thing is : the rules that were violated have been agreed on by all countries . 
  including yours . 
  if ns2 violates the rules aswell , we should change things up , but so far it does n't seem that way . 
  and as a sidenote : germany was * supportive * of ss . 
  does not change a thing . 
  ns2 is not built yet either , nevertheless we see opposition from your countries . 
  why did n't your countries oppose south stream then ( prior to it being abandoned ) ? 
  then explain the following : south stream did face no opposition of eastern europe and the baltics despite having exactly the same effect . 
  why ? 
  actually many european nations want it . 
  it is not only germany that has stakes in this , there are french and dutch companies involved as well . 
  likely out of solidarity with poland and ukraine . 
  this is highly hypocritical however - hungary did not have any objections to south stream which would have bypassed ukraine and poland as well , it just happened to benefit hungary in that scenario . 
  most people do not even know about that and it is usually not brought up in the discussions , so i think it is a little far-fetched . 
  people are just ignorant honestly . 
  yes , we have record low interest rates . 
  but if we take a look at similar countries , all of them are driving similar policies . 
  you know that punctuation marks exist for a reason , do you ? 
  as i have written elsewhere , this is no stuff that is suited to convince anyone for the referendum as it does not produce any immediate results . 
  you are correct , the proposal is not very convincing for now . 
  it however might be the correct way for the future if the uk opts to stay . 
  it would allow to keep both the federalists and the ` less enthusiastic states ' together , raising the satisfaction for everyone . 
  i was talking long-term , not short term . 
  can you please just reply instead of questioning my knowledge on the topic ? 
  the suggestion for a serious two-speed union is very recent . 
  ad hominem wo n't get you anywhere if you fail to contest what i wrote . 
   if a two speed eu was a possibility , it would of been offered to cameron in his negotiations . 
  no , simply because a transition of this kind takes time . 
  policy changes are relatively easy , changing the whole construct is a lot more complicated . 
  introducing the euro took ten years of preparation for example . 
  you can not offer something that you only have a vague concept of . 
  it also does not promise quick results to please voters . 
  `` hey guys , vote in , in five years time we will have a two-speed union '' - this does not convince anybody . 
   it was made very clear this was n't an option . 
  source ? 
   it was n't long ago when the german car industry was still laughing out loud about elon musk and his tesla motors electric car company . 
  i listened to a speech by audi 's boss two years ago and they were taking tesla seriously . 
   after more than 325,000 buyers from around the world lined up to put down $ 1,000 reservations to order tesla 's model 3 in the first week -- even though the company 's electric car for the masses , priced from $ 35,000 , wo n't go into production for another 18 months . 
  to put things into relation : vw ( including all brands ) produces 325,000 cars within 12 days . 
  -- -- -- and apart from that : tesla has never been profitable so far . 
  we will have yet to see whether the model 3 will be able to change that . 
   this is not on offer and wo n't be in the foreseeable future . 
  i am under a different impression . 
  it is very clear that countries like the uk and denmark wo n't agree with further integration ( in the forseeable future ) and juncker is pushing for it . 
  it is also somewhat advocated for by the countries actually wanting to integrate further . 
   we have always found ourselves rather lonely in trying any sort of deeper reforms . 
  you have disregarded the common practice in the eu . 
  there was a statistic very recently that showed that the uk representatives in the eu make relative little use of the opportunities to seek allies compared to other countries . 
  if you want change , find allies for it . 
  there are enough countries currently dissatisfied with the eu . 
  you might be one of the most important nations on earth , but inside the eu you are just one nation amongst others . 
  simply putting up demands wo n't get you anywhere . 
   voting bremain now means voting for the current eu . 
  true , but the current eu is wip . 
  the eu is not some non-changeable entity . 
   a completely different eu starts from leaving this one . 
  i disagree . 
   it was sold that way by uk politicians do n't leave out the british media . 
  you could expect the media to look in the treaties and say `` hey public , these continentals are writing something about a commitment for an ever closer union . 
  do you really want that ? '', 
  the principle of subsidiary was added decades after you joined . 
   the british public by and large abhors the eu federal superstate plan . 
  what about the two speed union however ? 
  it is relatively clear by now that not every country currently in the eu will have to go for deeper integration . 
   but nobody will believe you if you do n't prove your own arguments and opinions . 
  this is actually one of the rare occasions where i did not bother to source this . 
  the problem is that it is essentially the same arguments every time and it eventually gets boring . 
  i should probably do a longer write-up with sources where i can link to . 
   that 's because samiumabisare does substantiate his opinion by arguments and examples , while marktplatz simply answers in a yes/no fashion , without substantiating or explaining his opinions . 
  his arguments and examples are inaccurate and unfitting however . 
  that 's why i did not bother to source . 
  but , just for you , i answered in a post with the sources for my arguments .
