  it is essentially the same here . 
  it is a point of not joining vs. leaving . 
  leaving things will always be more severe than not joining . 
  simply because not joining means staying on the status quo , leaving means change . 
   there 's no reason why greece should n't enter the euro . 
  their national debt is perfectly manageable ! '', 
  you are simplifying things . 
   `` greece will be fine !, 
  they just need a little help in the form of eu&imf loans , and they 'll be back on their feet in no time ! '', 
  and this is related how exactly ? 
  the only people arguing this way is the brexit side : `` the uk will be fine . 
  we just need a little more trade with the rest of the world , and we will overcome the negative short-term effects of a brexit in no time '' . 
   urposefully trying to mislead the public about the economic consequences of a brexit by proclaiming a merely speculative figure as an undeniable fact . 
  but are n't both sides more or less guilty of doing this ? 
  disclaimer : i am very firmly on the remain-side , but i 'll have a try contesting your arguments . 
  the responses are not necessarily my own opinions . 
   our allies say leaving is a bad idea your allies have an interest in you remaining . 
  we will of course tell you it 's bad . 
  the only scenario where i would see your allies pushing in favor of a leave would be if they had to gain something from it . 
  if you look at the brexit advocates in france : their argument is mainly that we will better be off without the uk as it has constantly been blocking further transition into a federation . 
   most mps say it is a bad idea well , i can get behind this argument , but mps can be wrong . 
  even collectively . 
  if mps would always be right , people would not be pushing for direct democracy . 
   most business groups whether large or small say it is a bad idea ` businesses only care about stability and not about democracy and the common folk ' . 
   imf unfortunately , the imf has lost a lot of credibility in the greek crisis . 
  even if their predictions are correct , they still have the stigma of making some predictions that have been terribly wrong . 
   people obviously are n't interested in listening to the people that should understand this issue . 
  well , in a democracy you can not force people to listen to anyone . 
  they will make up their own mind independently . 
   it seems they 're taking an emotive decision rather than a logical one . 
  taking matters back into your own hands can be very logical honestly . 
  there is a good amount of truth in the assumption that the local government levels can deal with local issues better than a supranational organization . 
  your local bureaucrats understand issues better than bureaucrats in brussels . 
  it is also a very fair decision to say that you do n't want other european voters to meddle with your domestic affairs . 
   almost all of the economic research i 've seen has suggested that the immediate impact will be bad in the short and medium term . 
  in the long term , it could be good or bad , that really depends on the kind of deals we can make and what happens in the eurozone after we leave . 
  well , naturally . 
  businesses do not like drastic changes . 
  this however must not mean that we should not make bold decisions sometimes . 
  if we had always pursued the safest and easiest path in the past , we would not where we are today . 
  you will only achieve mediocrity if you are not willing to take risks . 
   but of course they ca n't accept the fact that economically it 's a bad idea because then they 'll lose the referendum . 
  neither side can make a good argument about the economic future . 
  there are studies backing up either side . 
  so why would they admit that it will be bad when it could very much be positive ? 
  -- -- -- i personally think that you can make a very compelling argument that the eu is restraining the uks economic growth by pushing laws that increase the protection of the common worker . 
  by increasing the standards for running a business . 
  on the other side however , abolishing these protection mechanisms might be good for economic growth but they might be pretty bad for the workers . 
  you ca n't buy something with increased employment if you personally are off worse than before . 
  roughly :  a literal interpretation of the '' reinheitsgebot '' falls short because yeast is always necessary to ferment , in the past and today . 
  according to today 's understanding and interpretation of the meaning and purpose of the reinheitsgebot , the customer expects a pure , organic beverage that is free of additives and chemicals . 
  thus , having wheat as an indigredient is not going up against the reinheitsgebot, 
  it 's '' \u00c4h '' [ \u025b ( \u02d0 ) ] [ here 's a soundfile of a spanish guy learning german practicing it ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=file%3averz%c3%b6gerungslaut_jm_spanier_beim_deutschunterricht.ogg ), 
  exactly . 
  the benefits erdogan really recieves are non-monetary ones . 
  the money directly flows towards the refugees in turkey . 
  it is even more pointless as they only compare the applications and not the actual numbers . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  the article explicitly states that they began taking heroin in greece . 
  not exactly . 
  if a pardon happens after someone is sentenced , it is somewhat different . 
  pardons while the case is not yet decided are somewhat shady . 
  the separation of power is still one of the main principles of our modern states . 
  somewhat . 
  it is n't . 
  you can violate a principle even though it 's legal . 
  most of our ministers are mps at the same time , so they are both part of the legislative and the executive . 
  even though completely legal ( and in reality not problematic ) it violates the general principle of the separation of power . 
  people are throwing around with the wrong sections . 
  103 is the right section , but the government approval requirement is written in 104a . 
  this is exactly what i said . 
  legally , it is totally fine , but de facto , it is the executive interfering with the judiciary . 
  i am glad that it will be abolished . 
  no , it is not . 
  free speech can not be violated by such a decision . 
  the freedom of speech could only be violated by a court ruling against b\u00f6hmermann . 
  even though legally correct , it is still a violation of the separation of powers . 
  there was a good reason why this government involvement was implemented in the first place , but as we all see , times have changed . 
  not even a majority of the legitimate refugees will get citizenship . 
  a currency that can be used everywhere in germany . 
  not that specific . 
  we issued 10 $ silver coins . 
  originally 925 silver , we then switched to 625 and finally abandoned silver alltogether . 
  the germans agree - we have thus integrated a decent kebab shop into one of our embassies in the us . 
  not even a joke . 
  it is also that we are equipping our navy for different purposes . 
  our newest class of ships ( f125 ) would lose every 1on1 fight against your vessels . 
  they are designed for peacekeeping and fighting pirates , not for symmetrical conflicts . 
  the problem is that these are equipped for russian gear . 
  refitting them would be ridiculously expensive . 
  it makes more sense to sell them to countries using russian equipment . 
  was n't one of them sold to egypt recently ? 
  if always feels like petty much every second training ship of this kind currently serving in the navies has been built in germany . 
  portugal , russia , the us , brazil are all using german-built ships . 
  apparently we are also one of the few countries in europe that has a sufficient supply and support structure for our navy which allows for more than just short-term deployment of the vessels . 
  no , since this would qualify as satire and thus art . 
  this depends on the judgement of the court . 
  if the poem had been read to the public on an anti-turkey demonstration , this could be the case . 
  since this is a satirical tv show with very obvious contest , it might very well be seen differently . 
  actually we are pretty average between modern nations when it comes to free speech .
