  the current regime of sanctions and countersanctions has hit us pretty severely ( over 20 billion in annual trade lost for germany ) , there is no point in completely breaking with russia ` just ' because they annexed a part of a country that we hope will eventually become a partner . 
  it might seem harsh , but crimea has no value at all for the eu . 
  ukraine is not less worthy of becoming a partner because of the lost territory . 
  it 's just realpolitik , really . 
  we are willing to hurt ourselves for ukraine , but we are not going to cut our arm off . 
   this terminology does n't belong in a serious conversation . 
  why comparisons to nazi germany ? 
  why not ? 
  even officials of many countries and the eu have drawn similarities with nazi germany . 
  the public justification for annexing ukraine is actually pretty similar to what is called ` heim ins reich ' ( the ` anschluss ' of austria ) . 
  there is no easy translation for that , but it essentially means ` returning home into the empire/reich ' , indicating that it is territory that rightfully belongs to the reich . 
  the same rhetoric is used with crimea . 
  they say that it is rightfully russian land and that the turn of events was therefore justified . 
  this is highly idealistic , but not realistic . 
  you likely wo n't see increased sanctions on russia unless they do something really stupid . 
  the statement was entirely without judgement . 
  it was a mere recognition of facts . 
  i did not say it was the right measure or that it was justified , i simply stated that the migration has caused the share of pro-ukraine inhabitants of crimea to decline . 
  i do not understand how you can read support of ethnic cleansing into that statement . 
   however , i 'm bringing it up in that you were saying that you believed that there would be no further annexations . 
  there is simply no other country west of russia that putin could annex . 
  ukraine would secure its borders , the baltics are in nato and eu , finland eu and turkey nato . 
  the only country left is belarus and belarus is none of our concern . 
   there would have been better ways for both the eu and russia to have gone about ukraine . 
  it also doesnt make sense . 
  it 's not like we are talking about eu membership here . 
  or allowing a country to be member of nato and warsaw pact at the same time ( even though outdated comparison ) . 
  it was simply a ruling elite believing in the absolute supremacy of their offer , hoping to pull ukraine entirely out of the zone of russian influence . 
  they could have seen this coming ( well , probably not an annexation to be fair ) . 
   that 's certainly a potential risk , and it would need to be weighed against benefits . 
  i would say it is a drastic option and should be a measure of last resort , not a first response . 
  unfortunately both parties are violating misk ii . 
   south ossetia was in 2008 . 
  south ossetia was ugly and unlawful . 
  however it is ten times less relevant than crimea and even further away from europe . 
  there has to be a point where we stop caring unfortunately or we would constantly be sanctioning a large number of countries . 
   further , the eu ( via barroso ) pressured ukraine to make a choice between the eu and russia , which triggered euromaidan , which triggered the attack by russia ; it 's also a bad precedent , in my eyes , for the eu to accept entering into association with a country to result in that country being attacked . 
  which has been a mistake in my opinion . 
  it is idiotic to force a country as separated as ukraine to make a decision between eu and russia . 
   obviously , this is the eu 's backyard , and merkel has been opposed to use of force , and the eu speaks with a pretty loud voice on things in europe it 's not just merkel . 
  the european leaders are afraid of being pulled into a proxy war . 
  if libya proved one thing , it is that the european nations are capable of using military force even if germany dislikes it . 
   but the us administration 's position has been that an annexation in europe raises the bar to one where facilitating force is acceptable where other options fail , and i think that i 'd agree with that . 
  of course what i and the european leaders are saying is just speculation . 
  it is not set in stone that military force wo n't work . 
  if the us wishes to engage in the conflict , so be it , but do n't expect us or other european nations to join you . 
  especially the uk has grown really tired of going to war . 
  this is not ` wagering war against russia ' . 
  i would also not call it a ` precedent ' . 
  we are not talking about a nato country here and assuming that eastern ukraine will be secured by troops one day , there is little chance of things like this ever happening again . 
  at least west of russia . 
   there is two important milestones that i can think of . 
  the milestone i have in mind is the complete liberation of eastern ukraine from rebels . 
  this should be our goal , not punishing russia . 
  punishment will seriously help nobody . 
  i simply do not think that a return of crimea is achievable . 
  there is no precedent of something like this ever happening . 
  the soviet union did not release the western territories because it wanted to but because it had little other chance . 
  if you want to look at the gdr - the people there actually * wanted * to be reunited . 
  since this is likely not the case with crimea , there is no point in attempting it . 
  what the us did to cuba - i do not think we can transfer anything from this to russia . 
  if we manage to secure eastern ukraine , there is only one country left ( west of russia ) that russia could fool around with - and that is belarus . 
  russia is on a totally different level than cuba or the other islands . 
  they are not that easily deterred . 
  i do not think that a military involvement is an option . 
  the rebels have a supply that is pretty much unlimited and you can also not carpet bomb them due to civilians in the area . 
  unless we are talking about extremely large-scaled military operation which is very unlikely . 
  there is likely no support in europe for doing so . 
  and i can assure you that people would not send their armies to crimea . 
  nobody has interest in fighting the regular russian army , even if they are defending territory that is not rightfully theirs . 
   either case involves pain . 
  less painful than world war iii , but pain . 
  still much more painful than forfeiting crimea . 
  it 's easy to call for constant sanctions from the side of the us , but you have to consider that the russian economy is much more important to us than it is to you . 
  thanks , 
  well , the territorial integrity of the country is worth protection , no matter what the government or the citizens of crimea think . 
  especially when the separation is concluded under very suspicious circumstances . 
  it is entirely correct to fight for eastern ukraine ( in various ways ) , but it is entirely pointless to attempt reclaiming crimea . 
  that is not certain . 
  quite the contrary , we have legitimate resons to believe that a majority of crimeans is consent with being part of russia . 
  all that we know is that it is against the will of the central government in kiev . 
  call me an asshole , but we have to see the bigger picture here . 
  even if it was against the will of the citizens of crimea , it would n't make efforts to unite crimea with ukraine worthwhile , simply because it is extremely unlikely that something like this can happen . 
   yes but we rolled over when they took crimea , it was a bit fast for us . 
   we did nothing when they attack ukraine apart from introducing sanctions . 
   we did nothing when they took down the malaysian plane well , to be fair with russia this was probably a fuckup by the rebels . 
   we did nothing when they attacked georgia in 2008 and since then have been constantly bullying them with stuff like just casually moving their forces further into georgia a km by km political reality . 
  we are not the world 's policeman and we simply can not care about everybody . 
  for ukraine , okay , they are in our backyard . 
  but it doesnt make sense for us to accept economic disadvantages because of a country that is several countries away from us . 
  that 's not exactly fair or just , but it 's reality . 
  because lets be honest - we do not really care about people starving and wars in africa either . 
   but how can we let russia commit such acts of war and do nothing . 
  well , we did something . 
  the sanctions are hurting russia . 
  and i do think that it was correct and due to impose sanctions . 
  however it does not make sense to connect them entirely to crimea . 
  progress in eastern ukraine should be rewarded . 
  if you do not take sanctions back in case of progress , one gets used to them . 
   the sanctions are good because they are mostly if not all targeting russian oligarchs and government figures .
