  i would rather argue that it is caused by parent mistaking the downvote button for a disagree button . 
  this does n't speak against you as much as it speaks against him . 
  speaking from experience , he tends to disagree with opinions that could be described as `` mainstream '' , so i would not spend too much thought on his criticism . 
  generally , that 's fine , everyone is entitled to having a different opinion on various matters , but downvoting based on this is n't exactly well-mannered , nor should it be used to display criticism for a mod application . 
  for what it 's worth , i think you would make a good mod . 
   euro unfortunately is not right for our country , simply put . 
  this does not mean that you should get out . 
  i do not agree with varoufakis on a lot of issues , but he got one thing right : `` joining the euro was a mistake , leaving it now would be even worse '' . 
  in my opinion , it would be somewhat suicidal to leave right now . 
  but hey , every country is free to decide whatever way they want . 
  the rest of this thread should give you a good indication that i am actually willing to have a sound discussion on this issue . 
  unfortunately , parent has not logged in to reddit since that post and thus was n't able to give any backing for any of his claims . 
  claiming stuff without sourcing is n't exactly better than just saying that `` this is inaccurate '' . 
  thanks for the response !, 
  we already do have property taxes in germany . 
  it does . 
  claiming that a school trip to a mosque puts your childs physical or mental health at risk is just ridiculous . 
  source ? 
  well , yes and no . 
  the mosque trip was considered a school excursion in this case . 
  that 's why they got fined . 
  can any greek here tell me how much the property tax for an average house is ? 
  this is data from 2015 2 . 
  we do not even come close to that number . 
  syrians , afghans and iraqis are not even 50 % of the 890,000 people that arrived here in 2015 . 
   well we are lucky to have the power of statistics then . 
  if the sentence deviates too far from the average for comparable crimes by locals , discrimination is automatically assumed . 
  this can be problematic since every case is different and the judge will very likely have a good explanation for his or her sentencing . 
   isds exist to guarantee basic corporate rights , so how is asking those who want isds to also agree on the convention of human rights not a reasonable demand ? 
  giving special trading rights only to those who agree with our most basic values seems to be a good idea , which would massively speed up the improvements in regard to human rights and environmental treaties like the paris agreement . 
  and this is how realistic ? 
  you might get progressive countries like canada , germany or the netherlands to agree with this , but the majority of countries in this world wo n't . 
  especially not the us or the countries where human rights abuses are common . 
  if we are realistic , no western country would risk a trade agreement because of this . 
  that might be unfortunate , but it really is this way . 
  additionally , i do not really see how isds could be transferred here - the awards of isds do not include the tool of punitive damages . 
  they are representative for the losses suffered due to acts of expropriation or discrimination . 
  this could not be applied for criminal justice sentences . 
  at most , you would get some compensation for injustified prison time . 
  but here lies the problem : you can not possibly create a court that reverts decisions by regular courts . 
  you could not overturn a prison sentence or a death penalty with this . 
  unless you signed up for something , you are not bound to follow it . 
  this applies to fair treatment in trade agreements and human rights in human right conventions . 
   i do n't really know what to say to that . 
  i am interested in fact-based discussions and like to listen to what others have to say , even if i disagree with them . 
  oftentimes i can learn new details about stuff i did n't know before ( e.g. 
  that the german constitution has an exception for foreign companies ) and to not fall victim to the filter bubble . 
  i even subscribed to / r/tradeissues to get convinced that ceta and ttip may have more upsides than downsides . 
  i 'm strongly convinced that demonizing your political opponents and refusing to listen to arguements because of the source instead of the quality only leads to brainless populism in the short term and highly dangerous political developments in the medium and long term . 
  and i really appreciate that standpoint . 
   unless i majorly misinterpreted your statement , i 'll stop participating in this discussion any longer . 
  you did . 
  i simply said that the process of isds is too expensive to be used in this area of sentencing . 
  the only point where i referred to the value of something was when i was talking about the possible gain for domestic actors due to a sentence . 
  let me elaborate * why * isds-like mechanisms are too expensive to apply here : international arbitration is a very complicated area of expertise and it therefore is very expensive . 
  even on a domestic scale , arbitration is more expensive than a regular court process until the case reaches a certain value . 
  who is going to pay for this ? 
  isds is generally payed upfront by the disputing parties , compensation for the winner happens later . 
  i sincerely doubt that an average person could afford such a tribunal . 
  it also wo n't be payed by the tax payer ( why should it ? ), 
  or an insurance . 
  of course , these cases are less complicated than isds cases , but they would probably still go in the tens of thousands . 
  and as i said earlier , cost is the least of the problems connected with this . 
  getting countries to agree with such a legal regime is the biggest hurdle . 
   but i wo n't go down the rabbit hole of discussing the monetary value of human life while there is no minimum amount to sue in isds panels . 
  i would like to point you at a few things : mainly , we are talking about the value of the freedom of such a person , not about their lives . 
  the number of western citizens sentenced to death in other countries is very small and in their cases , they almost always committed a crime that has the death penalty as a fixed sentence . 
  even if arbitration was in effect there , it would not change a thing . 
  additionally , governments are very active when it comes to prisoners in foreign lands . 
  they will use diplomatic influence to get prisoners out of other countries if they deem the emprisonment unjustified . 
  prior to isds , we used to do the same thing considering foreign investments . 
  if one of your domestic companies was treated unfairly abroad , you would try to fix this by diplomatic means , or , even worse , gunboat policy . 
  unfortunately , this had the potential to severely harm the relationship between countries and could even lead to acts of war . 
   but it 's very easy for the judge ( which is an elected position e.g. 
  in the us ) or local/national politicians to directly gain public support from especially harsh judgements on foreigners . 
  the current political situation in germany and austria regarding crimes committed by refugees is a prime example of a setting where judges and politicians in countries with worse legal systems are rather likely to act especially heavy-handed . 
  the thing is that this wo n't be proven that easily . 
  there most likely wo n't be any indicator that a judge imposed a harsher sentence * because * its a foreigner . 
  the whole process of arbitration is too expensive and complicated to be used on these issues , by the way . 
   direct monetary support is n't the only source of motiviation . 
  another example would be the guarantee of basic human rights to all visitors . 
  while the eu is happy to work on trade agreements with shitholes like bahrain , kuwait , oman , qatar , saudi-arabia and the uae ( via gcc ) , european citizens will still have to wear face veils if they happen to have tits as well as tons of what squarely qualifies as cruel and unusual punishments for petty crimes . 
  how is that related ? 
   if we 'd make any fta depend on the rules of the european convention of human rights and violations beeing processed at the echr with violating states having to pay billions for small infractions , i 'm rather sure that the stone-aged religious bullshit would stop rather quickly . 
  they could sent the politicians who voted for the offending laws to the hague for a decade if they do n't want to pay up . 
  you are blowing things out of proportion . 
   so just cause you are familiar with isds and know some examples while i do n't happen to be a canadian human rights lawyer you are right ? 
  i am simply stating that , at least at this point , the evidence supports my case and you do n't have any for yours . 
  i am not saying that it might not be true . 
  however , it is objectively factual that you do not have anything to support your claim . 
   firstly i 'd like to add that the conflicting parties are generally not even free to comment on current cases ( at least the german government and vattenfall , which is owned by sweden like to interpret the clauses that way ) . 
  also if my nation state settles for something , it 's completely unacceptable that the exact amount could be kept from the tax payer , even tough he has to foot the bill . 
  and i agree with you on that . 
  that 's why isds under ceta follows the uncitral transparency rules , making isds a much more transparent procedure . 
  look at vattenfall v. germany ii ( nuclear phase-out ) for example - all hearings etc. 
  are streamed on the web . 
  i am not saying that isds is perfect , but we have made huge steps into the right direction in the last years . 
   or the eu could approve legislation that makes a clear cut definition of it , which has to be approved by all member states . 
  then we could do away with isds alltogether and the whole `` parallel justice '' problem would n't come up in negociations between modern democracies . 
  as i said , it is almost impossible to find a definition that covers every area where abuse can happen .
