  one big practical change to scots law that took place recently was in relation to counterparts this new development is a very welcome one from south of the border !, 
  many people studying and practicing law do not want to touch international relations because it involves multiple jurisdictions . 
  if you study in the uk , you dont really have an option it seems . 
   the fact that england and scotland have been in union for 300 years and somehow even basic contract law has stayed separate throughout that time with many fundamental differences is a really interesting historical thing . 
  it truely is . 
   basic contract/tort law in london is the same as basic contract/tort law in new zealand for example . 
  judges feel obliged to consider the judgments of other common law jurisdictions even if they are not legally binding . 
  i have learned about this at the university ( the mandatory english lessons were combined with some basic knowledge about the common law systems ) and this is absolutely astonishing . 
  you can take it as praise for very solid legal work i guess . 
  both in the foundations and in the individual creation of case law . 
  if a so far undecided topic is touched here in germany , we will sometimes look at what other states do , but we will generally not adopt the judgements ( we will mostly not even use it as an argument ) . 
  of course . 
  we will have to find an approach that fits our needs and capabilities . 
  in several european countries , justice is dispensed in the name of the monarch , laws are enacted in their name . 
  this would no longer be feasible in case of a federation . 
  additionally , the respective king is usually the representant of a state , an office that would no longer be needed . 
  they , in some countries , also task politicians with building a government . 
  i do not know whether this could remain that way in a federalized eu . 
  a federal eu would create a significant problem : a federalized eu would have a joint budget . 
  pretty much all monarchies in europe are reliant on public funding ( and often more expensive than their elected counterparts ) . 
  given that the office would be more or less obsolete , we would be financing seven european ` mascots ' . 
  without function , without meaning to the largest share of europeans ( the meaning of the belgish king for myself would not change if we became one country with belgium ) , it would be hard to sell this to the european electorate . 
  concerning the elected presidents , this is not an issue - you just abolish that office . 
  you can not really do that with the royal families . 
  they spent their whole life ` being ' royal family , representing . 
  exactly what / u/trucidator wrote . 
  i admit that i can not really provide you with a sound outsider perspective , my knowledge of the scottish legal system is not sufficient for such an analysis . 
  i however am aware that it is a mixed legal system that sets it a bit apart from the rest of the uk/ireland . 
  oh , i was not talking about the current migration as a long-term solution . 
  in my opinion , we will have to rely on qualified migration from culturally similar areas . 
  i simply mentioned to put it into contrast , to highlight why i think that the term `` country of immigrants '' is unfitting . 
   in the uk `` our democracy '' is also `` our specific kind of democracy '' . 
  alright then . 
  i was referring to the abstract principle of democracy as in `` government by the people '' . 
   changing the uk 's constitutional system ( and thereby democracy ) to a different system ( i.e. 
  french or german system ) would in my view be harmful to the uk 's democracy because the uk 's democracy represents its specific history and experience and culture , just as its constitution does . 
  that 's why i wrote that we would need a new system . 
  not a german system , not a british system but a system that matches everybody ( if something like this is even possible . 
  i do not know . 
  i know that it would be extremely difficult though . 
  i mean - many countries have troubles agreein on modifications for their own constitutions . 
  and while it surely would be a disruption , it does not necessarily have to be bad in the long term . 
  very few systems have existed for as long as the uk one ( not saying that this is a bad thing - quite the opposite ) . 
  in most other countries , these systems were remodeled multiple times . 
  it ended up being well , i would say . 
   on this point i am not sure that from the perspective of the uk there would be too much difficulty . 
  the uk monarchy is extremely flexible as a system , which is one of the reasons why it has survived . 
  the monarch is separate from the royal prerogative and is separate from the crown . 
  i guess we could create a new convention . 
  what i meant by that is that it would be extremely confusing and difficult for all the member states to have entirely different regional systems . 
  naturally , a federation would not mean that the current systems are completely dissolved , but there would need to be some streamlining . 
  given , we are all democracies , but the roles some monarchs play in some states would interfere with these processes in my opinion . 
  no clue , honestly . 
  the newspaper articles are n't very specific on that issue . 
  it however is possible to take a kid that committed such a crime away from its parents if the authorities think it 's due and a court approves that . 
  yes , but a different kind of ethics . 
  you can very easily argue that someone who violated laws should not be granted rights anymore ( even though i disagree with that ) . 
  with the abortion debate , you are actively interfering with a persons rights without any wrongdoings from that person ( possibly ) . 
  well , i am aware of your stance on the eu issue . 
  i can get behind most of the things of what you said . 
  they are legitimate reasons for scepticism in the prospects for the project `` federalized eu '' . 
  true , the uk and ireland are probably the most different when it comes to the legal systems ( scotland being a bit of a special case ) and they would need to adjust the most . 
  i however strongly disagree with your assessment that a federalized eu would be `` a risk for your democracy '' . 
  it would be a `` risk for your specific kind of democracy '' . 
  in fact , it most likely would be a death sentence for your current way of doing things . 
  parliamentary supremacy can not be held up if there is a higher authority that is a lot more than the current institutions ( which already , in a way , are hindering that principle ) . 
  that system would not be undemocratic however , just different . 
  if you are talking about the current eu being somewhat a threat for your democracy - well , i can somewhat understand that , but i still disagree . 
  but even though the german system is a lot closer to the other systems - we should not fool ourselves , the eu legal system is dominated by the french system , which still is quite a difference from our system . 
  especially when we look past the purely legal institutions and turn towards the general organization of that state . 
  and i am relatively certain that many of the federalized eu advocates have not put a lot of thought into this . 
  the only way i think this could work would be a whole new system that satisfies everybody 's needs . 
  it would create a large backlash if it was proposed to adopt an existing system . 
  -- -- -- sidenote : has anyone ever put thoughts into what would happen to the monarchs of the eu in case of a federation ? 
  this would create quite a lot of problems in that area . 
  voting rights are on a whole different level . 
  while i think that the uk ( and the us ) are wrong on this , it is nothing that matters to what i said . 
  i can do nothing but agree full-heartedly . 
  the best part is that it does not place anybody else at a lower level . 
  we can be happy for us and for other systems at the same time , mainly * because * the systems are so different . 
  * because * they all work decently ( despite some natural flaws that any possible system has ) . 
  and i think it is something that we legitimately can and should take pride in . 
  every country will eventually have to find the system that fits the country and the system the best , not the system that works best in completely different circumstances . 
  and here is my problem with this : as you know , i am a genuinely pro-eu person and , under certain circumstances , i would like to have a federation at some point . 
  however , our systems are vastly different . 
  in pretty much all areas . 
  all of our countries have different histories , have leaned different lessons , followed different principles and maxims , have entirely different political systems and last but not least a multitude of legal systems . 
  it will be extremely complicated to find a common ground here and it will probably be even harder to take the same kind of pride in a system created this way . 
  because it would essentially be a big compromise that will naturally be a disappointment for a large fraction of the countries participating . 
  i once did a longer write-up on this article , but i unfortunately can not find it right now . 
  i think they did a good job in the part concerning our past and not that good of a job concerning the current situation . 
  i disagree with the notion that merkel was `` betting on our post-national identity '' pursung her course in the refugee crisis and i especially think that it is off to include art . 
  16 gg in this . 
  yes , the right of asylum goes to the very core of our history . 
  a lot of people in this country ( including myself ) have a family history of asylum and unvoluntary resettlement , have fled violence , war and prosecution . 
  but on the other side , this very article has been ruled not to belong to the deepest core of our values and it has been limited quite significantly during the refugee crisis in the 90s . 
  and , while we might have quite a good share of foreign individuals in our country , we are not `` a country of immigrants '' . 
  if we want to continue prospering , we will have to become a country of immigration , but we currently are n't one ( despite the refugee influx ) . 
  i think that description simply does not fit when you have the us in mind . 
  we are a country `` with '' immigrants , but not a country `` of '' immigrants .
