   but merkel refuses to make open announcment germany does n't anymore take refeguees except directly from turkey this would be a lie . 
   this could very well stop arrivals in greece . 
  people still choose to believe what traffickers tell them , no matter how unrealistic it is . 
  have n't you read about people believing they would get houses here , jobs , and money ? 
   i guess the turkey deal has influenced voter opinions . 
  it might have , but merkels approval ratings ( and that includes approval with her policy ) have been going up even before turkey proposed what they just proposed . 
   it at least is a promise that some kind of solution might be ahead . 
  i would argue that two other things played a role here . 
  first of all : the border closure might be bad for greece , but it has been effective in reducing the influx into germany . 
  and secondly : the authorities no longer seem overwhelmed . 
  in fact , we have way too much temporary housing for refugees now . 
  the government has budgeted money for thousands new people to deal with asylum requests and ten thousand people in civilian service to help with integrating and housing the refugees . 
  signals like this are appreciated in the populations . 
   we are giving too much to turkey for this . 
  we do not even know what the deal will contain , if it is finished . 
  what is your main issue that you have a problem with ? 
   and let me guess : it was done because merkel wanted to manipulate voter opinions just before the elections it might have played some kind of role , but merkel knows that she has to lower the number of people coming here . 
  election or not . 
  unrealistic . 
  if she can find an own solution that stops the refugee streams , she wo n't need to do anything of this kind . 
  even if it includes direct transfer of refugees to germany - the approval for accepting genuine refugees is still immense . 
  you would find a sizeable majority both amongst germans and the parties that would support 200,000 or 300,000 people being resettled here annually . 
  and this includes merkel 's critics in her own party , the liberal democrats ( which have been opposing merkels policy on refugees ) and probably even parts of the afd voters . 
  the people are not worried about genuine refugees , they are worried about people coming here without even being seriously endangered . 
  they are afaraid of economical migration . 
  and no , the federal cdu ( which is pretty much pure merkel ) has higher approval ratings than the state divisions of it ( which all have been somewhat critical of merkel ) have scored yesterday . 
  merkel still is extremely popular . 
   but merkel personally has . 
  she can rescue her face and probably restore her already a bit shaken authority . 
  not really . 
  merkel has not been known for being stubborn in the past , she is willing to change her opinion . 
  and so far , everytime she did it , it has benefited her greatly . 
  should she just say `` fine , lets close the borders '' , she would silence most of the critics within her party and she would probably even gain approval in the population . 
   eu does n't need turkey to solve this and at least it should n't let turkey that easily to dictate the conditions . 
  if we do n't want greece to get fucked , we do need turkey . 
   this horrible agreement is panicking from merkel 's side before the elections . 
  it is also the only european solution that is on the table so far . 
  every other european state has failed to even propose a solution that is n't `` lets close the borders and hope they stop coming '' . 
  nice argument dude . 
  anything to back this up ? 
   i have seen polls showing the majority of all german 's doesnt support . 
  true . 
  there have been polls of this kind in the past . 
  this does not mean that they support what the afd is proposing however . 
  you can be dissatisfied with a policy , unless you see a better one , you do not really have an option . 
  but i have something that is pretty good to support my claim : [ poll about how well merkel is doing in the refugee crisis by state ] ( http://politbarometer2.zdf.de/store/politbarometer/2016_03_10_extra/html/c854-1457530900366-8711a2c5.png ) . 
  it is the three states where we had elections yesterday . 
  title is : `` merkels acting in the refugee crisis is : '' , green means `` good '' , red means `` bad '' . 
  the [ approval ratings for the work of the government ] ( http://politbarometer2.zdf.de/store/politbarometer/inc_langzeit/html/c854-zufriedenheit-5701561b.png ) are still above the approval ratings for most of merkel 's second term ( in coaltition with the liberal democrats ) . 
  the data is from this week . 
  there however is something that a vast majority of germans agrees with : we need to reduce the influx of refugees . 
  this however is not opposed to merkels policy as this is her goal as well . 
   http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/insa.htm insa is the only institute that continuously has different results than the rest of the institutes . 
  of course it is impressive , yet it does not mean that a majority would support their policies . 
   i do n't know the republicans , i have some weak memories , but nothing more . 
  the situation in the 90s was really different and now anti-immigration parties are a big part of european landscape , so , it is not so strange to see them in germany . 
  well , tell me how it was different . 
   what merkel and a lot of german people had said and done is quite indicative of this kind of ideas . 
  nonsense . 
   it should be possible to have a de-sedification like the de-nazistification of the end of wwii ? 
  do you need to give power to people involved in a dictatorship ? 
  this is a really low punch at merkel . 
  if anything , the people who grew up in the gdr have a better understanding of what freedom truely means . 
   if it is a logical result she is not apt to defend a border . 
  having people with psychological thraumas from past situations in power positions it is a very bad idea . 
  this is not really a ` psychological trauma ' , it is a lesson people have learned . 
  there is nothing wrong with being opposed to building walls . 
   instead millions and millions are saying `` lol , i 'm a refugee '' and just rushing europe 's borders and usurping its system of checks and validations . 
  we 're working on fixing this right now . 
   also committing crimes crime rate for most of the refugee population is not noticeable . 
  in fact , we did not see sharp increases in crime rates . 
  crime grew , but pretty much in the level you would the numbers expect to increase with one million more people . 
   right , and if you ca n't control the number of people coming and verify who they are - - you will have uncontrolled entry of unknown persons . 
  that 's why nobody is supporting that . 
  people are and have always been meant to be registered at the point where they first set a foot on european soil . 
  we do n't have any of those however . 
   it seems sarcastic , but for a lot of europeans it is exactly what it appears . 
  they are misled then . 
   i 'm not so young , so it seems surreal to me that some former gdr like gysi and merkel , member of nomenklatura of the state with the stronger border control in the world now want to abolish borders . 
  first of all , merkel was not leadiing personnel in the gdr . 
  this is a common myth but it simply is n't true . 
  yes , she worked for the sed , but no , it is nothing that would be relevant today . 
  i think it is a logical result to be against building walls if you grew up behind one . 
  and this stance is not exclusive to her . 
   because we live in a democracy and not a fucking dictatorship ( or so we are told ) , and with this many people voting the afd , she ca n't simply say `` i wo n't change anything about my stance , i will do the same thing that i 've done since september '' . 
  actually she can do exactly that in a democracy . 
  she * can * adapt to the opinions of other people if she wants their votes , but she has no obligation ot do so . 
   this is not how democracy works !, 
  this is exactly how a democracy works . 
  there are some issues that can be subject to compromise , others cant . 
  we can either leave the border open or we can close it for refugees , there is no third way . 
   she is a dictator at this point she really is n't as the people are free to elect someone else . 
   who does n't care about laws tell me which laws are violated . 
   does n't care about the voice of the people she does n't care about the voice of 10-20 % of the voters . 
  so what . 
   does n't care about her european partners actually her current policy is dominated by trying to care for greece . 
  we as germany do not have to gain anything from this policy . 
   so your are saying that in germany exist two parties : afd and all others parties ? 
  like in sweden ? 
  i do n't say that .
