  well , gdp per capita in ppp is better than nominal gdp , but it still does n't get the full picture . 
  about as worthless as using gdp per capita to estimate the quality of life . 
  how so ? 
  we have by far the largest population in europe . 
  should the next election go ` wrong ' , we could rise to eu levels ( which would be ridiculous . 
  it 's a flaw in our voting system ) . 
  this graphic was created prior to croatia joining , i am sorry . 
  this graphic was created prior to croatia joining , i am sorry . 
  we are also no germanic tribes anymore . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  there are various areas in european policymaking that could be legitimate points of criticism . 
  however i would prefer a bit more substantial arguments than the ones he brought . 
  speaking from a supposed ` moral ' highground really wo n't help you here . 
  and quite frankly , i do not think that you need to bring comparisons for this . 
  if a program is unsustainable , the raw numbers of that will speak against this program , there is no need to compare it to the us . 
  plus , the data he provided is subpar when it comes to the data that woud actually be meaningful concerning these topics . 
  the ` analysis ' the author brings to the table is essentially : social welfare = bad . 
  europe = social welfare . 
  europe = doomed europoors . 
   and causing huge problems for its grid when the wind is n't blowing we 're actually having more problems when there is too much wind and sun . 
   germany 's electricity bills have soared to the point where last year 350,000 customers were cut off because they could n't afford to pay . 
  which is 30k more than in 2012 . 
  it is not pleasant , but it indicates that the * energiewende * was not the most significant problem here . 
  the problem is that we have had significantly increasing prices for electricity since 2002 . 
  meaning that the shift is not the problem . 
   thanks to those rocketing energy costs , many of germany 's top manufacturing firms , such as siemens and basf , are moving their production facilities abroad , with the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs . 
  i do n't know where the telegraph gets this from . 
  the number of jobs is increasing and not decreasing . 
  there are no ` hundreds of thousands of jobs ' being moved abroad . 
  siemens recently announced to cut 2000 jobs here and move 1000 of them abroad - while announcing at the same time that they will add 3,000 domestic jobs in another area . 
  and additionally , there are no indicators that energy cost is the deciding factor . 
  in fact , the energy prices for the industry in germany are still significantly below the eu average ( 6.27 ct/kwh germany , 9.37 ct/kwh eu average ) . 
   [ those jobs are going not least to the us , which has energy costs less than half of germany 's ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/earth/energy/fracking/11712040/fracking-house-prices-defra-report.html ) the article that is linked does not even mention energy costs or germany . 
  it is just about the effect fracking will have on house prices ? 
  funfact - the us has consumer electricity prices higher than in most of europe . 
  it would make more sense for us to move business to france . 
   in one respect , you 're totally right . 
  most people just want a home to sleep in , enough food to eat , a decent job etc. . and everything else is just a bonus . 
  lots of other factors come into play when determining quality of life also , not everything can be reduced to the numbers you see on a paycheck . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
   that being said , some people seem shocked to see america listed as a great country to live in , and go to great lengths to downplay statistics in our favor . 
  there are lots of nice countries to live in . 
  and america is indeed a fantastic country to live in for the vast majority of people , regardless of what you see on reddit . 
  for some reason , that 's become a very contentious statement to make . 
  but it really should n't be oh , of course the us is great to live in ( well , most parts are . 
  i would n't want to live in detroit ) . 
  however this article is just another usa usa murica # 1 fuck government fuck social welfare piece . 
  i have lived in both the us and europe and i am a bit upset that he makes it sound like we are living in some kind of poverty here . 
  when it comes to living standards , most of europe and the us are en par . 
  you have different perks depending on where you live , but it is not justified to write an article how bad it is in europe ( and trying to justify this with some random numbers that fit the picture ) . 
  they are n't . 
  latvia for example is colored in yellow , and they have a significantly higher gdp per capita ( both in terms of ppp and nominal ) than mexico . 
   given the usa is so much wealthier than , for example finland , with a gdp per capita more than 25 % greater -- why do those two countries have pretty the exact same standard of living ? 
  well , lets take medicine for example : the us constantly ranks the highest by medical expenses per capita in the world . 
  so if you just judged by the spending , the us is about 100 % better off than most of europe . 
  in reality however , the quality of this service is pretty much en par with the european services that cost half of that . 
  determining quality of life exclusively based on economic factors is ridiculous and wo n't get you anywhere . 
  yes , the us is probably the single wealthiest ( large ) nation in the world . 
  but no , this does not mean that their quality of life is better than in europe or in canada . 
  it 's not without reason that the us is not in the top ten [ of the world happiness report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_happiness_report ) . 
  i 'd say most of us can be happy to live in the wealthy states we live in . 
  there is no point in having a contest who is off ` best ' . 
  let the people find the way that they like the most , the way that fits them the best . 
  the author of the article is a hardcore anti-government person and he just tries to make a point that our policies are sooo bad for us . 
  well , he can fuck off . 
  if we are willing to trade in a bit of economic prosperity for general improvements of everyones life - let us make this choice if we want it . 
  it is not like we are on the verge of poverty or something like this . 
  today in the news : italy adopted the `` song of the germans '' as national anthem . 
  technically , we have an upper house and a lower house as well . 
  it is just that nobody uses these terms over here ( unless when talking about the uk ) . 
  talking about `` weaker '' - as you might know , we did not have aristrocracy everywhere in germany - hamburg for example was governed by a city council . 
  but boy did they make up for that , the [ hamburg city hall ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e7/hh_rathaus_pano1.jpg/1280px-hh_rathaus_pano1.jpg ) . 
  [ this is the senate room for example ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ad/hamburger_senat.jpg/1280px-hamburger_senat.jpg ), 
  they did n't . 
  hugo boss did manufacture nazi uniforms , but the design actually came from the nazi party . 
   i think one of the two issues with direct democracy is that most people just do n't care about the minutia of daily governance . 
  like , what 's your policy on business rate tax in manchester ? 
  do you think we should redraw the council tax bands in bristol ? 
  should britain build a new road between sheffield and leeds ? 
  if yes , how ? 
  if you have representative democracy ( as exists in most western european countries ) then you just vote people in and they fill in the blanks according to a guiding vision of society and government . 
  the people should always have the power to make decisions on the things that matter , but it 's also worth acknowledging that not everyone can have knowledge and opinions on every area of governance . 
  let me say that i believe in elements of direct democracy on the state level and lower levels . 
  the vice chairman of our liberal party ( kubicki ) said : `` i do n't believe in direct democracy on the federal level because you could very easily find a majority for introducing the death penalty for child molesters . '' . 
  and i totally agree with him . 
  i also simply do not trust the public with making decisions that are as important as the refugee crisis , the euro crisis , pension reforms etc. 
  if we had held popular votes on these issues , greece would be bankrupt , we would have fucked over all of our southern neighbors by closing the borders ( just the flow towards germany would have been enough to bring austria and greece to the verge of collapse ) and we would probably never touch unpopular topics . 
  it might be possible for switzerland to have a direct democracy and it is working well . 
  but the issue is : if they fuck up , they only fuck themselves . 
  germany on the other side is the central power in europe . 
  what we do on the national level can have a severe impact on our neighbors and the eu as a whole . 
  and i am simply afraid that people would fuck up . 
  last but not least , a very interesting reason to oppose direct democracy that was introduced to me by one of my professors for constituional law : plebiscites actually reduce the potential for political change . 
  elements like this are frequently used by opposition parties to push through their projects that have a majority amongst the population . 
  as a result , they lose the main characteristics of their program that could persuade the voters to elect them . 
  you do not really win over voters by telling them `` hey , our project has been successful , we do not have any other promising policies in the bag , but vote for us nevertheless '' . 
  you are essentially creating an environment where the government stays the same until they fuck up in a major way . 
  people generally only vote for change if they are pissed with the current system , and this happens less in an environment where the major points of criticism are frequently taken away . 
  i think a bit differently about a referendum on the eu but i am opposed to it because i do n't want to open pandora 's box by establishing federal votes in the first place . 
   the thing is , i think germany ( and the uk ) are stable because of their systems .
