  the stance is essentially that all countries who violate the euro rules should leave it ( claiming that it is in their own best interest ) and that the euro should be split into several currencies . 
  germany exiting the euro and returning to the mark is only seen as a measure of last resort , if all the other countries fail to leave the euro . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the rise of the fp\u00d6 began long before the current refugee crisis . 
  they were the second largest party in austria before we even saw these enormeous refugee numbers . 
  i know what a chilling effect is . 
  but for rich countries like ours , it is simply not the case . 
  bringing a case against plain packaging to an isds court will effectively have the same chilling effect as bringing it to a regular court - the potential of such a case succeeding is very minor . 
  there have been studies on it - there is no evidence whatsoever of isds cases having a chilling effect on countries like ours ( one could make a point about weaker countries , but that 's a different topic ) . 
  and no , pmi had to pay the full court costs in this case . 
  there is a general trend in isds to shift towards a ` loser pays ' rule - and at eight million dollars average a case this is not nothing . 
   so corporations are incentivised to just spam these cases until they get lucky isds cases are still so rare that there is nothing that would remotely remind of ` spamming ' . 
  we are talking about 600 cases within 60 years of bits . 
   the corporations from overruling their legislations . 
  less than 10 % of isds cases are adressed at legislation and the isds courts do not have the power to overrule legislation . 
   for example , they warn that tobacco giants could use the procedure to challenge restrictive regulations , citing a case in australia , where philip morris asia used a 1993 trade agreement with hong kong as the basis for a legal move to stop a change to packaging . 
  how do people keep citing a case that has already been rejected ? 
   a court order which was issued based on the interpretation of section 103 inaccurate . 
   she agreed to allow the prosecution to move forward , thereby setting off a chain reaction of events , which ultimately led to the court order being issued , and it being enforced by the police . 
  again , inaccurate . 
   this has nothing to do with the us sentencing guidelines , or the us for that matter . 
  you tell me that i should be ashamed of our criminal code because it 's old . 
  i think the reference is fitting . 
   i do n't think anybody believes that the german government would have gone as far as they currently have had this poem targetted president obama instead of little shit erdogan - even had he ( president obama ) made a formal request to the german gov requesting an investigation into the claims of `` insulting a foreign leader . '', 
  this is out of question because no western leader has ever requested this . 
   unlike you , though , i 'll be more than happy to admit that our legal system has massive gaps , as any legal system does . 
  and i have nowhere claimed that our system is perfect . 
  this is something you are making up . 
   many people in europe ( e.g. 
  you ) have a very hard time objectively debating or analyzing criticism by americans about your utopian ideals . 
  the free speech debate which regularly sparks here on reddit gives a different picture . 
  americans are not better than europeans in this regard . 
   you guys should be extremely embarassed about how quickly and easily your beloved rulers turned the law around and used it against its own people in order to pander to a foreign dictator . 
  i am more pissed at you for failing to see that this is completely irrelvant to that specific situation . 
   everything to do with malicious prosecution wrong . 
  there are no signs of this . 
  there is little legal criticism on this issue from the side of our legal scholars . 
  there are scholars who say merkel made the wrong decision , but the word `` malicious prosecution '' does not even come up . 
  you are seeing an issue where there is none . 
   it 's currently legal in certain us states to fire people based on their sexual preference ; just because the law exists does n't make it right . 
  and i have not brought this argument . 
  i have said `` there are laws '' not that `` it is right because there are laws '' - and you can burn me alive but i do not think that the regular defamation section is particularly outdated or unwarranted . 
  it is simply a different way of dealing with things . 
   forget about your ego next time you want to try to show off your objective debate skills - you might actually learn something the personal attacks are strong with this one . 
  the main issue i have is that you ( and others ) are debating on an issue you have little to no knowledge on and act like you know everything . 
  the mere fact that you continue bringing arguments of the kind of this comment is a good display that you still fail to understand not only legal realities but also the factual realities . 
  you seem to believe that the us definition of things is or should be universal , which is incorrect . 
  you obviously do not even have any legal schooling , you are just turning this into a rant about things you dislike without interest in having a serious debate ( as proven by the fact that half of your comment consists of personal attacks ) . 
  i am very certain that you have neither read the poem , nor understand the legal situation or even understand the reality of the case discussed in this thread . 
   protecting the eu borders from those muslim invaders requires policy not soldiers . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   or they could have been sent to hungary when people were convinced that hungary was doing shady stuff at their border . 
  hungary refused to take anyone back at some point . 
  which is pretty much the end of all efforts - we can not violate their souvereignty . 
  in this case , every european country bar france and the uk ( nukes ) are n't states by your definition . 
  we are beyond that point , european defence has always been designed in a way of cooperation . 
  nobody expects a single country to defend itself alone against the russians ( or anyone else for that matter ) . 
  the netherlands recently got rid our their mbts which means that they are vulnerable in this area . 
  however they did not lose a single bit of their statehood by doing so . 
  exactly . 
  even if they managed to invest 50 bn . 
  per year , which would be an * insane * amount , this would take them two decades . 
  i do not even know how they came to this number . 
  did they just select the biggest number they could think of ? 
   a legal system which allows the prosecution to move forward based on legislation which dates 150 years is nowhere near `` alive & well '' . 
  section 103 has been changed and confirmed 40 years ago . 
  us law is often even older . 
   furthermore , detaining someone for citing an `` offensive '' poem in front of the turkish embassy does quite literally qualify as intimidation . 
  again , this is not because of the poem itself but because of violating a court order . 
   you guys should be ashamed of it . 
  we are not . 
  and for good reason , you obviously do not have a clue that it is generally working pretty good . 
  i would take it over the american code with mandatory minimums every day . 
   do you think merkel 's need for turkish support ( refugee crisis ) and her quick heavy handedness in responding to this so-called `` offensive '' speech is a coincidence ? 
  again , merkel had nothing to do with this specific incident . 
   let 's see them arrest or detain people for making offensive statements in front of other embassies , such as the us embassy . 
  this is not even the point . 
   i 'm going to assume that well-funded mainstream outlets are steering clear of any anti-erdogan stuff which would be construed as `` illegal speech . '', 
  this claim is actually so ridiculous , i do not even know what to say . 
   the notion that the prosecution of bohmerman has and will cause a chilling effect on free speech in the present/future . 
  it is completely dependent on the outcome of the court case . 
  should the court agree with b\u00f6hmermann , the effect would actually be the opposite - free speech would be strengthened . 
  what you are writing is nothing but a lot of nonsense . 
   the speed with which this case was allowed to move forward is what should trouble people . 
  what case are you talking about here ? 
  the government took quite a lot of time to make its decision . 
  the pirate party guy ? 
  this was not a ` case moving forwards ' , this was essentially just a violation of a court order . 
   lastly , the ability for merkel to get the police involved in silencing dissident voices targeting the same individual ( tayip erdogan ) should be the third merkel actually had nothing to do with this special case . 
   just imagine the chilling effect this will send throughout your country . 
  people tend to underestimate just how significant freedom-of-speech laws are to a functional democracy until they have been stripped of it there is no such effect . 
  in fact , as a result of the b\u00f6hmermann case , there is * more * satire about erdogan than before . 
   the thing is , it 's really liberal with respect to public figures . 
  you should hear the stuff people say about obama . 
  if you said the same thing about your neighbor in a public place , you could get sued . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  our courts have determined that the more exposed to the public a person is , the higher the bar for defamation of that person . 
  and apart from that - our politicians seriously do not care . 
  merkel , by now , is used to be depicted in nazi uniforms and as the devil and whatever . 
  and i think it speaks volumes that cases like this are so rare that we essentially forgot we have the law that erdogan invoked .
