  if you told someone in europe ( well bar the italians maybe ) in the end of 2013 that we needed military engagement , you would n't have gotten approval anywhere . 
  even the us is afraid of deploying regular ground forces these days . 
  it usually has a high death toll and it is extremely unpopular amongst the population . 
  carrying out airstrikes against an enenmy without ( or with outdated ) air forces is one thing , actually using ground forces is on a whole different level . 
  pretty much like in the us then huh ? 
  at least in terms of commercials , we are well off in germany . 
  it must not be more than 20 % by law . 
  i think not . 
  and that 's a shame . 
  nope . 
  you ca n't . 
   the article shown could be fake but that does n't mean they were aware of that fact . 
  they could be expected to check on that . 
  it is what you would expect reliable media to do . 
  and rightfully so . 
  it 's the whole idea of this union . 
  what i dislike however is that the eastern states are being highly hypocritical in their stance . 
  they say it 's about energy diversification and not fucking over ukraine . 
  i cant take their stance seriously since they did not have these problems with south stream which would have carried the same gas and circumvented ukraine as well . 
  the only difference is that some eastern countries would have been on the benefitting side in this version . 
  nobody is forced to live objectivity . 
  maybe they did not exactly make up their mind , but they certainly aimed at some kind of drama . 
  and even more , your first sentence is the least part of this post . 
  you debunked the `` 14 year old '' myth , you called out the interviewed man on his ideological background . 
  most of what you wrote has been pretty objective . 
  aaand you are downvoted into oblivion . 
  which really is a shame because what you said is true . 
  some people do not take interest in the truth if it would hurt their circlejerk . 
  which amount to like 30 % of the 60 minutes . 
  if not more . 
  the issue is : it is extremely difficult to deport to somalia . 
  if you looked for a prime example for a failed state - somalia is one . 
  so in reality , what * should * be done is unfortunately not what is realistic . 
  however , it is often forgotten that them not being deported does not mean that they wo n't face charges . 
  according to unhcr , we are at 160k at this date . 
  [ click ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ), 
   do you have a source to back this up ? 
  [ this is one for example ] ( http://verfassungsblog.de/legal-requirements-for-the-eu-turkey-refugee-agreement-a-reply-to-j-hathaway/ ) . 
  [ this is another one ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.de/2016/03/the-final-euturkey-refugee-deal-legal.html ) ( even though more critical ) . 
  it has mostly been individual statements by lawyers of many languages and nationalities . 
  of course , there have been voices that it is not legal under the current laws , most recently probably the `` lawyers without borders '' . 
  i think it is a bit much to ask me to list all these sources , agreed ? 
  it is not that hard to find statements on the issue on the web . 
  plus the stakes are way to high for the politicians that negotiated the deal . 
  they wo n't make a deal that would be clearly illegal . 
  it is possible that not everything is a 100 % . 
  but i am very confident that the deal as a whole will be considered legal . 
  and quite frankly , it likely wo n't even matter . 
  it is unlikely that we will get a quick decision or statement from the ecj . 
  what matters is that the deal works right now . 
  in a year from now , the external factors will already be extremely different . 
  i concede that it possibly is n't quite as clear-cut as my initial statement indicated . 
  especially since we had more critical voices since i wrote this post . 
  well , it 's impossible to attempt to get rid of these memes . 
  we can just try fighting the most ridiculous ones with facts . 
  oh , i am very certain that they will come up with something . 
  i however doubt that it will very creative . 
  i am simply stating that the previous people predicting the euro to crash ( or the eu for that matter ) had very compelling arguments aswell . 
  however , we are still here . 
  i can only assume that he is talking long-term development . 
  for most of the recent years , the uk outgrew ireland . 
  sorry , but i can not take predictions of this kind serious any longer . 
  if we believed these so-called `` experts '' and the media , the euro has collapsed some hundred times by now . 
  the euro was projected to collapse in 2009,2010,2011,2012,2013,2014 and 2015 . 
  nothing happened . 
  this is not about the border guard , this is about the conditions in the so-called `` camps '' that were little more than fenced terrain without roofs . 
   actually austria did invite initially greece to the talks with balkan countries but decided not to for the later talks seeing how greece was just simply saying no to everything . 
  yes , but this was after austria had already taken action . 
   my guess is greece wanted to blackmail germanywith the refugees to write off most of its debt nonsense , this is unrealistic . 
  this allegation is ridiculous . 
  if you see misuse of statistics , call me out . 
  but as far as i am aware , there is n't any . 
  if you do n't want to argue based on facts : seriously have the decency to stay out of threads like this . 
  everything is backed with reliable sources . 
  if you find reliable sources that are counter to what i wrote or parts that are missing for the complete picture , write a comment or a new post . 
  unless you can do that , you are little more than an angry commenter met by facts that destroy his pretty narrative that merkel caused the crisis . 
  yes , we will . 
  i 'm looking forwards to the decision . 
  because they fear that it will be better for us than for them . 
  does n't get close to the [ canadian maple syrup cartel ] ( http://qz.com/570828/canadas-mighty-maple-syrup-cartel-wants-to-put-this-grandmother-in-jail/ ), 
   they thought about trying sweden , where hakar 's brother lives , but sweden , too , had stopped receiving refugees . 
  so they set out again , finally fetching up in late january where the continent 's land ends , on the french side of the english channel . 
  so instead of trying to get to germany which has been ` less welcoming ' then before , they try to get to the country that has driven one of the strictest policies in the whole eu ? 
  great idea !, 
  it just sounds a lot less frightening . 
  `` we will get sued by multinational corporations based in the us '' sounds a lot more dangerous than `` we might get sued by the feta cheese producers from greece '' . 
  the eu copyright laws are much closer to the us ones than the asian ones . 
  ttip is about a lot more . 
   so there are millions of $ to pay to turkey but there is no money to solve member problems ? 
  well , first of all we are talking about 3 billions per year . 
  this does not even come close to the sums present in the financial crisis . 
  the third package for greece would equal to that amount * per month * . 
  secondly , there is no option of not spending money here . 
  either we spend a lot of money in europe or a lot less money in turkey . 
  and last but not least , it is not like the turkish government gets this money so that it can build more presidential palaces for erdogan - it will flow directly into improving the conditions for the refugees currently present in turkey . 
  we have payed money to greece to assist in the situation as well . 
   also , now turkey can blackmail eu everytime it wants ... 
  it ca n't . 
  simply because turkey has a significant interest in keeping what they just gained in the negotiations . 
  we would likely stop allowing visa free travel immediately should they openly show that they do not give a fuck about the agreement .
