   look again at what is happening with greece and border controls . 
  i do n't think that this comparison is entirely fair . 
   e.g. 
  much of each states military what do you mean by this ? 
   suddenly germany is n't so do thrilled about europe integration anymore . 
  partly true . 
  it is always easier to strip others of rights than giving up those rights yourself . 
   the german gov ordered greece to make a troika and imf payment by the date ( i think it was july ? ), 
  or it would be treated as a default and they would be kicked out of the eurozone . 
  germany did not ` order ' anything , payments are due when they are due , whether germany wants that or not . 
  being treated as default is not a decision germany makes but it is a direct consequence of failing to honour your due payments . 
   as you know it all the banks where bankrupt and without cash liquidity . 
  so , the only way they could get some was , as you get it , by using the entire fractional reserve . 
  which meant the accounts could n't withdraw money anymore . 
  this is an entirely different issue . 
  imf payments are not made in cash . 
  well , germanys proposal was more in the direction of some kind of powerful commissioner with the power to revoke national budgets - a suggestion that was met with scepticism around the eu as it violates the national parliaments budget right and as it is somewhat undemocratic . 
  while this differs significantly from hollandes proposal , it shows that there is a general will towards mechanisms of that kind , * including * financial transfers . 
   there 's always a good excuse when you want to take someone 's money by force to give it to yourself . 
  always . 
  gottah justify it to yourself . 
  the problem was that the greek depositors took their money out of the banks and deposited it in other countries . 
  this is not our fault honestly . 
   and was posted on / r/europe i ca n't remember when after a german newspaper reposted it . 
  and it 's just one of many i saw . 
  newspapers are posting caricatures . 
  how dare they !, 
   and i 'm sorry , but 120 $ of pension does n't qualify as waste by my standards . 
  nobody is saying that 120 $ pensions are waste . 
   and if they do n't , well they end up like that dude : http://tribune.com.pk/story/914720/crying-greek-pensioner-the-story-behind-the-poignant-photo/ this is the worst line drawn i have ever seen . 
  capital controls were necessary to keep the system running . 
  without foreign payments , this would be the norm for the forseeable future in greece . 
  because [ this ] ( http://cdn3.spiegel.de/images/image-810956-panov9free-uhpw-810956.jpg ) is more sensible . 
  its a caricature for fucks sake . 
  funfact : your caricature is from a dutch artist in a dutch newspaper . 
   and there 's a laundry list of exception for `` the right people '' , including syndicalists , politicians , etc. 
  so de facto it starts at 61 . 
  nonsense . 
  there was a way to retire at 61 using a loophole with unemployed benefits and early retirement . 
  but this does not apply to politicians or anybody . 
  in fact , i do not see any poltiicans retiring at 61 . 
  pensions for being an mp are payed from age 67 , lowered for people sitting in parliament for 8 + years . 
   oh from suddenly `` the greek are the most wasteful spenders in pension money in europe ever ! '', 
  it becomes `` we spend a lot more okay but we are richer '' . 
  i have never said such a thing . 
  it is a fact that the pension system was the most wasteful until 2011 . 
  our system is in an acceptable gdp ratio to allow for this . 
  `` wasteful '' always draws its defition from the context . 
  i dont need to because people who have a significantly better understanding of it would have pointed the public at such budget parts . 
  what you are stating is nothing but a conspiracy theory without any subantial backing . 
  the money can not possibly come from the mentioned countries . 
   it 's a problem when people who had a retirement suddenly do n't have income anymore . 
  as far as i am concerned , nobody is taken off retirement payments . 
  the retirement age is gradually increasing until it reaches 67 in 2022 . 
  the mou still allows for retirement at 62m , given that you have contributed for 40 years at that point . 
  the problem lies with `` absence of social security for unemployable workers between the ages of 58 and 67 . 
  '' , to quote varoufakis . 
   and it 's a bit hypocrite when you know that the german can have it starting at 61 . 
  it is not as our economic fundament is significantly better . 
  asides from that , this is not the norm , our regular retirement age is 67 as well . 
  you can have it at 63 years if you have worked for 45 years at that point ( notably higher than what greece got ) . 
   right , spain suddenly goes from `` we ca n't pay the public power bills in part of the country [ 1 ] '' to `` we are making multi billions early repayments [ 2 ] '' but nothing happened . 
  there was no such thing in any national budgets . 
  as the money has to come from somewhere , it is unrealistic that there have been secret payments or debt relief . 
  where is the problem with increasing the retirement age to 67 ? 
  still no source for your allegation . 
   most of the debt was quietly dropped to avoid bankruptcy to greece . 
  source ? 
   immense ? 
  3 % and aa + ? 
  are you sure we are talking about the same country ? 
  3,8 % and 4 % for the past years . 
   some forgiven , and cash passed under the table , allowing them to pay immediately part of the rest instead nothing of what you claim happened . 
  i 'd like a source on that . 
   and zhirinovsky 's putin 's `` opposant '' . 
  he 's also a former kgb employee and has the kremlin on speed dial . 
  it 's called controlled opposition . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  we dont live in an authorian regime . 
   germany tried to force greece to simply drop half the pensionners around 2013/2014 . 
  source ? 
  you are still not able to come up with a source for your allegation concerning sch\u00e4uble . 
   yeah and that 's partly why greece still exist . 
  this point does not make any sense . 
   turns out we could . 
  how so ? 
  the french deficite is immense even without having to bail out your own banks . 
  dont forget that if we rid greece of their debt , we would have to do the same with spain & co.  pressure ! = blackmail for government resignation in favor of new democraty party . 
  nor it should autorize them to use immediate bankruptcy as blackmail using eurobond rules . 
  they are still in the government , nd is not . 
  and well , bankruptcy was used as a threat from the other side aswell . 
   yes it is , there were `` jokes '' about taking over greece islands as part of the payment : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/mar/04/greece-sell-islands-german-mps[1] this mp is not influential and he was extremely critical of merkel , even before the greek issue . 
  this is not more noteworthy than some random politicans bullshitting in some other countries . 
  it is not even close to being an ` advisor ' and nobody , seriously nobody in germany took him seriously when he proposed that . 
  if merkel wanted to start a test , it surely would not have come from one of her opponents in her party . 
   and the worst by far where the 2013 & later pensions cut , certainly not the 2011 . 
  does n't make my point less valid . 
   it 's exploiting your position . 
  that 's not very solidary . 
  well , the other attempts with less pressure did not work .
