  * the last two days, 
  would you mind to elaborate ? 
  how is our government ` deeply corrupt ' and what do you mean by ` right-wing governments ' ? 
  you can not really call governments like the french one ` right-wing ' , still it seems to be supporting the way of dealing with greece . 
  edit : you are comparing the current situation with the nazi regime ( which came into power in '33 btw . ) ? 
  this conversation is over . 
  well , naturally the most press-heavy person outside britan should be farage ( based on the number of reports about him , especially here on the subreddit and if you take cameron out of the equation but that it only natural since he is holding office ) . 
  i 'd probably go with clegg , however this is almost entirely based on him being ( or seeming ? ), 
  a bit more pro-eu and against limiting its citizens rights . 
  boy , i did not even realize the election was that close . 
   the only real democratic government within the eurozone wow . 
  you didnt just say that , did you ? 
  well , it can be said the other way around : greek govt : if you dont do as we want , there is no plan b. 
  ( i know i am exaggerating a bit here ) i do not see anything anti-european in having an emergency plan , especially while having no agreement with the greek govt . 
  in sight . 
  of course it is a weak argument . 
  but that is how people are - i am in favour of anything that is good but does not require me to change anything and does not affect me in any negative way . 
  i thought that was clear because he asked us about how it is in our country . 
  over 50 % are in favour of taking more refugees according to a recent poll . 
  however - it is one thing to be generally in favour of it and another thing to accept a home for asylum seekers in your backyard - acceptance for this is a lot lower i estimate . 
  it has to be expected that the other ez participants make plans for the case of a grexit , same goes for the ecb . 
  however , this is not anti-european like varoufakis suggested , there were plans for the case of a nuclear war and there are plans for natural catastrophes , this does not imply it is the option the creator of the plan prefers , however it is only rational to create one . 
  rolls are , depending on the bakery , between 20 and 40 cents ( or more for some more `` fancy '' ones , sometimes even cheaper ) . 
  the system of granting asylum to ( war ) refugees is not based on a search for economic benefit , and rightfully so . 
  the problem that need the most urgent solving is in my opinion improving the living standart of the refugee camps in both greece and italy . 
  by that i do not mean turning it into nice hotels with spa but at least securing some basic living standarts . 
  and this is the point where money really matters , especially considering greece which is struggling economically - i have a hard time believing that they are willing to spend any money on refugees while seeing their own country turn into a shithole ( completely understandable ) . 
  there is still a huge difference between the number of asylum requests and the number of people actually granted asylum . 
  for 2013 it was something around 30 % acceptance rate . 
  that would be 400 refugees on a million germans , 150 on a million brits or 250 on a million greeks . 
  i honestly do think this number is far from the point where it could remotely endanger social cohesion ( this has more to do with having a good concept on how to handle refugees ) . 
  this is based on 2013 numbers , for 2014 its twice the amount in germany , however 800 on a million is still below 0.1 % . 
  the people in that picture might be nazis , however i can clearly see that these are not the people running the country . 
  your statistic on crimea just proved what i said . 
  the majority might be russian , fair enough , but not `` all '' crimeans are russians , not even close . 
  the list is outtated . 
  most sources are from between 2000 and 2010 ( so pre-arabic spring and connected civil wars ) and for most countries it does not even give a source . 
  [ this statistic is a bit more recent ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/dec/02/sweden-oecds-highest-per-capita-asylum-seekers-syria ) . 
  i think it is a bit wrong to judge just by the relation of natives and refugees , of course countries that are doing better econonomically are capable of taking more refugees , greece has half the amount of asylum seekers compared to germany , in the same turn , the gdp/capita in greece is also 50 % lower ( or even worse nowadays ) . 
  why should the kremlin have expected war while yanukovych was still in office ? 
  nevertheless cameron opposes it obviously . 
  in general - as in the nature of these treaties , everyone who is not directly benefitting from it will counteract it in the beginning ( or maybe even prevent any changes to the current system ) . 
  i am not that sure about that . 
  i am fine with `` losing '' up to three cent with every purchase i make in regular stores , but especially in bakeries etc. 
  10 ct is quite a lot in relation to your total purchase . 
  not really , no . 
  the most widespread banks dont take any money for it , even if you are in a really small village branch of that bank . 
  18 months is a long time . 
  who knows what happens until then ? 
  18 month ago , crimea still beonged to ukraine and a conflict ( of the kind of the current one ) with russia was not really in sight . 
  the rest of europe has a bit of a different perception of germanys power . 
  the crimean people are not ` all ' russian , and what , besides russian propaganda , makes you think that ukraine is run by nazis ? 
  probably we are a failed state because we ` annexed ' eastern germany ? 
  fair enough . 
  unfortunately this change will take a lot of time as it has to be negotiated first , including people like mr. cameron who is obviously not in favour of it . 
  just for clairification : i am not in favor of germany reducing the number of refugess it currently takes , the main focus should be relieving the southern countries from a part of their burden . 
  i did not watch it since i happen to be eating every time i come by this video ( and i dont have much interest in watching people being executed at another time either ) . 
  yes , it might have been removed , it was just the youtube video linked and not the video posted in a thread . 
  i did not take anyones word for it honestly . 
  almost everyone is a bit ( or more ) biased on the issue ( including myself ) , the only thing that we know is that there have been war crimes commited by both sides - to an extend that we dont even consider burning someone on a cross unrealistic . 
  we had exactly this video here yesterday . 
  some ukrainians claimed that it could have been staged . 
  i am annoyed by it . 
  cashiers here dont have a problem if you pay with a lot of small coins ( unless you give them 50 of them or something ) . 
  if the beggar doesnt want small coins , its his own fault . 
  banks have machines to count them , however , they only count your money if you put it into your bank account usually . 
  considering small coins there is only one thing to say - dutch masterrace , they dont even use 1 or 2ct coins . 
  ( and yes , i am aware the dutch are not the only ones to do that ), 
  this is one very onesided piece of opinion . 
  i did not say that . 
  with that i just wanted to counteract the belief that it is possible to just `` add '' direct democracy to our parliamentary systems and have it work . 
  greece is still using those . 
  of course tax system/collection is one of the main points greece needs to fix , however this is nothing that can be done immediately as it will ( certainly ) experience hesitation and resistance from the population . 
  furthermore , it needs some time to develop a smoothly working system . 
  for that time , they need to get money to keep the state running despite this system being extremely inefficient . 
  however , i do not see any of the creditors stepping back from the demands of greece financing the lion share of it as five years passed already and nothing has really been done to fix the mentioned problems . 
  of course it is not syrizas fault that the previous governments failed to adress this problem , nevertheless they need to prove that they will actually do something . 
  it can be an advantage , true . 
  however it is , in my opinion , not good to have a referendum about things where the voting people can not really grasp the importance of their vote in this decision aswell as the impact the outcome of the vote will have . 
  also , there is a bit of a difference between switzerland and e.g. 
  germany - polling 5 million people ( i just made up that number , i do not know how many of the 8 million swiss citizens are allowed to vote ) is easier than polling 50 million people . 
  the parliament in switzerland proves pretty much what i wrote at another point in this thread , direct democracy is incompatible with most forms of representation . 
  what makes swiss citizens having a better foresight and having better intel than any other country ? 
  i would argue that switzerland has its fair share of idiods - like any country in this world . 
  some proposed referendums prove exactly this . 
  and well , we can not really compare switzerland to any other country , because there is no other comparable country that has been neutral for a timespan this long . 
  the goal is to have the governing body not making shit decisions , no matter if this body is a parliament or the citizens themselves . 
  however the average citizen lacks the foresight and intel for some decisions , thus the decision made by the people is not necessarily better than a decision by a parliament . 
  i am honestly more interested in what `` we have had very good discussions on the need to reform the judiciary '' means . 
  i know that completely reforming a judiciary is one of the toughest tasks a government can possibly have , however i have the feeling that a working judiciary together with a competent tax collecting system will benefit greece more than any privatizations or spending cuts . 
  i know about the reason for that shortcoming . 
  however , this is just a symptom , as varoufakis would say . 
  greece needs a system of automatic tax collection so that it cant ramp up so much outsanding tax again and to make the government income more reliable aswell . 
  while it might sound great in the first moment , it seems to be driven ( amongst other things ) by the tax collecting program which is pretty much a one-time effect . 
  also , if you put in relation , it is about 0.9 % of the gdp , way below the ( arguably unsustainable ) 3.5 % and even a lot lower than the ` lower ' target , 1.5 % . 
  what i find worrying is the further decline in tax revenue . 
  sorry if i seem a bit negative , it is certainly a step in the right direction in some areas , i just have the feeling that it is not enough to deal with the situation greece is in . 
  i had not heared of this crisis either , but it seems to be a thing since two years . 
  the only thing that is of concern considering the nationality is where the taxes are payed . 
  however , most ships sail under different flags anyways and the taxes are low , so they are neglectable - especially given the situation in greece .
