   yes , but not in these mass numbers . 
  decently large numbers . 
  yeah , that 's the issue : we can not really change the essence of the system without creating a massive gap . 
  such a switch would either cause the debts to skyrocket ( i actually doubt that it would be possible to finance this by debt ) or the youngest generation would be forced to pay for their parents while saving for themselves at the same time . 
  the document you are mentioning is from a think tank . 
  not official eu policy . 
  it is also talking about `` legal channels for migration '' as a fix to the demographic problem . 
   the refugee crisis started in 2015 . 
  people coming here via the mediterranean sea has been an issue for much longer . 
  you are completely failing to see where you are wrong . 
  500,000 people retiring does n't ` cost ' 1.5 billion euros . 
  early retirement does , which pretty much ruins your point . 
   the money will go back to the economy either way , but one is looking to your own and the other to pander while pissing off large parts of the population . 
  nonsense . 
  as i have outlined , it actually is n't that much money compared to our pension payments . 
  the native germans would not recieve more pensions if we did n't have any refugees over here . 
  as i pointed out adressing your other reply : you are working with wrong numbers because you failed to understand your own article . 
  therefore , all your calculations are worthless . 
   many of these will be economically idle long before they are active , if ever . 
  you ignore that a lot of the spending is n't spent on benefits for refugees but on employing people , building stuff etc. 
   like they did in the budapest memorandum . 
  well , we would be set to lose our eastern states ( ex-gdr ) - could be worse i guess . 
  that 's a good joke mate . 
  you should probably read your own articles before quoting them . 
  the cost you are quoting is * additional * cost for early retirement ( people retiring early after working for 45 years ) . 
  we spend around 240 billion euros a year on pensions . 
  which makes 90 billion euros ( stretched out over multiple years ) not more than a raindrop in the ocean . 
  90 billion euros pay for around four and a half months of pensions right now . 
  once the baby boomers retire , it will maybe last for three or four months . 
  this quote does n't have anything to do with this . 
  if it escaped you : we have no demand for low-skilled workers . 
  we need highly skilled workers . 
   the refugee crisis has everything to do with this , as merkel invited them to fix the changing demographics . 
  [ i will just point you at this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) . 
  there has been no invitation and considerations that the refugees might help fixing the demographic problem only started after the people were already here . 
   sure but that does n't his contradict his point . 
  it does , as the effect on the pension system is marginal . 
   the $ 90 billion that will go on refugees is money that could be available for pensions . 
  which is pretty much no money when it comes to pensions . 
  90 billions pay for about four and a half months worth of pension payments . 
  not even taking into account that pretty much all of the money spent on refugees was immediately flowing back into the economy . 
  honestly , `` spending money '' on promoting more children is not the issue here . 
  germany has by far the most generous benefits payed for having a child in the whole eu . 
  spending more money has n't exactly affected the birth rates . 
  we need a change in mentality and develop assistance mechanisms for parents with small children . 
  the reason this is not done/accomplished is not a monetary one . 
  apart from that - it 's way too late for that to have any effect on the current system anyways . 
  having more children in the near future wo n't solve the crisis we are facing . 
  so please , fuck off , and leave the refugee crisis out of this . 
  do n't talk about topics you do not even have the slightest clue on . 
  well , the russians insist that the nukes stored in europe should be classified as `` strategic '' because of their strategic purpose . 
  i get your point about their usage as tactical weapons against enemy forces when talking about the lower yields . 
  if the higher yields are selected however ( the b-61 nukes go up to 170 kt yield , which is around 23 times the yield of the hiroshima bomb ) , i would n't exactly say that they can not serve as deterrent . 
   how much of germany 's reserves is going into managing the migration and additional welfare costs ? 
  not even remotely enough to have an effect on our pension system . 
  that is true , but it is still a deterrent . 
  which is the point in having them here . 
  and that 's how realistic ? 
  there is no point in disarmament when there is no chance that the other side will meet it . 
  which is the case here . 
  the current increase ( 65 -  67 ) was stretched out over almost 20 years . 
  the retirement age of 67 will be reached in 2031 . 
  even if they immediately started increasing it again ( 67 -  69 ) , we would reach 69 in 2050 . 
  lets assume that they would raise it by another two years afterwards - people born in the 90s will be in the middle of that change , so they would retire with 70 years . 
  to start with what exactly ? 
  we will have no other choice . 
  we are set to endebt ourselves , no matter what we want . 
  and no , we really do n't have `` too much debt '' . 
  we barely spend any money on servicing it . 
   in part because of the small likelihood that tactical nuclear weapons would ever be used in a conflict . 
  they seriously missed the * fucking point * in having nukes . 
  which is : not using them . 
  actually the people born in the 90s are the ones who would be affected by this proposal of the * bundesbank * . 
   yeah , honestly with our declining pop the head count actually does n't matter that much . 
  what matters is the ratio of contributors and pension recievers . 
  which looks grim to be honst . 
   apparently kindergeld is n't enough to get people to want kids , not really sure how to get out of this hole . 
  we should learn from the french . 
  we need to build a society and a country that is a better place to be a parent . 
   i 'm pretty certain i 'll work until i die . 
  i would not be that certain about that . 
  the calculations of our ministry of finance imply that , in the worst case , we will face a debt of 200 % of gdp by 2060 due to the demographic gap . 
   we want to keep our budget balanced this is not even about a balanced budget . 
  we wo n't be running a surplus forever . 
  even sch\u00e4uble says that . 
  our constitution would allow us to take loans up to 13 billion euros annually ( given the current gdp ) . 
  this is about the pension funds remaining remotely financeable . 
   brits have to work until 68 ( at least most of the current work force will ) . 
  in germany it is 67 years for everyone born after 1964 . 
  there however is a possibility to retire with 63 years if you have worked 45 years . 
   69 is too old . 
  depends on the job . 
  for manual labor , even 67 is too long . 
  for office work - not really . 
  i really think that it should not be a fixed age however . 
  everyone has different needs and a different physical and psychological development . 
  the fixed pension age creates the problem that some people who would actually * want * to continue working face legal hurdles ( actually its mainly their employer ) while others are forced to continue working to ensure that they will have sufficient funds despite being a physical or mental wreck . 
   increasing the retirement age is an excuse to pay less pensions . 
  actually it is an `` excuse '' not to pay more pensions given that people are getting older and older . 
  which is n't that unreasonable .
