  if anything , it might be a loss for the people employed there , certainly not for the clients . 
  all that make it to europe ( they should be numbered below 150.000 currently ) . 
  the numbers are likely not going to increase significantly as it is still an expensive and dangerous travel . 
  yes ? 
  the source that is given for this claim is [ forbes ] ( http://www.forbes.com/global2000/list/10/#header:country ) if you take a look at that list , only 20 are under the top 500 , the list however contains more than just 500 listings . 
  i guess the people on wikipedia just counted how many apperances germany has in that list , while ignoring that some are ranked below # 500 . 
  ops source also names companies like the deutsche bahn , while the forbes ranking only includes publically owned businesses . 
  so far , 5 million is the total number of people that left syria . 
  most of these people did * not * pursue the way to europe as it is pretty dangerous and expensive . 
  what makes you think this will change ? 
  well , i couldnt either , even if i wanted to . 
   what if like almost all of africa and syria ( middle east ) is walking towards europe . 
  the past shows that people are not leaving their countries until the shit really hits the fan ( exceptions apply ) . 
   we should really control our european borders an `` process '' them right there . 
  have fun controlling 20.000 km of coastline in greece and italy alone . 
   there is also the possibility that is fighters walk right into europe . 
  in addition to those people who return from there this argument has been brought up by some anti-immigration people to argue why we shouldnt let a single person in . 
  i think we have to rely on our police and government agencies on that . 
  even with no refugees coming here , this could happen . 
   if we keep doing it the way we do right now , then i think that we already lost control . 
  and that might be at the beginning of the problem . 
  things certainly need to be changed . 
  however accepting syrians is none of the things that need to be changed . 
  they are forced to use any money left over for this cause . 
  however , in last year ( where we had 11 billion surplus i think ) that money went to one of the funds for the financial crisis . 
  this year , we might have to use some of that money for our refugees ( and maybe for greece aswell ) , we will see how it goes . 
  nevertheless , even if we waste that money for whatever , our debt quota will still go down , which is nice . 
   because germany is uninterested with negotiating with its partners . 
  well , so far i dont see anybody wanting to negotiate with us on the refugee issue . 
  it is our goddamn right to press for changes if we think the current state is unsustainable , the same way the uk has the right to press for changes on the eu . 
  getting support from the others is quite another thing . 
  if you are talking about greece : germany is not the only country that had this negotiating policy , just the most vocal one . 
  germany factors france and others when pursuing foreign policy , talking about ukraine for example . 
   we should be striving to common european policy , but instead germany only cares about germany . 
  thats why we take in most of europes refugees ( together with sweden and some other countries ) . 
  yes , we only care about ourselves , taking all that valuable refugees from the other eu countries . 
  it cant be denied that we pursued our own interests in the greek crisis , but this is essentially what every country ( besides maybe france ) did . 
  unless france and the uk step up their game in the eu , it will be germany in a dominating position , but this is not our fault . 
  we were demanded to lead , and it is not like we voluntarily chose to do so . 
  in fact , we still feel uncomfortable leading . 
  if france will recover at some point and the uk focussing more on the continent , we will likely see this changing again . 
  probably the same minus the share of non-bavarian csu voters living in bavaria . 
  there have actually been cases where the csu ran against the cdu ( in other states ) , with little to no success . 
  they also had some issues with a foundation of a csu-like party in the former gdr . 
  cant you read pictures accurately ? 
  it clearly states that the 54/41 poll is 4 weeks old , the current one is 60/37 . 
   just simply said that it might not be true that every german wants to shelter those refugees nobody has ever claimed that . 
   if we talk about the question of how many people we are able to take in , then waht about that in 5 years ? 
  we need a longterm and european solution and no solo campaign in which we take in all the refugees at once . 
  there is no solo campaign of this kind . 
  the world in 5 years will already be a different one , who knows how it will look then ? 
  if we can manage to get ` rid ' of the asylum applications from kosovo et al. , we are already relieved of a large burden . 
   but there is also war and slaughter in africa . 
  i do n't see so much difference between some african countries and syria . 
  thats why we are e.g. 
  accepting refugees from eritrea . 
   i do n't know if i will ever see german police that forces `` refugees '' into a plane back home . 
  you probably wont . 
   and if they sold everything at home and got nothing left ? 
  i bet there will be a lot violence if they should get send back . 
  they could try everything legal or illegal to stay . 
  the have nothing to lose . 
  thats right , but that is not our fault and also no reason for * not * accepting future refugees . 
  it poses the task of better informing the people uneligible for asylum that they dont have any chances and should stay where they are . 
   i also do n't know if there country of origin takes them back so easily . 
  they might have no passports . 
  that surely is an issue , but the answer is the same : just because people abuse it , we must not abandon granting asylum to people . 
  germany has overcome the state of a multinational country , but it certainly has been one at some point in time . 
  i am positive that is possible to overcome this status , however . 
  unfortunately i am not that well educated on the whole catalonia issue , so it might be possible that i am missing some essential differences here . 
  i however still remain with my point that i simply do not want it because of it being a possible precedent for future splitups of states . 
  i was not addressing the `` richer and poorer provinces '' at you or the scots , if was referring to separation movements in general . 
  if i offended anyone with this term , i apologize , but i guess you get what i wanted to say with it . 
  how is my country destroying cooperation and solidarity ? 
  60/37 is hardly 50/50 . 
  there was a poll asking whether they want it posted a few days ago here on reddit . 
  and quite frankly , as long as we can handle it , it is pretty irrelevant . 
  humanity does not rely on polls , or at least it should not . 
  the current numbers do not strain our social fabric too much and the money spend for refugees is neglectable . 
  they never said that . 
  the party who demands the toll is saying that foreigners should also play their part in paying for road maintenance . 
  which is borderline stupid and violating eu law . 
  there is literally road construction everywhere you go . 
  i have a feeling that they replaced like every third bridge over the autobahns in the last years . 
  this should be a no-brainer . 
  we dont prosecute people by public demand anymore , the past has thought us better . 
   are they really going to send those people back ? 
  yes , but not all of them . 
  the people from kosovo et al. 
  are going to be sent back though ( which is already a third of applications ) . 
   how do you send back so many people every year ? 
  usually by plane . 
   where to exactly ? 
  where they came from . 
   it wo n't be so easy for them to return to their home if isis is right around the corner . 
  the people who have isis in their country usually have valid asylum claims anyways , so they are not going to be sent back . 
   many of them sold everything so they could travel to europe . 
  how does that change anything ? 
  their economic situation in their home country does not make them eligible for asylum . 
   if they are getting told to go back will they just say : '' hmm , okay at least i tried .
