  yes , you probably are . 
  the european nations have managed to maneuver through worse situations in the past and i am positive they will somehow do it again . 
  this does not mean that this will be benefitial for everyone , however the idea of the eu is too good to let it go down the drain . 
  the sgb is designed to fine countries that are violating the 3 % criteria , however fines are seldomly/never pursued ( mainly because germany and france violated the criteria without punishment a decade ago ) . 
  nevertheless , the criteria still exists and it is still applied ( france had to ask for ` permission ' to overspend in these years ) . 
   most ez creditors can borrow at much lower rates . 
  since i am not entriely certain on the exact rates , i can not comment on that . 
  for germany , it might be true . 
  however , i do not think that the rates will stay at that level forever ( our rate is mainly that low because of the weakness of the other eu states ) , probably surpassing the rate of a discounted interest at some point . 
  there also are some other eu states who already pay more interest that greece does ( percentage-wise ) . 
   addressing the root of the problem the root of the problem is less the sustainability of greeces debt ( which is already significantly lower than in the beginning of the crisis ) than the fact that the greek economy lacks competitiveness and that the greek economy lacks larger industry branches in general . 
  given the current situation , greece will never be able to reach a trade surplus which is needed to get rid of that debt . 
   i am not sure if that is enough equipment to help themselves against russia it is certainly not , however the simple fact that us troops would be involved in a defense gives enough deterrent to these countries . 
  us soldiers dying would prompt a larger involvement of the us . 
  well , you can easily earn a germans disrespect by not being on time , not being focussed nor for not following rules ( amongst other things ) . 
  this however is nothing about feeling superior to the population of another country , this is just about despising behaviour of that kind . 
  it is not bound to any nationality , religion or something else , if a german would ` fail ' to meet these standarts , he would be met with mistrust or rejection aswell . 
  the damage of a potential war with russia outweighs the possible profit from arms deals hundreds of times . 
  nobody would be that stupid and go to war with russia outside a pure defensive scenario . 
  the troops and equipment the us sent to eastern europe do not exactly weaken russia . 
  it just prevents russia from pursuing any aggressive action on these states . 
   if , let 's say , france or germany or other rich country were to be turned into a nuclear wasteland as a counter attack after bombing moscow , the rest of the world would probably oppose since they would n't want to lose those countries . 
  but poland , or most of the eastern europe for that matter , are not important enough for others to care . 
  nonsense . 
  since poland is a nato member , this would drag the whole world into a gigantic war . 
  people are not judging the importance of a defense of a country by its economic prospect . 
  france is far off the 3 % maastricht criteria , i think it is fair to say that they would struggle . 
  an interest rate cut would depend on the extent of the cut . 
  charging interest is not irresponsible since the lender states have to borrow that money themselves ( and pay interest for it ) . 
  i am actually pretty certain that the interest rates are pretty low ( excluding the t-bills of course ) . 
  this might be true , however in my opinion we got rid of that ` masterrace ' behaviour a while ago ( 70 years to be precise ) . 
  `` hey guys , didnt you forget something ? 
  we are relevant , too ! '', 
  can you please think before posting such a nonsense ? 
  nobody has interest in a war . 
  yes , the us deployment is seen as ` agressive ' from russias side , however they are not there for attacking russia or provoking war with russia . 
   not to mention that most of the world probably would n't miss poland are you high ? 
  that is a generalization that i do not agree with . 
  not all of us are assholes . 
  what would you define as ` more prosperous ' ez nations ? 
  germany , the netherlands , finland and austria ? 
  france and italy would struggle giving in to any debt relief . 
  also , this would never get a majority in our parliament , which would be required for such a move . 
  i do n't see any agreement from the other mentioned countries either . 
  if it was done from the ` other ' side , it would straight up be a default , a ` relief ' can only be voluntarily . 
  the interest rates are already cut to a level that is lower than the regular borrowing cost of many european states . 
  nobody disputes that , nor am i. 
  however a general statement like this without specification is wrong . 
  but wouldnt this prompt requests for fair treatment ( aka debt relief aswell ) from the other pii ( g ) s ? 
  why does a single person with two children on 67 % have more money than the no children 100 % person in ireland ? 
  this goes against the trend in almost every other country . 
  i dont disagree with that , i just said that even a full greek bailout might be manageable for the ez countries , even though many would severely struggle doing so , especially france and italy . 
  going beyond that however is compeletely unrealistic and it would not be manageable . 
  for clarification : i am not advocating a full greek debt relief , i am just talking about the possibilities . 
  at this point it would be more interesting/surprising who was * not * spied upon . 
  well , a debt relief for greece might be manageable , a debt relief for all of the piigs would * destroy * the european economies . 
  no matter that it is unrealistic in the case of greece , i find it kind of sad that the author said  [ there is one thing that makes no sense at all and ] that 's to try to make it pay back what it owes . 
  as if the concept of paying back debts was completely out of this world . 
  i guess it is possible with proper intel , however certainly not easy . 
  well , praktiker was n't known for treating its employees well in germany either . 
  they went bankrupt one or two years ago . 
  i really doubt that the eu would risk large amounts of human casualties . 
  assange tends to paint everything a little grim . 
  there is a difference in ` destroying boats in the harbor ' and ` attacking boats ' . 
  the latter implies that they have already sailed , with people on board . 
  iirc it is not the plan to attack the boats . 
  there actually arent that many other routes to go to europe . 
  i do not see libya having a stable government in the next years , given how the situation in libya is . 
  destroyers would be overkill in my opinion , it is not like we would be going up against a country with a developed military . 
  both the navy and the air force of libya use outdated equipment and they often do not even have the required personnel to operate them . 
  even todays corvettes have enough potential to fulfill that task . 
  this was a general statement . 
  even though judges are supposed to be neutral , they wont be it 100 % of the time . 
  there is always a little bias when going into a process . 
  also , the energy charta which allows vattenfall to sue under isds is signed by states that have a lot less reliable judiciaries . 
  i am aware that the courts ruled * against * e : on and co. . again - morris vs. australia is n't decided yet . 
  because courts are more likely to rule in favor of a german company than a foreign company . 
  the german company also holds the power to influence the lawmaking here . 
  before you complain about the isds case from vattenfall , wait how it plays out . 
  most isds cases dont lead to huge compensations for the company . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  there is a difference between people on a boat leaving your territory and heavily armed frigates cruising at your coast line . 
  understandable , it is their right to secure their own territory . 
  however , i do not see them pursuing plans of this kind . 
  the libyan air force is pretty much non-existent since 2011 . 
  the 2015 report mentioned 8 bombers and 30 ( old ) russian jet fighters . 
  bombing european frigates and other ships would be pretty much suicidal for them . 
  they would have to label almost any major industry in germany that way . 
  it is not about ` kicking you out ' , rather an independent catalonia would be a new country , which would naturally not be a part of the eu . 
  since every country has a say in accepting ` new ' members , i can see spain blocking this for you . 
  check the discussions about scotland becoming independent , it was generally accepted/assumed that scotland would have to reapply for eu membership in the case of independence . 
  how is europe obliged to accept you ? 
  i think there will be some people that would n't like that . 
  nobody says that germany has n't more political power than other countries . 
  however the claim that it straight up ` rules ' europe is just nonsense . 
  the other finance ministers will in fact have a say on the final agreement and they are free to say ` no ' . 
  greece mainly negotiating with germany and france is just due to the fact that germany is the most prominent ` opponent ' of greeces policies , representing ` hardline ' positions for the countries like finland or the netherlands . 
  germany 's leadership said time and time again that only the troika has a mandate to make decisions in the end . 
  however , it is much more likely that the eu states will come to an agreement when they found a way that is accepted by both ` sides ' of the political spectrum . 
  bulgaria withdrew because gazprom being both supplier and owner of the pipeline violated eu law .
