  the eastern european governments for example keep repeating how important it is to help in the region . 
  yet their actual actions fall significantly short of their language . 
  some organization has calculated on gdp and other factos what amount of money would be a `` fair '' share for the countries to pledge for syria in the last year . 
  the usual suspects ( germany , uk , scandinavia ) did significantly more than they could be expected to and eastern europe did not even get close to their `` fair share '' . 
  i am totally convinced that the numbers of 2015 were too high in a few countries ( germany , sweden , austria , hungary et . 
  ) , but the numbers in some other countries were just embarassing . 
  i do not expect anyone to take in hundred thousands of refugees . 
  but countries like france could certainly do more . 
  it gets kind of depressing when you take a look at the refugees from bosnia in the balkan wars : [ http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/graphics/d27_2v_d.gif] ( shares ) - germany took in 48 % of the refugees , italy , austria and sweden 7 % the netherlands 6 % and switzerland and turkey 4 % . 
  it is exactly the same countries that have taken in refugees now . 
  it can not and should not be our aim to take in everyone , but we can , without any significant problems , take care of a certain amount of people in need . 
  especially since resettling people in an organized way allows us to choose the people , to vet them , and to limit the numbers . 
  but we have to follow through with our promises . 
  and we need to be generous . 
  generous with resettlement numbers ( and by that , i mean significantly more than the numbers in the past . 
  it is a bit sad when countries are celebrating themselves for taking in a few thousand refugees . 
  unhcr resettled around 80,000 refugees in 2015 , which is not a lot . ), 
  and generous with funding for projects helping people in the area . 
  so i think that neither accepting everyone or nobody is a feasible solution . 
  we need a lot more foresight than we had in the past . 
  and when it comes to countries that are origin to economic migration , like kosovo , we have to establish schools over there that prepare people for a job and life in germany ( or other countries if they want that ) . 
  because this can solve problems as well , in an ordered and mutually benefitial way . 
  these people escape poverty and we get educated workers that we need . 
  it 's essentially the ` mainstream ' criticism : `` banks are speculating with the money of the common man , are too big to fail , are saved with tax money and continue as if nothing has happened . 
  the ecb policies combined with the acting of the banks mean that the common man is expropriated . '', 
  you can find these sentiments in pretty much any german party , even in the pro-business , liberal , fdp . 
  this is a very easy point for petry to make in order to show that they are neither ` right-wing nor left-wing ' . 
  ironically , 95 % of the time , parties who make statements of this kind ( that they have no fixed political side ) , they are pursuing right-wing policies . 
  if you look further however , you will notice that the issue goes deeper . 
  and there , you will see the differences : the german parties might generally agree on the problems , however their suggestions on how to fix these problems differ significantly . 
  the afd seems to believe in stopping the interconnection between the european banks as a solution , the cdu wants better european and national overview , the * linke * wants to nationalize the banks . 
  so claiming that their `` criticism is close '' is correct , but the message that she wants to send by saying this is not . 
   we 're going to head for an era of cheap travel and massively increasing populations in the mena and especially sub-saharan region . 
  well , it depends . 
  if the nothern african governments can get their territory and shores under control again ( especially libya ) , it will get a lot more difficult for people to come here . 
  the numbers coming here via plane or ferry are neglectable . 
  and i do not think this is unrealistic in the long term . 
  nevertheless , it is only speculation , we can only hope for the best and support these countries . 
   their support is typically very thin , but it can shoot up very quickly during a crisis and once the government starts to act , the numbers typically go down . 
  well , obviously . 
  unless one of the ` mainstream parties ' makes it their topic . 
  which i deem unlikely , but still . 
   of course , unless there 's a feeling that we 're entering a `` permanent '' crisis well , we live in times of constant crises . 
  the world has become faster and so has the frequency of troubling events . 
  be it refugee crisis , climate change or the euro . 
   germany starts seeing growth of dysfunctional/fundamentalist zones like the ones you have in france or in sweden , a party like afd may not need large influxes anymore , because it has enough to criticise back home . 
  true . 
  which is why we have to try to prevent this at all costs . 
  recent policies being implemented already aim in this direction - the government attempts to accommodate those on benefits ( which , at least for the beginning , will be almost all of them ) in decentralized housing to prevent the creation of ghettos . 
  we should also not forget that a lot relies on how efficient we are with deporting people , especially the people from the northern african region . 
  because they are the ones causing troubles here , not the people from syria ( who are by far the largest group ) . 
  this is the line of the ` old ' afd that was founded by lucke . 
  at that point , they were mainly a eurosceptic party . 
  after lucke left with the liberal-conservative part of the members , they focused almost exclusively on the refugee crisis . 
  the current afd did not modify this stance significantly , but they lack the personnel to make it a serious issue for them . 
  the old afd had a lot of professors and economists , the current one does n't . 
  their rhetoric concerning the issue has been very simple in recent times . 
  sidenote : the original proposal of the afd concerning the euro was a bit weird - they essentially wanted to keep the euro but wanted the southern countries to leave . 
  currently , they are talking about dissolving the currency alltogether . 
  given their rhetoric , i honestly ca n't take their concerns about those countries serious . 
  their main concern is and likely will be that we have to pay money . 
  the average voter cares more about his own tax money than about the well-being of the greek people . 
  unlikely . 
  first of all , the flow through italy is not likely to reach the numbers who came through turkey/greece . 
  not even close . 
  the current number of arrivals in italy is pretty much en par with the numbers of 2015 . 
  which is tolerable . 
  200-300k people annually wo n't cause significant changes in the popularity of any party . 
  [ source , german ] ( http://www.ndr.de/fernsehen/sendungen/panorama_die_reporter/fluechtlinge-mehrheit-glaubt-an-integration,umfrageintegration100.html ) secondly , the route from italy goes through austria . 
  and austria wo n't allow large numbers of people to pass through anymore . 
  so i think it is fair to say that we wo n't experience something of the kind of 2015 again . 
  what ? 
  you might be confusing them with the republican party of another country . 
  the republicans in germany were a party that rose into popularity in the last refugee crisis , in the 90s ( from the balkans ) . 
  they reached above 10 % in some states but essentially ceased to be relevant soon after the refugee flows stopped . 
  which lets me hope that they will disappear again . 
  just like the republicans in the 90s . 
  well , as i said : it is far from their main topic . 
  they are more focussed on being very conservative , being against islam and against immigration . 
  i would say the focus should be the grid . 
  storage is nice , but the main problem remains that the electricity produced from wind turbines is in the northern part of germany and the industry is in the south . 
  is it ? 
  their line of argumentation is mainly : `` get out of the euro so we do not have to give money to lazy greeks '' . 
  essentially it is ` just ' the recent refugee policy combined with a general dissatisfaction with the government amongst some people . 
  euro criticism is just a bonus , not a leading topic . 
  point in case : the afd was mainly founded as a eurosceptic party . 
  they gained some popularity during the height of the bailout talks but quickly disappeared below 5 % afterwards . 
  it was the refugee crisis that ` brought them back ' . 
   mainly military . 
  despite what people tend to think , the infrastructure projects were dwarfed by the rearmament . 
  true . 
  however , even though much smaller , the spending was still significant . 
  \u00d6ffa bills valued 1.3 billion rm entered the market ( which was quite a lot of money at that time ) . 
   yes , debt and mefo bills . 
  i am aware of these bills , but for easier understanding i just fitted them under `` debt '' . 
   if you 've got a couple of minutes , i highly recommend this about hjalmar schacht , from the nuremberg trials . 
  i promise it 's quite interesting . 
  i 'll take a look at it after lunch , thanks , 
  oh come on . 
  if you want to lobby for your cause , use a less obvious user name .
