  i am completely fine with cutting the numbers of personnel ( i believe that it should not sink any lower though , in my opinion around 200,000 people would be fine ) , but they fucked up in some areas that saved them very little money yet did enormeous damage . 
  a ) we are talking about different things here . 
  i was talking about the black market in general , you were talking about illegal aliens working here without permission . 
  b ) we actually have bigger fines in place . 
  you can be fined up to 500,000 $ for employing illegals . 
  plus you will get sentenced for tax evasion , employment of a person without paying social fees and unlawful business activities . 
  if you employ more than five illegals , you can alredy be sent to prison . 
  c ) your reward system would not be legal here . 
  nor would it work : illegal immigrants are usually employed by relatives that legally operate a business in this country . 
   by not doing anything to stop it . 
  this statement is ignorant . 
  of course , there are measures to decrease illegal work or black market work . 
   i was only talking about part of the economy that employs illegal migrants . 
  prostitutes and drug dealers do n't count to me . 
  prostitutes are legal workers in germany . 
  most of the black market is some people working for people they `` know '' while evading taxes . 
  the most prominent example would probably be employing a cleaner for your household and paying him or her cash to evade taxes and fees . 
   why is it above 0 % in the first place ? 
  is n't it illegal to hire someone without proper documentation ? 
  why is no one enforcing your laws ? 
  because it is impossible to get it to zero unless you live in some orvellian state . 
  if you inofficially employ someone to clean your factory floor for 5 $ / hour , it is not like somebody would notice . 
  i do not think there are numbers on illegal immigrants being employed here . 
  but it is certainly much harder to employ them here than in some other countries . 
   the `` mess '' was started long before guttenberg 's time . 
  not really . 
  guttenberg was the politician responsible for transforming the bundeswehr into a professional army and he failed miserably ( he also left office before it was finished ) . 
  iirc it was in 2010 ( still under guttenberg ) that the air force stopped buying new spares . 
  this `` policy '' was continued under de maiziere until they noticed that this might cause a very large number of planes and helicopters to be in need for spares and thus not ready for combat ( who could have thought of that before ? 
  many of the current problems are rooted in the de maiziere/guttenberg era . 
   de maiziere is just incompetence incarnate , even now as minister of the interior he is a fumbling idiot . 
  honestly , i do n't think there is a single politician that i hate much more and i 'm saying that , well aware of the existence of heiko maas , dr. wagenknecht , frauke petry and renate k\u00fcnast . 
  i can relate to this . 
  he did okay as head of the chancellors office , but he failed as a minister . 
   how about you start by not enabling `` underground economies '' in the first place tell me how we are `` enabling '' them . 
  even switzerland has a black market economy worth around 8 % of gdp . 
  uk 10 % , nordics 14 % , southern europe 20-30 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/id/100787222 ) . 
  the unofficial labor market in germany is actually decreasing ( relatively spoken ) - from 11.2 % in 2015 to 10.8 % in 2016 . 
   germany has a very poor track record of deporting . 
  many european nations have worse track records . 
  in the first nine months 2016 , we had 60.000 deportations . 
   for example there have been examples of people throwing violent tantrums on the airplane , forcing the plane to remain grounded . 
  this however is not a problem of a law or anything . 
  the captain of an airplane will refuse to take such a person onboard . 
  simple as that . 
   germany has out-dated policies intended for europeans not 3rd world migrants . 
  germany has rule of law . 
  we do not suspend fundamental rights to get rid of a few people . 
   being slightly more competent than thomas de maizi\u00e8re is like saying you can run faster than your toddler . 
  anyone can do it . 
  hell , my dog is more competent . 
  tbh , de maiziere had to work with the mess guttenberg left him . 
  neither of them has been a good mod . 
  vdl seems to do some things right . 
  well , i am not exactly a friend of ursula vdl , but since she was appointed mod , the percentage of planes and helicopters that are ready for combat has increased sharply . 
   the video draws parallels with nafta ( is this warranted ? ), 
  and the promises it did n't deliver on ( citation needed ) and seeks to highlight the danger of arbitration courts . 
  it mentions a case where canada wanted to restrict a chemical , `` mmt '' suspected of being a neuro-toxic , and was sued by ethyl corporation successfully for 10.2 million $ . 
  i looked up that case and found -  this recount < - on an environmentalist homepage , which pretty much confirmed it . 
  since this seemed biased i also -  searched for this < - , an official recount of the case on a government homepage . 
  here it states that canada was n't `` sentenced '' to pay ethyl corporation , but settled with them ( does n't state for how much , that 's probably the ~ 10 million $ ) after a canadian federal-provincial dispute settlement panel ( ? 
  ) , launched by three canadian provinces under something called the `` agreement on internal trade '' ( ?? ), 
  found something wrong with the initial law banning mmt . ( ??? ), 
  so i do n't know what the hell this means and i briefly pondered to try to untangle this and really find out what went on , but i refuse to go down that rabbit hole . 
  also at this point i noticed i 've spent about an hour on this , and looking back i realized how muddled all of this information truly is . 
  it means the following : three provinces successfully challenged the ban domestically , afterwards the government decided to settle the isds claim . 
  otherwise , there would have been a good chance that they would have lost the isds case as there has been good evidence that this legislation was in fact not driven by environmental concerns but by protectionism . 
  reason : the law only banned the trade mmt , they did not ban mmt . 
  as a result , canadian recycling companies could have continued to engage in the business of recycling of mmt while recycling in the us would be banned ( as no export was possible ) . 
  there is literally no difference for the environment when it is recycled in canada instead of the us . 
  it is still a year to go . 
  there was a majority for black/green in the polls just two months back iirc . 
  our green party was part of the government when the agenda 2010 reforms ( often described as `` neoliberal '' ) were implemented . 
  it certainly would not be unprecedented . 
  during the turn of events in eastern germany ( afd getting extremely good results ) , even a coalition between cdu and our left party was considered for a while . 
   apparently yes , since cars now do n't have automatic braking systems so you can drive the thing straight into a wall or into the upcoming traffic . 
  you are not transferring control to the car in this case . 
  apples and pears . 
   again , how often does a situation arise where evading a pedestrian would kill the driver ? 
  most often it would just shake him up or produce some scratches on the car at worst . 
  as i said , i do believe that there is risk evaluation involved . 
  the article is missing one important part : this has been the judgement on several express applications to stop ceta by interim measures . 
  this however is not the final judgement on the issue , the court will decide on whether ceta in general is violating our constitution in 2017 . 
  well , it still is a legitimate poll . 
  online polling is pretty common , yougov is working in various countries and they are usually taken pretty seriously ( they are usually also the fastest to produce polls due to their way of polling ) . 
  despite the afd affiliation of insas boss , there are no indicators that the polls were influenced in a certain way . 
  the biggest difference between the agencies is the method of polling : * insa exclusively uses online polls - they claim that the polled people are selected in a representative way , but you have to sign up to be polled . 
  additionally , many of the voters that would vote for the `` mainstream parties '' ( mainly cdu and spd ) are older and thus less likely to have internet access . 
  the insa boss is also reported to be affiliated with the afd . 
  * allensbach polls people in face-to-face interviews . 
  i do not know how they are selecting their people however . 
  * all other agencies rely on telephone interviews ( at least for this kind of polling ) . 
  they will randomly call at least 1000 people in various areas of germany to ensure that they get a representative sample . 
  they will either ask a person in the household that is randomly selected in advance or they will ask the one who most recently celebrated a birthday ( or other sleection methods ) . 
  based on their domestic experience , many users of / r/europe might think that this is skewed as few people still use landlines . 
  this is not the case in germany however - over 95 % of households still have a landline . 
  some of the institutes are also calling the mobile numbers . 
  the disadvantage is that this might be skewed in favor of `` traditional '' voters . 
  so far , it has produced pretty reliable results however .
