  it must have been kind of tough to maintain this over-the-top german accent for that amount of time . 
   canada 's ftas do not allow foreign investors or companies to force a government to change its laws and regulations . 
  * magnette particularly opposed terms of the deal intended to protect international investors which critics say could allow them to force governments to change laws against the wishes of the people . 
  * [ source ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20161027-belgians-eu-canada-trade-deal-controversial-reach-agreement ) . 
  the concessions towards him actually did not include abandoning ics/isds despite what some people claimed . 
  it still is part of ceta . 
   including mechanisms for dispute resolution through international arbitration in ftas does not restrict any level of government from legitimately legislating in the public interest . 
  * ceta is a sweeping trade deal restricting public policy options in areas as diverse as intellectual property rights , government procurement , food safety , financial regulation , the temporary movement of workers , domestic regulation and public services * [ source ] ( https://corporateeurope.org/international-trade/2016/09/new-study-analyses-eu-canada-trade-deal-ceta )  canadian and foreign investors alike are subject to all canadian laws and regulations , including those pertaining to environmental , labour , health-care , building and safety standards . 
  * the treaty leaves existing regulations and policies in canada and the eu vulnerable to investor challenges -- directly through isds , or indirectly through corporate-driven state-to-state dispute mechanisms . 
  * [ source ] ( https://canadiandimension.com/articles/view/unpacking-ceta ), 
  the points / u/canadiaman22 referred to are actually spread by contra-ceta activists quite regularly , speaking from experience . 
  this will surely make america great again !, 
  filthy europeans . 
  kind of funny that the donald even suggested suspending the eased visa access for europeans , having this in mind . 
  i think this is a very unlikely scenario . 
  not gon na happen . 
  also : is n't this the business of the eu ? 
  as i said , i was simply not sure whether this is the case for the eu or not . 
  i did n't downvote you by the way . 
  that 's unrelated . 
  as i have elaborated in another comment here , i do not like nor do i think he is a good choice for a comissioner , but i do not think it is justified to call for a resignation based on a few remarks . 
   that 's bit like saying that ecb ca n't have dual mandate because it has single one . 
  not really . 
  you are trying to connect fundamentally different things . 
   we can and should question any part of design , in this particular case b-corp can be requirement in same way it seems to be the case with isds . 
  should two mature democracies have this or that perquisite in setting global standards ? 
  talk about harmonization . 
  what do you even mean by this ? 
   do we need aggressive trade agreements in the world without economic growth ? 
  since we still do have a world of economic growth , i would strongly say yes . 
   question everything , as grand dude said . 
  this has become a clichee statement . 
  again , that 's a completely different issue . 
  governments already have the possibility to sue these companies through the domestic court system if they think it violates their laws . 
  you can not challenge business that is `` unethical '' if there is n't a law against it . 
  simple as that . 
   instead of isds , we could seek other perquisites , such as '' the b-corp , or benefit corporation . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  you can not replace one thing with something that is not even remotely related . 
   if i said that as an employee of one of the many global financial companies in ny , i would be fired . 
  how do i know ? 
  people said similar racist things and were fired and their experience became part of the employee training programs . 
  it 's not only that your co-workers can be chinese and it builds resentment in the work place , but you can lose billions of dollar in deals with chinese companies for what is basically racism . 
  here 's the problem : you can not really transfer expressions like this into other languages . 
  the us is probably more sensible towards expressions of this kind . 
  in germany , at least amongst older people , using the term `` schlitzaugen '' for asian people is n't exactly uncommon and using it is n't frowned upon like using for example * neger * ( negro ) . 
  if you watched the whole video , you will notice that oettinger made fun of pretty much everyone - including his own party , both coalition partners , our former chancellor and our school system . 
  these parts simply were n't as serious ( the whole speech was longer , the video only portraits the parts that were `` not boring '' as far as i can see ) . 
  is it racist to some degree ? 
  probably . 
  is it outright racist ? 
  hence , i do not think that it is justified to call for him resigning based on this speech . 
  i am not the one asking the original question . 
  i just happen to know that some countries do not recognize certain countries as `` out of the country '' for a new visa . 
  the us does not consider traveling to canada `` leaving the country '' in terms of renewing or changing a visa . 
  you need to travel a lot further . 
  i simply am worried that this might be the same case for the eu . 
  hence why i , like you , said that he should contact the authorities or his embassy to get a reliable answer . 
  if politicians would resign for every case of misconduct , we would quickly run out of politicians . 
  what matters is that oettinger apoligizes and that the long-term relationship with china will not be harmed due to this . 
  and i think it is realistic to assume that it wo n't . 
  oettinger holds a job that is purely tasked with issues that are internal to the eu . 
  it is not like he is in a position that actually deals with the chinese on a daily basis . 
  yes , the behaviour is unworthy of a leading politician and it is only rightful that he was forced to apologize . 
  however , it is not severe enough to justify calls for him to resign in my opinion . 
  sidenote : i actually think that oettinger is n't a very good commissioner and he really failed as his last job as commissioner for digitalization . 
  i have no personal affiliation to him or his party that would cause me to defend him . 
  i just happen to think that some expressions that might have been inappropriate in a * non-public * speech should not be the reason for a person to resign . 
   the easiest way would be to travel to the united kingdom and re-enter the schengen zone from that country . 
  are you certain that this would work ? 
  i know from the us that rules on this can be kind of tough . 
  for a minor case of misconduct like this ? 
  seriously ? 
  contact your local authorities and ask them . 
  changing a visa can be quite complicated . 
  as an alternative , contact your local embassy . 
   yes , but the article presents the greek view . 
  how can we judge without hearing the albanian side of the story ? 
  well , that 's why i am asking . 
  i would be extremely grateful for albanian information on * this particular case * . 
  what / u/ladypicklejar says gives a decent account of what is happening in general , but it is not certain that the same happened here . 
   the days in which minor incidents like this cause a diplomatic row between nations should be over . 
  i agree . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  the article says nothing about these buildings being illegal . 
  well , yes . 
  unless there is some kind of indicator that exactly these houses were targeted based on the ethnicity of their owners . 
  then , it becomes a different issue . 
  but at least based on this article i see no indicators for this . 
   this is so depressing . 
  before syriza won the election , the economy was picking up and the government was even able to place a 4-year loan on the market . 
  but samaras was probably too weak to implement the reforms needed . 
  while i agree that the syriza victory has set greece back several years , the loan reference is n't really valid . 
  the loan was placed for the sake of placing a loan , not because it was economically feasible . 
  it was purely symbolic . 
  i get that . 
  but it still lacks a lot of info . 
  what do they plan on building there ( the tourism reference is rather vague ) , is it only these 19 homes that were teared down , etc. 
  any background ? 
  they surely did n't tear down these houses for the sake of demolishing them .
