  they are not suited to hide inconvenient facts . 
  they are just suited against a hate speech , which is , contrary to what many might want to believe , is pretty clear cut . 
  and the applications of that law confirm my claims . 
  it 's not the ordinary citizens getting prosecuted but the people that are inciting violence or the ones that are making statements that dishonor people by appreciating their death in public ( like with the people who died in the truck in austria ) . 
  this has nothing to do with making comments that are in any way suited for political conversation , it is just hate , and hate of this kind is not protected in germany . 
  were n't the overwhelming majority of people going to finland coming via sweden ? 
  if there is no realistic possibility of people coming from there , there is no need to secure that border . 
  ca n't comment on norway . 
  if you change the requirements for a cc decision like they did and if you look at how ccs all over he world make their decisions , you will notice that decisions being as clear-cut as your new law requires are extremely rare . 
  if you introduce this required voting majority , you already tamed the court . 
  i am aware of that , i just used it as an example that it is not just ` the shit they are going through ' that pulls them down , no , they did significantly worse than comparable countries even prior to that . 
  i disagree . 
  we still are your most important trading partner and your most powerful neighbor . 
  no matter how much pis dislikes it , they wo n't be able to rid the country from german influence . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but to change the relevant provisions , we would need a whole new constitution . 
  these articles can not possibly be changed , legally speaking . 
  this however was not the object of this comment string . 
  nevertheless , here 's the answer : for these countries we face the same problem we face everywhere : the destination state has to agree with the deportation into its territory , we can not possibly force another state to take back/in a person . 
  given that the interest in troublemakers is generally low , no matter the state , deporting those ` causing trouble ' becomes significantly harder . 
   but it was government that made it clear for lower authorities how they should treat immigrant topics . 
  source ? 
  all of what i am aware is that the ministry of interior affairs told the police to be ` careful ' . 
  they obviously went over the top , everyone concedes that . 
   maybe it is correct between radios , but i do n't believe german tv is that much one sided like polish tvp was and probably still will be . 
  well , the current statements made by pis members ( claiming that the media is not friendly towards them ) and their subsequent action reminds me of early german democracy . 
  adenauer ( our first chancellor ) shared the same opinion , he deemed the national television channel to be too friendly towards the opposition and unfriendly towards his party . 
  as a result , he tried to establish a second pro-government channel under firm governmental control . 
  it was shot down by our constitutional court ( see the connection of the topics repeating ? 
   nt quote when on phone :( takes too much time and effort . 
  i am familiar with this hassle haha . 
   polish internal politics do not affect germany because po was in charge before . 
  i disagree . 
  polish internal politics will not affect us even now . 
  we will feel no immediate consequences if the public media is changed or if the constitutional court is rendered useless . 
  what affects us is the external policy . 
  importing products from china will affect our country less than a possible downturn of their economy will . 
  much less . 
   ah this . 
  if ct judges were nominated by parliament it is n't something that will be neutral , do n't you think ? 
  frankly numerous times it showed it is very much biased . 
  it was always political so any fuss about it simply amusing . 
  well , we have a bit of a different system that ensures that the government can not replace judges at will , making a situation like you have currently ( pretty much ) impossible . 
  what is more concerning however is the change in the decision requirements . 
   power of word i guess . 
  if poles would know what you know , about f.e. 
  schultz being powerless , it all would be better for both of our nations . 
  well , schulz is an example of a person that is * not * powerless . 
  he is the head of the parliament after all . 
   ... which is decreasing every year . 
  poland is at the brink of demographic catastrophe . 
  or even past that already . 
  most of europe is on this brink , besides france and maybe the uk ( due to migration ) . 
  does n't change the fact that you are one of the larger states in europe . 
  germany is worse off than poland . 
   ... which seems to be hidden from public . 
  was n't poland the only country with consistent growth through the whole crisis ? 
   i see no politician that could lead us to that bright future , at least no one that would be still alive for more than 20 years from now on . 
  well , germany did not have a specific person that carried us into the current position either . 
  there was a vacuum of power and we filled it . 
  in case you are talking about censoring comments on social media : it is simply the company trying to comply with our laws . 
  yes , they can possibly be a bit too strict trying to compy at times , but that is not our fault . 
  generally speaking , the difference between a law-abiding and a law-violating statement is pretty clear-cut however . 
  if you are talking about the recent events with nye : what has been done was wrong but it was not about these laws . 
  well , that was n't the government but lower authorities and the police leadership . 
  something that needs fixing but it is still something that is not even remotely comparable to swapping out the heads of public media at your will . 
   who or what do you mean by that ? 
  i mean the constitutional court which is ( or at least should be ) a major political player in a democracy . 
  its illusory to believe that the office is not political . 
  i am ( after reading positions from many poles ) aware that po did things that were somewhat similar , however abrupt changes in the ( in our opinion ) wrong direction are alarming . 
  much more than a continuous change into that direction . 
   as for relations between our countries - believe it or not those are deteriorating for some time now and not thanks to kaczynski . 
  this does not mean that they could get worse under kaczynski again . 
  it is a fact that the relations were much better during the time where po held the government compared to the government before that . 
   germany ue mps . 
  quite funny because eu mps are concieved as powerless in our own country . 
   but with every stupid interview , during which german mps trying to even remotely suggest poland will be forced to do sth , that resentment comes back from the basement well , and we got somewhat pissed by the recent interviews some of your ministers gave . 
   you know `` third reich = eu '' . 
  i know we are the baddies in public opinion . 
  forcing a majority decision in the eu did n't help much there , especially considering polands connection in the v4 . 
   let 's hope for the best . 
  it 's the best we can do . 
   how on earth ? 
  it wo n't happen for itself , so who will lead us to that bright future ? 
  a large population , good prospects of growth , a strategic position . 
  of course you will have to fight for your place ( we wo n't concede power and influence willingly and neither will other eu countries ) . 
  ukraine was significantly behind russia even before the current issues arose . 
  they also rank abysmally low in the corruption index . 
  well , point me at an incident where someone was prosecuted for a statement that was critical of something ( government , immigration , whatever ) without calling for violence or blatalant racism . 
  france and denmark have not closed their borders , they have reintroduced border controls . 
  it is relatively easy for sweden to close its borders as they only have to control ferries and bridges . 
  for denmark , closing them completely would also be easy as the border is not exactly very long . 
  for a country of the size of germany or france , it becomes significantly more difficult . 
   that 's why support for right parties is increasing its not however . 
  in fact , it is currently lower than it was a month ago . 
  all polls see the afd at 8 % , which is high for german standards , but its been relatively constant at that level for months ( between 7-10 % ) . 
  and before someone raises that question : the polls i am talking about have been conducted * after * the incidents on new year 's eve . 
   sending back the troublemakers is one thing we should definitely do though . 
  and exactly this is what we * can not * do if the people in question come from syria or libya . 
  due to various reasons . 
  first of all , it is not legal .
