  qe should have happened years ago but germany did not want and we have been stuck in terrible economic growth since . 
  germany acted very selfish all through the past few years and it has let europe down a dangerous path . 
  its not up to germany to allow qe . 
  if it is allowed by the treaties of the ecb , they can do it , its up to them . 
  however , the ecb does not have the goal to generate growth in the eu like in the us . 
  it is their responsibility to ceep the currency stable , and thats why they implemented qe . 
   your government was lobbying for weaker regulation for exhaust fumes . 
  it will be merkel 's cabinet that was complicit in what vw did and there will be consequences . 
  they can actually lobby for whatever they want . 
  the uk has lobbied for limiting the regulations on the financial services . 
  did they get a hit after the crisis because of it ? 
  i dont think so . 
   nobody dares to make any predictions on what will happen if the uk leaves europe . 
  i 'm surprised you can already claim that it will not affect you . 
  actually a lot of people do . 
  especially considering the possible economic consequences for the uk . 
  lets see . 
  [ immigration by country in 2013 ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/157446/umfrage/hauptherkunftslaender-der-zuwanderer-nach-deutschland-2009/ ) by quota of high school graduates or higher : germany ( 28.5 % ) poland ( 36.1 % ) romania ( ? ), 
  italy ( 17.4 % ) bulgaria ( 45.9 % ) hungary ( 42.9 % ) total change : in 2000 , 41 % of migrants did * not * have a a vocational qualification and 23 % had graduated from high school or better . 
  in 2013 , we only had 32 % without a vocational qualification and 39 % with high school or higher . 
  [ source , german ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article146161359/noch-nie-waren-migranten-so-gut-gebildet-wie-heute.html ) i think that does n't look all that bad . 
  i was actually talking about the gdp per capita in ppp ( 45,888 vs. 39,511 ) . 
   before the recession we had a higher gdp per capita than germany and had done for many years . 
  between 2000 and 2007 . 
  actually there is mainly one thing that matters considering the gdp/capita - the future development of the value of the euro . 
   germany is a terrible leader for the thought process in the union . 
  thats why we always had the tandem ( ger/fra ) . 
  one party pushing through has never worked and never will . 
   but it should . 
  it 's ridiculous that countries like germany and austria keep employment regulations which are utterly unsustainable and expensive . 
  it might work for germany , but it 's utterly frustrating for being a business owner in a country like austria which has very much the same policies in place . 
  what regulations are you talking about ? 
  i dont think that the uk should serve as a role model in many areas , especially not education and health . 
   good for germany . 
  we 're suffering . 
  ( however if you look at germany in detail you can see that almost any larger business is frustrated about the sanctions ) of course its not pleasant for our economy . 
  austria suffering is actually not the point here - it was simply a counterargument to the article claiming that germany is ` weakened ' because we are hit so hard by the sanctions . 
   fucked up russia strategy how did we fuck it up ? 
   completely mismanagement of the european finances we for one did * not * mismanage our finances . 
   complete failure of immigration policies this is not about immigration but about asylum . 
   the largest car manufacturer scandal in europea this does not really weaken our government . 
   german public opinion is largely irrelevant for what the uk does normally . 
  however if the uk leave the union then germany will suffer from that the most and this will be a problem for merkel . 
  the predicted losses are actually neglectable for us . 
   its really not my job to figure this out . 
  its easy to complain and not have a solution . 
  the advantage of doing so is that you can complain even if there is no solution . 
   why doesnt * merkel remove the laws that grant these rights if they are unenforceable anyway ? 
  which rights are you talking about ? 
   also , if we cant enforce basic rights , doesnt that mean we should walk away from ttip entirely ? 
  ttip does not violate our fundamental rights . 
   because it opens us up to us claims , but we would evidently not be able to claim our rights against us interest anyway . 
  how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  they are struggling too much economy-wise and politically ( fn being a main reason ) to really act . 
  the eu migration is actually extremely high skilled . 
  higher than our native population . 
  over 60 % of french immigrants have graduated high school or a higher education . 
  yes . 
  actually i dont care whether it is france or the uk , but nobody is really playing its part currently . 
  not really . 
  housing in the big cities has always been rare . 
  the two groups are completely different markets for flats . 
  we had a lot of other immigration ( eu-internal migration mainly from the south ) which will almost certainly be a net gain . 
   if a country such as the uk wanted to become more involved in eu politics , germany 's position could weaken very quickly . 
  of course it could change . 
  and i for one would appreciate it if the uk became more active in the eu . 
  it prevents german hegemony . 
   you do n't have any friends in the south and now you are loosing friends in the east at record speed . 
  we 'll see whether the current dealing has much influence on the general relationship between our countries . 
  the eastern economies have strong links to the german one , i dont really expect our relationships to worsen a lot . 
  poland has interests that are fundamentally different to the uks . 
   germany only leads because uk is not interested in leading . . 
  i dont think you could bring germany into the position where it once was again ( staying in the second row ) , however of a return of the uk would weaken our hold on the eu . 
  but in the end all of this is irrelevant , there wont and cant be treaty changes against our will . 
   the uk is set to be the largest economy in europe by 2030 . 
  uhm nope ? 
  you gdp per capita is a wide margin below the german one and you wo n't overtake us in population until 2050 according to current predictions ( which not even include the large amount of migration towards germany ) . 
  how are you gon na accomplish that , especially within 15 years ? 
  yes , your gdp growth is higher than ours , however not in a level that would allow you to out-do us within 15 years . 
   if that 's arrogance then so be it , but britain first , eu second , especially as brits genuinely saw germany as leading the eu but totally failing at every big event that happens upon them . 
  the funny part is : some of these outcomes could have been prevented ( even though the german influence on the eu is widely overexaggerated ) if the uk started to participate in the eu again and not pussy out on its island . 
  it does not even mean that you have to give up anything or that you will have to participate in anything - just play your goddamn part as a counterweight to germany . 
  yes , the last half year was arguably not that good for our reputation in europe . 
  * however * the uk still has no possibilites to change the eu treaties * against * the will of germany . 
  and despite our failures in the refugee crises - most european nations still side with germany . 
  i 'm gon na ask you again : what should she have done in your opinion ? 
  `` defending the privacy '' and all this sounds good , however you have to have a realistic plan for it . 
  to my knowledge , there is none . 
  thats hella expensive for a frigate . 
  about twice the price of a fremm frigate , thrice the price of an absalon and about the price of the horzon class destroyers of france and italy . 
   `` i 'm convinced that we 're in an enormously strong position within europe today to dictate the way things move forward , '' but on what basis ? 
  the uk has mainly focused on internal politics over the last years . 
  where does the sudden improvement come from ? 
   is to deregulate , particularly within employment and health and safety legislation . 
  not gon na happen . 
   it 's suffering a potentially very large write-off from the greek debt . 
  we will likely see some kind of extending grace periods and maturities , no nominal debt cut . 
  given our current budget , we could cope with a full greece default without struggling really . 
   it has sanctions against russia , which is having a big impact on german business . 
  uhm .
