  additionally , the labor market reforms here happened shortly after the introduction of the euro and played their part in reaching the current , admittedly too high , surplus . 
   you 're a mercantilist state exporting unemployment to countries foolish enough to allow you to prey upon them , mistaking your moralistic disdain for debt for wisdom . 
  not really , no . 
  true . 
  but we are not responsible * for every fucking thing that happens in europe * . 
   russia , the only country that has done anything against jihadism holy shit , thats just bullshit . 
  there 's a bit more to that . 
  we in fact reformed our labor market before shit hit the fan . 
  plus we have always been a strong and successful exporting country - even during the times where we had our own currency . 
  and if it had to go by the wishes of southern europe , our currency would be worth shit . 
  it 's a good thing that it is independent . 
  relax . 
   i think that it is more likely in the medium term that the imbalance increases than decreases . 
  probably . 
  we will have to see how france develops following the next election . 
   personally i do n't think that changes much . 
  for the social democrats to be elected , they have to promise to be like the cdu/csu . 
  ( i think it is a bit like in the uk - the only way for labour to get elected is for them to be blairite - i.e. 
  soft tories . ), 
  i just can not see the german people electing a government that will do what is necessary to make the ez a success . 
  west germans already complain about sending money east . 
  wait until they are told that they have to send money south . 
  you are right , generally speaking . 
  but `` more flexibility '' , as southern europe demands , does n't cost us money . 
  at least not immediately . 
  at least not until everything collapses . 
  who knows , it might work . 
   for sure germany doesn \u00b4 t gets what they want . 
  especially not from the ezb . 
  and rightfully so . 
  the ecb is meant to be independent . 
   the long-term risk is that italy/france will just not agree with germany about what to do about the ez and that will just lead to permanent paralysis until eventually the voters can not take it any more and vote in a crazy . 
  we have managed to find agreements with france for decades . 
  the current problems are mainly caused by a significant imbalance of power between france and germany . 
  according to the polls , italy is on the verge of electing the five stars movement anyways . 
  there is n't even a need for worse relations with germany to accomplish this . 
   obviously , this is not an immediate risk or by any means a certainty . 
  but it is currently incredibly hard to imagine a long-term course for the ez which is robust both on a political level and an economic level . 
  it is also not said that germany will be governed by a conservative government forever . 
  if we elect a social democrat government at some point in the future , the relations could improve very rapidly . 
   unfortunately i expect this trend will continue . 
  germany is going to continue to outperform most of the rest of the eu economically and the resentment in other countries will likely continue to build . 
  well , the us had to put up with stuff of this kind ever since ww2 ended . 
  i do n't think that this will ever stop , but we are getting used to it . 
   italy is worth watching very closely . 
  it is incredible to witness the recent anti-eu and thinly veiled anti-german rhetoric coming from renzi - something that would have been unthinkable before the financial crisis . 
  ( i also notice that the below-the-line comments in italian newspapers/blogs are increasingly critical of germany . ), 
  i do not think that this is exactly worrisome . 
  italy has always been overlooked when it came to power in europe . 
  their voice does not bear a lot of weight compared to their population and economy . 
  it is only natural that they are striving to become one of the leading countries in the eu . 
  so far these countries have been germany , france and the uk . 
  nobody came close . 
  the uk leaving creates a certain vacuum of power and renzi would be more than happy if it was italy filling it . 
  ambitions of this kind were elevated when merkel invited italy to their meeting with france to give a statement about the consequences of brexit for the future of the european project . 
  and about anti-german rhetoric : this has mainly been focussed on opposition against the economic course of the ez which was , admittedly , heavily influenced by germany . 
  hollande actually said pretty much the same in his election campaign - only to find that he does n't have the power to really change that course until france does better on a domestic level . 
  the same is true for italy . 
  i for one would welcome it if italy was more active - it is n't good for the eu ( and neither for germany ) if we always get our way . 
  we are always there for you . 
  we are already the scapegoat for most other issues . 
  the sentence `` ceta is a backdoor version of ttip '' does n't even make sense . 
  please elaborate how you came to that conclusion . 
   and europe should start working on things like stay in 1 building and dont move between strassburg & br\u00fcssel thats just throwing out money ... there are many more small issues that should be solved before doing something like ceta . 
  that does n't make * any * sense at all . 
  just because we ca n't fix one problem does n't mean that we can not do other things in the meanwhile . 
  and by the way - the projected monetary benefits of ceta could pay for the weekly move between strasbourg and brussels quite easily . 
  why would they do that if they could hide behind their big neighbor one last time ? 
  it 's much easier if another country is the target of the public backlash . 
  same here . 
  in fact , most people here , even some of those that are opposed to it , still do n't really know what it is . 
  not really . 
  if anything , you could argue that it might be a backdoor for american companies . 
  but then , you could say that about pretty much any trade treaty there is . 
   they have a lot of military expenses because of threats coming from turkey and other europeans will not come to save greece if turkey attacks . 
  most of greeces spending is just a pointless arms race with turkey . 
  a race that they could never win . 
  they spent money on completely useless equipment ( like those giant amphibious ships from russia or leopard iis from germany without any ammunition ) . 
  your claim that europe would not defend greece in case of an attack from turkey is ridiculous . 
  a strong industry could help greece , but greek workers and greek unions have killed off every attempt of establishing industry in greece . 
   their flow of their economy is not decided in greece but in brussels and at wolfgang sch\u00e4uble 's office unfortunately . 
  yeah , sure . 
  keep ignoring that the euro group votes on the issue were unanimous . 
   of course corruption was a very common thing in greece before the crisis as everywhere else in europe . 
  most of europe does n't even come close to these levels of corruption . 
  do you realize that 4.7 % is still a reasonable debt service ratio ? 
  the only time in history where it was lower for your country were the first ten years of your euro membership , when you enjoyed interest rates close to germany even though it was n't justified based on the economic realities . 
  your debt service was even lower than the debt service of germany in this time . 
  there is potential for gdp growth even without the government picking up the tab . 
  where does the author get his data from ? 
   increased wage growth , from its recent 1 per cent a year rate , through fiscally induced increased demand is needed to produce this outcome . 
  german wages are growing by 2.3 % currently ( after 2.6 % annual growth in the recent quarter ) , way above most euro countries and way above most eu countries . 
  for a comparison : the wages in the eu are currently growing at 1.3 % , 0.9 % in the ez . 
  core inflation rate in germany is already at 1.22 % ( compared to 0.8 % in the ez ) and it will increase further if we continue with this wage growth ( and there is nothing in sight that would stop it ) . 
  admittedly , balancing out the disparity will take some time . 
  but honestly , nobody can expect us to put our economic wellbeing at stake by driving a policy of insane wage growth ( talking 5 % + ) . 
  if things continue this way , they will eventually balance out . 
  additionally , the value of the currency will go up once the ecb stops its qe programme and once the southern economies start to pick up . 
  making our exports less competitive and thus reducing our trade surplus . 
  it 's youth unemployment and it really sucks in a lot of countries .
