  as trump proves . 
   why ? 
  refugees themselves do n't want to be redistributed !, 
  it 's gon na be really hard to convince them . 
  i am not even talking about a scheme that would be proportional . 
  of course , germany would take much more than other countries ( relative to population and economy size ) . 
  i am aware that some eastern european countries do not have social care for their own people that would allow for a life with dignity , how could we expect them to provide this for refugees ? 
  we do not need to convince these people , we simply need to adjust the procedures and laws accordingly . 
  even without border controls , you can ` lock up ' people in a country . 
  if they do not stay at the place that they have been assigned , they will lose their right of monetary transfers , work permits , etc. 
  it would probably not be 100 % ish but pretty close . 
   agree - in short term . 
  do you think we 'll still have 1 million/year if they 'd know their best chance is greece ? 
  it will probably be less . 
  you would probably see more genuine refugees and less economic migrants ( economic migration to greece sounds almost like an oxymoron ) . 
  nevertheless i am convinced that it would still be too much for greece . 
  the case for relocation would remain . 
   and if we think a bit with realpolitik - germany will be full at one moment in time . 
  then what ? 
  to be completely honest , we are currently having the opposite problem . 
  little background : the states and districts are responsible for creating homes for refugees . 
  they are then reimbursed for every refugee they take in . 
  the situation currently is that they created lots of places and only a small share of it is used . 
  since they dont get money for no refugees however but still have to pay for the housing , they are a bit mad . 
  conclusion : our problem will be less the short-term housing ( we would probably be capable of taking in another million this year ) than the social issues . 
  it is impossible to deny that these numbers of refugees strain the cohesion of the society . 
  there is a maximum number of people we are able to integrate within a certain amount of time . 
  our problems are long-term , not short term . 
   what i 'm saying is that all countries between greece and germany will be in trouble unless they close their borders . 
  and it 's only a matter of time . 
  the domino effect . 
  if germany closes their border , it will create a domino effect . 
  the same is true for austria . 
  for that reason , starting at the end and skipping the domino is the best option in my opinion . 
  if we secure the outer borders , we can leave the internal borders opened . 
   so like any strategist what can we do when there is no winning solution ? 
  minimize losses !, 
  so yes , while i fully agree with you , sacrificing greece is the least shitty option - and i hope that everyone in eu will now contribute on easing their burden . 
  do you really believe that * everybody * in the eu will contribute ? 
  i am willing to bet that there will be countries refusing to do so . 
   if 50-100 people/day over the fence means problem ... 
  the other routes are not completely closed yet . 
  to me , it proves that it is not a complete solution and that it is vulnerable . 
  which is why i think things like the agreement with turkey are essential . 
  they can jump whatever fence they want if we can just send them back . 
   true , but it means the difference between 10 000 and 100 / day . 
  it will be a bit more than that . 
  -- -- -- sidenote : it is a shame that the monetary contributions for the surrounding area of syria are still so low . 
  i can agree with increasing spending on infrastructure . 
  because economic growth can only happen if you have proper infrastructure to back it up . 
  and investment in the countries hit by the crisis is certainly needed to kickstart their economy . 
  however , i sincerely doubt that investing more in germany would directly improve the situation of the countries hit the hardest . 
  greece has pretty much no export industry . 
  there simply are no products that we could buy ( apart from food ) . 
  if you are inside a currency union , internal devaluation , increase of productivity and reforms are the only ways to gain competitiveness . 
  you could argue that it might start a downwards spiral , but our wages are still much higher than in the countries that are now struggling . 
   yup - and not only in the arab world - as we know from reddit , germany `` invited '' the migrants : / the difference is that the people on reddit should be able to know better . 
   is n't it so that that germany is not obliged to take anyone in if it 's coming via a safe country ? 
  well , if you are simply judging by the written law , somewhat , yes . 
  but the issue is : we are not allowed to send back people to greece once they are here ( court order because greece is not capable of providing a humane treatment for the refugees ) . 
  since we can not leave them in a legal limbo , accepting them here is pretty much the only option . 
   the shit hit the fan here in august when an already quite unruly crowd heard that `` all syrians are welcome in germany '' . 
  the news was communicated so badly that hungarian authorities had troubles understanding it - that 's why a train was allowed to go the others were stopped which increased the chaos `` if they could go why ca n't we ? / germany wants us , why do n't you let us fuck you hungary '' it could have been communicated and organized much better , agreed . 
   this is the part where we start to disagree - there were two main solutions : redistribution ( germany ) and fortress europe ( v4 ) . 
  to my surprise , merkel chose to bulldoze her proposal through ( big mistake ) - because she thought everybody in eu ( except v4 ) will back her up . 
  well , i am with you on the issue with the bulldozing . 
  forcing a majority decision in the eu was ridiculously stupid and did a lot of harm . 
  i hope we will not see this repeated . 
  nevertheless , i think redistribution is still the best solution . 
  `` fortress europe '' would mean a lot of trouble for greece . 
  unlike the v4 countries , it is entirely impossible for them to secure their borders ( and even hungary is starting to face problems since the corridors are getting more and more narrow ) . 
  unless we want greece to end up as a giant refugee camp , we need some way to lift pressure off them . 
  of course , the main measure should be peace in syria , but this is only a long term goal . 
  but things like the agreement with turkey ( which is an essential piece in effectively securing europes borders ) will require refugee transfers into europe . 
  in my opinion , only a combination of the two policies will be successful in the end . 
  a relocation scheme does not make much sense if we are not able to reduce the numbers significantly and fortress europe does not make sense without taking in refugees nevertheless ( in much lower numbers however . 
  germany would probably take between 200-400k instead of a million ) . 
   as we learnt there are 22 hypocrite countries in europe i would rather say countries that are governed by cowards . 
  they act like it is none of their business because they know you can not really win something by touching this topic . 
  if we want to find a truly european solution ( which is what we should strive for ) , we must not let single countries take the lead . 
   also , it looks now that we like it or not the end game will be indeed fortress europe . 
  contrary to common belief , germany does not have that much of a problem with this . 
  we would prefer if we can choose the number and the people ourselves as well . 
  in my opinion , it is illusory to believe that `` fortress europe '' would equal `` no refugees in europe '' however . 
   p.s. 
  i do n't remember seeing your username around for the last 1-2 weeks ; welcome back . 
  thanks !, 
   germany has officially acknowledged multiple times to have let migrants knowingly transfer through germany to continue towards denmark/sweden without any type of registration required by the dublin agreements . 
  true , but afaik the recipient countries were ( atleast somewhat ) okay with it . 
  pretty much every country is guilty of this ( even denmark which allowed some people to travel through denmark to sweden or sweden which allowed travel to finland ) . 
   ditto the merkel 's agreement with austria to ship hundred of thousands to the german border . 
  obviously in this case you could argue that austria violated the dublin agreement . 
  its a grey-ish area . 
  the rules are made to ` protect ' the inner countries , if they agree with it , it can hardly be a violation . 
  dublin especially allows for a state to take over the resposibility for a refugee . 
   the preamble of the schengen treaty talks about the importance of trust for schengen to work . 
  actually it is n't . 
  it is simply talking about cooperation . 
   finally one can hide behind the fact that there has been no court ruling - but this does not make it right . 
  nullo actore , nullus iudex if nobody has a problem with it , there is no problem .
