  the message that you were overwhelmed was clear though . 
   cough , cough , v4 had alternate proposals since august last year . 
  but then muh solidarity was the popular song . 
  the proposal from the v4 was not really leadership , it meant unilateral action . 
   the polls did not realise that people would go out to vote in this referendum who did not usually bother to vote in general elections . 
  this is mainly a matter of choosing your people though . 
  german polling institutes do not really go mad in weighing certain groups like it happened in the us . 
  and even if you want to contest the general polling methods - they are able to show trends no matter what . 
  well , what do you mean by `` showing leadership '' ? 
  we tried that - with the relocation scheme - and failed . 
  what other options do we have ? 
  hungary wanted help - and we admitted the trains into germany . 
  and apart from that : nobody but us even made * attempts * of leadership . 
  dude , germany * is * central europe . 
  and no , the migration policies wo n't really do much in this regard . 
  alright , 
  well , cdu is still center-right and the fdp is n't really `` rightwing '' - they still have a social-liberal fraction inside their party and their policy proposals are only `` righwing '' when you talk about the economic policies . 
  the afd is the only `` rightwing '' party in germany at the moment imo . 
   should in 10 years afd get 55 % of vote , who is gon na stop them ? 
  the constitutional court and the second chamber of the parliament . 
  apart from that - it is entirely unprecedented in our history that a party got that many votes . 
   merkel ignored dublin accord and did whatever she wanted . 
  merkels acting was actually in accordance with dublin . 
  please educate yourself before talking nonsense . 
   you article of constitution is worth nothing . 
  dublin is actually not related in any way to our constitution ? 
   at best some bleeding hearts will sue , and in 10 years some court will tell them they were right and grant 1 euro in damages this is not even remotely how it works . 
   merkel by ignoring dublin has proven once again that courts have no power over executive branch of government . 
  no court has ruled here . 
  and it also was n't due . 
  you simply do not understand anything about this situation . 
  -- tl ; dr you are talking shit about a topic that you do n't understand/have limited knowledge on . 
  that 's not what `` media told us '' , that is what representative polling showed . 
  and judging by the general mood in the country at that time , this was accurate . 
  i am not an uncriticla supporter and i do not believe that any involvement of member states prevents eu responsibility . 
  it is just that you picked one of the topics where the eu itself has little say and where the member states dominate the policy and decision making . 
  another issue of this kind would be the split seat of the parliament : only france is responsible for this , not the eu . 
  what can the eu be held responsible for ? 
  most of the stuff related to the parliament . 
  not being tough enough on member states where the eu has the power to do so - take the emission tests in germany for example . 
  failures of the commissioners to make good policy . 
  the commission does not really have another choice here - the policy was set by the member states . 
  mainly because they are the ones contributing the money . 
  the ecb mandate is set by the member governments , the eu itself can not change it . 
  i can only talk about germany . 
  and this article is about germany if i see this correctly . 
  i think it is not fair to hold the eu accountable for things that they simply do not have the power to change . 
  and the eurogroup is powerful , agreed . 
  but since you would need the participating governments and even some of the national parliaments for such a treaty change considering the euro , i do not think it 's appropriate to call this an eu issue . 
  actually , orban asked for it . 
  the duplicate rule is n't limited to the same article . 
  the ecb stuck to its mandate . 
  the euro group is only informal . 
  the commission covers all eu states and not just the ez . 
  just use the search function . 
  we had several articles about this issue today already . 
  we will . 
  removed . 
  it 's an ap article though . 
  removed . 
  actually i disagree on that . 
  the eu has competences where it can be at fault - this is not one of them . 
  this is not the fault of the eu - this is the fault of all ez member states . 
  removed . 
  sorry , but you are delusional . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i can guarantee you that the afd would have no possibility to touch this . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  it would likely be a violation of human and fundamental rights . 
  not possible . 
  the wording is clear . 
  removed . 
  removed . 
  there is a significant amount of conditions that would need to be met . 
  and it would also only apply to new arrivals , we ca n't send those that have already been granted asylum away . 
  nope . 
  even the afd would not be able to alter art . 
  1 of our constitution . 
  judging by the forum and the video in general , i am not really surprised by that . 
  what about inviting some neutral experts on the issue ? 
  what about not engaging in fearmongering starting in the fucking title ? 
  `` nobody knows that he signed a secret trade deal '' - come on . 
  eveybody and their mother knows about ceta at this point and the texts have been published for an eternity . 
  that 's considering deportations from greece . 
  and the money does n't go to turkey by the way - it does go to the refugee camps in turkey , which is in our own interest . 
  that 's the most one-sided , fearmongering , piece on ceta i have ever seen . 
   you just said someone can be prosecuted because someone else feels insulted . 
  that is totally ridiculus . 
  not really . 
  in other countries , you will sue people talking shit about you . 
  this does n't really happen here , we took the criminal approach . 
  and it is not subjective , it is not about `` feeling '' insulted , it is about * being * insulted . 
  in a severe matter . 
   obviously there are situations like inciting violence , or harassment or threatening that are crimes in their own right but this article is about germany wanting to censor what it considers `` fake news '' . 
  well , we are not doing that so far . 
   this is limiting freedom of the press and freedom of speech . 
  not really , no . 
  i do not think so . 
  most articles were focussed on how the flows were overwhelming local authorities anyways . 
  it was taken by many different newspapers though , albeit not as frequently as claimed .
