  she probably thinks that she has less to gain than to lose here . 
  people will not stop voting for her because she didnt open the marriage for all , but some people might stop voting for her because she did . 
  also , she does not follow the majority in every area . 
  a lot of the eu-related stuff merkel does is not in accordance with the public opinion . 
  at least it was something i was able to understand with my limited knowledge of the french lanaguage . 
  i am still mad at my former self for not paying attention in french class - . -, 
  i usually encounter russians in online games . 
  i 've encountered a few frenchmen in counterstrike . 
  was a lot of `` ta m\u00e8re la pute '' going on in that game . 
  vocabulary/word pool , yes . 
  the media has pretty much been pro-gaymarriage for years . 
  i do not think that such a campaign would be successful . 
  merkel is pretty much aware that the majority of the population and even a majority in her ( conservative ) party is advocating the marriage for all . 
  nevertheless , she has approval ratings of over 70 % amongst the whole population , a campaign would not really change that . 
  waiting for the courts to ` solve ' it might be cheap and cowardly , however from merkels perspective it is actually advantageous for her as she wouldnt need to alienate possible voters by her decision . 
  of course . 
  i do not have the slightest problem with / u/dclauzel writing in french and english . 
  just for me , it feels really strange writing in german . 
  i dont see merkel giving in to the ` pressure ' . 
  i doubt that it will affect her that much . 
  the likely outcome will be the same as in the us : it will eventually be legalized by the constitutional court . 
  well at least you know english , this should be enough to get along in pretty much any part of the western world . 
  i pity the people who failed to learn english / did n't learn it at all . 
  it would be a huge gamble for draghi . 
  however , we luckily do not have to decide on that , we will see how it turns out . 
  this picture could have been taken at the atm of my local university . 
  guess we have a severe case of bank run . 
  in all seriousness - people getting the last money out of the atms is not exactly worrisome . 
  usually , there is not more than 100-200 .000 $ in an atm . 
  it will run out quite quickly . 
  i do not know how many atms there are in greece however . 
  i am actually so pissed that i didnt pay much attention in french class . 
  what a shame . 
  do you really think the ecb would accept greek bonds as securities if the greek government failed to honor an imf payment ? 
  i certainly have my doubts on that . 
  true . 
  we only know one thing : if it is going to happen , it wont be anything that could remotely be described as ` smooth ' . 
  well , i 'm not playing that much anymore ( real life obligations , university , / r/europe & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232  , so it does not really affect my anymore . 
  i can also somewhat understand them , they are not as fluid in english as i am , it surely is exhausting to keep communicating in english if it means that you have to re-think everything twice . 
  well , ious are basically nothing but a substitute for a new currency . 
  the amount of time needed for the introduction of a new currency depends on the preparation work of your government . 
  if they already printed new bills , it is just a matter of days . 
  if they didnt - well it might take some time . 
  it is also pretty complicated to ` deal ' with the euros still flowing around in cash . 
  i do not remember any case where someone left a joint currency without that currency crashing alltogether . 
  the introduction of the euro had 10 years of preparation , in a ` normal ' case , it takes 12 to 18 months to completely switch to another currency ( claims a euro-bill printing firm in munich ) . 
  i dont know . 
  it just felt really shitty . 
  the problem is - if someone is addressing you in your own language , it feels totally awkward answering in a different language and it results in the first person being totally confused . 
  you certainly can try to tell your mates to talk in english , however if they switch to german every 10 minutes , it gets annoying . 
  it would n't be surprising to me . 
  in reality you can not . 
  greeces banking system is only being held afloat by the ecb because greece did not default yet . 
  if greece defaulted , it would be cut off monetary supplies and would thus be forced to introduce a new currency itself . 
  i think it is some kind of reaction from feeling bad about people writing/speaking german in a multilingual/english environment . 
  i played quite a bit of multiplayer games with people from various nations and i always felt really embarrassed when someone started talking in german to me while people that did not understand this language were sitting in the same teamspeak channel . 
  we just use ` cool ' . 
  our language pool is not exactly filled with words of this kind . 
  * i have to admit , i really like the word `` wortschatz '' , which means `` language pool '' or `` word pool '' but directly translates to `` word treasure '' . 
  i actually just feel dirty using german on the internet . 
  writing with german friends , fine , but not in public . 
  germany is not the addressee of the referendum . 
  if the greek citizens deny their government this mandate , it effectively means that there will be no agreement at all and that greece will de facto have to introduce a new currency as it wont be able to pay their people anymore otherwise . 
  not exactly . 
  the elas have to be backed , currently the ecb allows greek state bonds to serve as a backing . 
  in case of a non-payment to the imf , they couldnt do that anymore , effecitvely limiting elas to a level that is way too low to keep the greek banks afloat . 
  well there have been some germans doing it , but only to mock this bilingualism . 
  surprise bank holiday ? 
  if greece misses the imf payment , the ecb will likely not be allowed to issue elas to greek banks anymore ( issuing elas in greeces current state is already borderline questionable ) . 
  meaning that greece will simply run out of euros . 
  actually that is a pretty smart move from syriza . 
  they will be able to say : it was not us , it was * you * who accepted further austerity measures . 
  accepting the creditors proposal through referendum seems more benefitial for syriza than the creditors accepting syrizas proposal . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if the tradeoff for accepting a delay on the payment would be the introduction of severe capital transfer limitations . 
  this however is not possible . 
  no matter what syriza says , if this referendum fails , the euro will be pretty much gone for greece . 
  also check my edit on the previous post . 
  isnt that pretty much the same at this point ? 
  also , what kind of austerity ? 
  both the greek proposal and the creditors proposal qualify as ` austerity ' . 
  i wonder what the imf has to say about this . 
  i really really hope this is happening in some kind of coordination with the imf , otherwise we will have a default on thursday . 
  this however is just a calculation of the imf , i do not see any statement that indicates that the imf wants to give 50 billion euros to greece . 
  how does that contradict what i said ? 
  they need money , that is all . 
  if they can not pay the imf loan , they will be in default , no matter the reasoning , no matter who is profiting , no matter who is losing , no matter where the bailout money went . 
  what ? 
  well , maybe not totally . 
  i said that would be the ` right ' procedure to ask the people , however this is not feasible as the damage of this would be too high . 
  this is what i said ? 
  uh what ? 
  in what context do they mention 50 billion ? 
  this is not possible , i am afraid . 
  if greece defaults to the imf , the ecb has to stop granting elas immediately . 
  as a result , everything will go down the drain . 
  after a possible election , either a party will have a mandate to give in to the troikas proposal ( in which case there would already be a need for a new proposal as none of the targets will be hit after being in default mode for two months ) or there will be no majority for accepting further measures by the troika which means staying in default . 
  while i respect that it would be due to ask the citizens as they voted for syriza for the opposite reason , it would simply lead to a disaster at the moment to do so . 
  also , syriza should have noticed that they probably wont be able to get an agreement on their terms over a month ago , they had time to call for reelections , but they did not . 
  unfortunately there is no way . 
  the only way that decisions can be made immediately is in a perfect absolute monarchy ( which is obviously an utopia ) .
