  good bye '' and leave ? 
  thats why we can force people to leave , we can literally force them to board a plane . 
   and if eveyone from syria is getting accepted what is holding back all the africans from doing the same ? 
  the lack of valid asylum claims maybe ? 
  and why do you feel you had to reply to my post with this video ( which i had already seen by the way ) ? 
  it gives zero contribution to the discussion . 
  there has never been a case where a whole country 's population left . 
  many refugees are staying in the neighboring countries of syria , waiting to return at some point . 
  the way to europe is still dangerous and not doable for many people . 
  with a reliability of 95.5 % the results of the polls are accurate ( + - 2 % on the results ) . 
  i 'd say that it is a pretty good way to say what the whole country wants . 
  they even split the votes on the states to guarantee representation of all areas . 
  it has been confirmed by multiple polls , and even if you add +2 % on the side against and take 2 % from the pro-side , you still have a majority in favor of refugees . 
   1 - what poll ? 
  just in adavance i do n't care about some poll from zdf or ard where only some 1000 people are getting asked . 
  then i feel sorry for you . 
  there is likely no polling system that is more representative than the one used in these polls . 
  if you say 1000 people are not representative , you are ignoring mathematics and the fact that these polls have been pretty accurate in calculating election results despite the same number of people being polled . 
  show me a poll that says otherwise . 
  and please dont come with some ridiculous ntv poll , these are not representative ( they even say that below their polls ) . 
   2 - you ca n't just go around in east germany and tell those small towns that they have to provide shelter for like 20 % of their towns population and let them pay for everything . 
  no city has taken in 20 % of their population in refugees . 
  far from that . 
  the money spent for refugees is laughable , we have a surplus of 21 billion euros in the first half of this year . 
   what is going to happen if it gets cold in the winter ? 
  will they freeze to death in their tents ? 
  most refugees in germany are * not * housed in tents . 
  and those who are will be resettled into former barracks and other buildings until the winter  the refugees are just getting dumped there without asking about the important question like shelter and necessary supply . 
  uhm ... no ? 
   in addition to that it have to say that it wo n't be helpful to put those refugees into areas where even the people already living there have trouble finding a job thats why the refugees are not concentrated on any area . 
  this is not meant to be the place for them to stay forever , but currently they are just looking where they find capacities to accomodate the people . 
   now merkel simply forces us to take 1 million refugees without asking ? 
  we are not taking one million refugees . 
  far from that . 
  even if we hit 800,000 , we will probably accept around 350,000 people . 
  that is not even 0.5 % of our population . 
   thats not how democracy should be . 
  people have a tendency to be overly against granting humanitarian aid . 
  many germans have been refugees in other countries during ww2 , many germans have been refugees inside their own country after ww2 ( talking about people from the former eastern territories ) . 
  there is no basic democratic element in granting aid actually . 
  if the government thinks these numbers are bearable ( which they are , unless this keeps going on on the same level for years ) , they have the mandate to do so . 
   3 - thats exactly what i meant . 
  of course some of those people are full of shit , but not everyone who is n't excessively welcoming the refugees is . 
  i did not say anything else . 
   4 - i know . 
  but to press ahead on that matter is n't helpful in my opinion . 
  if germany already knows what they are going to do while they are searching for a european answer why should they bother and listen to other opinions ? 
  pressing ahead is actually nothing but an act of humanity towards war refugees . 
  keep in mind that they only suspended basel for the syrians , not for everybody . 
  it is uncontested that the conditions for refugees in greece or italy are inhumane . 
  what is your issue ? 
  they also reject the arbitration result ( den haag i believe ) that demands them to pay 50 billion dollars in compensation to the former yukos owners . 
  macedonia is actually # 7 in the country of origin ranking for asylum requests to germany . 
  asylum seekers can apply for citizenship after 6 years . 
  since syria wont be safe for years to come ( likely ) this is the most likely scenario . 
  turns out that privatization is not as bad as many people think . 
  afaik russia does n't recognize the itlos . 
  that is not what i am saying . 
  nobody is talking about lack of running water or electricity serving as a reason for refugee status . 
  however , the europeans themselves have a certain standard in dealing with human beings , and this standard is not met . 
  this is also recognized by many european courts who dont even bother to deport back to greece due to inhumane treatment of refugees . 
  this offer only applies to syrians . 
   in fact many germans don ' wo n't them , but the politcians do n't care ( as always ) . 
  polls say something different . 
   nobody asked us !, 
  why should they ? 
  we are a representative democracy for good reason . 
   if they are not allowed to speak for themselves they are , but they usually just bring nonsense arguments to the table and are not even interested in a discussion about it . 
   why do n't they first meet and talk with all the other eu countries ? 
  thats what they do ? 
  the problem is that there is no european consense on the issue . 
  as i said , greece lacks the funding to improve these conditions . 
  refugees are not greeces # 1 priority i 'm afraid . 
  and i would call running water and electricity basic human needs . 
  hell , we live in a time where even internet is considered a basic human need . 
  food support is suboptimal at best . 
  security ... well . 
  hell , these guys * are * genuine refugees . 
  i dont think a refugee can get much more genuine than a refugee from syria . 
  still not required to get on a flight or enter a schengen country as far as i am concerned . 
  i think you fail to see that there are shelters in greece that lack even the most basic human needs . 
  like running water or sanitary facilities for example . 
  or electricity . 
  the authorities are ovewhelmed by the numbers of refugees , they fail to support everybody with documents and their other needs . 
  and given the financial situation in athens , this will likel not change for the better in the forseeable future , quite the contrary . 
  where do you have to show your id in pan-european flights ? 
  i was never forced to do so , unless we are talking about the uk here . 
  fleeing inhumane treatment of refugees in greece and italy does not make a person an economic refugee . 
  refugees are still people , they deserve conditions better than that . 
  where is germany ? 
  other sources predict a decline much sharper . 
  unterkunft = shelter/accomodation fl\u00fcchtlingsunterkunft = home for refugees, 
  what the hell is your issue ? 
  suspending dublin for syrians is * not * an invitation for everybody to come , it is an act of humanity towards people fleeing civil war . 
  there are * no * millions of syrians coming to europe . 
  the definition of an economic migrant is a person fleeing poverty in its own country to a richer country . 
  not a guy that flees war or prosecution . 
  your article doesnt report it correctly . 
  they are * not * suspending dublin alltogether , they are just suspending the dublin rules for syrian refugees . 
  there is a difference between not deporting syrians and not deporting anybody .
