  it is a lame excuse since the reason has always been on our side , not on our partners . 
  we did n't spend because we did n't need to , not because of the geopolitical consequences . 
  and the connection to austerity - i fundamentally disagree . 
  austerity negatively affects the lives of many ( i still do n't think that austerity is necessarily bad ) , a well-equipped german army does n't . 
  source for the wmd claim ? 
  you see , this statement of yours only proves that you do n't have a clue . 
  the broomstick issue - the vehicle in question was a command vehicle that was n't meant to carry a board weapon . 
  its guard vehicles were armed by the way . 
  and the jets - that 's germany for you . 
  the planes are not actually broken , but they are considered `` not fit for service '' even if it is a minor issue like an outdated software for the board systems . 
  there are issues , but they are nowhere as bad as people make them seem . 
  the general populace will disagree with you on that . 
  as will the politicians who see a tax decrease as a better way to please voters than an army buildup . 
  the 2 % target is artificial , it is just a number . 
  the point is having a capable defense force . 
  but since you ca n't put `` capable defence forces '' as a requirement ( since that is open to interpretation ) , people went with 2 % . 
  not necessary . 
  if we further integrate our armies , even 1.5 % would be enough without additional spending on other armies . 
  simply because of the positive effects of the elimination of mirrored capabilities in every state . 
  an integrated eu army spending 1.5 % of the eu gdp would be significantly more powerful than the single eu countries each spending 2 % on their armies without integration . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  targets and actual measures are two pairs of shoes . 
  it is n't the chancellor alone that can decide on this . 
  our fundamental law allows for around 10 bn of additional debt per year , reaching 2 % would require at least 30 bn . 
  annually . 
  this would mean that we have to find 10-20 bn . 
  somewhere ( taking the recent surplus into account ) . 
  not even talking about the predicted 8 bn . 
  gap predicted for the 2018 budget or the promised tax decreases . 
  the bundestag , and it is the parliament that will vote on the budget in the end , will never approve a vast increase in military spending if it comes at the cost of other areas . 
  yes , i am confident that it would n't change much . 
  because we are not using it and we will not go back to issuing military threats either . 
  additionally , we have the mentioned interconnection of our forces with the armies of our neighbors . 
  and no , our government does n't use that excuse any more . 
  we simply lived off a peace dividend for the last two decades . 
  and given the reunification ( which cost around two trillion euros ) we certainly had better ways to spend the money . 
  additionally , a military buildup immediately after the reunification would have filled our neighbors with unease . 
  the quote `` i love germany so much i 'd rather have two of them '' was n't spoken without any background . 
  they had some really decent pieces of journalism recently . 
  this reliance would n't change . 
  because our intelligence agencies are legally prohibited to collect data of germans , they can only get this data `` second hand '' . 
  this also is n't military budget . 
  i honestly do n't expect this to happen . 
  at least not in the next decade , no matter how hard we try . 
  you can not simply go and double your spending , this has to be steady progress . 
  we 're currently at 1.2 % , i think 1.5 % would be a reasonable target for the next time ( especially considering that we neither maintain a large naval force like you or france and that we do n't have any nukes ) . 
  this would mean above 10 bn . 
  increase for the annual spending . 
  that 's actually nothing but a lame excuse . 
  even poland would not have a problem with that . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  and yes , we would have the biggest military budget by quite a margin . 
  oh alright . 
  i think it was during the recent deal with poland where there were suggestions that it could involve french subs for norway being built in poland . 
  212a huh ? 
  essentially : if we ca n't get an eu army , we will attempt to create one on our own . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  sounds good to me . 
  i wonder how this nor-ger sub flotilla will work given that norway was predicted to switch from german to french subs . 
  the [ nordic cross ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_cross_flag ) which all nordic countries besides greenland have in their flag represents christianity . 
  germany thought about adopting it as its flag after world war two , but we decided otherwise . 
  this goes both ways however . 
  thanks !, 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  schulz could do the internal affairs and merkel the outside affaris . 
  like a super-minister of foreign affairs . 
  it 's what she does most of the time anyways . 
  you mean a trade surplus with the u.k. and no , you are likely overestimating the impact . 
  a very large part of our exports are cars , but the u.k. doesnt have an independent car manufacturing industry ( their factories are reliant on imports ) and they do not have an fta with any major car manufacturing country on earth . 
  you are also wrongly assuming that we would `` lose half a trillion in trade '' with the u.k. - not going to happen . 
  not even wto rules would cause this to happen . 
  not really . 
  you can not compare nominal values without considering the bigger picture . 
  reliance of the u.k. exporting industry on the eu market is much bigger than it is the case vice versa . 
  while the u.k. might shift its focus on the rest of the world , this take time ... quite a lot of it actually . 
  finding new markets is harder than finding new suppliers . 
  that said , a trade agreement is in the interest of both sides , but the u.k. has more to lose here than the eu ( relatively speaking ) . 
  for the u.k. , 273 bn . 
  is around 10 % of their gdp , 420 bn . 
  is around 5 % for the reu . 
  it is n't as simple as that . 
  well , we will always care more about the big players than about smaller/less relevant countries ( unless you totally fuck up like greece did ) . 
  that 's just how things are . 
  realpolitik you could say . 
  why not several polls ? 
  yes of course , but the v4 account for like 2/3 of eastern europe in terms of population and gdp . 
  i think the decision between mekel and schulz mainly affects the v4 , the rest of ee not as much . 
  yes . 
  look at the recent comments from poland about merkel and consider their damaged relationship with schulz . 
  i was actually thinking about something along these lines . 
  the reason for us banning archive.is is that it can be used to circumvent subreddit rules on banned domains without us noticing . 
  yeah , we have pretty decent options compared to most other counties . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i think it depends . 
  to heal the north-south divide : schulz . 
  for the brexit negotiations : either one , but merkel is probably better . 
  for the relation between eastern and western europe : merkel . 
  for solving the flaws of the eu : possibly schulz .
