thank you !, 
  since it is gon na be released in the uk today , i 'll see if i can find a stream or something of it . 
   any specific landmarks and monuments that should erect in the new city ? 
  yay , we will finally have buildings that we can print on our bills !, 
  and to be honest , i would place the capital somewhere in switzerland to prevent any ( sub - ) national bias . 
  i for myself do not give a damn where it would be placed , but every location will piss someone off ( especially if it is in germany ) . 
  or just keep brussels and get rid of strasbourg ( sorry france ) . 
  op clearly said that it doesnt include russia . 
  so the czech republic sounds about right . 
  fair enough . 
  while it is certainly ( extremely ) biased , i find it interesting that people take all the effort to create such a video . 
  nobody really knows what would happen if certain measures were enforced , unfortunately this does not really give an answer as it is only highlighting the worst case scenario combined with one-sided bias . 
  even though i might be inclined to agree that some of the outcomes are what i expect for a ukip win , it is really unfortunate that the report is not more focussed on highlighting both sides ( and im saying that being against ukip ) . 
  i think there is like one political extreme area in germany , which is a village that has about 85 inhabitants and a nazi major . 
  this is it . 
  ressentiments against americans might be more widespread in eastern germany , but it is far from a politically extreme area . 
  since the rates always somewhat correlated with how well the piigs were doing , i would argue that it is the latter . 
  happens . 
  the german bad bank hre ` found ' 55 billion euros that they ` lost ' earlier by miscalculating . 
  could literally have been a delivery to the wrong adress and everybody forgot about it . 
  money . 
  the unemployment benefits in germany plus child benefits exceed the average wage in the balkans by a large margin . 
  they are pretty much the definition of economic migrants . 
   i do n't think this website would like to see headlines such as `` pegida demonstrations see shrinking attendance despite refugee crisis '' . 
  it will simply be relabelled to fit the narrative . 
  like the opinion poll on merkel : `` merkels popularity down to 63 % due to refugee crisis '' - a number that was deemed an all-time high just one year ago and that is significantly above any other heads of states in europe . 
  not the case parent was talking about , however [ this article ] ( http://www.zeit.de/feature/fluechtlinge-in-deutschland-abschiebung-fluege-gesetze ) gives a lot of numbers and facts about the issue . 
  it is in german , but i know you are capable of reading my language . 
  edit : it seems they also have an [ english version ] ( http://zeit.de/feature/refugees-in-germany-deportation-flights-laws ) of that article , for anyone interested . 
  well . 
  fair enough . 
  reading the comment section ( i dont even know why i keep going there on news sites ) of that site left me in confusion . 
  are people actually this retarded ? 
  do you have any reasonable argument that speaks against what i wrote ? 
  then please be quiet . 
  who 's next ? 
   print the damn cash through the ecb . 
  this is n't a difficult answer . 
  since the money exists in digital numbers , the money is a part of the total wealth of the economy . 
  printing cash to represent it as physical property would n't hurt anyone if the corresponding accounts were deleted promptly as a result . 
  actually it is . 
   i disagree [ 1 ] the nuremberg trials were not held under our jurisdiction . 
   you have no understanding of corporate structure or are joking . 
  enlighten me then . 
   the rally , attended by tens of thousands of ordinary germans , men , women and children -- accompanied by a smattering of other european nationalities -- filled the entire city centre , but news of this possibly biggest ever public opposition to angela merkel 's treasonous policies was covered in a highly negative fashion by some german media , and completely ignored by media outside of that country . 
  stopped reading there . 
  no , they were not even ten thousand . 
  even further away from `` tens of thousands '' . 
  the city centre of dresden is capable of having more than a few thousand people . 
  and no , it is not the `` biggest ever '' public opposition . 
  they were at over 20k people one year ago . 
  of course it is covered negatively . 
  simply because these people are retards that are not interested in any civil discussion . 
  this is not a rally that is critical of immigration , they just skip that and go straight to xenophobia and conspiracy theories . 
  why should foreign media cover a demonstration that is held almost every week ? 
  its not very newsworthy . 
   good . 
  they should have been liquidated last time . 
  an organisation this willfully incompetent should not be allowed to continue operations , and they definitely should n't be the people who hold the keys to everyones ' savings . 
  just pay out the savings , direct , to people who run accounts , tell them `` sorry , bank 's closed , here 's the contents of your account , figure it out from here '' you should very much know that the liquid assets of any given bank are not sufficient to pay back all people at once . 
   if we ca n't find legal basis , make it . 
  you can not convict people based on laws that did not exist when they ` commited ' the action in question . 
  at least not in germany . 
   office drones are not responsible for this any more than the wehrmacht was responsible for their marching orders . 
  we can hold leadership responsible , whose earnings you seem to grossly underestimate , and still collect everything owed to the eu taxpayer - no problem . 
  then we are at the shareholders , not ` the bankers ' . 
  and sorry to disappoint you , there are no anonymous people making big money behind that banks . 
  look at the structure of [ shareholders of the commerzbank ] ( https://www.commerzbank.de/media/en/aktionaere/aktie/aktionaesstruktur_twocolvisual.png ) for example . 
  you see that half of them are institutional investors . 
  you have a whopping 25 % of people that might or might not qualify as `` evil '' in your book . 
  you are not going to strip the funds from pension funds , are you ? 
   right , directly , but greece could never move an asset abroad again - ever - from that point on . 
  what 's more , who 's going to stop anyone taking what they want ? 
  they 'll just drag them to an international court and force the sale of domestic assets on them legally , and if greece wo n't comply , they 'll do it by force . 
  they would have to run a balanced budget anyways and be forced into autarky . 
  it is also cheaper on a financial level . 
  if they are rejected , they have some grace period to leave germany , during which they will recieve government benefits . 
  getting them to leave immediately is only benefitial that way . 
   seize every computer , every chair , every desk , every piece of paper , every office building , every filing cabinet , every last piece of property they own and sell it all off and repay europe . 
  this would be equal to stripping the people of their savings . 
  a bank cant work without these things . 
   but of course , first i would start with seizing the personal assets of every board member , executive and people in any kind of managerial position and sell those . 
  their houses , estates , their cars , down to their fucking clothes they 're wearing nice legal basis you got there . 
   we 'll find more than enough money lining the personal pockets of the people making millions on the misery of the poor and middle class . 
  you overestimate how much money bankers in germany are earning . 
   no , i 'm not joking - that is in fact what happens to states that are in default . 
  all that could be seized are foreign assets . 
  the stuff in the fund is in greece though . 
   uh , what ? 
  if they get rejected for asylum they have to leave . 
  are you suggesting we give a financial incentive for not breaking the law ? 
  yes . 
  because it is cheaper for us . 
  we also gave monetary incentitives to the bosnians after the war in the balkans ended . 
  the government does . 
  it is cheaper for us than having them stay here . 
  they will have their fingerprints and photos taken . 
  which allows us to quickly check their status . 
  this has n't worked in the past and wont work now . 
  states are ridiculously ineffective in running these businesses .
