  a country should be capable of seeing the long term effects of eu policies and vote based on this . 
  it was n't especially a surprise that a popular migration destination like the uk would see a large influx of people when it signed up to this free movement thingy . 
  they also agreed to allowing the free movement of the new states . 
  as you know , the eu is based on the principle of the ` ever closer union ' and not the ` sometimes closer sometimes looser union ' . 
  yes , the eu is based on the principle of subsidiarity , but this does n't apply to the free movement . 
  the ` union of two speeds ' that is currently developing might have something to offer to you in this direction . 
   but , if you are opposed to that idea then instead the power should be with the eu parliament to decide when a country can opt out . 
  in this case , you could aswell do it by majority decisions in the council . 
  the problem is that you are overruling countries , no matter what . 
  you have seen where this leads in the recent migration scheme that germany forced through . 
  it simply destroys relationships and gives no benefit . 
   what you have now is a system where power is n't held at either level , national or european , but instead resides in a bunch of paper for which there has to be unanimity to edit . 
  well , admittedly it was never designed to deal with 28 states . 
  shifting the power to the parliament however is not a solution , at least not short term . 
  apart from that : is n't your country one of the main opponents of strengthening the parliament ? 
  not really . 
  if you make opt-outs possible on all issues at any given point , you will see countries opting out exactly at the point where it stops being benefitial for them . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  you are either in or out , there are no in-betweens . 
   i think it would be easier for india to deal with the uk than deal with entire eu . 
  possible . 
  on the other side , it is also possible that you might have a better hand in some areas due to the size and importance of the eu . 
  its just speculation . 
  the question is whether the problem lies with the eu or india . 
  if india is not willing to make concessions in the ip area , a uk-india fta would be doomed aswell , do n't you think ? 
   to call germany isolationist after germany did not get involved in libia . 
  it would at least make more sense to do that . 
  we try to refrain from any military engagement possible . 
  maybe the term ` isolationalist ' was a bit misguided here . 
  no matter the actual outcome and reasoning - my initial point was that the uk is willing to block and modify legislation that is negatively affecting its economy ( or democracy ) . 
  and this is confirmed by this action , do n't you think ? 
  this is not even necessarily bad or wrong from their side , but it is one of the areas the uk chooses to act differently . 
  i simply used it as an example for why countries like poland are very reluctant to agree to reforms in the eu agricultural policy . 
   clear-cut you say ? 
  the only court which could deal with any issues with the constitutional tribunal is the constitutional tribunal themselves dominated by judges loyal to po . 
  quite of the few judges were appreciated by pis before the recent turn of events . 
   there is a significant difference between the constitutional tribunal checking regulations against not complying with the constitution and the opposition dominated constitutional tribunal judging regulations against not complying with the opposition interest . 
  proof that they are doing so ? 
   maybe the constitution is the root of the problem here but neither does pis do any work on constitution nor have they the supermajority in lower parliament chamber required to make any such amendments . 
  the discussion about the constitution is thus irrelevant . 
  since it is in the interest of both parties , or more relevant , the country , i do n't think it is irrelevant . 
  is is really impossible that the parties work together for the benefit of the country ? 
   i 'm not saying that you ca n't accomplish anything without ftas , but obviously they are one of the most important tools for international trade which the uk does not have while it is in the eu . 
  there is a trade agreement with india in work since 2007 , however it seems that negotiations have slowed down significantly . 
  iirc there have been major obstacles with ip protections , especially given the interests of european pharmaceutical companies . 
  what about the uk pushing for a conclusion of that agreement ? 
  it surely wo n't be tailored for the uk like a individual fta would be , but it would certainly be better than the current state , do n't you think ? 
   a lot of things needed in relation to b ca n't be done because of a. 
  and here lies our disagreement . 
  neither of us will be able to convince the other since it is purely hypothetical . 
  i did not necessarily mean this as a bad thing . 
  no matter whether it is the ` wise ' choice , do n't you think that reluctance to engage in foreign conflicts essentially means that you are less ` visible ' on the world stage , effectively turning more ` isolationalist ' ? 
  unfortunately nothing in english this is accurate , at least concerning the capital requirements . 
  the uk negotiators wanted more flexibility in setting the capital requirements and they especially did not want the eu to have a major say on this ( given your general standpoint , not exactly surprising ) . 
  this was criticised as a ` penalty on weak banks ' by some other countries , being problematic for the inner-eu competition . 
  the uk did eventually pursue with this , after pretty much all other countries had been opposed to this . 
  additionally , it is reported that osborne demanded special treatment for british banks concerning evaluation of their business with other banks and estate trades ( it does n't get more specific than that ) . 
  it is also reported that all other negotiation partners were eventually growing tired of more and more british demands on the agreement . 
  -- -- -- i had a pretty good source when i wrote that original comment , i unfortunately cant find that one right now . 
   what would be ideal would be a free trade agreement , tailored to reflect the specificities of the uk/indian economies and the uk 's own particular economy which is of course very different from the german economy because we have different comparative advantanges to you . 
  are n't the recent deals with china proof that you can accomplish things like this with ` simple ' bilateral talks ? 
   the point is not that leaving the eu is sufficient to fix problems . 
  it is that leaving the eu is necessary to fix problems . 
  just because other things are also necessary , that does not mean that we should n't do one of the necessary things . 
  you however broadly make the assumtion that a is needed for b. 
  how about trying b first ? 
   do n't you find being a judge in own case a bit dodgy ? 
  this is a very clear-cut decision . 
  there is not much to argue here . 
   why ca n't i justify the changes to the tribunal with what po did ? 
  why is it so difficult to understand , that what was fucked has to be fixed ? 
  because it is a ridiculous claim . 
  `` oh the other government swore in more judges than we did , as a result it is unfair and thus we have to deprive the court of its power '' . 
  i am aware that the court still has its powers - but this is pointless if it has no chance to use this power . 
   are we discussing the content of polish constitution or what ? 
  why not ? 
  it is the root of the problems here . 
  the government having the monopoly on appointing judges will lead to a polarization of the court , lead to cases like the current crisis . 
  in my opinion , the correct comparator would be the trade potential that you have currently . 
  pretty much like any other country within the eu . 
  your trade is non-satisfactory ? 
  go ahead and shoot some deals with them . 
  look what they need . 
  encourage your countrymen to produce to fit these needs . 
  you said it yourself actually :  the uk ca n't turn itself into germany any more than greece can turn itself into germany , our cultures and histories and legal systems and commercial strengths are just too different . 
  the uk wo n't turn into germany either if you leave the eu . 
  i think it is wrong to believe that leaving the eu is a universal fix for all your problems . 
  if other countries can trade more , what hinders you ? 
   that . 
  for example , the eu 's free movement of workers rules effectively mean that the uk has to give priority to a latvian worker over an australian worker and this obviously impacts uk-australian relations . 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  migration from non-eu countries is higher than from the eu and your government is trying its best to reduce the influx from both origins ( eu and non-eu ) . 
  and my points remains - you are not using your full potential in your trade relationships , immigration or not . 
   things like sanctions etc are an eu competence that can be blocked by the uk . 
  this was a joint decision by the eu and admittedly not everybody was happy about it , but all countries decided that it was the appropriate response . 
   to date , the eu and the anglosphere have been broadly on the same page in terms of sanctions against russia and i expect that the uk outside the eu would be sanctioning russia even more heavily than it is today . 
  however , the fact that the uk is constrained by eu membership in terms of global diplomacy is a concern . 
  well , the uk is a lot less exposed to russia than e.g. 
  germany . 
  we have lost more than twice your * total * annual trade with russia already due to the sanctions .
