  additionally , nobody holds the power to do such a thing unless he is capable and willing to stand in for the whole greek debt in the worst case . 
  as for the ` elections dont change contracts ' , well , it is rightfully so . 
  just because a company gets a new ceo , it does not mean this company does not have to deal with their debts anymore . 
  same goes for countries . 
  all former governments have been elected by the people , the spending was ( mainly ) done to their advantage ( or at least to the advantage of many people ) . 
  ` just ' because you put someone else in charge doesnt mean that you have the right of a ` new start ' . 
  this is also due to the fact that debt is no longer national . 
  if the debt was almost entirely domestic ( like in japan ) , he could write the debt off , however they have been borrowing from international institutions and , nowadays , states ( no matter if voluntarily or not ) . 
  yes , it is worth talking about , however the impact of bilderberg has always been greatly exaggerated . 
  true - some ( more or less ) powerful politicians meet up with the leaders of important industry branches and companies from the ( western ) world . 
  however , the leaders and representatives of the most powerful countries are lacking on this meeting ( i do not think that a defense minister would be classified as a ` leader ' or person with outstanding importance ) . 
  it is also not that big of a deal that the industry people get ` access ' to the politicians , if the head of google , shell or whatever extremely large company wants to talk to someone , he just has to ask and will be invited - there is no need for bilderberg to do this . 
  same goes for negotiations of the kind of ryanair-airbus mentioned in the article . 
  they could just make it a regular meeting ( or working dinner ) - there is no need to do this at bilderberg . 
  further , there are not that many arms deals in sight , given the limited budget of the european countries . 
  i guess i was a bit tired when replying , so it was my fault i guess . 
  i am pretty certain that we do , however , their use is 100 % dependent on the us anyways , so it does not actually matter . 
  sorry , i misread that . 
  when did our government claim that there are no nukes ? 
  my impression was that they neither deny nor confirm it , they do n't comment on the issue . 
  same for the u.s. 
  given that putin was part of the drafting of these agreements , i deem this highly unlikely . 
  unfortunately being of german origin fell a bit out of fashion roughly 75 years ago . 
  i wonder why / s, 
  foreign affairs ) wanted to get rid of them and was met with confusion and disbelief . 
  so i assume they are still there . 
  this is only about resettling people from greece and italy iirc . 
  this is by no means the total number for the year , also , most of the people applying for asylum in germany are from kosovo anyways . 
  [ source mentioning 500,000 people ] ( http://af.reuters.com/article/worldnews/idafkbn0nn0gk20150502 ) . 
  [ one of the english sources mentioning the number i could find ] ( http://af.reuters.com/article/worldnews/idafkbn0nn0gk20150502 ) in german articles , 500k is seen as a realistic number for this year . 
  until april , we had 114k asylum seekers , the number tends to increase a lot once temperatures get higher ( so after may ) . 
  unfortunately some people do . 
  do n't equalize hate for your government with hating americans . 
  sure , you might end up with someone making bad stereotype ` jokes ' about you ( german humor at work ) , however you should not expect rude treatment just for being american . 
  of course , there might be exceptions like anywhere in the world , but generally american visitors are well-recieved . 
  and for the older generation , you still have some people being thankful to the americans . 
  it 's not all that bad , 
  might have been our former foreign minister . 
  i beg to differ . 
  you make it sound like every second generation turk is bevaving like a monkey . 
  in my experience , they are not , and they are not ` hated ' . 
  sure , you have people complaining about them , claiming that they were never supposed to stay here and what else , however this is not ` hate ' in my opinion . 
  this autobahn part is under road construction currently , come back in a few years and see your expectations fulfilled , 
  i got this even though i 'm not even remotely from bavaria :p ( i live in franconia though ), 
  why should seehofer drive an s class mercedes ? 
  there are two manufacturers of luxury cars in bavaria - mercedes is none of them . 
  the 45 million cards of the probably most widespread bank in germany offer this payment method aswell , however the fitting terminals are not yet that common unfortunately . 
  to further the inconvenience , you do not have access to your bank account but only to a separated pool for this kind of payment which you have to transfer money to first . 
  they however are not as convenient as applepay i guess . 
  china however is not amongst the parties that will ( or might ) sign tisa . 
  you got a point with your startups , however one could argue that companies offering email and similar services should be able to provide servers in other countries . 
  you could also argue that  4 . 
  nothing in [ articles x. 1 -- x. 8 ] shall be construed to prevent any party from taking any action which it considers necessary for the protection of its own essential security interests . ], 
  would allow the parties to declare a lot of thigs as `` essential security interests '' . 
  while i agree that the article is badly written and that it is pretty bad journalism , i have some doubts . 
   basically all the clause is saying is that [ ... ] you can make their operation in your country contingent upon compliance with existing laws uhm that is pretty much how it is currently ? 
  still , the nsa has been accessing data despite it being ` against the law ' in most states . 
  and how about the us court ruling that data stored overseas still has to be accessible for the us ? 
  any by the way , why do the mentioned countries have a say in the us ttip proposal ? 
  if anything , we are talking about tisa here , not ttip . 
  honestly , this is ` stopping the brain drain from the east ' is nothing but a lame excuse . 
  the proposals are not going in the direction of stopping high-qualified people from coming into the uk/germany/whatever country . 
  and even if it helped ` fixing ' the braindrain problem , it will be a positive side effect , not the cause for the acting of cameron et al. 
  the title is misleading . 
  it should be ` all european credit card terminals ' instead of ` all stores ' . 
  given how unpopular credit cards are in some states ( roughly two thirds of germans dont even own a credit card ) , i do not see all small stores adapting it . 
  this is not exactly news and a move thet could be expected from her . 
  she always likes to keep all possible options open . 
  also , merkel is not the eu , i think the states that are harder to convince to agree to a treaty change are france and poland . 
  they are driven around in it . 
  people like our former mod guttenberg might be an exception as he has something like 400 million net worth . 
  it is a little different in bavaria : since both bmw and audi are bavarian and both want the politicians to drive their cars , important bavarian politicians have a big audi aswell as a big bmw . 
  in raw numbers - yes , we send the most meps to europe . 
  in relation to population - nope , we are underrepresented . 
  well , this is why we are talking about his private vehicle here and not his office limo . 
  and no , sorry to disappoint you , i disagree with the 120 limit and i enjoy driving an audi . 
  nevertheless i find it stupid to judge a politician based on the car he drives . 
   i 'm sure seehofer drives an s class u wot m8 ? 
  this proposal is like a compilation of nightmares of other eu states . 
  the new euro commissioner is pretty much the super minister of finance that tsipras just said a few days ago in * le monde * must not happen . 
  pooling of liability is opposed by most central and northern european states and i am not even sure they would get a majority for this in our parliament . 
  the ftt will get get no approval in the uk , in ireland and in luxembourg , amongst others . 
  an increase in erasmus funds would generally be welcomed i guess , however this would quickly change as it would require the member states to increase their eu funding . 
  while i find myself in favor of most of these suggestions , i do not think there is the political will and consent to reach this within the next decade . 
  which is unfortunate , but building castles in the sky wo n't help . 
  i am convinced it will be more to the disadvantage of an ever closer union as it might alienate some countries from the european project if you want too much too fast ( stripping countries of their budget right has to be right on top of the most ambitious targets to accomplish in the eu ) . 
  depends on how long they stayed i 'd say . 
  it seems that they found wwii comparisons rather fitting . 
  [ ubers turbocharged blitzkrieg could end in a car crash ] ( http://www.managementtoday.co.uk/go/home/article/1330545/ubers-turbocharged-blitzkrieg-end-car-crash/ ), 
  and i thought obama was only respected because of [ the beast ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/gpa02-09_us_secretservice_press_release_2009_limousine_page_3_image.jpg ) . 
  since when does a good car make a good politician ? 
  angela merkel does own a golf , however she herself doubted her driving skills after not driving for so long ( i do not want to open a discussion whether merkel is a good politician or not here ) . 
  if you live in a city with good public transportation , not owning a car is not a shame . 
  gauck arrived for his nomination in a cab , there seriously is no need to own a car as a politician these days . 
  ( herbert wehner did not even have a drivers license in the beginning , and this was in much more conservative times ) . 
  vejonis is certainly getting a limo now that he is in office . 
  i think the number of people in favor of fighting a war in africa , likely suffering casualties , is much slimmer than the number of people in favor of taking refugees in . 
  also , unless you want to establish some kind of european military regime in states like libya , things are not going to change . 
  additionally , nobody wants to expose their soldiers to the threat of chemical weapons in syria . 
  for whom are you going to fight anyways in syria ?
