  i have seen plenty of films where the names did not match the nationality , where places are made up ( this is mainly because they usually dont film in that specific country but on the set ) , the stereotype of eastern european people solving conflicts by getting drunk is actually quite funny to me ( same happened in house of cards s3 somewhat ) , wrong translations of domestic words happen . 
  so what . 
  its a movie/show and you cant take this too seriously . 
  i think you are way too upset by this . 
  i think no country in the world is rightfully displayed in movies , it is all somewhat based on stereotypes . 
  and rightfully so , people are not watching movies because they want to learn something about the actual stuff in countries but to be entertained . 
  and for this , the evil german/russian/whoever is just great even though it is a stereotype . 
  its not a documentation after all . 
  apple has already adjusted the exchange rate . 
  but it wasnt , and it surely wont happen to this guy ever again ( if he even was responsible ) . 
  while i disagree with op , i can also not see the reason for being proud of the nationality of your ancestors four or more generations ago . 
  it just does not make sense to me . 
  well , they probably chose it because 15 years ago , in the same case , greek officials threatened to sell the buildings and inventory of that institute . 
  again ? 
  just because some people keep bringing it up , german politicians are highly unlikely to change their stance on this issue . 
  and this is what it comes down to , i doubt that there is any promising legal procedure to force germany to pay any money in this case , so it all relies on goodwill from the side of the politicians . 
  the only thing that might be somehow enforcable is the repayment of the war loan , which is 11 billion , but in no way the requested reparations . 
  i think we might be at the point where athens should just go up to the ecj or the icj and seek for a judgement in that case instead of demanding it every few weeks . 
  however , i somewhat deem that unlikely since they weill either have to face the fact that their demands are actually insubstantial or they will find germany being less forgiving in the negotiations . 
  i think you need to differenciate between collecting and actually using data . 
  the nsa/gchq might capture a large amount of the data from the internet and phones , they have in no way the human/technical resources to utilize a major part of it . 
  this was front page yesterday . 
  well , in they allow it for amazon : amazon pay might be the solution . 
  not true . 
  it is true for larger trains , however there is also [ this kind of train ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2a/rb95_ausieg.jpg/1280px-rb95_ausieg.jpg ) which is fixed . 
  are there longer versions of this train ? 
  it seems rather short . 
  well , if you want put norway as `` irrelevant '' ( they have around 20k soldiers in total ) :  during joint winter 2004 the norwegian submarine knm utvaer sunk a number of the british ships , including hms albion , hms invincible , hms iron duke and hms manchester . 
  not an american carrier , but a british . 
  still , it kind of proves that you do not need to be a major military power to pull this off . 
  even though i really like the idea of this 500 $ incentive , i deem it highly unlikely . 
  the two people suggesting it are no widely known people and i do not think that they are that influential in the cdu . 
  also , it would be hard to justify implementing this stuff for greece and not for italy or spain . 
  unfortunately , i have to say , it would actually help the greek economy while being an effective budget increase for many people which can strenghten domestic demand ( thus helping to fix the trade deficit of germany , even if only for a small margin ) . 
  again , prove your point or fuck off . 
  what i wrote is supported by the goddamn neutral leaks . 
  so the allegation of biased sources could not be more remote . 
  the documents are publically available , you resorting to ad hominem is a clear indicator that your position is extremely weak . 
  because if your claims had any substance , you would back them with sources . 
  you do n't , so you are doing nothing but making yourself look like a fool . 
  a desperate fool that can not accept that his great conspiracy is not real . 
  even at the chance of feeding a troll : you are still bringing nothing that has * any * substance . 
  your claims are ridiculous simply because my opinion , contrary to yours , is backed by facts . 
  seriously , if you think that you are right , prove your point and dont come with stuff like this . 
  embarassingly weak . 
  i bet you did not even read the leaked papers . 
  your post is so full of ignorance actually . 
  please point me at these horrible facts that are contained in the leaks . 
  `` believe us , this time we are serious ! '', 
  i think the most interesting part is the predicted return to decent amounts of inflation through all of europe next year . 
  however i 'll take it with a grain of salt - the 2015 spring forecast predicted the same ( even though on lower levels ) for 2016 . 
   to start governments thinking . . you might have missed the past year in news . 
  france has constantly been critical of ttip . 
  for a variety of reasons . 
  honestly , there was nothing paticularly shocking in the leaks . 
  quite the contrary , they confirm that the eu sticks to its promises . 
  honestly , i ca n't take the french serious anymore on this issue . 
  france has threatened this pretty much once per month and * nothing * happened . 
  it is just pandering to their electorate . 
  [ link to the illustration ] ( http://www.moillusions.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/media-manipulation-optical-illusion1.jpg ), 
  all of which is not and should not be legal . 
  yes . 
  it drives the prices up for everyone and results in less competitive domestic industries . 
  you know - it is also possible to excempt areas from this regime . 
  if the two sides can not go together in certain areas , we would simply continue as we do now in these areas . 
  there is no fixed point for that . 
  every country has a different reality in this regard . 
   the border fence did n't appear overnight . 
  a fence alone does not mean that you do not let anyone in . 
  austria for example blocks part of its border but only lets people through that want to go to germany . 
  apart from that - the fence alone does not make a closed border . 
  it does not cover your full border . 
  or it at least did n't at that point in time . 
   this process was gradual and lasted for more than 2 months . 
  it took most of europe by surprise however . 
  not that nobody expected it , but nobody expected it at that point in time . 
   and greece 's politicians have been really hypocritical about it . 
  one side acting shitty is n't a justification for the other side to act shitty . 
   is a state even allowed to make debt ? 
  yes of course ? 
  how could one even question that ? 
  it should stay at levels where it can be repaid and where the interest does not eat you up , but states do and should have the right to go into debt . 
  you misunderstand what i mean . 
  macedonia simply said at some point : border closed . 
  it would have been decent to at least give tsipras a call saying that they are about to close the border . 
  basic diplomatic decency . 
  it allows greece to prepare and adapt . 
  because it was really obvious that closing the border would cause massive troubles for greece . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  all it produces is `` they are taking our money '' . 
  because this money could as well be spent on the native citizens ( people ignore that the government would not do that , but whatever ) . 
  additionally , it is no sustainable growth that will last - the sector will decrease significantly once all this uncoordinated mess is resolved . 
  it is good that it has some positive side effects , but i do not really think that it can outweigh anything . 
  i do not think it is that much of a good argument . 
  they actually do indirectly . 
  the government spends money on them , and this money is not lost but directly flows back into the economy . 
  building housing , paying teachers , getting people to cook food - all of this increases the general size of our economy ( and employment numbers for that matter ) . 
  additionally , the pocket money the refugees get is also spent domestically ( well , most of it ) . 
  like the money the newly hired social workers and teachers earn . 
  essentially , it is growth bought with government money , but it still is growth .
