  all three of the cases you mentioned are anecdotal . 
  they are simply not suited to point to the bigger picture . 
  after doing some research , it is true that moroccans are heavily overrepresented in your crimes with 14 % at just 2 % of the population . 
  most of them were born in the netherlands by the way , indicating that it is mainly a failure of their immigration . 
  but this still does not confirm your claim . 
  nobody seriously contests that foreigners have higher crime rates than locals ( some exceptions , but they are not relevant here ) , yet your claim that `` they only attack people of other ethnicity '' needs a source . 
  claiming that `` 99 % '' of them are moroccan is a lie , them `` hunting in packs '' is just an assertion . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  there is actually nothing of relevance said in german . 
  the kid on the inline skates begs them to stop , the shouting is not in german . 
  so how exactly do you determine that they do it because the kid is german ? 
  are you following the [ skin color a ] beats [ skin color b ] = hate crime ? 
  scheme ? 
  come on , kids beat each other up for various reasons . 
  do you have a translation of what the kids are saying ? 
  unfortunately , bullying/fighting can happen amongst kids , and it is never a pleasant sight , but there is a large difference between an adult peeing on someone chanting that `` we are the aryans '' and some bullying/fighting amongst minors . 
  these people were mainly workers who migrated to saudi arabia prior to the crisis , their visas were ` just ' extended without limit because of the civil war that is going on . 
  the saudi government has been working towards granting these people more rights and better access to public infrastructure and schooling . 
  but correct , it is wrong to say that sa did nothing . 
  are you serious now ? 
  we have never integrated larger amounts of people from muslim societies into our country . 
  thus i think that we can * not * make a statement on that issue yet . 
  a lot depends on the integration work we do here and a lot depends on how much we learned from mistakes of the past . 
  we do ? 
  i doubt that we have any reliable statistics for the crime rates of syrians or eritreans in germany , especially considering that there are no large groups of this kind here yet . 
  time will tell . 
  i think nobody would contest that a debt restucturing mechanism would negatively impact the interest rates of most state bonds . 
  in the mind of many people , the time of states simply defaulting to their creditors is a thing of the past . 
  look at the most recent defaults of major countries . 
  argentine is still somewhat in default , russia has a debt rate of some 13 % ( ? ), 
  of gdp . 
  not because they dislike debt so much , but because they are seen as unreliable and have troubles finding people/institutions lending ( hard ) money to them . 
  even now , the bond rates in europe are being held artificially low by the fact that germany ( and some others ) are there to provide as a stability anchor . 
  if a clause like this would be implemented on a multi-national level , it would immediately prompt the bond yields to adapt to the ` real ' risk plus a surcharge since under a common principle , debt cuts or restructuing would get a lot more ` common ' . 
  while it is actually the ` optimal ' scenario if every state pays what it ` deserves ' , it is unsustainable for quite a few european states . 
  france is struggling to maintain a remotely balanced budget even with low interest , italys debt quota is beyond good . 
  then again , i am just speculating . 
  mr. varoufakis , even though i tend to disagree with him , is probably a lot more educated on the issue , however i expect equally intelligent and educated people to speak out against this if he actually proposes it . 
  the problem is that you can not compare states to enterprises . 
  generally , the states are borrowing at a much lower cost due to higher reliability . 
  while companies have debts aswell , they are usually not founded on the principle of debts . 
  states have pretty much nothing but debts . 
  also , contrary to companies , you can not seize the property of the state . 
  mind to correct me ? 
  true , but generally my statement is correct . 
  i assume that portugal and spain are in this list because of the financial crisis , nothing worrisome in the long term ( as long as we overcome it at some point ) . 
  greece however is not only hit by the financial crisis , but is also suffering from low fertility rates and an overage population like germany . 
  could you please refrain from calling this a `` news source '' ? 
   yes , i mean you would have to find a mechanism to keep existing debt out of this - after all it was taken out under completely different juridical standards . 
  it could only apply to future debt . 
  there is no realistic way to do this . 
  even if your debt level is decreasing , you will naturally go into debt as the bonds only have a limited maturity . 
  which means that in thirty years time , all bonds would be bonds of this kind , t-bills a lot faster ( and 30 years are not the usual case ) . 
  it would make even the usual debt restructuring that every state does a pain in the arse with massively increased costs . 
  i would actually argue that a mechanism of this kind would be suited to immediately promt the next financial crisis while pushing debt that is currently ` sustainable ' into the ` not sustainable ' area due to the risk of a ` debt restructuring ' . 
  what is varoufakis trying to accomplish by doing so anyways ? 
  `` if the eu does not give us a debt cut , we will force them to accept one through the un '' ?? 
  i am a bit confused that the g77 have 134 members, 
  the content is fine . 
  asides from a few things that op ( or the video creator ) is responsible for : nobody ever said that he was muslim or a migrant . 
  and how could they know , they did not catch him ( yet ) . 
  they simply state that he looked like he was from a southern state or north africa . 
  which makes the title a lie ( or an assumption at best ) . 
  also , this happened over a month ago . 
  hardly relevant ` news ' . 
  ( with this i do not want to say that a rape is ` irrelevant ' or that it is somewhat ` justified ' , i simply do not get why this has to be posted over a month later . ), 
   indeed , i see nothing wrong with tvn24 . 
  i do not know about the quality of content this channel produces , however that was never my point . 
  my point was that i would have liked a source for that , a context . 
  is it a news show , is it a report etc. ? 
  maybe a link to the source ? 
  the video was obviously taken from somewhere , it did not just randomly appear on the internet . 
   course she would n't reveal her name or personal details in a simple news interview such as that . 
  i do/did not expect her to do that . 
   she told us that her children could n't go to school and that the refugees were generally doing things to disrupt their life in lesbos . 
  that is my point . 
  i would like to know more . 
  i am pretty aware that refugees , especially in large numbers pose challenges and inconveniences for the population , especially if the refugee quota is way too high like on said greek islands . 
   at least admit you do n't like the post because it shows immigrants in a bad like , because you 're out nit-picking , grasping at straws , and doing a great deal of mental gymnastics to justify mod abuse . 
  i wont deny that i generally am open towards the taking in refugee topic , and i will admit that i am annoyed by the amount of refugee posts we get on this sub currently . 
  however i think that deleting posts you dislike or that paint another pespective is the wrong way to deal with it . 
  what i did was saying that people should not jump conclusions too quickly . 
  just because declauzel has the most bans under his belt does not mean that he is a banhammer-swinging warlock . 
  it could simply mean that he is the one in charge of sorting out new stuff or simply the one that is active the most . 
  without internal knowledge of the mod team , i will hold back with judgements on the issue and i would urge other people to do the same . 
  i do not and did not say at any point that all he does is right and that i generally support him in doing so . 
  i think we will be wiser once the mod statement is out . 
  my complains about this post have not been that it is anti-immigration but rather the fact that op editorialized the title ( i do not think we have to argue about that ) and that , in my opinion , the content was low quality . 
  if it was a seriously written article about the topic , exhibiting problems of the population that arise because of refugee presence/actions/violence , i will not object to anything . 
  quite the contrary . 
  the wording * invasion * is hardly neutral and is * not * suited to `` reflect the content '' . 
  the original title contains all you need to know . 
  nationality does not make quality . 
  just because something ran on `` german television '' does not mean that it is `` high quality content '' . 
  the source is a logo somewhere in a video . 
  great source . 
   yes it does . 
  it 's showing the side of the story the mainstream media will not tell you . 
  the lives of the people in the conduit countries are being disrupted by the refugees fleeing the war zone that is turkey . 
  i would not have a problem with the submission if it gave * any * context .
