   even slower than article 50 invocation . 
  well , if new obstacles arise at the frequency that they currently do , the geographical departure might be simultaneous with your exit from the eu , 
  since we are talking about codified law , applied by judges that are not elected - not gon na happen . 
  you can not simply claim something that has no evidence whatsoever and then retreat to saying that `` it is eventually going to happen '' . 
  apart from this allow me to remind you that the downvote button is not meant to express disagreement . 
  you are not . 
  what you are claiming has no evidence whatsoever . 
  you can look at the court processes against people for `` hate speech '' - you will see that none of them was prosecuted for simply expressing a dissenting opinion . 
   uk do n't really consider themselves european debatable . 
  your head politicians are very keen on emphasizing that the uk will leave the eu but not europe these days . 
   and they are n't included on this sub by default . 
  you base your opinion on whether something belongs to a certain country on the fact whether it is a geodefault on an american website ? 
  i guess all europeans are gamers then . 
  or photographers for that matter . 
  geodefaults seriously mean jackshit . 
   uk voted for looser ties with europe . 
  does n't change the geographic position of that island by an inch . 
   i still believe uk news should be removed . 
  you are free to believe that , but do n't come up with nonsense arguments like you did . 
  uhm . 
  and how does this change anything ? 
   so is azerbijan . 
  so what . 
   which is about 12,5 % in terms of population . 
  in other words turkey is by and large asian . 
  have i ever claimed something else ? 
  does n't change the fact that they have a significant european population . 
  it 's less what you consider yourself than what you are . 
  the uk is stuck being european , no matter what some people might want or think . 
   hmm , not they 're not . 
  they are part of the council of europe and at least for a while serious applicant for the eu . 
  they are , despite everything that happened , our ally and their political decisions ( especially considering refugees ) can have a severe impact on european countries ( especially greece in this case ) . 
  so yeah , i would argue that they are important . 
   yes , like , the whole 5 % of it . 
  the last time i checked , even 5 % were ' a part ' . 
  and despite its small size - the european part of turkey has close to 10 million inhabitants , there are certainly countries with a much lower head count in the eu . 
  you are neither an active commenter nor an active poster on this sub . 
  why do you even care ? 
  if you want other content - go ahead , post other content . 
  but turkey is a very important country for europe , what happens there can affect us directly . 
  plus at least part of it * is * in fact part of europe . 
  good luck and i hope your health gets better !, 
  well , that 's up to the lawmakers . 
  the right to know your father is a construction by the bverfg , it could be counteracted by strengthening other fundamental rights . 
  but , judging by this database proposal , they are quite happy with the direction the court has lead us . 
  you do n't exactly get many votes fighting for the rights of sperm donors ... 
  just new year . 
  fireworks are only sold dec. 29-31 and can only be lit ( legally ) on the 1st of januar . 
  exceptions are only made for people with special permits . 
  yeah ... pretty german , i know . 
   does n't the donor have a right to not know who his biological children are ? 
  he is not forced to meet them . 
  they have a right to know who their father is . 
   did the donor consent to having his privacy invalidated years down the line ? 
  not required as the rights of the children are based on our constitution . 
  it 's reddit . 
  i am used to it . 
  the uk has one of the most reasonable approaches amongst all countries in this regard . 
  your country has been very generous for an extended period of time . 
  unfortunately , this can not be said about most other countries . 
  what are you even talking about mate ? 
  `` it is not like the english never broke their word '' is a factual statement - whether you like it or not . 
  you could say this about pretty much any country in the world . 
  this does n't make it xenophobia , i am sorry . 
  he did not say : i do not trust englishmen , they always break their word . 
  well , that would be some kind of xenophobia . 
  the statement above is n't . 
  it just is n't though . 
  you might want to look into the definition for `` xenophobia '' . 
  if you think that this statement was xenophobia , you have a * very * thin skin . 
  what i find extremely depressing is the hypocricy in this regard . 
  many countries ( predominantly eastern european ) have argued that we should not take that many refugees into europe because the money can to ten or twenty times as much if it is spent in the region . 
  and they are right about the fiscal impact - the money we spend on a single refugee here could easily fund ten refugees staying in the region . 
  * however * , it is exactly these countries that provide little to no money for these camps . 
  oxford has calculated a `` fair share '' - none of these countries met it . 
  the countries that actually spend money in the region are the ones that actually took care of refugees in europe . 
  plus the uk . 
  germany , the uk and norway have contributed over 50 % to the last pledging conference for syria and syrian refugees . 
  but even we are not free of fault here - we should have sent money much earlier . 
  it is n't very easy to do since it will be met by domestic opposition , but it is still the right thing to do . 
   which uk border forces will be very familiar with , unlike foreign passports . 
  that 's a very naive standpoint that is purely speculative . 
   not really . 
  it 's a subjective feeling , what 's right by you is wrong by me etc. 
  i was n't talking about subjective feelings . 
  you were critical about refugees entering the country illegally costing money , you did not complain about your government resettling people into your country when it makes no difference from a financial standpoint . 
  this does n't change the fact that every post-referendum poll i have seen on / r/europe indicated that leave was still the preferred option . 
  it really is n't . 
  we just happen to value some things higher than other countries . 
  each to their own . 
  generally speaking , it is possible to change a student visa into a work visa if you finish your degree . 
  i do not know if these rules apply if you drop out . 
  you might want to contact your local authorities or embassy . 
  that 's / r/europe for you . 
  the right of privacy for the father is weighed lower than the right of the kid to know who his or her father is in germany . 
  kids in germany have a constitutional right to know who their biological father is . 
  you do not need to feel responsible , but you are stuck with the consequences anyways . 
  unless you , as you said , decide to hop ship and obtain the citizenship of another country . 
   i dont know but has germany received any financial backing from the other side of the atlantic ? 
  not that i am aware of .
