  talking about the whole year , the share of afghanis and iraqis is 12 % . 
  libyans are not even mentioned because their share is insignificant . 
  if you combine all of the mentioned , you would be at 45 % the highest . 
  completely ignoring the fact that the percentage of successful applications drives the total number down even further . 
  afghanis are granted asylum/refugee status/similar status in 69 % of cases , the general rate is around 40 % . 
  applying 13 % to 800,000 is just plain wrong . 
  unless you think we are going to have 1 million people come here in the remaining 50 days of 2015 . 
  we wo n't hit 800,000 syrian refugees this year ... 
  you do realize that it is completely idiotic to just apply 13 % on this number ? 
  30.3 % of asylum applications to germany in 2015 have been from syria and even though this number rose to 53.5 % in october , the * total * number of syrians that have come to europe this year so far is below 400,000 . 
  so even if we had 50 % for the whole year and the highest estimates would become reality , we would not hit 800,000 . 
  not even close . 
  where do you get the 800,000 number from ? 
   if you did not agree with the law you would change it . 
  then blame them for that and not for something they dont do . 
  the german government is doing nothing actually . 
  all that is happening is that a law that has been existent since forever is applied , independent from what the government wants . 
  also , it is not said that he will actually be sentenced guilty . 
  somewhat , yes . 
  other states could take care of the asylum seeker , but it is voluntary and needs the consent of the asylum seeker . 
  i think neither of these requirements will be fulfilled in the regular cases . 
   whether they 'd be sent to whichever country they entered after greece . 
  dublin gives no legal basis for such action . 
  if i understood it correctly , this is true , but i have doubts on that . 
  i understood that they already apply it since then , not that they apply it to the past , no ? 
  ` two wrongs dont make a right ' - we are not talking about right or wrong here so your statement is nonsense . 
  i do not contest that she dropped in popularity . 
  i simply say that you are probably overestimating the importance of a drop like this . 
  it is not that much of a ` big deal ' as it simply brings her down to levels that are considered ` normal ' for heads of states . 
  this does not fit here however ? 
  49 % means that she is still a lot more popular than most european heads of states . 
   why are they still here ? 
  we 've been told for weeks by government that people from `` safe '' countries would be sent back . 
  why is this still not happening ? 
  because it is a little more difficult than just pushing a button . 
  it takes some time to change the processes and get the machinery running . 
  i never said anything else ? 
  however the scale of the graph makes it look worse than it actually is . 
  what is the reason for this ? 
  this seems counterintuitive , especially given greeces current deflationary tendencies . 
  shhht you are ruining the narrative . 
   cdu alone would only get 27.5 % of the votes , making a blockage impossible as spd , linke , gr\u00fcne , csu and possibly afd and fdp can vote for it , overruling any objections . 
  you ignore political realities . 
  it doesnt matter that there is a theoretical majority in the parliament for something . 
  take for example opening the marriage for homosexuals during the union/fdp coalition , there was a majority for this in the parliament but the fdp sticked to what was written in the coalition treaty . 
   pavlos georgiadis is a food author , olive grower and social entrepreneur, 
  if someone chooses to trust a 1500 + year old book more than 99 % of scientists , i simply think he is n't qualified for office . 
  tax format from the bible is nonsense as it was made for a totally different reality and society . 
  if you make a tax today , justify it with the needs of the system or economics and not with the bible . 
  merkel just recently said on her visit to china that she ( along with britain and others ) is in favour of a trade agreement , but they see a bit with china as a requirement before starting negotiations for a trade deal . 
  i also suspect that the french are not in favour of it . 
  price levels . 
  welp . 
  i am envious now . 
  i did not expect the us to beat russia honestly . 
  it seems that my eyes jumped at the only month where germany ` beat ' austria , you are correct . 
  firing them or selling drugs at the drive-through ? 
  to add some data to your comment : [ eurostat ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=migr_asyappctzm&amp;lang=en ) austria has constantly recieved more asylum applications than france in the recent months and has been at the level of italy for a while . 
  if you put it into relation with the total population , they have constantly had more applications than germany ( since q3 2015 ) . 
  also notable : the number of people applying for asylum in hungary . 
  before someone points at the fact that the numbers are lower than the reported influx : this is correct , it simply takes some time to register everyone as the capacities are limited . 
  between january and september 2015 , we had roughly 300k applications in germany while about 577k came into the country ( this number is not completely reliable though as people might get registered twice due to mistakes , also some people leave the country again instead of actually applying for asylum ) . 
  you can make your decision as you want . 
  nobody is forcing you to do anything . 
  however communicating racist appeals ( and we are talking about nothing else here ) is something different . 
  then get rid of censoring nudity as well . 
  with compeltely different reasoning though . 
  when the eu sanctions russian products , they dont do it because they think russians are bad people but to exercise external pressure on russia because of the situation in ukraine . 
  its not optimal , but it is the best tool we have . 
  contrary to a boycott that is just based on some irrational fear like the one shown in the article . 
  sanctioning is not equal to boycotting . 
  you can be dissatisfied with the sanctions , say that they are not justified or whatever - fine . 
  but please dont compare it with a boycott of the kind the article points at . 
  you know that this has completely different reasons . 
  dont play dumb . 
  probably . 
  but i never said that this behaviour is tolerable either . 
  i am aware of this but i was too lazy to translate this term . 
  either version is racist because it indicates that someone is inferior because of their origin . 
  no matter how it is worded in the end . 
  `` dont buy from turks '' is hardly ` just ' anti migrant . 
  especially considering our past with signs of this kind , this is not tolerable . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://media.salon.com/2015/10/colbert-jim-webb-sign.png ) he stopped his candidacy for the democratic nomination two weeks ago and considers running as an independent by the way . 
   we have almost every social program that europe has but we wont admit it . 
  dont get me wrong on what i am saying now , this is not meant to communicate some kind of european superiority . 
  i would argue that you are actually spending too much on some areas because you refuse to look for working examples past your own borders . 
  you would rather stick to methods that seem ` less socialistic ' but are in fact more expensive and less effective . 
   they have people on the news who admit they dont want any help from the social programs becauze they would feel like they failed . 
  do you think our people on social welfare feel like they accomplished something and feel great in their situation ? 
  nobody ( besides a few welfare leechers ) does . 
  nobody likes to be reliant on others/the government , but nevertheless its better than starving . 
   but then we have boris johnson here ( who 's eligible to run for the us presidency which i 'd love to see ) johnson v. trump - battle for the best haircut . 
  what i found completely confusing : the government budget in the us relative to gdp exceeds the one of germany . 
  which is irritating as they believe in smaller goverment while not having social transfers of the kind we have . 
  it always amazes me that you can say something like this in the us presidential debates without someone questioning it while you would certainly be laughed out of the room for it in europe . 
  if i recall correctly he said in a previous debate that he wanted 10 % , based on the bible . 
  in the last debate he was talking about 15 % . 
  i guess some of his advisors did the math and concluded that there is no way in hell you could get through with 10 % . 
  [ here is a link to the part about the most recent debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdufvlwl-oc ), 
  well , lets go through the candidates : ** trump ** : his tax plans are ridiculous .
