  do you refer to the fact that not everyting is voted on or that the ukraine treaty is a big issue that deserves being voted on ? 
  this does not mean that they have to vote on every single issue . 
   eastern expansionism , ttip , greek debt these three issues are very good examples for things that should * not * be decided in a public vote . 
  for these reasons : eastern expansion : the common citizen does not really have a clue about geopolitical implications . 
  diplomacy is done in very fine nuances for very good reason . 
  ttip : giant fearmongering campaing . 
  you would probably have a majority vote ` no ' despite 95 % of the electorate not knowing anything about this agreement . 
  ttip is 2000 pages + in technocratic language , nobody that does not have a good connection to the topic will read or understand it . 
  the campaign against it so far included a lot of wrong facts greek debt : again , the electorate does not understand anything here . 
  it is essentially reduced to `` lazy greeks want our money '' . 
  which simply is n't true . 
  if you held a referendum on that , greece would be bankrupt since 5 years . 
   were your country a decent country , you would have a referendum on it too . 
  being a ` decent country ' has nothing to do with direct democracy . 
   most eu countries have an unelected minister who pretty much signs whatever the eu puts across their desk . 
  first of all - this is inaccurate , especially when talking about the current treaty . 
  secondly , the ministers have a solid democratic mandate . 
   thats why only a few countries have referendums when the eu massively expands its powers via things like the lisbon treaty our country for example does not even have the tool of referendums on the federal level . 
  and contrary to what you are saying , the whole parliament had a vote on it , not just a minister . 
  which is very solid in terms of democratic accountability . 
  direct democracy is not necessarily superior to representative democracy . 
   well , actually they do . 
  you cant just ignore the process thats set up for these treaties just because its inconvenient . 
  the thing is : as we all know , it is not binding . 
  what matters is what the dutch government does now , not the result of the vote . 
  i disagree with the notion of holding one , but the cost could be decreased significantly by including it in the next election for the european parliament . 
  coming from a brit , that 's pretty rich . 
  we are a souvereign country and our own decisions are not dependent on the electorate in another country . 
   `` no man is an island , entire of itself . 
  each is a piece of the continent , a part of the main . 
  if a clod be washed away by the sea , europe is the less . 
  as well as if a promontory were . 
  as well as if a manor of thine own or of thine friend 's were . 
  each man 's death diminishes me , for i am involved in mankind . 
  therefore , send not to know for whom the bell tolls , it tolls for thee . '', 
  i really like the old form with `` no man is an iland '' . 
  true , nobody is an island and whatever bad happens on the other side of the channel will be our own misery . 
  which is why i hope that the decision the uk makes , whatever it may be , will be for the uks very best . 
   do n't ask who the bell is ringing for . 
  it is proclaiming europe 's own death . 
  and i think that you are ringing them prematurely . 
  a ` symbolic form ' that still included all of the initial members ( italy rejoined a few years later ) plus additional members . 
  it eventually continued to become the euro . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  well , you can talk about the system being flawed , but you can not ignore the fact that the uk refused to have any talks about the exchange rate . 
  the decision from your side was rushed and you valued the pound too highly . 
  the german side had warned of terrible consequences in such a scenario but they were ignored . 
   the rest of the world is more important than the rest of europe . 
  if the uk has to choose between the two , it makes sense to choose the former and not the latter . 
  with each year that passes , the uk becomes less and less integrated into european trade . 
  and this is where i think your logical fallacy is . 
  being part of the eu hinders your capability to trade with the rest of the world in exatly one single way : you are not allowed to conduct talks for new trade agreements yourself . 
  which is something i disagree with ( in my opinion , the countries should be free to make trade agreements with whatever country they want unless the eu wants to do one in the next five years in the name of all member states ) . 
  i do not understand why cameron did not try to negotiate in this area - i could imagine that it is one of the things that the eu would have been less reluctant to give away . 
  it is very possible for you to boost trade with every other region in the world right now . 
  you are simply not doing it . 
   the deal is not a good deal . 
  trade of itself does not require a political structure like the eu has . 
  never claimed that . 
  of course , the uk is going to continue trading with the eu in any possible scenario . 
  market access of the current quality however requires a few concessions . 
  meaning that there will of course be trade without membership , but of a lesser quality . 
   the eu has an anthem , a flag and all kinds of other things that are nothing to do with trade . 
  because the eu was always designed to be ` more ' than just a trade area . 
  everyone but the uk knew that when they signed up for it . 
  it is a bit short-sighted to go : `` oh they have a parliament and they are doing policy , looks like a sound club that only cares about trading '' . 
  it was very visible from the beginning . 
  if you believe you were misled - now is your chance to correct yourself , if you desire to do so . 
  the uk has every right in the world to reject the eu in its current state , yet i hope it wo n't do it . 
   if you need so sign up for these things to get the level of access that the uk has , the uk should politely reject the deal ( as i hope we do ) . 
  we will see how it goes in two months time , i guess . 
   in the long run , the single market is not a sensible concept . 
  i disagree . 
   you must believe the uk will suffer . 
  otherwise , what is the point of the eu . 
  what problem is the eu solving ?!, 
  it is my guess that the uk might face some bad consequences , even though i think that the doomsday scenarios are exaggerated . 
  no , i am genuinely interested in the outcome of a eu nation that becomes ` independent ' again . 
  i want to see whether it is doing better or not . 
  it is the only way for us to evaluate whether being part of the eu is actually benefitial or not . 
  so far , we have to rely on predictions and calculations , and they are not very accurate . 
  if it turns out that you can do significantly better outside these structures - what is the point of having the eu in the first place ? 
  convenient things like schengen can be held up even without the eu , as seen in switzerland and norway . 
  does n't change the fact that it was in no way ` disbanded ' ? 
  you should probably read up on it . 
  the ems existed from 1979 until 1999 , it was then split into the erm and the ez . 
  what you are talking about only affected the uk . 
  the ems continued to exist , the uk had to drop out ( partially because they fucked up ) . 
   trade is global not european nobody ever claims that however . 
  it does n't change the fact that we are your most important market . 
  and well , you * do * need these political structures in order to get the level of access you have right now . 
  it 's simply part of the deal , whether you like it or not . 
  honestly , this is still the most fascinating part for me - i would * love * to see how a country like yours develops outside the eu . 
  yet i also want you to remain . 
  it was eventually turned into a real currency union . 
  your point being ? 
  completely depends on the circumstances . 
  a push for federalization arguably would n't go very well at this point in time , with anti-eu sentiments on the rise . 
  this does not mean that it wo n't be possible long-term . 
  who knows what the future brings ?
