  and it does make a difference , because it essentially means that it is ridiculous to talk about some kind of ` invite ' . 
  i am fine with people stating that merkel had a ( possibly severe ) negative impact on the refugee numbers , but i am seriously getting pissed reading about some ` invite ' . 
  so you concede that my post is factually correct yet continue to claim that it is following some kind of secret agenda trying to present merkel in the most positive light possible ? 
  this does not make sense . 
  yes , a post that states that merkel might ` only ' have caused a hundred thousand people extra in december alone and not the whole refugee crisis is * certainly * a `` pro merkel opinion post '' . 
  i mean , come on . 
  mainly articles 1 & 6 . 
  i have backed pretty much everything i wrote with reliable sources . 
  i mean , it certainly is much easier to call it a ` super long shitpost ' instead of actually talking about the points i made . 
  i however doubt that you even read what i wrote . 
  so you are advocating for a massive breach of western ideals , our core values , human rights , international law and eu law that would also be morally wrong . 
  great solution . 
  something that works well for them but fucks everyone else south of their borders . 
  i do not think it is unwarranted to criticize macedonia for closing their border without talking to greece first . 
  yes , they can do whatever they want with their border , but it would be decent if you would talk to the country that you are fucking over by doing so first . 
  and for the record : yes , we have been critical of these countries ( hungary et al. ), 
  for their border closures . 
  but if you go back in time and look at the news and the government statements , you will see that most of the criticism was adressed at how hungary actually dealt with the people inside its borders . 
  and i am willing to repeat that this was shameful and unworthy of a european nation . 
  we have always made it very clear that we do not welcome people from countries that have no realistic chance of being granted asylum . 
  and we have not only talked about it , we actually took action . 
  in most of 2014 and the first half of 2015 , it has n't been war refugees from syria or iraq who have been the predominant group - the largest group of people came from the balkans . 
  this has been partly caused by the fact that actual refugees transiting here have caused the prices for smugglers to go down . 
  suddenly , it became very cheap to go here . 
  and since processing the applications took quite a while ( and you had the chance to appeal and whatever ) , you could well spend half a year or more here . 
  half a year where you would be granted shelter , food , clothes and more money than you earn in your home state . 
  plus , after this time is over , the german government even pays to transfer you back home . 
  since we have tightened the process for these origins , the numbers have gone down significantly , in fact , these countries of origin do not play a major role anymore . 
  it gets more tough if we are talking about pakistan and northern africa . 
  because the countries in question refuse to take their people back . 
  we are currently exercising pressure on these governments to take them back , but it takes time . 
  until then , we are stuck with these people . 
  we have no possible way to get rid of them . 
  i am somewhat doubtful that we could handle the streams even it was just legitimate refugees . 
  yes , the approval for taking in controlled amounts of people that are genuine refugees is still extremely high here . 
  and rightfully so . 
  but even we have a limit . 
  current stats are showing that syrians and iraqis alone are more than 60 % of applications ( well , or , at least this amount of people is claiming to by syrian ) . 
  for the hypocrisy part : i do n't think it is hypocritical not to take these people from greece . 
  people are talking about an invite ? 
  this certainly would be a major incentive . 
  if the people know that they just have to stream into greece until there are so many people in greece that they will be overwhelmed in order to get to germany - what do you think would happen ? 
  i also do not think it is hypocritical not wanting to be the only country taking these people . 
  because , let 's be clear : germany has done more than anyone could expect from us . 
  we have likely taken in more refugees than the rest of europe combined . 
  and despite all that , we are willing to take more . 
  simply because it is the right thing to do and because we simply do not want greece to get fucked over , no matter what some people might claim and no matter how often people are going to quote the financial crisis . 
  yet it can not be , or actually it must not be that germany ( along with a few other governments who have grown more and more critical ) is the only country that is taking in refugees . 
  yes , we are willing to take the lions share , but it is ridiculous that other governments seem to give a rats arse about greece . 
  france has taken in 30k refugees . 
  in the end of september , this is what we took in within three days . 
  i think it is a disgrace . 
  and that is why i am supporting the deal with turkey . 
  no matter how bad erdogan is , no matter that it will be expensive , it is the right thing to do . 
  it relieves the pressure off greece and it allows us to return to an ordered procedure for all of this . 
  it allows us to bring the elderly and weak here . 
  it allows us to limit the numbers . 
  and most importantly , it ensures that the only people we get will be genuine refugees . 
  the money that will be given to turkey will directly be spent on the two million refugees inside that country 's border and i much prefer turks being allowed to come here without visa over hundreds of thousands refugees coming here without any control . 
  i agree that the communication was handled poorly and of course merkel can be blamed for this . 
  however , what would you expect her to say ? 
  * do n't come to germany , we will deport you back - a lie * we still apply dublin iii in every part - a lie * you wo n't be granted asylum in germany - a lie * the exceptions for syrians was meant to be a one time thing - technically correct , but in effect still a lie as the same laws still apply * we do n't want you here - this would be the only thing that i can see as a valid statement . 
  a statement that would be quickly counteracted after it goes public on social media that , despite us not wanting it , people who come here will still be granted asylum/refugee status should they qualify . 
  and do n't come with : `` well , change your laws then '' - well that 's the point . 
  our laws are not the problem here . 
  the factual reality that we can not deport to hungary ( because they wo n't let us ) , to greece ( we are not allowed to because of court orders ) , to turkey ( the deportation deal with turkey will enter into force in 2017 or 2018 , until then we can not deport people there ) or to the countries of origin of these people ( well , for obvious reasons ) is . 
  the only other option would be closing our borders , and as i have outlined in the long post , this is unrealistic and would likely be wrong . 
  wrong for the same reasons that we are still advocating for a turkey deal - because we do n't want to fuck over our southern neighbors and especially not greece . 
  for me , it * has * to be the recording from the [ german reunification concert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icikr8numks ) in 1989 . 
  led by bernstein , this orchestra is a beautiful showcase of freedom and peace in europe . 
  it was a cooperation of : * the bavarian radio symphony orchestra from west germany * the staatskapelle dresden from east germany * the new york philharmonic orchestra from the usa * the london symphony orchestra from the uk * the orchestre de paris from france * the orchestra of the kirov theatre from the udssr to add to this , bernstein , just for this event , altered the text of this masterpiece . 
  instead of `` freude sch\u00f6ner g\u00f6tterfunken '' ( joy , beautiful spark of the gods ) , he ordered the solists and the choir to sing `` freiheit , sch\u00f6ner g\u00f6tterfunken '' ( freedom , beautiful spark of the gods ) . 
   `` do n't try irregular migration to germany , you will only be deported back '' this would have been a lie concerning most people from the arab region however . 
   the downvotes are unrelated to you oh , i am somewhat certain that some people will downvote this just for my persona . 
   if anything being stickied may have hurt your well sourced post and the effort you made in doing it . 
  well , fortunately you do n't rely on being upvoted if the post is stickied . 
   as for friend , well it 's only my opinion but lets say you 're views are not unaligned to their own . 
  ca n't comment on that . 
  i would argue that the mods that were closest to myself politically have left a while ago . 
  well , provide a source for that . 
  actually you are mistaken . 
  not only am i not a ` friend ' of anyone currently in the moderating team , i straight up did not know the moderator who stickied it . 
  i have neither asked someone to sticky it , nor did i expect it . 
  and quite frankly , i dont care about the downvotes . 
  it is a goddamn self post . 
   my chancellor would be kicked out of office in november/december/january / february/next monday/next week wait , she still is in office ? 
  reddit told me all germans hate her !, 
   our finance minister is pro-russian comrade sch\u00e4uble reporting in !, 
   ofcourse , nothing comes close to what i 've learned from gop debates : my country is on the brink of a civil war . 
  well , at least the gop debates are fun to watch for us . 
  it gets less funny when you are affected directly . 
  actually you are confusing causation and correlation here . 
  it is not wrong trying to see/seize the opportunities that * could * arise from the migration . 
  yes , the government and even more so the media have likely overestimated the positive impact this will have on us . 
  but no , literally nowhere you will read from a government source or a credible news outlet : `` we need more refugees because they can fix all of our problems '' . 
   you can apply to the country you entered and you want to stay . 
  they dont want to apply to greece , because they dont want to stay in greece . 
  technically it * is * possible for them to apply for asylum however . 
  and since i talked about europe-wide statistics for the most part , it would not even make a difference in the numbers , no matter if they apply in greece or germany . 
   as you know the refugees are not coming with a cozy flight to europe , thus it is expected that the numbers will drop during winter .
