  unfortunately that is not only true for this scenario - modern communication methods have increased the speed of the reality ( you know what i mean ) so much , the political process is almost always too slow . 
  from what i have read , tsipras declined this offer . 
  if he does that , the country will just default . 
  until the election takes place , the greek economy will have crashed totally as their banks would run out of money in a matter of days . 
   throwing 200 billion at the known to be corrupt and oligarch friendly nd and pasok parties if you give out a loan , it doesnt matter who is ruling as long as the loans are payed back . 
  by your logic , no corrupt autocratic government would be able to have debt as no one would lend money to them , however they do . 
  well , technically it is still money that they need . 
  wrong sub mate . 
  the * grundgesetz * is n't provisional anymore by any means . 
  since 1990 , it is the rightful constitution of the federal republic of germany , no matter how it is called . 
  how do you know a ` new ' constitution would be an ` upgrade ' ? 
  the * grundgesetz * has proven that is is working quite well , better than any constitution before in germany . 
  the constituion has also been altered multiple times since it was created , it is not like our state is based on a 66 year old document that was not changed since . 
  a ` new ' constitution would not have more legitimacy than the old one . 
  oh , and the * grundgesetz * has a pretty good standing in the public opinion in germany ( -  constitution patriotism ) , why would you change a name that is connected to positive things ? 
  nobody gives a damn whether it is called constitution or not , all that matters is what it does . 
   call the others conspiracy theorists or liars , but when was the last time , you participated in a plebiscite that had nothing to do with dog shit and frog tunnels . 
  it is not necessary for a democracy to have plebiscites . 
  we are a representative democracy , direct democracy is a different concept . 
  this does not turn our state into a non-democracy . 
   frankfurt recently voted if they wanted that dfb-centre . 
  it failed due to a quorum , yet accumulated more votes against , than the ruling party , and would 've been successful , if it was in bavaria for example , due to them having not a quorum at all . 
  so what ? 
  this is not the fault of the constitution . 
  also , where is the problem with it getting more no-votes than the ruling party ? 
  contrary to a parliamentary election , there are only two options in a plebiscite . 
  it is not like you could vote for options c or d , so it is only natural that there are more votes . 
  unfortunately our voting system is n't without flaws either , however it is certainly better than fptp . 
  we do have a constitution and the constitutional court goes up against the goverment quite regularily and quite successfully . 
  we do have a constitution , it is also working quite well . 
  this dude is spreading wrong facts/conspiration theories . 
  acutally we take it pretty serious . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  our * grundgesetz * fulfills what any other document named * constitution * would do aswell . 
  no other country , no international institution and no representant of the jurisprudence would question the legitimacy of our constitution or of our statehood . 
  judging by your comments , you have never had any legal education , so please dont tell lies about stuff you obviously dont understand . 
  saturday is actually a technocratic date . 
  if greece can not pay the imf rate on the 30th , they will de facto be in default . 
  the greek parliament has three days to discuss whether they want to accept the proposal or not ( by their constitution ) . 
  the german parliament ( amongst other parliaments ) have to give their ok before any money can go to greece . 
  if no agreement is reached on saturday , it is likely that a possible payment would come too late . 
  it is de facto a constitution . 
  a constitution does not need to label itself ` constitution ' to be one . 
  would you mind to explain why you think that the * grundgesetz * is technically no constitution ? 
   and if it is just a relict of the past then why not simply remove it ? 
  because it costs money / prompts inconvenience . 
  what the hell did i just watch ? 
  wait - the uk is n't a colony of the roman empire anymore ? 
  for tourism , yes , as i said . 
  as for the workers - it is not really a matter of vat rate currently . 
  if you go and find a job in france/germany/whereever , you will have more money available , no matter the vat rate . 
  i doubt anyone would say : they increased the vat rate , lets go abroad . 
  we certainly * do * have a constitution . 
  anything claiming that we dont is actually just a conspiracy theory without any legal basis . 
  and since you are quoting art . 
  146 , take a look at ( the former ) article 23 !, 
  the death penalty in hessen is simply irrelevant , a relict of the past without any meaning in the current time . 
  there is no practical difference between it being part of the constitution or not , it would just be a symbolic change . 
  actually an increased vat rate mainly affects tourism ( which still has a reduced vat rate ) , exports and thus the overall competetiveness is not affected as no vat is due when goods are sold and shipped to another eu member state or a non-eu destination . 
  still , the point about the tourism remains ( however the overall development of your tourism sector looked promised , the last few months aside ) . 
  i do not disagree with that . 
  however that is not a ` legal option ' that the eu could pursue . 
  depends on how you interpret ops question . 
  if we are ` only ' talking about the ez , you can de facto kick them out by cutting them off any monetary supplies . 
  actually that does not sound dumb at all . 
   `` allegedly necessary harmonisations or so-called mutual recognition within the framework of ttip should not be allowed , '' weiger argued . 
  -  translates to : the regulations of the main eu laws on chemicals and the ones of the us are so different that the ec currently rules out any mutual recognition of the standarts in this area . 
  i can not take them seriously because they call for the complete suspension of the ttip negotiations while the eu already said that the threat they see is taken into account , furthermore ttip consists of a lot of different parts , many of which dont even remotely affect the bunds field of interest . 
  are you sure that the gouda is not per 100g ? 
  again , the vessels might be violating the territorial waters of the country , that does not mean that they actively engage in the civil war . 
  this is still not related to boats patrolling their coast against human traffickers . 
  whatever interest was pursued by engaging in the libyan war - the current situation with the refugees is something entirely different . 
  you can not overthrow a government by patrolling their borders with boats . 
  so far , it is not planned to extend the military commitment to the landside and it is not planned to take part in the curretn civil war . 
  please tell me how oil can play a role in this . 
  on the right side right below the display of the number of users . 
  this article fails to mention that this guy has been opposed to any help for greece since the beginning of the financial crisis and that his party is ` eurosceptic ' and partly serves right-wing sentiments . 
  bollocks . 
  alsost every country has child benefits , some even more generous than yours . 
  the only similar country i saw was latvia , however it increased by a 100 euros , not by 3000 . 
  it surely is . 
  however this will probably never change . 
  simply due to the fact that authorities like the nsa will neither confirm nor deny accusations . 
  the eu is currently talking about 28 bn in investments in greece . 
  the greek judiciary is severly inefficient , slow and expensive . 
  this is not a parliamentary matter , this is a faulty system , which is - unfortunately - not even remotely easy to fix . 
  fixing the judiciary would also help fixing the corruption problems . 
  actually , no . 
  while i personally dislike assange , most of the stuff wikileaks posted was deemed realistic by major newspapers . 
  the problem is that most of this can not be proven in the retrospective . 
  while some of it might be exaggeration , it was proven that the nsa has both the equipment and the intention to pursue such actions . 
  i prefer being informed on it , even though some parts of it might be wrong . 
  i agree that the shrinking of the economy has ( naturally ) turned the greek situation for the worse . 
   they do , but i 'd be weary in attributing the cause of the crisis to just red tape and bureaucracy . 
  i was not even talking about the cause of the crisis ( even though it played a part in the development towards the current situation ) . 
  i was talking about the future . 
  greece can not survive within the currency union without improving its economy . 
  if they remain on a trade deficit , even a debt cut would not fix their problems - they would run into debt again . 
  investments in greece are desperately needed , however unless they manage corruption problems and their notoriously slow and inefficient authorities and judiciary , most of it will go to waste . 
   am i overreacting ?
