  solutions that sound great but will never work in the real world . 
  solutions that affect weak links of the society . 
   gigafactory is being built , i have n't seen any big factory buildings in europe . 
  better start building fast !, 
  the gigafactory will cost about 5-7 billion , another one that is going to be built in europe will cost the same . 
  so one fledgling auto maker that does n't have skill or capacity is outspending and building the entire german automarket !, 
  i think we can only engage in speculation here . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  the heads of the carmakers are no idiots - they very well know that they need a lot of batteries . 
   tesla has certainly has the capacity for building 500.000 cars since it 's current factory built 500.000 toyata/gm cars a year . 
  it is now at this very moment producing 100k cars a year in that factory and upscaling that to larger number is going to be a challenge but it certainly has the capacity to do so . 
  especially since the gigafactory is responsible for batteries . 
  it is n't capable of producing 500,000 tesla evs in a year at the moment . 
  which is what matters . 
   it sure is , pencils down moment was months ago ( july i believe ) and the interior that is in the current models is the interior that is going to be offered . 
  that 's why the speculation is high that there will be a hud . 
  there might be some small changes in looks of the current model but they allready claimed they do n't have the time to change significant areas of the model 3 from the design that was shown . 
  what tesla announced with a lot of media coverage was what mainstream car makers would call a `` study '' . 
  they still have not published any pictures of the interior on their website - unlike for their other cars . 
  there apparently will be another event for the final reveal in 3-4 months . 
  wrong . 
  what matters is that the us has other limits on pollution . 
  europe tends to focus mainly on co2 while the us puts a lot more emphasis on nox . 
  the us limits are stricter . 
  there were cars in the us risking to be shut down due to these problems . 
  we do not have this threat in europe . 
  the cars in the us lost a lot of value due to the problems - not so in europe . 
  we see a general downwards trend for diesel value and sales , but the affected cars did not see a price drop directly related to `` dieselgate '' . 
  it is also a difference in legal system . 
  we do not really know punitive damages in most of europe . 
  the pre-assembled cars * are * in fact shipped . 
  4 cars per 45 '' container . 
  this is n't exactly cheap . 
  it does n't matter as much when you sell a model s , but it does matter when you are selling a car as cheap as possible . 
  i never even mentioned import taxes - vat will be applied no matter what . 
  the tesla model s ( basis model ) is 66,000 usd without taxes in the us - it is 71,000 $ ( or 75,500 usd ) in germany . 
  the model x ( basis ) is 90,000 usd without taxes in the us - it is 102.940 $ ( or 109.461 usd ) in germany . 
  that 's the us price - which translates to around 33,000 $ . 
  add around 20 % vat on top of that and you are 39,600 $ . 
  not even considering shipping cost and the fact that exchange rate used by us companies offering products in europe is usually worse than the official exchange rate . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it does n't use a credible source . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may provide a credible source in order for this removal to be lifted . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  i would assume that they based it on things like the un declaration of human rights and the echr . 
  these chartas are not `` subjective '' . 
  because pilots are actually trained how to deal with an auto pilot . 
  beause pilots are perfectly aware of what the system can and ca n't do . 
  because the autopilot in airplanes will actually signal the pilots if it no longer ca n't handle the situation . 
   it 's also very expensive , easily 40.000 euro 's . 
  which is crazy . 
  the model 3 will be around 40,000 euros without any extras as well . 
  there is no `` nokia '' moment here however . 
  evs do not fundamentally change driving a car . 
  fossil-powered cars are still perfectly fine to drive and in some areas they still offer advantages over evs . 
  additionally , the update cycle of cars is much slower than the one of phones - plus people even buy used ones . 
   so far the german manufacturers are way to complacent , they even shunned their european customers while shelling out huge amounts of money to the us ones and this while still lying through their teeth . 
  the circumstances in europe and the us are fundamentally different . 
   where are they going to find the batteries ? 
  build them . 
  vw alone will invest 10 billions in battery manufacturing in germany . 
  which is significantly more than tesla spent on its giga factory . 
   the model 3 is in final design and will commence production in 2017-2018 . 
  judging by teslas record on honouring their announcements , it will probably be 2018 . 
  but even then , tesla does not have the capacity to produce sufficient numbers . 
  tesla aims for 500,000 cars in 2020 , which many experts deem to be overly optimistic . 
  we will not see significant numbers of the model 3 in europe before 2019/2020 . 
  the model 3 is not in `` final design '' by the way - the interior is still not finished . 
   the only other cars that audi and porsche have announced will only begin production 2020 and will be products to compete with the model s and x ( in those price scales ) . 
  wrong . 
  q6 will go into production in 2018 . 
  the eq in 2019 . 
   the upgraded egolf that they announced has less then 200km range ( european rates , much more generous then american rating , as usual ) and their concepts have no basis in reality so far and are just pretty drawings . 
  the upgraded egolf has around 200km real range . 
  the official `` european rate '' ( nedc ) is 300 km . 
  we can expect more range increses until 2018 . 
  about the concepts : several carmakers have announced that they will start offering their complete range of cars as evs - no need for concepts in this regard . 
   charger network . 
  the german car makers will likely not build up own chargers for every brand . 
  nor will they offer free charging like tesla ( still ) does . 
   regarding the delay to europe , the model x was only delayed 6 months for the european launch , that 's not a significant amount of time . 
  there were 30,000 preorders for the model x , not 400,000 . 
  even today , the volume of the model x is significantly lower than the one they aim for in the model 3 . 
  again , the circumstances in europe and the us are fundamentally different . 
  compensating people in europe in the same way would be unjustified and wrong . 
  by the time where the model 3 is available here in larger numbers , every single one of the companies you mentioned will offer long-range evs . 
  i am honestly not that worried . 
  yougov germany has a vague reference that followers of the political left in your country have a tendency towards authoritarian populist attitudes . 
  0 % really does n't make any sense . 
   to identify the authoritarian populist groupings exploratory factor analysis was used on a series of variables associated with the theoretical foundations of authoritarian populism ( anti-human rights , anti-eu , anti-immigrant , pro-strong foreign policy ) with an alpha scale check that gives you a reliability coefficient . 
   inevitably , the interpretation and grouping of results of this type is as much an art as a science , so the results involve the analyst 's own judgement . 
  unsurprisingly , the analysis by country produces slightly different patterns in each country , demonstrating the varying political landscapes . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed for editorialisation , because its title does not reflect the title or content of the link . 
  see the [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) .
