  out of those , 79,175 have been male . 
  males between 14 and 34 ( thats the default values i have to work with ) are 48,770 . 
  that would put us at 40.6 % . 
  lets do this for the whole of 2015 ( again eurostat , this time all states ) : 1,321,560 applications in total . 
  953,460 males . 
  652,785 males between 14 and 34 . 
  so , we can say that the whole of europe did not have `` one million males between 15 and 35 '' . 
  not even talking about origin . 
  if you just look at syria , you e.g. 
  have roughly 165k males of that age in 2015 . 
  of course , all of this is not complete due to the people not yet processed as i explained above . 
  but even if you add the numbers up , you do not even come close to your claim . 
   also dublin agreement is a legal reality that includes specific provisions that allow us to process anyone we like . 
   germany it is not the external border of the ue , so germany does n't have any obligation . 
  true , but we can not be people be stuck in legal no man 's land . 
  since we can not deport people back to greece ( court decisions ) , we have no other chance but process them . 
   greece is under trojka for about 3-4 years , so they are no more a sovereign state . 
  no matter what you might argue , their acting is souvereign . 
  the bailout is not connected to any obligations in other policy areas . 
   greece have to control they external border , but it decides to not stop the flood . 
  partly true . 
  greece has made severe problems in this area , perhaps also because it was convenient to them . 
  however , the greek border is pretty much impossible to secure . 
  if they have someone in their territorial waters , they can not send these people back to turkey as this would mean violating turkish territory . 
  as a result , they ( and thus the eu ) are stuck with the refugees . 
   what turkey have done is simply an act of war versus a foreign country . 
  nope . 
  they are not forced to control their border so that nobody leaves . 
  there are no obligations of this kind . 
  when external borders do n't work internal border are a necessity . 
  we have less than 500 people passing a day . 
  these people are being registered and distributed in germany . 
  it is completely tolerable for us to have 180k a year . 
   countries that do n't follow dublin agreement . 
  we are in any way following dublin . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to find reliable data . 
  one source talks about 2900 in `` the first days of march '' , whatever that means . 
  the article is from yesterday , so if it meant all days up to this day , it would match the ~ 500/day . 
  at the end of februrary , which was before things were shut down completely by macedonia , we were at roughly 500 a day . 
  which is absolutely tolerable , it would mean 180k a year . 
  we are used to ~ 2000 a day and the peak was above 10k . 
  austria announced that the maximum they would let through is 3200 a day . 
  i 'd like to point you at this comment of mine that i wrote earlier : [ click ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4acx1r/germany_wont_change_policy_after_gains_for/d0zksa9 ) . 
  based on this , it is fair to say that people actually voted * for * merkels policy and not against it . 
   one million arabs males in 15-35 years old there has never been a sentence that has been more wrong than this . 
  yes , the majority in the last year has been arab males . 
  but neither is there a million of them ( we likely dont ' t even have one million from the arab countries in total ) , nor is there one million between 15-35 . 
  most likely , we do not even have one million men . 
  check the stats , you will see that i am correct . 
   plus the actual foreign population is much more that 10 % in this age group . 
  actually the existing foreign population has a different age group . 
   thinking that germany wants to import another millions of people in the same age group ... 
  does not make sense because of my previous statement . 
   germany do n't have any limits in refugee numbers this is a legal ( constitutional ) reality , not a policy . 
   balkan route do n't have to close we were highly critical of it because it was done without talking to greece , the county that will be affected the most by doing so . 
   selfies of merkel with refugees maybe a mistake , but nothing that would indicate anything or would have any meaning unless you want interpret one into it . 
   hungary and austria have been much more effective in controlling the flood . 
  germany simply does n't seems that it wants to stop it . 
  hungary and austria actually have borders that are not schengen borders . 
  what border do you want us to close and why ? 
   building walls is necessary sometimes . 
  but for what reason . 
  we are surrounded by allies , countries that are part of schengen . 
  we wo n't build walls . 
  full stop . 
   i am not sure if turkey is a trusworthy partner to make agreements let 's find out . 
  it ca n't really do us much harm , can it ? 
  three billions ? 
  pff . 
   visa free travel i find problematic for what reason ? 
  it is not like we are going to include them into schengen . 
  we will still know who came here and who left . 
  if someone wants to stay in europe , he can get a tourist visa and simply disappear currently . 
  it would be interesting to know what share of visa requests are acutally denied currently . 
   this is a great victory for erdogan and in this way we support his government yes , it is . 
  and i am not particulary happy about it either . 
  but sometimes , some matters are more important ones . 
  us not dealing with erdogan as much in the last decade has n't really yielded other results . 
  we continuously deal with people that have questionable ideals or understanding of democracy . 
  yet we continue to deal with them , because it greatly benefits us . 
  why should that suddenly become different with erdogan ? 
   maybe all sides know promises about eu membership are empty . 
  but it is some sort of symbolic gesture to support erdogan . 
  and a great humiliation to eu that turkey enforced us to make those promises . 
  everyone knows turkey under erdogan cant be eu member . 
  it is about starting eu accession talks , not about actually letting them in . 
  no matter what , they will have to fulfill the criteria . 
  which ensures that an autocratic turkey wo n't be part of the eu . 
   this is a true dictatorship . 
  you obviously label everthing you can not agree with as ` dictatorship ' . 
  she has a solid mandate , her party is still leading by a large margin , her approval ratings are picking up ( despite already being higher than the approval ratings of most european leaders ) . 
  what more do you want ? 
  it 's a goddamn representative democracy , if people do not like her , they can elect someone else . 
  our foreign population is 10 % , some groups are significantly bigger than the groups of syrians or iraqis that have come here now . 
  yet we do not have ethnical problems . 
  why should that change ? 
   this is not unrealistic hope at all . 
  given that there are still thousands of people coming into turkey , i would say that it seems pretty unrealistic . 
  they might not reach our soil anymore , but they come into europe nevertheless .
