  if you talk about it being a disgrace , you seriously have not even a clue . 
  of course they have this kind of target , but they likely wo n't use measures like qe . 
  it is exactly that : a political decision . 
  but no matter whether you agree with that decision or not , it is stupid to argue with the laws on whether she should have declined it or not . 
  what i was arguing is that legally , it is completely fine for her to delegate this decision to the courts without taking a strong position . 
  it might be possible to construe some kind of obligation to allow it under international law , but this will not be put to a test since she allowed it . 
  not more and not less . 
  and i disagree with you . 
  i do not think that it sends a signal to ` autocrats all over the world ' . 
  i also ca n't see how this decision would majorly impact the supporters of these autocrats over here . 
  while i probably disagree with the decision in general , i have a lot of faith in our legal system to handle this properly . 
  i would like this to go up to the bverfg because i expect this case to strengthen the freedom of art and expression . 
  i simply thing that a lot of the comments regarding this issue are confusing merkels action with a final decision on the legality of the matter and that the impact is overexaggerated . 
  and i expected germany to be lower . 
  nobody is giving up the freedom of speech here . 
  the freedom of speech is not weakened by this decision honestly . 
  thank you for trying to educate me on my profession . 
   is the mistake that will cost her the political future . 
  doubt that . 
   by the way , good satire that an account called `` marktplatz '' tries to defend merkel . 
  it is not exactly a defence , it is clearing up with bullshit . 
  merkel has no legal obligation to make a decision , simply delegating it to the courts without taking position on the legality is completely fine . 
  a different decision could have been desirable , but purely legally speaking , it is wrong to talk about disregarding the law here . 
  [ here 's a link to the translation of the stgb ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1035 ) . 
  the relevant section for the case is 103 , when it comes to the government authorization , it is 104a . 
   she 's not fit to lead , because a leader would make descisions and wo n't deligate his bestowed power for not being ` fit to lead ' she has done an astonishing amount of leading in the last decade . 
  i never talked about legal obligation ( even though you could make a case that there is a de facto obligation through international law ) . 
  it is still logical . 
  plus it is actually section 104a and not 103 talking about the decision . 
  true . 
  which is good , the cc is a very strong advocate for freedom of arts and speech . 
  laws apply to everyone , not just our citizens . 
  which is not unrealistic . 
  it would have to go through all courts and the constitutional court can be pretty slow at times . 
  two years are gone faster than most people can imagine when you are talking about the legal system . 
  this should not be a facto for a decision like this however . 
  the goal is justice , not saving money . 
  what should happen ? 
  if people violate laws , these laws will be applied . 
  i do not know about the legal situation in turkey . 
  but most likely , merkel would not give a fuck . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  nothing is shut down . 
  we will have a fine and independent court decision on the issue now . 
  which is completely fine . 
  the protection of art and free speech is not that weak here . 
  it 's not her personal opinion , it seems to be her opinion as the leader of our government . 
  given that she talked about discussions in he coalition , it is very clear that it is also the position of the coalition . 
  additionally , the opposition will back this . 
  well , not really . 
  she has no legal obligation to weigh in on the issue . 
  if she wants a court decision , that is completely fine . 
  this statement does not even make sense . 
  this has nothing to do with ` democracy ' . 
  it also has nothing to do with not valuing the freedom of speech very little . 
  it simply means that the courts will decide this as they do with every regular case of alleged defamation . 
  merkel made no judgement here , this will be up to the courts to decide . 
  well , whatever . 
  the courts will decide now . 
  which is not necessarily a a bad thing . 
  people make it sound like merkel sold out our values by this decision - she simply delegated it to the courts . 
  it 's a little bit different . 
  that specific law requires the governments consent to start persecution . 
  merkel essentially said that this is not upon the government to decide but that it should be a court decision . 
  from a legal standpoint , it is logical . 
  that is not clear . 
  we can not separate these two things . 
  both measures played a part . 
  was n't meant to be an attack on civilization . 
  corrected that now to avoid confusion . 
  what i meant by this is that greece is in fact paying less on their debt than for example italy ( in terms of relative interest etc. 
  does n't change a thing really . 
  for long term sustainability : yes . 
  but greece is incapable of running its budget even in the short term while paying less on their debt than most comparable countries . 
  maybe . 
  but not before going through five years of crisis . 
  because we would inevitably face an economic downturn . 
  rising unemployment , lower tax revenue . 
  it would n't be pretty . 
  we would simply not do that . 
  it goes up against the core principles of german monetary policy . 
  the bundesbank has one primary task : price stability . 
  it is not their goal to ensure economic wellbeing and competitive exchange rates . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  just because it worked in the past does not mean that we would not face a crisis . 
  we certainly would . 
  yes , we are extremely competitive , but we should not fool ourselves . 
  the euro really boosted our industry , the undervalued currency made us significantly more competitive . 
  if we returned to the mark , we could likely wave goodbye to record levels of employment and tax revenue . 
  it is a problem because abolishing criminal defamation would essentially put us at a lower protection level than you due to the difference in dealing with civil defamation cases . 
  here 's the problem : it does n't work that way . 
  yes , you can take them to a court for civil issues . 
  but no , you can not transfer the significance of that measure from the uk to other jurisdictions . 
  our systems differ . 
  all that matters is that the result is good . 
  which it is in both of our countries . 
  despite all reports about single incidents of problems , our legal systems are top notch . 
  tax competition is actually completely fine as long as everyone is playing fair . 
  we do have tax competition within our own country , why should it be illegal on the european level ? 
   that is exactly what is happening .
