  valid concern , but the same could be said about any other pipeline . 
  south stream would have done the same , the pipeline through poland does the same . 
   undercutting ukraine by some billions of dollars it gets from transit in process , hitting its economic stability even further as harsh as it sounds , ukraines economic benefit is a direct fee on our purchases . 
  why should we hold it up ? 
  you asked why germans are defensive of the policy of building ns . 
  this is the direct answer to it . 
  it is benefitial to us , it reduces cost ( as it cuts out transit fees ) and is more reliable ( there are no possible interruptions due to political or economical issues with transit countries ) . 
  whether it is ethical is another question . 
   unreasonably higher gas prices for some , random banning of certain fruits , wines , fish ( for estonia ) , wood ( for finland ) just to screw up with their economies . 
  these are the countermeasures for our sanctions . 
  was n't there a number very recently that germany lost about 20 billion in annual trade with russia , about half the pre-sanction level ? 
   they kept messing with everyone just because they can , and now they invaded georgia and ukraine and that 's why there are sanctions in place . 
  gas is n't sanctioned , and for good reason . 
  russia could not survive without the money ( and a state collapse is not what we want ) and we could not go without russian gas . 
   but it 's beneficial for you to make a billion dollar deal with them so it 's all fine . 
  you 're good at painting things black and white here . 
  hardly feasible . 
  the third energy package set the rules for it , if it doesnt comply , we will not see a fourth energy package allowing it . 
  especially not given the opposition in parts of europe . 
   everyone can blame you . 
  you know , besides all the other countries that are part of building ns2 , including the netherlands and france . 
   you joined an entity 's where your european partners are supposed to be closer than the closest possible ally . 
  our allies in the eu are poland and the baltics ( who were offered access to ns2 ) and not ukraine . 
   germany with the one that is always calling the european solidarity but always seems to be the first to drop it when it 's inconvenient . 
  its arguable that this is ` lack of solidarity ' . 
   if that comes at the price of screwing ee , yes i can as i said , access was offered . 
   also , if this is about economics , please explain why poland pays much more than germany for the same russian gas ? 
  better relations , higher consumption . 
   there is this thing called solidarity ... :p solidarity with whom ? 
  ukraine ? 
  if poland declines because it wants to protect ukraine , this is none of our business . 
  the eu does not have a joint foreign policy of this kind as of yet . 
   except that russia threatens to cut the supply should any of the ee give gas to e.g. 
  ukraine . 
  first of all , there are other gas sources than russia . 
  secondly , germany is too important for russia to cut our supply . 
  we are not ` rewarding ' anyone for anything . 
  yet it very recently signed a very significant deal , increasing russias share to 9 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-centrica-gas-deals-idukkbn0ny1fh20150513 ), 
  maybe because the pipeline is not violating treaties and because it is beneficial for us ? 
  of course this was n't a neutral deal . 
  nobody claims that . 
  however it did compy with the rules at that time . 
  well , you can not blame us for trying to reduce costs . 
  and no , at least according to the german side , north stream access was offered to poland and baltic countries but they declined . 
  i would appreciate infrastructure to get gas from western/central europe into eastern europe to reduce russia 's control over the gas supply of ee . 
  and other countries increased their purchases as well , especially the uk . 
  gentle reminder that poland and the other states might be opposed to it because they would prefer a landline where they can earn money from the transit . 
  we need to be fair with russia . 
  yes , they are using it as a political weapon . 
  but the problems with ukraine are mainly caused by failed payments . 
  we are in the position again currently . 
  well , it can very clearly be determined whether germany is playing by the rules or not . 
  north stream 1 was negotiated before the regulations that stopped south stream were introduced and i am pretty certain that they will obey the rules for north stream ii . 
  who gets stabbed ? 
  basically ` only ' ukraine . 
  a country that we hope we will be able to welcome to the eu at some day , but the current situation and past events show that ukraine is everything but a reliable transit country ( if only by the fact that russia is playing with them ) . 
  it 's actually not that wrong to try to limit the problems that could arise . 
  yes , germany is too reliant on russian gas . 
  but so far , russia has been extremely reliable and given their need for money , this wo n't change any time soon . 
  greece conducted the russia-turkey-greece pipeline deal ( which is now halted due to the downing of the jet ) , nobody talked about ` stabbing someone in the back ' . 
  i agree that , to prevent blackmail from russia , we should build infrastructure that allows us to push gas into the countries that have been circumvented by the pipeline , but that could be done in a separate project . 
  germany does not have the power to prevent south stream by itself . 
  south stream in the proposed form violated eu treaties , let 's see whether north stream 2 does . 
  i admit that it is not really a gentlemen 's move but please stay with the facts . 
  well , even my sparkling water has this info . 
  pretty much everything you can buy in germany is labeled . 
  i do n't know how it is in the other eu countries . 
  you ignore a few things . 
  when reparations were suspended , hitlers party already was victorious in the german elections . 
  in 1930 , they came second , only beaten by the social democrats . 
  there was also the occupation of the ruhr due to germany failing to honor versailles commitments , which lead to the worst part of inflation in germany ( hyperinflation in 1923 ) . 
  the versailles treaty certainly played a major part in how germany eventually developed . 
  and i would argue that it was the combination of a stick and a lot of good will . 
  a stick alone would have done nothing . 
  versailles and the consequences for germany , paired with the recession at that time leveled the field for hitler . 
  and it does not matter whether versailles was ` fair ' or if the humiliation was justified . 
  the problem was that it made demands that could not be fulfilled . 
  well , surely it 's more dangerous but a general ban seems to be a bit harsh to me . 
  also : why at this point ? 
  it 's not like there is new data on the dangers of driving in reverse i guess . 
  does n't this ban maneuvering backwards into a parking lot as well ( theoretically ) ? 
  of course it is fine , as long as the americans are n't taking over completely . 
  especially when the answer is as good as yours , 
  what 's the background for the second one ? 
  i do think that origins are important as well , but not when it comes to making this decision . 
  to understand the background of it , sure . 
  the ehcr is lifting everyone on the same level , not some people above others . 
  well , tell me how it is relevant today . 
  the brexit discussion is not about whether you were `` lied to '' in the first place but about pros and cons of a eu membership * today * . 
  peace with russia , but not with each other . 
  nato alone would not have been sufficient for long-term peace . 
  we have seen with the league of nations how quickly things like this can dissolve . 
  this is not yet clear . 
  as i said , i have no problem with the u.k. holding this vote , but for fucks sake , stop bringing up stories that are completely irrelevant today . 
  if your people were fully aware of what the vote meant in the first place , it would not change a damn thing today . 
  if you are dissatisfied , you are dissatisfied and you should not make yourself a slave of your past or your ( deceased ) ancestors . 
  vote with a clear head , based on * todays * matters . 
  you are the one shouting * we were lied to yada yada * . 
  we did not force the uk to enter , for the wrong public assumption of the meaning of the vote , your own people are to blame , nobody else .
