   i think that most people here would be happy to live in a prosperous country that does n't let itself be dragged into everybody 's squabbles . 
  you are too big to play switzerland . 
  debateable . 
   russia has been saying they 'd be willing to let assad go as long as the regime itself would stay in place since like 2012 . 
  i doubt that this is what the us meant by a ` transitioning process ' . 
   and we 've done nothing about it , basically giving him license to murder his people . 
  you mean apart from designating 500 million dollars for training of 5400 syrian rebels a year ? 
  a project that did not have any effect on the war because it was an utter failure ? 
   if it was up to france & fabius , the west would have taken out assad a long time ago . 
  i doubt that . 
  if you want to keep assad around , you would have to support assad fighting the fsa . 
  it would also prompt a lot of other problems . 
  was n't it your president that called assad the root of all evil in syria just a few days ago ? 
  well , as much as i dislike expansionist policies and military action , we ( as europe ) can not be afford to stay out of conflicts that critically affect us on our own soil . 
  i think russia has the most to lose here . 
  the eu is heavily affected through the refugee crisis , however russias interests limit the options that they can agree with . 
  the problem is that , in the same turn , people both inside and outside the uk complain about the uk becoming irrelevant . 
  you cant really have both . 
  well , doesnt speak for them still . 
  a syria without assad faces similar challenges as iraq - the is and the dispute between two religious groups . 
  currently , the assad regime is heavily favoring the syrian minority that are alawites . 
  how do you think this is going to turn out in a post-assad area ? 
  they also face a lot more challenges , for example an infrastructure that is in ashes and a domestic refugee crisis . 
  especially considering that all parties to this day refuse to even talk about ` boots on the ground ' in syria . 
  they are somehow in the belief that everything in syria can be solved through air strikes and a political solution . 
  i have my doubts on that . 
  the ` patience at home ' is not better than it was concerning iraq . 
   what positive development has europe managed to effect in syria in four years ? 
  what postitive development did the named parties have on the conflict ? 
  the us armed rebels , iran and russia delivered weapons to assad , turkey has housed the fsa , saudi-arabia has spend a lot of money on various affected groups . 
  yes , very positive . 
   and completely different ideas of getting there . 
  compare merkel and hollande on syria . 
  thats why its negotiations . 
  and as i said in my original post , i would understand leaving germany out as our approach is different to the ones of the uk and france . 
  but leaving out a country that is already involved ? 
  does n't sound that good of an approach to me . 
   the rest of the parties have finally signalled their willingness to let assad be part of a transitional government iran did ? 
  dont think so . 
  russia did ? 
  the have a lot to lose in syria . 
  turkey did not agree to assad as a transition as far as i am concerned . 
  so you would rather trust countries that participate in the conflicts on both sides ( sa ) , invade their neighbors and have important interests in the area ( russia ) , have a bad track record with wars in the last time ( us ) , a country that is directly affiliated with the ` problem ' ( assad , iran ) and a country that is attacking the forces fighting against the is ( turkey ) . 
  yes , sounds like a perfect round , they will find a solution in no time . 
  this happened over a decade ago . 
  the people in charge now are completely different to the people back then . 
  the reality today is a compeltely different one . 
   even today , germany , france and the uk have completely divergent foreign policy goals . 
  for syria they have exactly one goal : overcoming the war . 
  problem is that * nobody * has a realistic plan for it . 
  in the proposed group  us , russia , iran , saudi arabia and turkey the relations are a lot more difficult than between the european nations . 
  also , all of these countries have something at stake here , some are open enemies . 
  it can be very benefitial to peace talks to have a ` third party ' involved . 
   governments can run into debt ? 
  all governments are indebted . 
   choices must be made as to where to spend money , and where not to ? 
  regular court cases cost money as well . 
  the largest part of isds expenses are experts , research and evaluation anyways . 
   governments or international courts can be corrupt , or make bad judgements ? 
  of course that can happen . 
   i do n't understand why you insist on considering isds only under eternally ideal circumstances . 
  you do n't evaluate new legislation or changes to the system based on assuming everything will always work out in the best possible way forever . 
  i think the future conditions in the eu for isds will not decrease . 
   you ca n't make your point or answer my question in less than 40 pages ? 
  i claimed that the alternative harms relationships of states . 
  i tried to outline the essence by saying `` what could go wrong if a state agitates against acts of another state on behalf of its industry '' . 
   i 'm phrasing it in a way that makes it clear who the change is negative for and who the change is positive for . 
  you and your government are getting the bad end of the deal , foreign corporations are getting the good . 
  yes , of course the governments are better off without isds . 
  the governments would also be better off if they were not bound by laws . 
  this is not about the benfit of the governments but about fairness and reliable , neutral court action . 
   i do n't see that it 's a bad thing for the legal system of my country to be biased towards the interests of the citizens of my country . 
  that 's rather the point of having a sovereign country in the first place . 
  this is however not the issue with isds . 
  isds is just designed to hold up the non-discrimination that was negotiated in the trade treaty . 
  and no , i do not think it is justified to discriminate . 
  it works both ways . 
   but if money were not a factor , would you agree that all cases involving foreigners should be handled by international courts ? 
  they are free to go into arbitration as any other individual . 
  again , they usually do not sue the state so the potential of discrimination is a lot less . 
   that 's how insurance works , no ? 
  if the cost of insurance is n't worth the risk of what it 's covering , you do n't buy it . 
  despite the fact that it has the potential of hindering investments and that it is sometimes part of an individual investment contract where the state agrees with paying for that insurance . 
  in the end , the state is worse off financially . 
  how is that of relevance today ? 
  iraq was not exactly a good example that speaks for the capability of the us to handle wars ( or more precise - the outcome ) . 
  the heck ? 
  but why ? 
  i could * potentially * understand the reasoning behind leaving germany out as we are usually opposed to military action . 
  however france , which is already carrying out air strikes against is in syria and the uk , the largest military power in the eu and supposedly the most important ally of the us ? 
   because circumstances can change . 
  tell me what should change . 
  i dont see anything changing . 
   right , all the participants of the ttip apparently have infinite guaranteed money to fight infinite cases for all eternity . 
  the average isds case costs a country 4 million . 
  money that the claimant will have to pay if he loses in the future . 
   this is the exact opposite of `` specific . '', 
  it proves my point and answers your question though . 
  so you do agree that foreign corporations gain significant additional power over domestic governments ? 
  do you actually look at the state of affairs in your country and think `` gee , i wish foreign corporations had more leverage against my elected representatives '' ?
