  the highest claims reach 62 % , but they are considered much too high . 
  most of the laws also do not come direcly from the eu . 
  they are still made by your government to fulfill eu tasks . 
   judgements made by the ecj and the ec of human rights will take precedence over any judgements made by scottish courts membership in the echr is completely independent from the eu . 
  even switzerland , norway , liechtenstein and iceland have signed it . 
  the ecj can only judge about things that it has authority on . 
   your scottish electorate may elect 1.6 % of the members of the european parliament . 
  sounds about right . 
  denmark gets 1.7 % . 
   the parliament can not propose legislation and strictly controls any debate of issues . 
  true , it can not propose legislation yet . 
  i do not know what is meant by `` strictly controls any debate of issues '' . 
   the parliament moves from brussels to strasbourg once a months not sure about the frequency , but they do move between these destinations , yes . 
  the travelling costs of doing this are around eur 25 mio per annum . 
  maintaining all seats costs around eur 150 million a year . 
   scotland will obey all 3/4 million pages of eu rules and regulations . 
  did not check on the number claim , but your companies already abide all these regulations . 
  effectively , nothing would change . 
  even outside the eu , you will likely obey these regulations as you want to sell to the eu . 
   you will bear the costs of implementing and policing these regulations , estimated at 6\u00a01/2 % of your gdp . 
  i do not know where this number comes from , but you are already implementing and policing these regulations . 
  effectively , nothing would change for you and you would not experience these costs ( if they are correct ) . 
   we will give you back around half of your eu membership fee , but you must spend this only in ways we approve of . 
  i honestly can not estiamate whether this is correct or not . 
  the calculation for how much a country pays and gets back are a bit complicated . 
   you may trade freely within the eu , but you may not develop your own trade agreements with countries outside the eu . 
  the eu will control all such agreements . 
  yes . 
  but this is not problematic for scotland . 
  scotland is a very small country on the world stage . 
  your negotiation power is much bigger through the eu . 
  not even talking about the 52 agreements that the eu already holds trade agreements with - you would have to renegotiate agreements with all these countries . 
   your fishing grounds are now eu resources and scotland will have a 30 % fishing quota they already are . 
  ca n't talk about the 30 % claim . 
   scotlands currency will be the euro , replacing your temporary use of the pound sterling . 
  wrong . 
  yes , the eu has some kind of obligation to join the euro , but eastern europe does n't have it and sweden continues to violate some specific criterias in order to not join the euro . 
  it is certainly possible to be in the eu without adopting the euro . 
   austerity measures imposed immediately will reduce scotlands deficit to eu norms . 
  nope . 
  scotland will however be expected to reduce its budget to below 3 % deficite . 
   failure to comply will require that the scottish government be replaced with eu officials . 
  wrong . 
  this has never happened , will never happen and * can * never happen . 
   scotland has no border with the eu . 
  so what ? 
  you are on a goddamn island . 
  it is not like you would have a direct border with the eu anyways . 
   any number of eu citizens may live and work there . 
  there are certain limitations . 
   this right is to be extended to a further 153 million poor people as the eu expands . 
  you could veto all of these countries joining . 
   you will accept quotas of illegal migrants , mostly young muslim males wrong . 
  if quotas are ever going to be implemented - resettlements usually consist of families , not single males . 
   we will expect your armed forces to progressively come under eu control . 
  depends on the further development of the eu . 
  but if we are honest : scotland is n't the biggest military power anyways , plus it is quite pacifistic . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** these claims are full of shit . 
  sure . 
  the alternative policies that were proposed would have been much better . 
  oh wait - there were n't any . 
  there have been no serious alternative proposals in the euro crisis or the refugee crisis . 
  the other big players knew that they would be fucked royally in the case of a greek bankruptcy ( mainly italy and france ) and there was not a single coherent approach to the refugee crisis . 
  but please , go on living in your little bubble that it 's all germanys fault . 
  it 's certainly much easier than realizing it 's not all black and white . 
  we have n't done the most benefitial things , but at least we tried . 
  which is nothing that could be said about certain other european countries . 
  well , several london-based banks have been reported to be looking for office space in frankfurt in the last few weeks . 
  some of them are certainly preparing to move at least parts of their business into parts of europe that will remain part of the eu . 
  but yeah , announcing it on day 1 is a bit quick . 
  yea sure . 
  mr. 22 day old account . 
  [ a spokesperson for morgan stanley told the independent that the reports were untrue and that the bank has no immediate plans to make changes . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/morgan-stanley-brexit-eu-referendum-jobs-dublin-frankfurt-a7100911.html ), 
  you know that you ca n't sell this to the voters . 
  none of the `` northern '' countries would accept that . 
  and somewhat rightfully so . 
  greece enjoyed superb conditions for reforms and financing their debt in the first decade of this millennium . 
  yet they failed to do any of that . 
  yes , it sucks for the poor . 
  but you have to understand that the argument ` think of the poor ' does not validate all policies . 
  greece has over 70 billions in tax claims that have not been payed - they could easily provide for the poor with that money . 
  i can fully understand where you are coming from , but why should we foot the bill for political failures in other countries ? 
  if people are unwilling to reform their country , be it in greece or in your country , they have to bear the consequences . 
  and it is quite a political argument : if there is no pressure for reform ( through the poor struggling for example ) , there wo n't be any reform . 
  it also expropriates savers everywhere . 
  well , a weaker euro would not solve these problems either - it would only delay them for a few years . 
  i am aware that it is the german model - but it is the model everyone signed up for . 
  claiming that `` germany is controlling the value of the euro '' is ridiculous however . 
  keep in mind that it was you who wanted us in the euro , not the other way around . 
  keep in mind that it was you that wanted to include the weaker states like greece , not us . 
  blaming us for this now is stupid . 
  also : germany will never accept the euro to become a weak currency . 
  this would prompt us to leave the euro . 
  having an independent central bank is non-negotiable for us . 
  and pretty much everybody agrees that the currency would be irrelevant without us . 
  if you want a proper weak currency , feel free to leave the euro . 
  because the uk does not want to become a second norway , so no efta 2 . 
  because continental europe is opposed to letting the uk into the eea, 
  well , it is what a majority of you voted for .
