  if the us was n't in the picture here ( with the compensations ) , there would not even be a discussion about it . 
  people would demand that their cars are fixed , but nobody would ask for compensation . 
  i have lived in one of the chicago suburbs and audis seemed to be the predominant brand for luxury cars as well . 
  cadillacs have become insanely rare . 
  i think the most interesting part is that nobody in the us drives a french car . 
   the very thought of $ 38k for a passat is insane to me . 
  it feels like a whole different car however . 
  europeans demand better build quality for their cars and the cars themselves are designed for different speeds . 
  the suspension for us vws for example is simply not suited for german autobahns . 
  this finds expression in the prices . 
  additionally , our cars tend to be more expensive because our people producing these cars tend to earn significantly more than their american and mexican counterparts . 
  of course , maintenance cost is an issue in the us - not as much in the eu . 
  i think it is a good policy to stick to american , japanese and south korean cars in the us unless you inted to spend 50k + $ . 
  personally , i found the us vws so appalling that i would never have considered buying one . 
  i would buy a european one however . 
   audi sales in the us are not strong compared to other makes at the same price bracket . 
  audi has never been fully accepted in north american markets . 
  well , if we look at the car sales in the us ( june 2016 ) : audi : 18,445 mercedes : 31,558 bmw : 28,855 jaguar : 2,743 cadillac : 11,236 ( april ) volvo : 8,588 [ source ] ( http://online.wsj.com/mdc/public/page/2_3022-autosales.html ) [ source for cadillac ] ( http://gmauthority.com/blog/2016/05/general-motors-u-s-sales-down-3-5-percent-to-259557-units-in-april-2016/ ) i can think of no other cars in the same price category . 
  the big japanese and south korean cars are cheaper . 
  i 'd call these sales alright , especially given that audi had significant image problems in the us just a few decades back . 
  read again what / u/shoryukenist asked and what i answered . 
  we were talking about the value of the cars in * europe , * not about the us . 
   there is no representational damage affecting values at all ? 
  not that i am aware of . 
   not buying something to be `` green '' does n't mean you want to buy something that violates the law . 
  the thing is : the cars over here are not endangered of having their operating licenses revoked . 
  they might violate emission standards , but who cares really ? 
  older cars emit the same or more yet you are allowed to operate them . 
  there will be a simple fix ( for some cars , it is a part worth 1 $ that is sufficient ) and people will forget about it . 
  and that 's what matters for vw . 
  they never made much money from the vw-branded cars in the us anyways . 
  it 's a different story for audi or porsche . 
  in case you are not aware : car prices in the us are insanely low compared to europe . 
  just did a quick check : the cheapest passat in the us is 23,260 $ ( + tax ) . 
  a similar passat in germany would cost you around 35,000 $ ( 38,700 $ including tax ) . 
  vw significantly stripped down their cars , used cheaper/other materials , other motors to push down prices to match the us market . 
  audi and porsche are premium cars anyways , so they did n't have to engage in price warfare as much . 
   have the values not suffered over there ? 
  nope . 
  there is no data that would suggest a noticeable price drop due to these problems . 
  this is , amongst other things , based on two things : the overwhelming majority of cars here can be fixed to be within legal limits and europeans never bought diesel because they were `` green '' anyways . 
   it 's going to be a microscopic market share . 
  depends on what you call `` vws market share '' . 
  audi and porsche are still going strong in the us and that likely wo n't change . 
   sure it is . 
  you might want to look up the defition of `` stealing '' . 
   then let people google it and give ft.com the clicks and potential ad revenue . 
  nothing wrong with that if ft wants that , they should make their links directly acessible and not just through google . 
   good luck then with even stricter paywalls in the future and only buzzfeed type journalism . 
  the user shapes the offer . 
  oh i am aware of the issues concerning the lack of a fiscal union . 
  i am certain that the euro can not exist forever in the way it currently does . 
  germany leaving the currency would not fix these problems however . 
   once things heat up again it will become a problem again . 
  and you know that because of your extended education in complex economic theory ? 
  the matter of fact is that germany is becoming less competitive inside europe due to high wage increases and policy changes . 
  a ) this is not stealing b ) the article is freely accessible through google c ) we are all aware of what he did d ) nobody gives a fuck . 
   the pension age could then be 67 , 70 or maybe 75 in a few short years i still think that the concept of a fixed retirement age is outdated . 
  people doing manual labor can not be expected to work until they are 67 , people working in offices can , under optimal circumstances , easily work past 70 . 
   it 's at least better than having an very strong euro which basically kills the competitiveness of especially southern-european countries . 
  why do n't these countries leave the euro instead then ? 
  it is not us who have a problem with the realities and rules of the euro , it 's them . 
   also , why do i have a deja vu feeling regarding this discussion ? 
  probably because it occurs in the comment section of literally every article that even remotely touches this topic . 
   the solution could be germany is kicked out the euro you know that this would kill the euro as a significant currency , do you ? 
  if germany left , you would see the netherlands , finland , the baltics , austria and maybe belgium quit aswell . 
  leaving it to be a weak currency for southern europe that can not compete with the other world currencies . 
  a weaker currency also does n't `` fix '' the problems of southern europe . 
  it was . 
  it however is n't / was n't as crucial as other infrastructure projects like the north-south line . 
  it is also one of the projects with questionable benfits . 
   today one has to simply look at infrastructure projects like s21 well , it is being built after all . 
   the north-south energy line there 's more to it than ` just ' protest of normal people . 
  political opposition for example ( looking at you , csu )  or the rheintalbahn has been a project for over a century . 
   have lead to massive political consequences , like s21 arguably , it has been s21 in conjunction with fukushima . 
  s21 alone would not have been enough for the greens to take bw . 
  i disagree . 
  it does n't . 
  we can not let the government get blackmailed in my opinion . 
  if they solved every problem this way , infrastructure cost would go through the roof as people would realize that the government will always choose the way of least resistence , even if tis is much more expensive . 
   inflation ? 
  what inflation ? 
   well , the plans are for 15 years . 
  the last one was from 2000-2015 . 
  we had around 1.5 % average inflation in that time . 
  and i do expect a similar scenario for the next 15 years . 
   cmon , let 's be serious . 
  unless there 's a planned level of expenses , we 'd spend waaay below what 's necessary . 
  i would argue that a fixed 12 billion + x is better than a fixed 15 . 
  have a solid financing foundation and spend more if it is necessary of if you have additional money . 
   plus , we ca n't do all the spending in one year . 
  if there are twelve roads with each costing two billion , we 'd have to do the first 7 in one year , then the rest in another year . 
  yes , of course . 
  this does not mean that 15 billion is sufficient however . 
  there is also this : roadworks often take much longer than required because the responsible authorities have to stretch the budget over two years . 
  so , they will fix the first half of a street in one year and the other half in the next year . 
  i would love to have a federal fund where these authorities could take a one - or two-year loan to get this done within one year . 
  limited to infrastructure spending . 
  edit : thank you !, 
  true .
