  however , a referendum in germany is not legally possible . 
  varoufakis wanted the same . 
  it did n't help much . 
  however , merkel alone can not find an agreement . 
  there are still a lot of other countries that are doubtful about an agreement , and even more important , national parliaments and politics , like the bundestag in germany or the coalition with the finns party . 
  i am not certain on that . 
  plus , if the finns are not agreeing it will probably pressure a lot of the other doubting into disagreeing aswell . 
  it is just so annoyingly long to write `` possible greek exit from the euro zone , under circumstances teporarily '' :p, 
  correct . 
  i wonder what effect this will have though ... 
  he doesnt have much to pressure germany , and even more importantly , the finns . 
  in some article i read earlier it said that germany has a veto right , no matter the kind of vote , due to the size of our contributions . 
  unfortunately . 
  but since money is the primary issue , you can not ignore it . 
  i doubt you would n't have an extreme majority for helping greece if it did not cost any money . 
  but things dont work that way sadly . 
  thank you , 
  why do you think did germany not bring this into the eurogroup discussion today then ? 
  according to the german authorities , this is a proposal for a plan b if the current talks fail to come to an agreement . 
  this claim is supported by the fact that this document was not discussed today . 
  this has nothing to do with hating greeks , it is about not being willing to spend money . 
  true , but the obama call didnt change her opinion on that . 
  this is because they will see their country collapsing otherwise . 
  for the finns , they are not under pressure of that sorts . 
  sorry , something went wrong . 
  i think its a bit vague to say that they want them kicked out of the euro zone . 
  as we all know by now , this is legally not possible . 
  if anything , they are saying `` no '' towards further money for greece . 
  ( which would likely force a grexit , but still ) . 
  well , these agreements , if there are any that still enforce legal impact , would be obsolate if the eu collapses . 
  who is going to enforce them anyways ? 
  if germany was to leave the eu , i can hardly see the us/uk/france invading germany or put sanctions against us . 
  it is pretty much obvious that we neither have the means nor the will to go to war against someone anytime soon ( soon meaning 50 years plus ) . 
  this is why we have to work together as ( somewhat ) equals instead of forcing stuff upon each other . 
  this unfortunately wont happen until france steps up . 
  ( i 'd argue that enforcing the monetary principle was still somewhat rightful , otherwise the euro would have completely alienated germany ), 
   all the other european states , by contrast , are too weak to prosper as independent actors -- survival being the limit of their ambitions -- and germany is too large to be permitted to do so . 
  this is highly hypocritical if you consider that some current reports indicate that the uk might pass germany in both economic power and population in half a century . 
  nobody would say that the uk would be too large to be permitted to be independent . 
  i recognize that germany is somewhat different due to our history , however reducing the ` problem ' to the size is not right . 
  well , talking about forcing - it is reported that mitterand forced germany into the euro by threatening not to agree to a unification otherwise . 
   one should not impose it 's view on the other for the sake of `` making an union no matter what '' . 
  true , but we really need to start reevaluationg our positions , talking about both sides here . 
  airbus planes and mainly tanks . 
   his political instincts arent great . 
  no matter my opinion on sch\u00e4uble , i would very much disagree with that . 
  it requires a whole lot of political instinct to be a minister for 17 years and counting . 
  you should have a look at merkels position towards a grexit before the obama calls . 
  it didnt exactly change much about that position . 
  i doubt that . 
  it doesnt prevent him from doing an enormeous amount of work and traveling from germany to brussels multiple times a week . 
  they would have to be really stupid not to reevaluate their membership based on the experiences with a possible brexit . 
  the same goes for a possible grexit ( at least considering the ez ) , however there might be other countries who are interested in the turnout of the latter . 
  merkel leading germany and the cdu instead of him has more to do with internal cdu stuff and the corruption affair of that party . 
  this is my observation aswell . 
  the really low coins and the 1 $ coins are usually 95 % from my home country , that number is lower for other coins . 
  i managed to collect a full album of all ( back then ) eurocountries in like two years after the introducition . 
  checked my little coin boxes ( i usually throw the coins in there because i dislike too many coins in my purse ) : * 125 german coins * 3 belgian coins * 2 french coins * 1 spanish coin * 1 slovenian coin * 2 austrian coins * 1 italian coin * 1 dutch coin edit : since i didnt have a flair for some reason : franconia , northern bavaria , germany . 
  this ` no unilateral ' steps part actually came from the greek government , to create a basis for further negotiations ( for the now expired 7.2 billion package )  the greek government , he added , had promised the eurogroup that it would take no unilateral actions or roll back austerity measures already adopted . 
   during the extension , greece will refrain from `` unilateral action that would undermine the fiscal targets , economic recovery and financial stability , '' varoufakis wrote . 
  as far as i am concerned this is limited to actions that affect the countrys finances . 
  reforming the authorities and similar stuff should be possible , as long as this is not connected to major expenses . 
   it really seems that the french government has picked his side !, 
  i would rather call it : they are committed to find a feasible solution after both germany and greece maneuvered themselves into corners . 
  which is good . 
  id love to see how the spread is nowadays . 
   i disagree completely . 
  considering we do not share an identity , history , language and even values , there 's no basis for a pan-european democracy . 
  it is up to the people to develop such an identity . 
  all of the identities in europe developed from smaller parts . 
  still , equal respresentation for each member state is nonsense . 
  i agree that you have to prevent the extreme offsets , which we already do . 
  germany is underrepresented , a lot of smaller states are overrepresented . 
  i simply think it is not fair to the citizens of the more populous states if their influence does not correlate with the number of people affected by the decisions even remotely . 
   the fact that they do not have a significant export industry does n't mean it could n't be created . 
  their exports would benefit from a weaker currency on the long term . 
  there have been attempts to create industry in greece . 
  they once produced ( pretty succesful small ) cars . 
  it failed because the authorities refused to permit the cars in greece . 
  they had a tire industry . 
  the producers left because the labor unions demanded too much and striked ( too much ) . 
  there are also countless other examples of investions towards greece being ruined by clientelism , by ineffective authorities , by political unwillingness to support investions and so on . 
  unless they can fix their domestic problems , there wont be any major industry . 
  however that ` local part ' makes the main page in the regional editions . 
  i do not think we have to disagree , bild certainly is n't a local newspaper and i am pretty certain that parent poster meant `` german '' by local . 
  nevertheless there * are * local versions of it . 
   in my opinion we need a new parliament , where every memberstate has equal representation . 
  for example every memberstate has 10 seats sorry , but i fundamentally disagree . 
  this would be horrendously undemocratic . 
  the better solution are pan-european parties/votes where you dont ` just ' vote for your national representatives for europe . 
  this would bring a shift away from domestic interests to paneuropean interests . 
   that does n't matter . 
  the problem with current day europe is that we only focus on debt , we never spend time looking at income . 
  that income can be boosted on the longer term by leaving the euro , by temporarily inflating debts , but that will come around . 
  real wages may fall for a year or two/three as it is devalued , but after exports grow , imports fall , employment rates increase , things will come around again with a lot less social issues like inequality , collapse of the welfare state , huge poverty and unemployment , lost generations and so on . 
  i doubt that . 
  greece simply does not have an export industry . 
  their exports have been around 50 billion for the last years , they have no significant industry , their export goods do not benefit * that * much from a weaker currency . 
  on the other side , since greece is a net importer , they will see a decrease in living quality due to not being able to afford imports . 
   but when the only country , the economic core of the eurozone , that is in the position to make a difference , refuses to do so , the monetary union has no future .
