  reparations for what and to whom ? 
   i mean , i do n't mind contributing something to the public broadcasting system since i live here , but $ 17,50 a month is quite a lot especially considering i do n't consume any german-language media . 
  i do n't know how long you are here , but it used to be 17,98 $ . 
  it was already lowered . 
   before i moved here i would never have imagined that something like ` kirchensteuer ' could possibly exist since the whole concept would appear to violate such basic ethical and legal guidelines ... 
  but apparently not . 
  well ... our law on churches is actually pretty old . 
  the provision in our constitution that allows for church taxes is a collection of provisions that already existed in the weimar constitution ( check 140 gg if you are interested ) . 
  after ww2 , our politicans wanted to focus on building our country instead of fighting with the churches , so they kept the old rules . 
  in what form ? 
  well , actually it has ... it has gone westwards . 
  this does n't make your inital statement any less inaccurate . 
  if someone becomes part of our army , he is n't a `` foreign soldier '' . 
  i did not say that it would n't be mutually benefitial . 
  i simply said that the uk would be in a much better negotiation position here and it would look out for its own interest . 
  you are n't part of your government , and your government is n't taking the same stance as you . 
  i maintain my point that it would probably favour the uk more . 
  make vacation in greece . 
  that 's berlin/brandenburg . 
  i was asking you about the other claim :  majority of turkish people are underemployed , unemployed or working low paying jobs . 
  some of these parts are own federal spending and can not be attributed to the states . 
  the states calculated with 16.7 bn . 
  $ for 2016 . 
  this was at a time where they expected a higher influx than what actually arrived there . 
  it is also a bit blurred , because some states chose to cover all costs of the municipalities while others only reimbursed them for a part of the cost . 
  sorry , but i ca n't find any numbers supporting your claim . 
  fair enough . 
  well , feel free to link it later . 
  i 'd argue that it is a tad optimistic to consider free trade with syria and its neighbors right now . 
  in general - why not , even though these agreements tend to favour the bigger nation more . 
  i am not blaming the uk for anything here . 
  the uk is doing way more than anybody could expect you to . 
  while i disagree with a lot of things the uk does , in terms of providing aid , the uk is a country to look up to . 
  does n't make it any better , does it ? 
  all the data is available on the web . 
  well , come to germany and study here . 
  it 's free . 
  so you are essentially being given german moneys for free !, 
  nobody denies that , but you can not simply make up claims that lack any basis ? 
  yeah . 
  this is also displayed by the fact that most of it have been * predictions * so far and in reality we have actually spent * less * than we expected last year . 
  bull . 
  shit . 
  the experiences with the balkan wars say otherwise . 
  how can we `` abuse '' this ? 
  we have a minimum wage ( one of the highest in europe ) in place . 
  uhm . 
  if we wanted workers , we would have looked somewhere else for more qualified and educated migrants . 
  the employment of the refugees is a side effect and a consequence , not a reason . 
  it just * is n't * 80 million africans though . 
  and even then i would dispute your claim . 
  i do n't have them right now , but at the last pledging conference for syria and displaced syrians , 50 % of the money originated from three countries : germany , the uk and norway . 
  germany surpassed the uk slightly . 
  long-term it is the uk that has spent the most there iirc . 
  you can not compare apples with pears . 
  it is not only about how much you pay , it is about how much you pay and how much you get in return . 
  all but two states are actually running a surplus right now . 
  and in these two cases , the loss is marginal . 
  what does that change ? 
  it slows the integration into the labour market but does not mean that it ca n't be done . 
  i am pretty certain that your country does n't even remotely contribute as much as germany ( relative to economy size ) in the region so i would politely ask you to shut the fuck up . 
  germany is the country spending the most on helping in the region . 
  contrary to those who only talk and do little ( v4 for example ) . 
  think about that . 
  source for the first claim ? 
  even that is inaccurate . 
  you are somehow claiming that all the money the federal government spends is going to the states . 
  which it is n't . 
  if you read your own article you would notice that the money to the states equates less than 10 bn . 
  we have actually been very open on what we expect this to cost . 
  you can look up all the budget plans . 
  there 's a difference between training foreign troops and allowing immigrants into your own army . 
  that 's actually inaccurate . 
  that 's internal politics , not the fault of the eu . 
  it does n't change the fact that the transfer is democratically sound . 
   for example , sweden has to my knowledge never bound itself to have a exit period , as such sweden could with a new government ( read far left ) leave the eu overnight . 
  unlikely . 
  the procedure to leave the eu was first introduced in the treaty of lisbon , which was approved with an overwhelming majority in your parliament . 
  apart from that - the two year period is meant to * benefit * the state that is leaving , giving him time to negotiate the new relationship with the eu . 
  it is widely assumed in the legal community that it is possible to leave the eu immediately * without * triggering art . 
   border issues is another grayzone where some things have been approved , almost everything adapted , but almost nothing has passed through the appropriate legislative bodies . 
  unless your transfer of powers has been legal , the eu can not assume that power . 
  it can be considered legal until one of your courts actualyl rules that it 's illegal . 
   when it comes to patents and copyright , it has never passed . 
  border issues is another grayzone where some things have been approved , almost everything adapted , but almost nothing has passed through the appropriate legislative bodies . 
  those are pretty general statements . 
  any specific examples ? 
  you are aware that the eu has no way of transferring power to itself by itself ? 
  all additional transfers since you joined were approved by your government ( s ) . 
  that 's wrong . 
  the states have explicitly transferred the power to legislate in these areas to the eu . 
  it 's about state souvereignty . 
  the eu ca n't prosecute your politicians for corruption , it ca n't really enact laws against corruption that directly apply in your cointries . 
  and even if it did , this changes nothing about the factual realities in these countries . 
  if you have a corrupt administration and a corrupt judiciary , it will become very hard to eliminate corruption . 
  additionally , it is the population that is allowing the system to continue running . 
  the eu can give assistance , but most of the work will have to be done by the people of that country . 
  this is n't the place , mate . 
  we do not allow any surveys that have n't been approved by us . 
  so what ?
