  so if it happens , it will probably be at the very end of my life . 
  france is a totally different beast . 
  contrary to the uk , they are a lot less reliant on immigration due to their high fertility rate . 
  however , if they maintain the current 0.5 % population growth , they will be 84 millions in 50 years time , somewhat on the level where germany will be in about four or five years if the immigration continues the way it does currently . 
  and that is considering that nothing changes in 50 years time . 
  i do not believe that our states will stay the same for such an enormeous amount of time . 
   european influence is not just a matter of having a great gdp per capita , but also about the totals . 
  i think poland would disagree with you . 
  the have a large population , nevertheless the polish influence in the eu is little compared to the `` big players '' . 
  even italy , large population , large but overall inefficient economy , fails to significantly play a role in the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , its size does not matter btw . 
  kabel deutschland and unitymedia offer internet without phone ( just two quick checks ) . 
  amongst others , yes . 
  it is possible to get it without phone , however the price advantage is laughable . 
  well , it 's worth something , but the us have not been the ones bringing up our past all the time in the last decades . 
  we are more annoyed at some of you `` star economists '' , honestly . 
  i do n't think that the uk or france will overtake germany any time soon in the eu . 
  france is currently still refusing its own economic problems for the long term , for the uk a lot depends on the referendum and how they continue with their immigration . 
  contrary to germany , the u.k. is lacking the industrial sector , they are thus pretty vulnerable for future economic crises . 
  ( yes , we are vulnerable as well due to our reliance on exports , however our debts did not go up they way the uk indebted itself during the crisis . ), 
  language courses are a beast , which is why we have to focus on their education , likely spend a lot of money for it , it will be cheaper in the long term 2 . 
  again , that 's why we have to educate these people at all costs . 
  if they like isis , they are somewhat retarded to flee to europe when they could just have joined them in their own country . 
  seriously , most people coming here ( from syria ) are , amongst others , fleeing from the is 4 . 
  citation needed , they will have to adapt to our society . 
  i do not expect them to live after these ideals themselves , however i doubt that we will see a significant increase in rapes and other sexual-related crimes . 
  i am not talking about american teenagers but about newspapers and the public all over europe . 
   the most sane people in germany are in the ex-ddr . 
  top kek . 
  some people would like to have a word with you on that . 
  as long as we can not take any action without nazi references appearing , the 20th century is not gone for us , unfortunately . 
  up to this day , i still feel that at least 50 % of the euro flairs are germans in disguise . 
  i did never claim anything else . 
  in fact , i have been talking about the predicted decline of our population quite regulary on this sub , including the problems we will face in the financing of pensions . 
  while it is surely worrisome ( talks about making up for the decline with automation and productivity increases is just nonsense ) , germany will * not * shrink to near-insignificance . 
  it will take us at least 35 years to be en par with the uk in terms of population , likely a lot longer given the current influx of people ( and the uk trying to limit its immigration ) . 
  and even this state is not exactly `` insignificance '' in todays terms . 
  sure , once the brics start picking up , the whole of europe will become more and more insignificant , however a few millions more or less wont change anything about that . 
  i would argue that it is not possible to predict how germany in 50 years will look like . 
  if you compare todays germany with the germany 50 years ago , it is a * totally * different country , including the birth rates . 
  who knows what will happen within the next 50 years ? 
  i was not talking about the uk response to the refugee crisis but the focus of the uk in the recent years . 
  the uk did not take a leading role in most european issues , including ukraine despite it having the power and authority to do so . 
  our population in 2014 was 81.1 million , we will likely have a net migration of over 500,000 people this year . 
  which puts us pretty much at the level of 1995 despite that number being inflated . 
  so i would say about a million more than 20 years ago . 
  many of the german people that actually posted got somewhat downvoted into oblivion . 
   uk is always salty when the balance of power in europe seems to get unsettled and one entity becomes too powerful . 
  this has been the case for hundreds of years . 
  this time it is the uks fault however . 
  they could play an active role but they refuse to do so . 
   since 1995 the population of germany has shrunk slightly . 
  it did not . 
  we are now more populous than in 1995 , even though the numbers might indicate otherwise . 
  the numbers that were used were calculated and they turned out to be inflated by over a million in the last census . 
  yes , there have been years of slight decline during this period , but overall we did not lose population , especially given the net migration this and the last year . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k3moz/refugees_syrian_refugees_in_middle_east_xpost/cuurvja https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k3moz/refugees_syrian_refugees_in_middle_east_xpost/cuut5kt, 
  estimates say that there have been a million syrians living in saudi arabia at the end of the last year . 
  many without legitimate ids . 
  please notice that this article was written at the very end of 2014 , numbers might have changed by now . 
  * 97 % of syrian ( then : 3.3 million ) refugees registered by the un have been taken in by syrias neighbor states * 1.14 million in lebanon , 1.1 in turkey , 620k in jordan , 230k in iraq , 140k in egypt * un is looking to resettle about 380,000 people but has only recieved ` offers ' for 60,000 so far . 
  * amnesty int . 
  says it is a shame that the arab countries do ` nothing ' . 
  unhcr ` disagrees ' and states that the gulf countries give a home to hundred thousands of syrians , most of which came there as work migrants prior to the crisis and stay now . 
  * saudi-arabia announced that they will grant these people access to schooling and medical care while prolonging the residence permits of these people * estimates say that there are about a million syrians inside the kingdom of saudi arabia , many without valid papers , 200k in the uae * only few people seach for asylum in said states , however these states lack an asylum system worthy the name * according to the unhcr representative , the arab states have been `` generous '' in giving financial aid . 
  in 2014 the gulf states gave 500 million dollars for the syrian programs of the un . 
  the king of saudi arabia recently donated 52 million dollar to the un world food programme which could n't have continued their programs for syria otherwise . 
  * amnesy international states that the arab states are not doing enough , `` they can not whitewash their hand through financial aid '', 
  i would not completely agree with this statement . 
  there are enough people of this origin who do * not * live in a parallel society and who are integrated into our society . 
  look up the stats , the majority of them has more german fiends than friends of their own ethnicity/religion , most believe in the secular state , a large part of them even is okay with homosexuals . 
  what do you want to say with that ? 
  just because some parallel societies can work does not mean that we have to allow the creation of ` new ' ones with worse prospects . 
  opinion pieces can still be bullshit . 
  i think it is nice to see a submission on the issue that portraits the negative side effects of migration from other cultures while not turning into some anti-immigration rant and without xenophobia . 
  the biggest threat here is the creation of parallel societies , as mentioned and displayed in the video . 
  we have arguably made a lot of mistakes in the integration of our guest workers . 
  people simply thought : `` they are going to leave at some point , so we do not really need to integrate them . '', 
  big mistake . 
  what we need to do is learn from these mistakes and make it better this time . 
  we need to provide ( language ) education to these people much earlier and a lot more intense . 
  i however have no clue how you prevent people from moving into the same areas/streets as people of their own origin . 
  if they want it , there is no legal way of stopping them from doing so , the only starting point would be to distribute them , as long as they do not earn money and can afford their own flat , around the country . 
  `` fun '' fact : all that talk about our constitution is actually nonsense . 
  the constitution does not bind regular citizens to do anything . 
  only the state and its institutions are under the direct influence of our constitution . 
  depends on the context . 
  if they ` just ' want to rob them , it is not exactly a hate crime . 
  i would argue that their goal is not `` punishing the dutch '' but rather `` earning '' money . 
  if we are talking about people who beat up dutchs just because they are dutch , then yes . 
  [ here you go , in german , but that should not be a problem according to your flair ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/ihre-frage-ist-die-erde-bereits-ueberbevoelkert-1.2277680 ), 
  of course it is logical . 
  however , i would say media has biases in all kinds of shapes and forms . 
  `` migrant gangs popuating the streets of amsterdam '' sounds a lot more dangerous than `` groups of young people stealing and robbing in amsterdam streets '' . 
  while you are ( maybe to some extend rightfully , i do not know about the media in the netherlands ) complaining about the media not reporting about problems with refugees ( well , the news i read do ) , you rarely read about crimes committed by native citizens unless it was some terrible rape of a child or some shit . 
  i disagree with this `` my allegations are true unless i am being proven different '' mindset . 
  i do not deny that migrants have a higher rate of crime . 
  for germany , foreigners commit about twice the amount of crimes locals do if you adjust the influencing factors accordingly ( same demographic , same region , excluding crimes against migration laws etc. ) . 
  nevertheless , what you have is just that , an assumption , nothing more . 
  in the first case , one out of four was caucasian ( horrible term ) .
