  sorry , but someone already had the same idea :( if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  oh come on , dont be ridiculous . 
  again , i do understand people affected being outraged . 
  this does not change my approach and it should not affect our politician 's approach . 
  we need a cool-headed approach of dealing with threads like this , not hysterical or actionist ones . 
  you do also know that those people were severe cases ? 
  i prefer the statistic-driven approach over an emotionally loaded approach any time of the day . 
  it allows me to to make decisions that are not influenced by contemprary emotions . 
  and in the long term , this is better for everybody and also a pretty decent character trait in my profession . 
  yes . 
  because their application is still decided upon by judges and not some police forces who want as much data as possible . 
  the laws have n't been repurposed for decades , i do not see why this should change . 
  here is the similarity : if it was prosecuted in the past , it was because someone reported it to the police . 
  it is little different now : there wo n't be police officers checking every facebook post , listening to every conversation . 
  facebook wo n't do that either . 
  it is only those that get reported by someone else . 
  and it really is n't about the `` right '' poltical view . 
  there is no evidence for prosecution based on a dissenting opinion that was n't hate speech . 
  again - there is a difference between trying to make the best of it and having it as a resoning to allow these people in the first place . 
  that 's different . 
  the broadcaster would know who was talking . 
   yeah , by changing them , not by mindlessly applying outdated laws to new situations . 
  i do not see a reason for that . 
   clearly an oversight , on the otherhand i am sure the lawmakers could not forsee that random people could reach a potential ( ! ), 
  audience of millions , which is the point . 
  since it is already a crime when talking to few people , this does not make a difference anyways . 
  and you are wrong - newspapers were able to talk to millions of people even decades ago . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  actually it is . 
  you can not do much against terrorism in general . 
  police force on the market wo n't stop a fucking truck . 
  all you can do is decent intelligence work . 
  they are n't where i live . 
  i do n't have a specific number , but i can tell you that at the moment it is n't really relevant . 
  for those however , something different applies : the christmas markets in these cities are so spread out , you could well be in another city in terms of threat . 
   it can be the case that one poll is within the margin of error , but that several polls each individually within the margin of error are not collectively within the margin of error . 
  true . 
  when all polls are wrong , something is fishy . 
  every major city in germany has a large christmas market . 
  we have 40 cities with 200k + people . 
  each of those has a major christmas market if i am not mistaken . 
  and even those with 50k people regularly have larger christmas markets . 
  the thing is : the tv station * produces * the content , it knows what is being submitted . 
  or it at least has the potential to know . 
  the same applies to facebook . 
  they see what kind of content is being submitted . 
  contrary the telephone - the telephone companies are not listening , generally speaking . 
   all kinds that existed back then . 
  like tv and radio . 
  the benefit of laws is that they can adapt to new technology . 
   you are giving me mixed messages here . 
  either those laws were meant to police `` all kinds of public statements '' which would include every bar , pub or stammtisch there is , or these laws were aimed at mass media . 
  these laws did not have a specified `` area of operation '' . 
   but it is . 
  a random twitter accout , while surely theoretical visible to everyone is not `` heard '' by everyone . 
  as is a facebook page . 
  it 's like standing in a mall and shouting stuff . 
  it 's not said that people will listen to you . 
  does n't make it any less relevant from a criminal perspective . 
  some of which failed completely , the death toll remains extremely low . 
  it was widely known that terrorists would target larger groups of people . 
  you do realize how many bigger christmas markets there are in germany ? 
  10 dead people do not really make it statistically relevant when you are talking about tens of millions attendants of cristmas markets . 
  then elaborate why . 
   not at all . 
  until someone actually attacks a christmas market one does not know if those warnings are warranted or not . 
  the moment one actually does get attacked it changes the situation drastically . 
  we had attempted attacks before . 
  i maintain that it did n't change . 
   it really does . 
  there are only so many nights a year and so many christmas markets where people go . 
  the fact that they are targeted raises your individual change to be a victim of a terror attack greatly if you chose to go to them . 
  the same can be said about larger groups of people in general . 
  concerts , events , christmas markets . 
  not really related to the nature of the market imo . 
  i disagree . 
  the level of danger remains the same . 
  we all knew that people could commit terror attacks against christmas markets - so what . 
  does n't make visiting one unsafe . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  you do realize that i simply said that it is the governments that you should blame in this case ( including my own government ) rather than the eu ? 
  i am not downplaying anything . 
  but this incident does n't make christmas markets any less safe in my opinion . 
  well , i unfortunately am no expert on uk polling . 
  however , the polls i saw had brexit in the margin of error . 
  a feeling that is not supported by any statistic . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the ten biggest christmas markets in germany alone have 27 million visitors per annum . 
  so far , we have one death on a christmas market . 
  i would still call that `` extremely safe '' . 
   in my management 101 book a leader will create the opportunity not always react to it . 
  that 's not leadership , that 's operations/management . 
  in this case , there was nothing to `` create '' however . 
  i am convinced that pretty much only `` reacting '' was possible here . 
   also to be pedantic ( although you are a bit right ) : we did n't asked for help , we asked wat do ?
