  and no , airane 5 was n't a purely french development . 
   this ca n't work when everyone is consolidating at the same time nobody expects that and it is also unrealistic . 
   developing nations are cooling down true , but this does not mean that they are n't growing anymore . 
  if germany , which is increasing its wages significantly , is able to increase its exports significantly , why ca n't france ? 
   us is already at maximum capacity wrt absorbing exports there are more markets than the us . 
  as i outlined elsewhere , our reforms happened in the 21st century . 
  the real wage loss in the 90s was driven by the reunification process , not by a desire for increased competitiveness . 
   i really do n't understand the german discourse on this topic , to be honest . 
  your current wages are virtually identical to 1991 levels when you are much more productive than you were in 1991 . 
  how are you not upset about that ? 
  i mean even in the \u00fcber-capitalist us , people are up in arms about stagnant wages , and germans overwhelmingly do n't have a problem with it . 
  it 's totally absurd . 
  i think 1991 is an unfair point to look for because it takes the gdr into account . 
  adding the gdr created a lot of havoc , we had a lot of non-competitive industries . 
  it is only realistic that we can not see ( overall ) wage growth when a third of the country is utterly uncompetitive . 
  2000 is a fair starting point . 
  we have reached the 2000 level by 2013 and since then , we have had growth levels that seriously match the economic development . 
  you are asking how we can be fine with this : well , for a starting point , the living conditions are decent and our unemployment rate is significantly lower than it was a decade ago . 
  between 2003 and 2007 , germany had significantly higher unemployment than france . 
  the germans were fine with lower wages because it eventually meant higher employment . 
  this does not mean that we will push down our wages in the next years . 
   competitiveness is a relative rather than an objective measure . 
  true . 
  it 's in the nature of this word . 
   it 's a zero-sum game . 
  if french goods become more competitive , german goods necessarily become less competitive . 
  not necessarily , because we are only partly competing in the same sectors and we are cooperating in others . 
  frances single most important export is planes , and a large part of that is airbus , which is directly tied to us . 
  followed by medicaments ( where we are competing , but this was n't the sector which was heavily influenced by devaluation ) , cars ( arguably our most important export good , but even there , we aim at different markets and segments ) , gas ( we do n't really have gas worth mentioning ) and wine ( where it is uncertain whether it is real competition that is affected here ) . 
   and every worker in germany would be better off . 
  apart from the workers that get laid off because they are no longer competitive . 
   that 's really not true . 
  france was hardly threatened by 1990s germany . 
  the real issue was that the franc was pegged to the dm and every time the bundesbank took monetary measures , france had to adjust even if it came at the worst possible moment . 
  the french thinking was that with a common central bank under partial french control , the bundesbank would no longer be able to screw them . 
  which is somewhat the same thing as getting the german currency under french control . 
  calling it `` limiting comparitive economic power '' is a bit over the top , but giving us a currency that does not need our needs certainly was n't meant to benefit us . 
  we have some jobs that only pay 1 $ per hour . 
  background : if you are on benefits , you are not allowed to earn money , it will directly be substracted from the benefits you recieve . 
  it is a zero-sum game . 
  in this job however , you are allowed to keep the money . 
  if you recieve 400 $ benefits , 120 $ extra is a lot of money , especially when you have no other chance of employment . 
  there are three main requirements for these jobs : 1 . 
  it needs to be an `` additional '' job . 
  meaning that the assigned tasks will most likely not be done without these governmental supported jobs . 
  these jos need to be in the public interest . 
  they must not be aimed at creating profit . 
  they need to be competitively neutral these jobs are between 20-30 hours a week . 
  -- -- -- admittedly , it has not always been possible to keep these jobs completely neutral , there are reports about some negative effects , but not on a level that would be worrisome . 
  and especially it was only domestic , there was absolutely no competition with other countries . 
   french resentments outdated . 
  there is no such thing as `` artificially low wages '' anymore . 
  our wage growth is a lot higher than the wage growth in france . 
   belgium protests the number of minijobs is constantly decreasing . 
  our economic growth is driven by real job creation . 
  it is also not the mini jobs that are competing with foreign labour . 
  mini jobs are used in bakeries , newspaper shops etc. 
  not in our industry . 
   dark side of germany ' jobs miracle . 
  outdated and partly inaccurate . 
  we since then introduced a minimum wage and these `` super low pay jobs '' are actually just a thing to get people on benefits to do something . 
  these jobs would usually not exist , they are not competing with anybody , not french workers , not belgish workers , not even german workers . 
   now we have large number of folks in precarious work and on living-dead wages where ? 
  if you are talking about piigs , this is not a fair comparison . 
   this strata is too weak and too cheap for our own good ( s ) nonsense . 
   it 's also one of the reasons we 're havin negative rates and serious talks about ` helicopter money ' . 
  lack of recovery in southern europe is . 
  this is not comparable at all . 
   they do n't need internal devaluation depends on the area . 
  but generally , i agree with you . 
   in short they need to make their labour market more flexible as you say . 
  yes , but i would argue that adding flexibility to this market already is a kind of devaluation . 
  they do not even have to aim for uk - or us - levels of flexibility , just a bit more flexibility would already help a great bit . 
   germany already went through this process over the last decade with good results - they used to have systemic problems with unemployment too . 
  well , somewhat . 
  the problems arose at the time of the reunification where we added a lot of non-competitive businesses to our country . 
  in 1990 , our unemployment was below 6 % . 
  from what i have read , france currently has severe problems with the economic activity decreasing significantly in some areas of the country ( while it is increasing in the economic centers like paris ) . 
  but yes , adding flexibility has helped us a fair bit ( arguably , the euro played its part as well ) . 
   internal devaluation forces people into servitude internal devaluation and the subsequent increase in competitiveness can cause the employment to go up . 
  it is preferable if you have 95 % employment where people earn 90 % over a situation where 85 % earn 100 % . 
  it relieves pressure off the social institutions and increases the overall state of economy and country . 
  and no , if you are careful with it , it does not force anybody into `` servitude '' . 
  the aim is not competing with china , the aim is competing with belgium , germany , italy and spain . 
   economies into deflation . 
  not necessarily . 
  having no/low real wage growth for a while already enhances your competitiveness a whole lot . 
  germany devaluated quite a bit in the first half of the last decade and we [ did not go into deflation territory ] ( https://www.bundesbank.de/redaktion/de/bilder/grafiken/themen/inflation_in_deutschland.jpg?__blob=poster&amp;v=3 ) . 
  this article spends a good amount of time explaining things , but when it comes to the really relevant parts , it quickly jumps to conclusions without any explanation . 
   french growth and unemployment do not , did not , and never have depended on more flexible labor . 
  there seems to be a strong correllation between the flexibility of the labour market and employment rates . 
  i simply do not understand this jump - the first half of the article talks about productivity and then the author jumps towards labour market flexibility . 
  high productivity and low flexibility are not necessarily contradicting each other . 
   the problem with france is simple : it is in a monetary union with germany -- a much stronger and better-organized economy , where workers are properly trained , employers and unions talk to each other , management and employees work together , and finance takes a strategic interest in what companies are doing -- and therefore pays a high cost in no longer being able to control the main levers of economic adjustment , from interest rates via exchange rates to fiscal policy . 
  this does not even make sense . 
  the author praises the productivity and work hours of french workers and then goes on a rant that can not compete with germany due to some dubious reasons . 
  as he said , france plays in the same league as germany when it comes to [ gdp per hour worked ] ( https://data.oecd.org/lprdty/gdp-per-hour-worked.htm ) and they even beat our annual working time by [ 100 hours ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) . 
  it does not make much sense to include dubious things like how we are treating our workers in this . 
  if france has problems with these things , fix them instead of blaming us . 
  yes , france suffers from a currency that they can not devaluate .
