  yet i do not think that ` we are that way ' is a good argument against gun laws * in general * . 
  it is an argument against introducing these laws in your own country , but it is evidently bullshit ( at least everywhere it has been tried so far ) to say that gun control laws do not do anything to reduce gun violence . 
  talk about gun laws being detrimental to personal freedom and you as a society being willing to take that tradeoff but please dont spread that gun laws dont reduce gun violence . 
   the number of guns in the u.s. has gone since 2007 the u.s. gun industry has doubled it 's production . 
  you are missing something here . 
   the number of guns in the u.s. has tripled in the last 30 years , yet gun violence has decreased over the same period . 
  uhm . 
  so what ? 
   the u.s. cities with the strictest gun laws often have the highest gun murder rates and the rates did not drop by any significant amount when they passed their laws . 
  washington dc had the strictest gun laws in the country and it remained one of the worst cities for murder . 
  you do realize that your so called ` strict gun laws ' are a joke compared to european gun laws , do you ? 
   we also have a long tradition of gun ownership and strong , unyielding support for the right to bear arms , unlike any european country . 
  you are mistaken . 
   the same solutions that work in the uk or australia or iceland do not apply in this environment and you base this assumption on what exactly ? 
   most of them are n't even realistically achievable and even if they were it would be a disaster . 
  of course they are not achievable * politically * and given the influence of the nra . 
  disaster as in `` lesser people being allowed to have guns '' ? 
   we can reduce gun violence , but the fact is we will always have more of it than countries which have virtually disarmed their entire population . 
  you also have more than countries like switzerland . 
   any attempt by the government to begin seizing people 's weapons en masse on a state or national level would , quite literally , result in insurrection this was never what i was talking about nor what is happening in europe . 
   these statistics are used to frighten people into supporting and agreeing with gun control laws which will do nothing to prevent the crime anyway . 
  even taking gang-related crimes out of the equation , the us has a higher gun homicide rate than most of the developed world . 
  and well , it doesnt matter , since it is proven in many countries outside of the us that stricter gun control led to lower rates of gun violence . 
   this is n't to say those peoples lives do not matter , of course they do , but the answer to that problem is n't gun control . 
  the answer is to do things which empower those people in the inner cities to have a better life than working at mcdonalds or selling drugs and shooting guns . 
  as along as those conditions exist , the violence will continue no matter what gun control laws they try to pass here . 
  this is some kind of laissez-faire attempt that is theoretically the solution . 
  but come on , you * know * that we will not be able to accomplish that . 
  noody is able to come up with some miraclous solution that significantly decreases the unemployment and crime in detroid within a decade . 
   if the recent tragedy in france is n't proof positive that gun control does n't stop gun violence , i do n't know what is . 
  sorry , but this statement is retarded . 
  nobody ever claimed that gun control is able to stop gun violence alltogether , it ` just ' reduces it . 
  speed limits on streets are not able to prevent road death alltogether , but they help a fair bit . 
  it 's possible that he said that but i think you can hardly make more enemies internationally than sch\u00e4uble did during his time as finance minister . 
  there are two reasons why sch\u00e4uble is n't contesting merkel : lack of backing in the party and loyality . 
  she wo n't and there is no reason to . 
   after that assassination attempt ... of all reasons , this is not the one . 
  my world view has noting to do with unwillingness to accept the results of a ` survey ' that is not representative . 
  if this survey had any further implications , representative surveys would come to similar results . 
  well , they are n't . 
  are you implying that people going to wacken are dumb ? 
  again . 
  it does n't matter who watches this tv programme . 
  when you conduct surveys in the afternoon programme and people have to pay to have their vote counted , it is a perfect reciepe for bad results that are not representative . 
  it also produces results the audience likes . 
  win-win . 
  the audience of n-tv is in no way representative of the whole population . 
  go to wacken and ask 50,000 people whether they like metal . 
  this would n't be any less representative than this survey is . 
  the number of people is insignificant as long as it exceeds 1000 people , what matters is the way the poll is conducted . 
  and even if what you said was true : nobody that is serious would bother quoting a survey that has an accuracy of this kind . 
  i dont have problems with surveys that run counter to what i think as long as they are representative and not some random internet or reversed phone call survey . 
  have you ever seen how n-tv conducts surveys ? 
  they display a number on the screen and people * pay * to have their vote counted . 
  this is so far from representativity that i cant tell whether you are serious . 
  this comment is completely irrelevant here . 
  especially from a person that just quoted an n-nv survey . 
  ntv surveys are * never * representative . 
  do you think i save every article i read ? 
  i 'm not at home at the moment , when i will find one i 'll sent it to you . 
  i know thats a weak response . 
  oh i have had multiple different backgrounds of authors . 
  economists , lawyers , politicians , philosophers and others . 
  like on both sides of the discussion . 
  the article uses 70 % of its space to tell us that economies can develop great outside the euro and that having control over your currency can be benefitial at times . 
  no shit . 
  who would have thought that ? 
  we simply do not have two comparable countries where one has the euro and one doesnt which would allow us to draw reliable conclusions . 
  it is almost impossible to ` edit out ' the other differences to come to a meaningful comparison . 
   actually , there 's almost universal consensus in the field that the euro is an immensely bad influence on the european economy . 
  i have read other pieces . 
  it always depends on where you have your focus . 
  i dont contest that it had some immensely bad effects for some countries though . 
  the author of that article is n't an economist but studied diplomatic history . 
  to justify some of his claims , he cites papers that are over a decade old and obsolete . 
  there are other economists that disagree with him . 
  it 's only natural to the topic to have diverging views as nobody can reliably estimate how europe would have developed without the euro . 
  it 's all just assumption . 
  i have read that article and disagree with it . 
  it simplifies things too much and draws the wrong conclusions in my opinion . 
  nobody ever contested that it is possible to live a decent life outside the euro . 
  well , it lacks the political union that was supposed to come at some point in time . 
  there is a possibility for fiscal transfers that would reduce the problems coming with it significantly but it requires control and accountability . 
  its kind of funny is n't it ( if it was n't so sad ) ? 
  a low-valued euro puts us at a competitive advantage while a highly-valued euro puts everybody else at a disadvantage . 
  the euro was intended to achieve the complete opposite . 
  trust me , we would prefer the euro to be valued at least 20-30 % higher . 
  not from one day to another , but with steady growth . 
  no doubt about that . 
  however the low-valued euro severely hurts our international purchasing power . 
  you cant have everything i guess . 
  ever heared of people being indifferent ? 
  they just dont have an opinion on it , sometimes because it does n't affect their personal life at all . 
  i am totally aware of the original nature of the second amendment . 
  people in your country usually ignore the second part and the reasoning and limit the amendment to ` the right to bear arms no matter what ' . 
  what i wrote is just what people make from it in your country . 
  you just have to look at what politicians of both parties have to say about gun control . 
   god knows what would have happened had i included my first and last names ... 
  the public information of an admin from a site i used to frequent was at some point leaked to the public . 
  he later received a package containing an 80kg steel furnace that was n't payed for yet .
