  solidarity is not synonymous with ` letting them do whatever they want with money that is not theirs ' . 
   all the ecb had to do was support peripheral bonds during 2010 when there was uncertainty . 
  you know that we are fundamentally opposed to state funding by central banks . 
   german military & big industries , to negociate huge sale contracts with other countries . 
  again , this is an allegation . 
  any basis for this claim ? 
   well ; do n't talk about france if you do n't know . 
  unlikely from the other piigs granted , but germany was by far the biggest creditor with the ecb . 
  and the ecb takes order from the eu that takes a lot of order from germany . 
  french banks were the biggest non-greek creditor . 
  plus france is in a much worse situation economically . 
  germany could afford it without greater problems , france could n't . 
  there is no way in hell that france would have agreed to a writeoff of greek debts . 
   so said martin schkrelli when he fixed the price for cancer stopping medecine at 1000 $ / pill and nearly condemned to death lots of people . 
  this analogy doesnt fit . 
   no , i meant the crisis reunions where the germans basically said `` tsipras resign or do exactly what we say starting from now or we refuse to talk to you and asks for all the bonds back now '' . 
  given that the greek attempts of reforms were simply not working until that point , it is only natural to exercise pressure , especially when there is a lot of money at stake . 
   bullshit , this is n't the first time the germans tried . 
  it was in no way connected to enforcing financial payments . 
   another lie spreaded in the german press to put some more pressure on greece . 
  this is only true if we are talking about post-2011 pensions in greece . 
  yes , after that point there were false allegations on the generousity of the system , not only from the german side by the way , but what i said is true for the pensions before the first cut . 
  look it up . 
   actually , it was french money that bailed them out several times . 
  the efsf is funded by all ez nations , germany taking the most significant part . 
   he was still taking bribes by the time of the greek crisis . 
  that is an allegation without fundament . 
  who should bribe him ? 
   wiping most of the debt and refusing immediate cash . 
  suuuure . 
  because this will totally get the consent of ... wait it wont get the consent of anybody . 
  not from your own government and not the other piigs . 
   at least the end of the debt would have allowed them to pay their own bills instead of foreign banks with all their cash flow . 
  this is none of our issues , quite frankly . 
   not tried to make repeated coups . 
  by coup you mean `` publically expressing that we think it is better if the old govt remains in place ' . 
  well , duh , this is what regularily happens in other countries aswell . 
  hollande supported the social democrats in germany before the last election . 
  would you qualify this as a ` coup ' aswell ? 
   not tried to take over the border with frontex . 
  this is not connected to the debt crisis and due as their own protection of the outter border is insufficient . 
   not forced them to cut half the pensioners unless the first round of cuts , greece had pretty much the most expensive pension system in the eu while not having an economic fundament to provide for it . 
   ( including military ) the greek military is oversized anyways . 
   pushed them in a corner far enough wages were to be late multiple times if we did not give them money , these wages would never have been payed . 
  late is better than ` never ' . 
  `` coincidence '' sch\u00e4uble is not ` very corrupt ' by the way - i guess you are talking about the party funding scandal decades ago . 
  you also ignore that it was not only germany following that stance . 
  what would be your ` proposal ' that would have been acceptable for both germany and greece ? 
  the situation of the financial crisis is fundamentally different to regular transfers . 
   like trying ( and successfully ) remove multiple ministers , trying to remove the entire gov , trying to take over sovereignty over islands and borders , trying to take over sovereignty of valuable land under the excuse of reducing debt ; forcing the greek gov to abolish laws whatever laws they did n't liked using debt relief as blackmail ; manipulation of media and outright lies like when they declared the greek gov uncooperative by not paying anything but threatened them under the table to stop advance payments or the `` deal '' was off , etc etc the alternative was no funding for greece . 
  they were free to choose . 
  its not exactly fair , but that happens when you go into debt . 
  its no strange concept that people/states make conditions for granting money . 
  thats why i said at some other point that arbitrators who reach ` verdicts ' like this should be criminally persecuted and that we have to educate everyone to a level to know that these courts are not binding . 
  prohibiting arbitration alltogether is not an option . 
  they fulfill a significantly different purpose though . 
  the nukes that are stationed here are tactical with a much lower explosive power . 
  we have zero interest in detonating powerful nukes in front of our own borders . 
  what you are saying is ridiculous . 
  any ruling is worthless if it ignores the basic principles of our society , like stoning people . 
  if it stays in the boundaries of our legal limits , it is none of our business . 
   there 's also a need for a degree of official wealth transfert from richer countries to poverty striken areas if they want to make an union of equals with a single currency . 
  germany is consent with transfers as long as there is political oversight and control over this money . 
  transfers without any kind of control wo n't happen . 
   so since the ecb is neither willing to drop the greek debt or plan for a cash transfert union to use in case of economic trouble , i think cameron is right here to want to keep control over his own currency . 
  even if the ecb wanted that , this is not in its power , and rightfully so . 
   hard limits from the ecb potentially used as political blackmail you mean like the ` bullying ' of not extending elas ? 
  come on . 
  i actually think it is a ` good ' idea , in our very own interest . 
  i think that the issue is that these women are not educated enough in legal matters to know that the ` judgement ' is worth jackshit if they do n't agree with it . 
  the eu existed without the euro and it would still exist without it . 
  if the 28 countries find a common ground to change rules , what would be wrong with it ? 
  it is not like everybody gets an exception on any topic he wants . 
  there are still the basic principles of the eu which are pretty much non-negotiable . 
  the euro is none of them , though . 
  it still does not matter , whatever le pen may say or get out of it . 
  it 's so sad to see posts like this downvoted to hell when they are among the few legally correct ones . 
  it should be common sense that , if two parties choose to seek arbitration , they can choose whatever legal basis they want as long as the result is not violating the regular law . 
  you ignore one simple thing : both parties have to agree with that court , unlike a regular court . 
  if both sides want it , where is the issue ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the whole article is about changing the relevant articles . 
  the eu is not meaningless without the obligation to join the euro . 
  limited to art . 
  check the mentioned articles of the ecb statute , they are all of a significantly different nature to what you are talking about . 
  the issue is : the uk wants a change . 
  if they get an exception , poland will aswell . 
  and they should get one if they want in this case . 
  i surely dont have a problem with that . 
  i would prefer it if countries join the euro because they are convinced that it will be benefitial for them , not because they have some kind of legal obligation to do so , even if it is at that point detrimental for their economy . 
  given that we are obviously on the way towards a two-speed union , i would say that the euro should be mandatory for the core that is striving for federalism of some kind while it being optional for the other countries . 
  if the treaty is opened ( which seems likely at the moment ) , what hinders poland from requesting to delete that rule ? 
  they surely will have the support of sweden which , since years , violates some criterias for joining the euro on purpose so that they do not have to join . 
  denmark and the uk wont care either . 
  dude whats your issue ? 
  i have told you time and time again that maastricht is not one of the core principles of the eu . 
  core principles of the eu :  article i-4 of the constitution guarantees the free movement of persons , goods , services and capital within the union ( the famous `` four freedoms '' ) and strictly prohibits any discrimination on grounds of nationality . 
   as regards relations between the union and the member states , the constitutional treaty brings together the relevant provisions of the existing treaties in article i-5 , in particular the obligation to respect the national identities and the fundamental political and constitutional structures of the member states . 
  the principle of loyal cooperation is also included in this article . 
   article i-6 of the constitutional treaty is devoted to union law .
