  you are correct , this thread took a different direction , but in my experience thats an exception , not the regular case . 
  record numbers of employment , record numbers of exports , finally wage growth since a few years to boost consumption . 
  this has nothing to do with the law in question though . 
  no opinions are deemed wrong , only very extremistic public expressions like calls for murder or ( due to our history ) denial of holocaust are prosecuted . 
  people here on / r/europe tend to overestimate the effects and implications of this law . 
   it could be controversial in germany , as the constitutional court there has abolished the threshold for the european elections . 
  actually this would not be that controversial . 
  the constitutional court has explicitly mentioned that its ruling is based on the fact that the eu does not make use of its given right to establish a joint election law based on art . 
  223 tfeu ( [ decision , in german , relevant part in paragraph 18 ] ( https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/es20140226_2bve000213.html ) ) . 
  knowing our constitutional court , i would not rule out anything , though . 
  it does n't matter whether there are 500,000 people or 1,000,000 people . 
  both numbers will provoke hate speech . 
  ` more similar ' is still far away . 
  and by the way - he numbers might be higher , but the general opinion on refugees was a lot more negative back then . 
  oh we totally did actually . 
  20 years ago , we had hundred thousands of people fleeing the balkan wars to germany . 
  the only difference is that we did n't have facebook back then . 
  we can be very happy that reddit is not the judge in the real life cases mentioned here then . 
  look at how the law has been applied so far , you wo n't find people getting sentenced for completely unjustified reasons . 
  this law has been in place and it has been applied for decades . 
  guess what , we have not gone to shit yet . 
  unless you are repeatedly violating the law , the punishment will usually be paying a fine . 
  of course it is . 
  i am well aware of the realities . 
  but when the people voted , only 12.51 % voted for juncker . 
  people voting for s&d were voting for schulz , not for juncker . 
  it does not matter that the parties eventually agreed to support juncker . 
  its similar in germany : the spd eventually elected merkel , but the people voting for the spd wanted steinbr\u00fcck and not merkel in office . 
  its how democracy works . 
  sidenote : adenauer iii had an absolute majority in 1957 , he chose to form a coalition with a small party to make governing easier , this party left the coalition later and he governed alone . 
  so you are correct , but he would not have needed it . 
  i would argue that it would n't . 
  the commissioners are still named by the member states and only approved by the parliament . 
  i am aware of the second point but it would still strengthen the position of the president . 
  the problem with paneuropean parties is that we do not have paneuropean neutral media . 
  well ... yeah maybe . 
  if you had a juncker/schulz/farage election last year , i can assure you that farage would not have won . 
  come on , people are not * that * dumb . 
  just because they know someone 's name , they are not going to vote for him . 
  the fact that i talk about him has actually no broader implications as it is quite natural given the topic of this sub . 
  the president of the european commission was supposed to be choosen from the party that got the most votes in the last election . 
  given that the epp got 29.4 % and that the vote turnout was 42.54 % , juncker was elected with the votes of 12.51 % of the eligible voters . 
   cost a lot of money and probably not achieve much . 
  how so ? 
  more democratic legitimacy does n't hurt and it actually does n't cost that much money - its not going to be a separate election , they 'll simply add another ballot . 
  it used to be similar here . 
  you had primary school from age 6-10 and then two years of the so-called ` orientation phase ' where it was finally decided what way you would be going . 
  i am totally aware of that . 
  however , cameron was n't able to prevent juncker either . 
  maybe it can be part of the ongoing negotiations with the uk . 
  merkel is n't that keen of having a directly elected , more powerful president either , by the way . 
   this had a very negative association in their heads . 
  this is caused by the fact that the ` purpose ' of a house is different in the us and in germany . 
  in the us , you buy a house because you need space , dont want to live in an appartement and you are willing to sell it immediately if you get a job somewhere else . 
  in germany , people will buy a house and try their best to stay in this house until they die ( they will even accept long commutes if it means that they dont have to move ) . 
  its just a different relationship . 
  it 's certainly gon na be interesting . 
  in the last election , the parliament threatened to shoot down every candidate that is not ` theirs ' - as they promised to elect the candidate of the party that got the most votes . 
  let 's see if they do that again . 
  they have some kind of leeway in the negotiations here . 
  i still think that it is unlikely though . 
  well , that was fast . 
  also : username checks out . 
  yes . 
  adde works too however , it is the joint european party of the named parties . 
  the thing is : the eurosceptics are not even united in the efdd . 
  the pvv , fn and fp\u00d6 joined the enf . 
  the share of people having a negative opinion of the eu was [ 19 % in spring 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_first_en.pdf ) ( p. 9 ) . 
  even though that might have changed for the worse by now , i dont see any eurosceptic collecting enough support through europe . 
  i am fully with you . 
  i however think that this is likely running counter to what the uk wants . 
  we are talking about a court decision here , not about legislative action . 
  the ecj has regulary made decisions against germany . 
  your vote is not enough to grant his presidency . 
  i never said that he has zero support . 
  knowing your leadership , they would be forced to commute between melbourne and strasbourg every week . 
  people wont . 
  he would need cross-border popularity for that . 
  adde has gained 45 seats in the last election , this shows a large disparity . 
  apart from that : i doubt that farage would even be willing to run for this office . 
  the ecj has 28 judges . 
  one of them is german . 
  there is no horsetrading going on in the ecj like there is in the commission . 
  it seems like a majority of states thinks he is wrong , no reason to blame germany actually , no matter whether the standards were advocated by germany in the first place . 
  this is actually pretty big . 
  i doubt that it will get the backing of the council though . 
  a direct election of the commission president would mean that he has greater legitimacy and should thus wield more power . 
  50 % phone calls 50 % parliament  plus we let israel vote and invite australia to vote on occasion . 
   then 0.13 x0 .7 x0 .4 x0 .9 x106 = 33,000 refugees who get to stay in germany for 5 years who are isis supporters . 
  which is n't a problem at all !, 
  you are misusing the term ` supporter ' . 
  take a look at the [ full study ] ( http://english.dohainstitute.org/file/get/40ebdf12-8960-4d18-8088-7c8a077e522e ) , p. 19 . 
  where do you get the 5 years from ? 
  and even then , 33,000 is still a lot less than 100,000 . 
   why , this source [ 1 ] says the estimated number of local islamist radicals was 7,900 . 
  so radicalism only increases by about 400 % . 
  again , you are misinterpreting the terms . 
  a `` to some extend positive view of isil '' does not make a person a radical islamist , i 'm sorry . 
  you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  stop making up facts and educate yourself before you speak .
