  why the hell would you have an issue with snacks being prohibited in the library ? 
   disregard of communication communication surely is an issue sometimes , but nowhere at the level this guy describes . 
  i think you are missing the point here . 
  i ( and the german govt . 
  aswell ) am pretty aware that extending maturities , grace periods etc. 
  is effectively a debt reduction . 
  i understand the principles of that . 
  however that is the point here . 
  the german government has said that it is open towards these tools of `` restructuring '' , however not for a nominal cut as that would be illegal and not communicable to the voter . 
  the imf ( so far ) insisted on such a nominal cut . 
  relevant part ( sorry for google translate with some doctoring , but my french sucks unfortunately ) any suggestions for a better translation are welcome :  le temps : you said that the greek debt was not `` viable '' as it is today . 
   lagarde : no , it is not viable . 
  i think nobody contests that . 
   le temps : you experience two different cultures . 
  for mrs merkel and for the germans , the idea of debt cancellation is shocking , plus maybe even more so for the latins or anglo-saxons ? 
   lagarde : the debate on the debt cancellation was never opened !, 
  i do not think it 's necessary to open this debate if things go well . 
   le temps : a reduction ...  lagarde : restructuring !, 
  there is talk of extending maturities , reducing rates of duty for a certain period . 
  we are not talking of debt cancellation . 
  this is the opposite of what the imf was saying in the previous weeks and months , essentially adapting itself to the german stance ( and the line of some other people calling for restructuring ) . 
  this would allow for a further imf participation in greece , considering the third bailout . 
  well , generally the waiters are * not * relying on the money ( some restaurants even take it away from people that do not work full time , but i dont know how that is legally ) . 
  usually you will round up to the next full sum . 
  examples : coffee for 3,70 -  4 $ cake and a can of coffee 8,90 -  10 $ meal for four people 56 -  60 $ some people tip more , some people only round up to the next euro . 
  it varies quite a lot . 
   japan is investing into robotics to stave this off . 
  they do n't want immigrants , would rather remain japanese and the world will watch as japan will be the first country hit by its demographics . 
  nobody knows whether they will be technologically advanced enough to buffer the problems until then . 
  posting the same source twice does not make it more valid . 
  we are talking about 15 casual jobs here . 
  no hoards of payed protesters, 
  maybe . 
  germany is taking a ridiculous amount of dealing with asylum applicants , totally unwarranted if we are talking about syrian people in my opinion . 
  could not agree more . 
  the problem with megathreads is that they not only ` eat ' all the low quality submissions but hide the high quality ones as well . 
  so you are advocating for saying at some point : our living standard is high enough , instead of increasing it even further , we should rather spend that money to improve other regions of the world ? 
  i can respect that view , however i do not know if i could really go live after its principles . 
  unfortunately , we can not impose our standards of the rule of law and education on other countries . 
  just throwing money at them wont solve anything either , it will in large parts end up in the pockets of corrupt politicians . 
  driving for ( supposedly ) ` good ' change has turned out for the worst in northern africa . 
  and i do not think it is justified to blame capitalism for all of that . 
  without capitalism , we would not even be in the position to help someone else . 
  greed is not exclusive to capitalism , even the socialist/communist states of the world are usually unwilling ( or unable ) to provide for the poor of other countries . 
  unless we are talking about a change in the world order , we wont see this improve much . 
   is that necessarily such a bad thing ? 
  with all the automation there wo n't be any jobs either , and you also do n't need constant economic growth if the population shrinks . 
  as long as the economy does n't shrink as fast as the population does , you 'll still be better off per person . 
  yes . 
  it is a bad thing as long as we dont fix our pension system first . 
  germany will face severe troubles with its pension system in the coming decades unless we manage to keep our workforce stable . 
  no productivity increase will make up for our population loss . 
  and since we dont have enough children , we will have to rely on immigration for that . 
  also , the influence of automation has always been greatly overestimated in the past . 
  people predicted a world without work for most people after the invention of the steam engine . 
  they were wrong . 
  keynes layed out the vision of people reducing their working hours as productivity increases . 
  people did not . 
  people thought the computer and advanced machinery would decrease the number of workforce needed . 
  they were wrong , new jobs ( of sorts nobody would have though of ) appeared . 
  i do not see human workforce becoming obsolete in this century ( well , thats a bit bold at second thought , but at least for a few decades ) . 
  and no matter if we have the perspective of automation taking over in the future , german companies are already desperately looking for people , there are hundreds of thousands of apprenticeships open here . 
  i do not want to say that immigration will solve the problems we have . 
  there is a natural limit of how many people you can integrate into your society over a certain time span , otherwise it would strain the social fabric too much . 
  we need to find other solutions , automation and increasing birth rates amongst the most popular ones . 
  this actually does not sound all that bad . 
  and people are unhappy because they just dont like change ? 
   and also , why should population always expand ? 
  i think the world is pretty overpopulated , which leads to lower real wages . 
  most european countries have a fertility rate that is way below even a sustain of the numbers we currently have . 
  so its less about expanding than about sustaining the current numbers . 
  if germany gets a net migration of 200,000 people every year , our population will decline by about 12 million in the next 45 years ... in the luckiest case . 
  the world might get overpopulated at some point , but europe is none of that places . 
  not really . 
  while i am no friend of the current frequency of immigration threads , the megathreads did not solve anything either . 
  it was friendlier to move around the sub as it was a bit more clearly arranged , however most of the stuff posted in the megathreads just got ` lost ' . 
  you dont wan na check the megathread every two hours to see if there are new sources added . 
  they are just far too cluttered . 
  i would take them over this immigration thread flooding every day . 
  so its essentially riot against something that does not even put the people at a disadvantage , just changes the way this issue is dealt with ? 
  cuba not communist enough . 
  opened itself to western capitalist pigdogs . 
  mind to elaborate ? 
  however if only a low amount of people do it ( which is the reality ) , it is no problem and thus requires no fixing . 
  if it becomes a problem , we might to have go over to assuming nationalities after language , knowledge of the country they claim to come from , travel route etc. 
  pp. , i would argue that it would be some refinement of the asylum rights without violating the echr . 
  any evidence that everybody claims he is from syria ? 
  i dont think so . 
  this was january to may , the months were we had the lowest numbers of refugees coming here in this year . 
  its quite informative though , thank you for posting it . 
  any knowledge why ` only ' 94 % of syrians get asylum ? 
  the echr is the result of a long development , and the right of aslyum is everything but outdated . 
  not deporting into war zones should be a no-brainer , echr or not . 
  it will severlely depend on the manners displayed in that ama . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  australia is not even part of the echr . 
  asides from the fact that it would be violating the echr , this suggestion is just stupid . 
  there is actually nothing racist about it as long as you do not label people from war areas `` economic migrants '' . 
  and i am sure you should fuck off . 
   why ?
