  wrong . 
  if greece sells a port that is currently owned by the government , the investors are not going to dismantle the port and ship it to china . 
  the port will remain in greece , they will also be paying taxes and creating jobs there if the business is successful . 
  private companies are usually a lot more competitive than state-owned companies as they actually have to get profitable . 
  especially when a potent investor like china buys it , it gives a lot of opportunities for deveopment as they do have , contrary to your state , money to invest and improve there . 
  growth does not rely on state-owned businesses . 
  this would be ridiculous . 
  nationalizing stuff to sell it off would be a complete betrayal on the investors that built/bought the highway in the first place , probably be unconstitutional , likely be violating eu law * plus * it would destroy trust into greece . 
  nobody invests in a country where investments can be/are seized for debt payments of the government . 
   the 50 bil goal is over about 30 years if i understood the paper correctly . 
  correct . 
  which makes another fund in 5 years even more unlikely . 
  it also prevents firesales that are heavily undervalued . 
  while the term of austerity is often misused , you can not deny that ` austerity ' still plays a large role in the agreement . 
  just read through the agreement , you will find the stuff that / u/rtft mentioned and more . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i simply wanted to state that they did not have a 280 billion euro influx for their budget which they are able to spend as they wish . 
  to prevent further misunderstandings : i am also aware that the money actually * was * brought into the greek economy at one point . 
  greek highways are already tolled in large parts . 
  athens-thessaloniki was increased from 20 euro to 55 euro for a two-way ride during the crisis ( this is insane ) . 
  you can not give stuff that is already financed by private companies into a state fund and sell it off again . 
  if you are upset because of these twitter hashtags , politics is not the fitting playing field for you . 
  there have been calls to boycott german products since the very first bailout and there have been people claiming that germany `` took over '' greece since then . 
  it did not harm us , neither our politic elite nor our economy . 
   greece also used the help of golman sachs to hide debt in order to be accepted into the eu . 
  so what ? 
  the ez was pretty much aware that everybody was cooking its books . 
  not to the greek government . 
   with that money , coming from selling greek government assets , a huge chunk of the debt will be paid back . 
  you should check on how that money will be distributed , if they are ever able to accumulate 50 billion . 
  that sum is * insane * . 
  12.5 for investions , 25 for bank recapitalization , 12.5 for reducing debt/gdp racio ( debt payments ) . 
  believing that this can be repeated in a few years is just nuts . 
  you can not sell the same stuff twice . 
  your approach is oversimplified . 
  believing that greece will be debt-free in 20 years is unrealistic . 
  depends on your definition of soft power i guess . 
  i dont know actually . 
  i was merely responding to parents claim that he wanted a yes . 
  there has been too much input from varioufakis over the last days , you can not read it all . 
  do you really have to use this font size ? 
  it makes it really uncomfortable to read . 
  i simply do not believe varoufakis when he says he wanted a yes vote . 
  this is his own interpretation in the retrospective which makes him somewhat look ` better ' . 
  i really do not know what to think about him . 
   britain produces more internationally chart-topping music albums than any other country , and the foreign following of its football is in a league of its own ( even if the national team is not ) . 
  i seriously have no trust in a statistic that includes chart-topping music albums in their data . 
  especially not in the current times , where a lot of music does not even have much content anymore . 
  i doubt that rammstein increases our ` soft power ' . 
  he probably knew that there would be a broad majority for the proposal and that his own vote would likely not bring syriza to an own majority . 
  this way he also avoided having to vote against his own beliefs . 
  i am personally no fan of him , hovever come on . 
  he is a human being after all . 
  he said that he wanted to spend some time with his daugther who lives abroad most of the time . 
  it is still somewhat bad mannered , however does that really matter ? 
  matter so much that we need to make a headline out of this ? 
  i think you are overreccting a little bit . 
  this is not an unexpected move , of course a agreement that limits the power of worker unions will be met with resistance from them , strike being the most powerful tool of theirs to protest this cut . 
  it does not matter how rightful a step is , it will always be met with rejection from the party that has something to lose . 
  i do not agree with these people and i would prefer if they just accepted it since a general strike now will only further decrease greeces economic prospects , however if they think they should go on strike , let them . 
  nevertheless , they need to have the consequences of such an action in mind . 
  they should be aware that they are likely undermining the prospects of greece staying in the euro with such a step . 
  if they think they can live with that risk , if they are aware that they might ` ruin ' this for many people who would like to stay in the euro , they are free to do whatever they want . 
  it is the same in germany . 
  foreign stores seem to be unable to get a hold here . 
  walmart and intermarch\u00e9 both failed horribly . 
  i guess you never saw an aldi in sweden because they * have * no stores in sweden . 
  i think he did not exactly mean the total amount of money supply . 
  it is more about the fact that the usd is the leading world currency . 
  devaluating it does not hit the us * as * hard because important goods like oil are traded in dollars . 
  this is effectively allowing them to increase the amount of dollars while not devaluating the currency that much ( compared to other currencies ) . 
  i guess having a constant place in the british market would already be a huge win for aldi . 
  i doubt that they have plans to become the # 1 . 
  there is still a lot of money to be earned there . 
  it is true , in the end the customer will profit ( well actually they are profiting already ) . 
  which is great , the system is supposed to work that way . 
  well , they are still expanding , especially in your country and in the us . 
  well , you already got discounters like c1000 and albert heijn is doing a lot of the stuff aldi does with own no-name brands despite not being a discounter . 
  also , your markets are not that overpriced compared to e.g. 
  the uk . 
  id say it is more because aldi is n't in the u.k. for that long . 
  tesco and co are losing shares pretty rapidly . 
  aldi is at a mere 5.3 % in the uk . 
  its shares in hungary and poland are n't * that * impressive either . 
  their share in many countries is still below 10 % . 
  the juncker plan is a lot more than just greece . 
  the total size of it is roughly 300 billion . 
  the juncker fund is not really connected to this program . 
  yes , it was adapted in the agreement , but it is pretty independent . 
  no , the measures are pretty tough . 
  unless you mainly focus on the ` benefits ' , it is not an agreement someone can be jealous of . 
  dont have an online link unfortunately . 
  i got it out of a book . 
  thank you !, 
  i can do nothing but say that i agree with the other mentions . 
  however , i dont think i am on the level of you two ( talking about germans ) . 
  way to go !, 
  props to tusk and hollande, 
  trust me , we have no interest in conquering greece whatsoever . 
  it still gives a good overview .
