  claiming that the bundeswehr was never intended to work is false aswell . 
  yes , it is true that , at best , the army would have been able to delay a russian offensive for a few days , however this is just natural if you are facing an army multiple times bigger than yours . 
  this itself is no indicator for malfunction of the army . 
  yes , it is true that the german government has been reluctant to send troops abroad , however this is due to exactly the mentality we have since the war - which is that germany must not ever take part in a war again - which itself is not bad given how much pain we have caused over the last centuries . 
  this causes also the lack of some kinds of equipment because buying/developing weapons and equipment that is fit for other stuff than defense is politically delicate . 
  can you really blame our country for not being that positive about soldiers after the happenings of the last century ? 
  nevertheless , i do think that there is a lot of trouble with our army and that there is a major need for improvement on multiple areas , however i do not think that this article gives an accurate description or even an accurate comment on it . 
  where is the problem ? 
  this is what can and should be expected , in the same way it is right for the ecb to have plans in case of a grexit . 
  being prepared for any scenario can not do harm . 
  it still resulted in good tanks , if they have to split up - so be it . 
  the m1 and the leo2 are also the result of a joint development , just because it was split up at some point does n't mean it is bad for the armies . 
  the us is using 50 year old planes and plans to keep them in service for 25 more years , if the vehicle gets upgrades and enough modernization , there is nothing wrong with operating 50 year old stuff . 
  generally polls for germany suggest that 2/3 or more are in favor of it . 
  however , this would require the introduction of binding referendums on a national level which i oppose . 
  with the cdu , our ruling party , there will likely not be a same-sex marriage within the next decade , however it is somewhat likely that our constitutional court will force them to allow it . 
  they should just announce the shift towards automated long-distance trains now . 
  they will never find less resistance against replacing people with machines than now . 
  a child should ` cost ' around 200k $ until its adulthood . 
  200x3 = 600\u00a0600/18 = 33.33 33/0 ,42 ( income tax below 250k/year ) = 78,5714 meaning that from 80k salary per year on you would essentially save money having three kids . 
  sure , 80k is not the ` average ' person , but there are still a lot of people falling into that category . 
  also , losses in that category would affect the government budget significantly as these people tend to pay the lion share of income tax . 
  i think tax relief in total numbers would be more realistic . 
  i think completely getting rid of income tax would be ridiculous . 
  you would see a lot of highly payed people feeling forced to get three children even though they might not even like children . 
  thus ending up with a lot of children but no money . 
  i do not think financial incentitives can solve the problem by themselves , there need to be a mentality change in the society , you can promote such a change with money , but you can not force it upon the poeple . 
  i admittedly did not bother to check the numbers he claimed , however they seemed a bit odd . 
  what i found astonishing is the logic that if you dont collect ( enough ) taxes ( without even introducing new ones ) , it is unfair to expect from you to pay money . 
  we can only hope , 
  i know about this phenomen . 
  however , i am entirely clueless on how to increase the fertility rate , it is going down in almost the entire developed world , and even countries like turkey are growing to have problems . 
  if i had a way to revert that development , i would expect to sit in a flight to the next nobel price honestly : /, 
  the number of indians in germany rose from 38,000 in 2001 to 76,000 in 2014 . 
  that is actually not ' a lot ' unfortunately . 
  however , in terms of immigration , the crisis was somewhat positive for the population development here . 
   how then could greece , with its rampant tax evasion , ever hope to service this amount ? 
  maybe by fixing tax evasion ( as syriza is partly attempting to do at the moment ) ? 
  unless they dissolved , like you suggested , we might be at the point where the uk will be more populous than germany unless we drastically increase our effort to attract ( qualified ) immigrants . 
  our pension system will tank heavily from the babyboomers being in retirement . 
  wrong sub , wrong topic . 
  there has been no significant deal reached since syria took office as far as i am concerned . 
  we are currently still talking about the same 7.2 bn we have been talking about since february or so . 
  what i like about this statistic is that it shows that germany is in fact far from ` ruling ' the eu like some people claim . 
  the ` thriving economy of france ' . 
  you would need an hour just to explain the basic europan institutions and their voting procedures , i think you can not fit the flaws of the current union into an hour-long video . 
  this sarcasm is actually so dark i do not even know how to respond . 
  can we have a timeline which shows the dates where the current issues were supposed to be resolved ? 
  i think this is like the third or fourth time varoufakis has claimed that an agreement/deal is in near reach . 
  this has to be one of the most one-sided and biased articles ever written on the issue . 
  she essentially claims that we have no right to be mad at the us because the proclaimed german sensibility against surveillance because of the stasi is a lie since only a minority of germans even experienced the stasi . 
  also , the social democratic party has no right to be upset because they somewhat introduced the cooperation with the us in intelligence matters . 
  furthermore , the surveillance has prevented terror attacks in germany , so please shut up speaking out against surveillance dear germans . 
  in addition , she claims that calls against surveillance are just hidden attempts by the european tech industry to improve their standing against american tech companies . 
  i seriously got mad reading that article . 
  i can not believe that someone can actually be this narrow-minded and non-reflecting . 
  we have all right in the world to be upset by surveillance , we do not need any historical justification to do that . 
  and no , i do not care whether the stasi was worse or better than the current form of surveillance . 
  preventing one ( ! ), 
  terror attack ( and it is not entirely clear how big the us part on this was ) and a few minor incidents does not justify mass surveillance . 
  hell , i 'd argue that it is better for a society to suffer from a terror attack if the exchange is being free of foreign ( ` friendly ' ) surveillance . 
  i am no friend of the party die linke , however it is their duty as the biggest opposition party to cry out against this , it does not matter if they are us-friendly or not . 
  it does not make their calls less justified or relevant . 
  considering tech industry : all i have seen is that the us companies started to include encryption and similar stuff in their products - the only one upset by this is the us govt . 
  and some other governments . 
  how exactly is this improving the standpoint of european tech companies ? 
  how much is the oil price considered in the calculation of the inflation ? 
  i am pretty positive that the decline in oil prices played the major role here , thus this ` deflation ' being nothing worrisome . 
  i think it is wrong to focus on just one side of a coin . 
  both domestic mistakes and maladministration in greece aswell as flaws in the current system have lead to the situation we are currently in . 
  i however do not think that flaws of the eurozone should serve as arguments in a pro/con bailout discussion . 
  should n't , if anyone , the greek people know that the system is flawed ? 
  i think many people here in germany do not realize any flaws either since it is easier to blame everything on the greeks than the system . 
  our people in the comission are still better than the people that are elected for the european parliament . 
  dont you think coming to an agreement without india has been complicated enough so far ? 
  ( not talking about it being justified due to their position here ), 
  i disagree . 
  people just really like to hold on to their power . 
  giving power to another institution ( be it a domestic one or the eu ) will decrease the power of the government/parliament , those will thus try to keep it the way it is . 
  the ` best ' military is subjective . 
  nobody knows how the brits would fare against you and we better keep it that way . 
  at least funding-wise they outdo you . 
  removing the weakest link of a kind ( economically here ) wont solve anything . 
  you have to strenghten the weak links , if you just keep removing the weak links , you will end up with a really small chain . 
  depends on your definition of ` strong ' . 
  it is not the uk that is hindering the eu foreign policy at the moment and it is not the fault of the uk that we have problems with the mu currently ( well , they had their part in it , but that part is tiny compared to other parties involved ) . 
  the uk is still holds europes most powerful military and the second biggest ( or third , however you want to put it ) economy . 
  also , it is important for the us ties . 
  it would make some things inside the eu easier if they left , however i do not think the eu would be more powerful without them . 
  people forget that britain is not the only country that is pushing against some stuff the eu wants , they are just the most prominent example ( like germany in the euro crisis ) . 
  and this would do exactly what ? 
  the flaws of the eu are less the people leading it than the structure of the institutions . 
  putting someone ` in charge ' would not change much for the better/worse . 
  also , merkel would be a really bad fit to be in charge as her person is way too polarizing for some members of the eu currently . 
  true , but people like cameron are getting more and more under ( domestic ) pressure not to give in to any further integration . 
  i think this is somewhat like with unemployment benefits ( sorry , weird cross-over here ) . 
  you can not get benefits without having a place to live but you can not get a place to live without recieving the benefits . 
  it is not really feasible to increase the power of the parliament to relevant levels while it is alien to the citizens of europe , but you would have to increase the power to bring the citizens closer to the parliament . 
  even if the uk is a special expample and just the most obvious one - it is an important one . 
  as long as the uk remains in the eu ( so at least for two more years ) , further integration will not be possible ( or just very gradually ) .
