  the definition of refugee does not depend on the will of the person to stay here . 
  it depends on whether the person left its country because of a war or something or if it ` just ' came here for better economic prospects without anything ` pushing ' it out of its country . 
  it is not . 
  the war in syria will likely not end within the next few years . 
  meaning that they will stay here for years anyways , it does not actually matter whether they want to go back to syria after the war in this case . 
  meaning that they will have to try and find work at some point . 
  it is only human instinct to go where you have better opportunities . 
  italy ( and especially greece ) can not offer any economic prospects to these people . 
  and them finding work and contributing to society is in our very own interest as otherwise they will stay an immense burden to the governmental budget . 
  and asides from the prospects : the european courts have ruled that greece ( and partly italy ) are not capable of offering humane treatment to their asylum applicants and have thus stopped deporting back to these countries . 
  and trust me , if you were in that situation , you would try to get to a country where you have prospects as well . 
  its only human . 
  since these people are pushed out of their country because of a war situation , it is completely failed to talk about `` economic migration '' here . 
  the economic situation in syria was not nice that nice before the war began , yet people did not come here . 
  i think not . 
  so what ? 
  just because people come from a poorer country does not mean that they can not have savings . 
  also , i assume that most of these people did not save for one year to pay for it , but rather multiple years . 
  for claiming that `` all of them '' or just `` most of them '' do not have ids . 
  citation needed . 
  i like how the numbers are inflated . 
  the [ source ] ( http://www.globalinitiative.net/download/global-initiative/libya%20criminal%20economies%20in%20the%20trans-sahara%20-%20may%202015.pdf ) they mention talks about `` migrant trade , valued now at us$ 255 -- 323 million per year in libya '' . 
  but `` over 320 million '' sounds cooler and more dangerous , so they 'll go with that . 
  also , it simply ignores the fact that the `` value of human trafficking '' is not equal to the earnings made from it . 
  the people still have to use part of that money for ships , shelter in libya , captains for their boats , satellite telephones and bribery . 
  and furthermore , not all of that money goes into the hands of the is . 
  surely it is an issue , but the problem is displayed in worse lights than it actually affects the is . 
   so how is that possible that transferring people that lost everything during a war how do you come to the assumption that people ` lost everything in the war ' ? 
  16 parties is more than we had in the parliament of the republic of weimar , a situation that was deemed ungovernable . 
  the parties would unite to get rid of the current government and then fail to find a successor as they had nothing in common but the will to get rid of the government . 
  why cant they send someone who speaks decent english to conduct that interview ? 
  it is painful to listen to this guy . 
  he also seems to be not that well-read on the topic he is discussing . 
  even though i disagree with quite a lot of the things varoufakis said in this interview and believe some of them to be factually wrong , i have to give my respect to him for standing by the stuff he said at some point . 
  3000 $ is less than a years wage in syria ( still a lot , but if you want to flee war , you will make it possible ) . 
  the federal ministry of foreign affairs lists 843 $ as average income in somaila . 
  this still makes 10,000 $ a ridiculous sum . 
  however , who says that everybody earns the average wage . 
  especially in a country without any rule of law , people can likely make a fortune in ... some ways . 
  i am not saying that we should appreciate it when people pay with illegal money , but as long as we cant prove that there is nothing that can be done about it . 
   giro-szasz said germany has shown a more permissive stance toward illegal immigrants arriving from syria and news of this has `` boosted hopes '' among migrants . 
   `` in order to end the untransparent and adverse conditions we ask germany to clarify the legal situation , '' he told mti . 
  this is a poisoned apple for germany . 
  germany already made clear that these exceptions only apply for syrians . 
   we are talking about people who have lived for a bunch of years in so called `` war zones '' . 
  yet they have between $ 3000 and $ 10,000 euro . 
  why should a war destroy your previous savings or the ones of your parents ? 
  again , people that are fleeing from war are * not * fleeing poverty . 
   except for bmw well , the i8 is a hybrid and the i3 is a electric vehicle for the city without greater range . 
  the announcement above is the target for a decade . 
  the problem with plug-ins is that they are expensive as hell as they have both electric and regular engines . 
  i do not state that german education is fine and needs no fixing . 
  far from that , and there is certainly a need for improvements in some areas . 
  however , labelling it `` reasons not to study in germany '' is not justified in my opinion , its a bit of a clickbait headline . 
  `` 8 things that annoyed me while i was studying at a german university '' would be more fitting . 
  i guess the pr\u00fcfungsamts performance heavily depends on the people working there , i did not experience any problems with mine so far ( asides from the fact that they `` lost '' one of my exams once and searched for it for 20 minutes ) . 
   as far as i 'm aware , both mercedes and audi are also considering switching their entire portfolio in the very near future . 
  they will introduce plug-in hybrids for most of their models in the next generation ( so in like two to four years ) , having fully electronic variants in the generation after that one seems pretty realistic . 
  i actually attended a speech of the ceo of audi , rupert stadler , last year . 
  asked about electric mobility he said that they are fully aware of the success tesla is having , however that they wont offer it short term . 
  reasoning : if something like the cars on fire happens with tesla , it wont really endanger their reputation as they are a very new company . 
  audi ( bmw and mercedes the same way ) are expected to produce and deliver the highest quality of cars , them experiencing problems of that kind would critically endanger their image . 
  he also said that they wont offer it unless the range has increased so much that it wont be an inconvenience anymore for you ( as well as inductive charging in your backyard ) . 
   oh the poor houses . 
  it 's like you ca n't demolish them . 
  nobody is paying for it . 
  houses are not demolished unless they are replaced or pose a threat to the environment . 
  you will end up with villages full of houses in desolate conditions . 
   human population can not grow forever . 
  this planet does not have unlimited resources and land . 
  at some point it has to stop either wise we 'll eat each other over resources . 
  europe has more than enough people as it is . 
  i am not advocating for growth . 
  just for sustain . 
   the german university wanted a printed and bound copy , so i had to get it bound in italy , send it o a friend in cologne , who brought it to the pr\u00fcfungsamt for me . 
  you can also directly send it to the university . 
  at least you can do that here . 
  admittedly , it is quite an obstacle for foreign students who do not spend their holiday near the university , however it is just something that can be dealt with if you plan ahead and dont work until 3 days before the date the paper is due . 
  i do not think that he had to take exams in german given that his general lectures were in english . 
  for the examination office , fine . 
   a lack of fluently in the german language well , he said he spoke german so he was able to attend lectures held in german . 
  what makes you come to that conclusion ? 
  it will result in thousands of houses being empty and decaying . 
  in infrastructure too large ( and too expensive to opreate ) for a smaller amount of people . 
  at least in law it is more the state where you are studying than the university . 
  i find most of this stuff to be wrong ( but i also study in a different field and on a different university ) . 
   the pedagogy -- or the lack thereof pretty much all solutions are uploaded online . 
  additional data and documents are provided . 
   the exams i cant really say anything about that as we are taking different exams . 
   bureaucracy , anyone ? 
  we got a single card with a picture that you can use for the cafeteria , the library , as an authentification document for student discounts and for public transportation . 
   pr\u00fcfungsamt the pr\u00fcfungsamt , despite being bureaucratit , has always tried to be helpful , people were taking their time and they also did not refuse to use e-mail . 
   the use of technology whats wrong with handing in a seminar paper in paper form ? 
  we usually are required to do this and send a . doc of it per e-mail . 
  it does not hurt you , usually universities have a copy shop near them anyways . 
   facilities opening facilities is mainly a cost factor . 
  as our universities are usually not that generously founded as in other countries , they lack the funds to pay for people staying over night . 
  or at least they think the money is better spent elsewhere . 
  it might also have to do with mentality . 
  our stores are n't open 24/7 either , closed on sunday and they close down between 8 pm ( bavaria ) and 11 pm during the week .
