  i actually do n't care about that in this regard . 
  i think i would be he wrong way to go for greece . 
  that 's a decision they have to make on their own . 
  i do n't think that it would be the right way to go , though . 
  i think thats debatable . 
  but we wo n't come to an agreement here . 
  if you give money to someone that has a history of overspending and wasting money , you would want to have a way to ensure that he is n't spending it on booze and random stuff . 
  given that it 's tax payer money here , that 's not exactly unreasonable . 
   when someone is holding a pistol to your head and asks you to jump off the cliff , the reason you jump is the pistol . 
  the pistol was held to your head because you did n't really make the necessary steps on your own . 
  and no , a lot of these things that were forced upon you ( for example judiciary reform ) do not equalize `` jumping off a cliff '' . 
   only a masochistic psychopath would demand that the victim also `` believe in it '' while falling into the empty space . 
  this argument only works because you are choosing a weird analogy . 
   enjoy our money , btw . 
  which money are you talking about ? 
  it 's not like the mou was a giant program to transfer greek wealth to germany ( ? 
   i do n't think that there is any rule whereby large nations have better negotiators than small nations really . 
  how good negotiators are is a function of how well they are trained , how much experience they have , how much they are paid . 
  uk is behind the curve on this , but we will learn . 
  look at singapore or korea for small countries with good negotiators . 
  let me rephrase it : rich countries have better negotiators . 
  countries with excellent education systems and good institutions . 
  you can not seriously compare lebanon to south korea or singapore . 
  singapore has six times the gdp of lebanon and south korea is n't a `` small country '' . 
   i 'm still not sure if it really is the case that a bigger market is an advantage in trade negotiations if the bigger market is not so open to free trade because , for example , it has protectionist instincts . 
  to me the party which is most keen on free trade has the advantage here because they will be easiest to work with . 
  if both parties have aligned objectives , size does n't matter . 
  it 's an argument that you wont like , but : the smaller country is ( usually ) less important to the big country than the other way around . 
   i am losing the thread of this argument , but obviously if lebanon does not want to open up its markets to uk exports , it will be hard to persuade them to do so . 
  but i do n't think that has much to do with size . 
  my point is that it is easier for the uk to persuade lebanon to do something that the other way around . 
  the uk simply has more to offer and it has a lot more hard and soft power . 
   if everyone has the same aims , then it is hard to see why you also think that large nation is favoured over the small nation - they will both have the same preferred outcome . 
  in principle , that 's correct , reality is something different . 
  this does n't mean that we should n't strive to create mutually benefitial deals . 
   but remember that the british political system is designed to allow determined and united minorities to defeat divided majorities . 
  think of the things that thatcher managed to sell politically , while never having a majority in the nation behind her . 
  free trade seems easier than this . 
  tory party just needs to push this as hard as they can and keep the opposition divided . 
  do n't underestimate the people that just won the referendum - we are on our next project and let 's see how far we can push it !, 
  i disagree with mixing the `` leave vote '' with `` free trade enthusiasts '' . 
   nobody in greece wants to go back to ` normal operations ' though . 
  the rhetoric of some of your politicians suggests otherwise . 
  especially when you consider previous statements and actions of said politicians . 
  just listen to the `` old tsipras '' . 
   this is made clear by the fact that e.g. 
  pasok ( not at all unjustly identified as the main culprit of irresponsible fiscal policy in the 80s and 90s ) is mostly done for as a political party . 
  well ... two things in this regard : nd is on a good track to get elected again , and they are the second party that is interwoven with the problems in greece . 
  let 's not forget that it was nd that was responsible for the record deficits in 2008 and 2009 ( while misrepresenting these numbers ) . 
  its current leader is , all in line with the past in greek politics , the offspring of a family of powerful politicians . 
  secondly , i would go as far as claiming that pasok did n't suffer its downfall due to its mistakes in the past but because they were the ones negotiating and implementing the first mou ( yes , there were other things factoring into this ) . 
   this takes time to heal and yes , putting a pistol to the country 's head and screaming ` fix faster ! ', 
  does n't necessary help . 
  do you think that your governments would have enacted wide-ranging reforms without significant outside pressure . 
  even now - your country is n't capable of accessing the private debt markets and it is still running a ( secundary ) deficit , yet some of your leaders act like `` we have done enough '' . 
  i do not agree with a lot of things that were done to greece , but i do not think that significant acts of reform would have happened . 
  this was also in part caused by your political system . 
  trichet knew why he started collecting the signatures of your opposition leaders prior to implementing anything at some point . 
  both nd and syriza got elected on the wildest promises . 
   moreover , this is made particularly difficult when a lot of the reforms proposed by the ez are geared not at actually improving the economy or creating a stable political situation , but at extracting some form of redemption . 
  i agree , but many of the things that would actually have been good for greece have a very difficult political standing in countries like germany , the netherlands or finland and it is n't certain whether being `` too generous '' in this regard would have caused negative consequences ( in terms of reform ) in greece . 
   the greeks do n't believe in the reforms to a large extent because a lot of those reforms are n't helpful - and indeed , even the creditors are divided on what to impose . 
  so although there is plenty to blame greece for , more care was also needed on the part of the creditors : the reforms should have been carefully chosen and presented by a united front , so as to cultivate trust , not doubt . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  but i maintain my point that current `` gifts '' / support would n't have a very solid basis to support it . 
  we still do . 
  this does n't change anything about the current situation . 
  the problem is that apparently , many see this as some kind of period where they can go back to `` normal operations '' as soon as it is over . 
  i have a lot of respect for the amount of reforms enacted by greek governments in the last few years , but i would not consider them trustworthy in this regard . 
  most reforms were enacted because europe held a pistol to their head , not because they believed in it . 
  the problem is - as usual - accountability . 
  greece has a history of overspending and nepotism . 
  there is little desire for money getting `` lost '' there . 
   i disagree that being a larger economy puts you in a better negotiation position and i am still not sure of why you think it does . 
  multiple reasons . 
  it is very likely that you have much better negotiators . 
  you are a much bigger market . 
  you actually run a significant export surplus with lebanon ( for example ) . 
  you are ( technology-wise ) much more competitive than they are . 
  lebanons producers very likely are more afraid of your producers than vice versa . 
   perhaps you and i ( and our respective countries ) have different aims for free trade - in which case it makes sense for us not be negotiating them together . 
  the fact that we will now be negotiating them separately will also give us a good chance to compare approaches in the future . 
  i do not think we have different aims in free trade . 
  the aims are always the same : increase prosperity for both sides by increasing trade while making goods cheaper . 
   yet    the uk government has a unique opportunity to radically rethink a lot of stuff . 
  so far , it has not yet confirmed its approach to free trade , but from what i have read it is going to be pushing hard a free trade agenda . 
  free trade fundamentalists like me have been lobbying for this incredibly hard and so far it sounds like we are being listened to . 
  i sincerely doubt that they will go that far into that direction . 
  full-on free trade is n't realistic and very hard to sell politically . 
  ... because ? 
  do you expect us to pay thousands of euros every month to these people ? 
  how much do you consider `` appropriate '' ? 
  well , yeah . 
  it is a bit bizarre , but nobody really bothers to reform it . 
  there 's not much political gain here and a lot to lose . 
  we are still paying pensions to 25,500 people ( 2015 ) as compensation for the atrocities committed during world war two . 
  those who do not recieve these pensions usually simply have n't applied for them due to various reasons . 
  we have payed enormeous amounts of money in the past to various recipients in this regard . 
  if you have suffered from violence during the nazi regime , you can get a single payment of 2,556 $ , if you were in a concentration camp for longer than three months or if you had to hide for more than six months you are eligible for a life-long pension of 320 $ / month . 
  additionally , we pay substantial amounts of money to take care of elderly holocaust survivors .
