  state monopoly on punishment also means that the state can decide to give little or no punishment . 
  it 's kind of interesting how you brits value your banks higher than the unity of the united kingdom . 
  sorry , but this is seemingly going nowhere . 
  you are either incapable or unwilling to accept factual realities , this really is n't my fault . 
  have a good night . 
  the numbers disagree with you . 
  there is always a possiblitiy , but i do not see it happening . 
  we just had a change on what qualifies as rape ( `` no means no '' ) . 
  the circumstances are different as we are talking about minors here . 
  turner was an adult , and the adult here recieved a four year prison sentence . 
  no matter whether you like it or not , but minors are treated differently in the criminal justice system . 
  it is debatable whether the sentence is appropriate , but we will see what the court of appeal has to say . 
  i 'd like to add that the three minors were put into psychological treatment in different therapy centers . 
  it is not like they were just released into the public . 
  usually this is a direct requirement for suspended jail sentences in cases like this : if you do quit your therapy , you will have to face the actual jail sentence . 
  our sentences are n't even going that high ( apart from lifetime sentence for murder ) . 
  this is consistent for the core countries in the eu . 
   deserves some punishment . 
  well , they already spent four months in prison for a start ( awaiting trial ) . 
   when the state must pay because your investment did n't pan out , your risk has been socialized . 
  show me a single case where this happened . 
  if the investment did n't turn into a profit because a state interfered in a way that was n't justified ( generally in a way that is outright discrimination ) , this is n't a risk that an investor has to bear . 
   because american is n't know for extremly high punitative charges , is it ? 
  i could see that coming a mile away . 
  this is insane even for american standards . 
   i would consider any such clause null and void , for the precise reason that would infringe on national sovereignity , putting your legislative in a bind that would forbid them to pass laws as it deems fit . 
  it borders on being unconstitutional . 
  you do not even have any legal education ( i guess ) . 
  let me tell you : it is n't unconstitutional whatsoever . 
  states do have the right to bind themselves to certain rules . 
   neither the eu nor canada are highly corrupt , so why having an isds ? 
  the cases which canada lost so far speak volumes . 
   besides , why would any highly corrupt nation feel pressured to enforce any arbitrations ? 
  the benefit of isds is that the claims can be enforced globally . 
   it is their right as a sovereign nation to engage in these practices . 
  as such i will respect that . 
  it is n't if you signed a fucking deal that says you wo n't do that . 
  it is the whole point of this . 
  if you are so keen on maintaining the right to discriminate , dont sign a fucking deal saying that you wont discriminate . 
   the risk of investment must always lie with the investor , otherwise you would undermine the free market when you socialize these risks . 
  loewen , and others will learn from these cases . 
  or not , given the widespread interest in doing investments in highly corrupt nations like russia . 
  these risks are not socialized . 
  if you really think that , you have a fundamentally flawed misunderstanding of isds . 
  recieving an order to pay usd 300 m. in punitive damages on a dispute worth around usd 6m ( iirc ) is nothing that can reasonably be expected when engaging in an investment . 
  it only adds to this that the sentence itself was discriminatory . 
  highly corrupt nations have a desire for isds because it allows even them to attract investments . 
  which will - in the end - benefit everyone . 
  it is rather unlikely that poor countries drag themselves out of the dirt without any foreign investments . 
   depends ? 
  `` buy american '' played a key role in resurrecting the american industrial sector after reagon and nafta nearly killed it . 
  however , extra-judicial courts are never in the public interest . 
  if we start to have a separate system of laws and courts for big money then something has clearly gone wrong . 
  equal before the law and all that . 
  `` buy american '' is one of the rules that is heavily disputed under ttip . 
  if they do not strike a deal on that , this wo n't qualify as discrimination . 
  countries are free to write whatever they want into these treaties . 
  but then , they can be expected to obey these rules . 
  how dare i to dispute emotions with facts ? 
  there are minimum sentences for rape between one year and five years , depending on the severity of the case . 
  it 's just that they do not apply for minors , anything else would not make sense if you consider the laws for different treatment of minors . 
  mandatory minimums are a very problematic tool by the way . 
  it can easily go out of hand , as we see in the us . 
  trying to influence the judicial branch is the wrong way of doing this however . 
   zero tolerance to this shit or we 'll be the next india there is no indication of this happening . 
  the number of rapes in germany is [ declining ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/1587/umfrage/vergewaltigung-und-sexuelle-noetigung/ ) , both in relative and in absolute terms . 
  many highly developed countries limit sentences for minors to 10 years 2 . 
  cultural sensitivities are n't involved here - a german kid would possibly have gotten the same sentence . 
  i know that law and justice are two different things . 
  that does not mean that i have to approve actions of this kind . 
  it is up to the judiciary to decide on the sentences for people . 
  not up to the people . 
  and rightfully so - we would quickly be back to a modern form of burning witches . 
  if the judiciary decides that someone wo n't get charged , it is not up to the people to challenge that . 
  the state does not need to hand out punishments to `` be there for the people '' if the judge does n't deem it necessary to hand out a sentence involving severe punishment . 
  in the case this thread the case is about , the institutions of the state are very much there , so i fail to see the relevance for this case . 
  i did not downvote you . 
  in fact , i almost never downvote comments that i am replying to unless they are attacking me personally . 
  the thing is : the state is very much there . 
  if the judge says ( and if it is confirmed by the court of appeal ) that there will be no prison sentence , it is not the business of anyone to ` enforce ' whatever in their opinion would be a ` fair punishment ' . 
  sorry , but i am a big fan of the state monopoly on punishment . 
   illegal in the sense that the judge justified his sentence due to the accused showing `` remorse '' - hell yeah . 
  does n't really make sense , eh ? 
  well , this can be accounted for in the appeal . 
   first hand information from a long-time friend of mine who had multiple run-ins with the law during his time as a teenager . 
  the places where he should work off his social hours most often did not even know about him and no one ever bothered to tell them either , so they could not let him work . 
  therapy hours were never setup or on a month-to-month basis . 
  as usual : anecdotal experience does n't really count . 
   but yeah , damn all those social things work god damn wonders . 
  they evidently work better than throwing minors into jail . 
   sure , but then such a thing should be decided on a case-by-case basis and not just with a general `` ah well , they did n't know any better . '', 
  apart from the fact that this would overburden our court system : i disagree . 
   seriously , they are able to leave the courtroom cheering and waving that 's bad mannered and totally inappropriate but not illegal i am afraid . 
   the supposed `` social education '' or therapy will never happen this is just an unfounded claim . 
   the justice system does not care whether they show up or not , as long as they are out of the courtroom . 
  inaccurate . 
  you need to use three backslashes . 
   i 'm not saying that being underage should n't matter , their penalties should surely be lighter but almost no penalty is madness . 
  that 's why the law does n't dicate that they have to be released free of charge . 
  it is up to the judge to decide what an appropriate punishment would be .
