  it would even exceed the fine for causing a global financial crisis . 
  but its too early to judge that . 
   however , the 2006 wm has been eclipsed by the 2014 victory by a long shot already , and the vw scandal was n't a big deal , as far as i know . 
  it was a much larger scandal internationally . 
  it depends on how the vw scandal plays out in the end . 
  so far , we have not seen any consequences to it , but we very much might if they have to pay some kind of enormeous fine . 
  the first numbers indicate that the brand of vw was not damaged ( at least outside the us but they have never been strong there ) and especially not the brand ` made in germany ' , but lets see whether that changes in the next months . 
  this very video did nothing to support your point that there are ` lobby groups sitting in the negotiations ' . 
  they are asked for input where it directly affects them . 
  not more and not less . 
   you 've got a 500 page trade agreement in front of you full of great things that will boost your economy . 
  ceta already has 1500 pages , i expect ttip to have even more . 
   i think the temptation would be high to just overlook a few nasty things buried in the 500 pages of legalese , knowing that vetoing it means you lose out on all that good stuff and get a bunch of grief from the parties who 've worked on it for years . 
  the same applied to acta . 
  they have worked on it for years , yet the eu parliament voted it down . 
  public awareness on ttip is so intense that all the nasty things will be brought up and publically communicated . 
  it 's not that easy for parliamentarians to ignore bad things in this scenario . 
   by the time it reaches your desk it 's an all or nothing deal . 
  like any other trade agreement before . 
  the negotiators are aware of this problematic and will try to get a deal that will pass the parliaments . 
   the stange thing is that big companys have representives who know more about the negotiations because they are sitting in them , then we have politicans that represent the people of europe who know . 
  i 'd like a source on that . 
  to my knowledge , companies are able to express their opinion on chapters that directly concern them , not everything . 
  which seems reasonable , dont you think ? 
   it is not about debating every single bit , i think it is more about overseeing it , that there will be no big mistakes that will give us disadvantages . 
  it would end up being exactly this . 
  [ here is a good statistic on the road deaths per distance and other metrics , but as you said , mainly for western european countries ] ( http://www.internationaltransportforum.org/irtadpublic/pdf/risk.pdf ), 
  not many . 
  the autobahn fatality rate is way below our other roads . 
  i assumed that he was talking about the total of eu countries when he was talking about the eu . 
  schengen is still in place . 
  schengen is more than just no bordercontrols . 
   setting german and european law out of order seems to need consent . 
  nice armchair lawyer we have here . 
  there is a difference between `` center of innovation '' and `` entirely irrelevant '' . 
  technology ! = scientific papers . 
   the cdu is the only one not wanting the posibility for volksentscheide you argued with the laws . 
  it does not matter that they are not in favor of it . 
   a legimitation is only there if the parlament was involved . 
  it depends on the competences . 
  whatever action is taken by the government , if they dont need the parliaments consent for it , they are acting legitimately . 
  a volksentscheid would ignore german law , just saying . 
  everything that is done is done with legitimation - representative democracy . 
   they might catch up to the eu , but they are hortibly behind the technology used by the states . 
  i lol 'd . 
   they are entirely irrelevant to the tech world innovation they are n't . 
   china really hates innovation and loves stealing instead . 
  they like innovation but go back for copying where they are n't innovate enough . 
  it depends on the areas . 
  i think it is illusory to believe that they will never catch up to us if we dont share our technology with them . 
  because someone will as it allows for excellent market perspectives . 
  i agree that it might be threatening our own position , so we have to watch carefully what technologies we share and which we dont , but it is inevitable that they will eventually get access to similar technologies at some point . 
  in what way ? 
  being the biggest trading partner bears a lot of importance . 
  and even more important , technological transfers . 
  its less what they think of us than our importance for them . 
   now he 's too old sch\u00e4uble is the same age as adenauer when he first took office . 
  age is hardly the problem . 
  ignoring that it is n't 65 % either : yes , a 10 % difference is quite a lot given the sheer numbers . 
  these numbers support my claim that it is not 75 % men between 18 and 40 . 
  the share of children varies a bit by the country where people apply for asylum , as shown in the eurostat link . 
   which shows that just this year not even 20 % was underage where do you get that from ? 
  i dont see a single month where the under 18 quota is below 25 % for germany . 
  i am talking about first time applications here . 
  i never said it contradicts 75 % being adults . 
  just the claim that 75 % are men between 18 and 40 is wrong . 
  the total amount of men generally stayed below 70 % , the number of the minors will drive this even further down . 
  sorry , the linking of eurostat is a bit weird . 
  fixed the link now . 
  just click on ` view table ' , you can look at single numbers for different age and gender groups , sorted by months . 
  and if you are still not convinced : [ official numbers for 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/en/web/products-datasets/-/migr_asypenctzm ) ( pending ) and [ official numbers ii ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/en/web/products-datasets/-/migr_asyappctzm ) ( applications ) . 
  i just cited the source . 
  it is a newspaper that created a graph based on official numbers from eurostat and the german government . 
  even modern vehicles need support and supply . 
  so even in the most optimal scenario , they are not that big of a threat ( nukes aside ) . 
  you criticized something else in the first point . 
  the graph was taken from * die zeit * nr . 
  40/2015 and the numbers are based on eurostat and the bamf ( german federal office for migration and refugees ) . 
   so why would n't they say they 're 13 or younger as well ? 
  because it doesnt make any sense and is detected way too easily . 
  you do know that i also posted 2015 numbers ? 
  / u/fitpantsonymonkey _ already answered that question . 
  exactly . 
  likely employment and business law . 
  its just such a difficult choice , there are so many areas in law that are extremely interesting . 
  they will try to figure out the real age . 
  which is possible , you can determine ones age through teeth or bones . 
  the age wont be reported this way . 
  relatively simple . 
  are you serious ? 
  nobody is going to believe you if you do . 
   has a large enough army to single handedly successfully invade and occupy all of mainland europe . 
  according to reports , the russian military is strong in numbers but severely lacks support and supply structures . 
  there have been cases where russian troops needed to cannibalize military vehicles to repair others of the same kind in maneuver as there were no spare parts available . 
  so they severely lack large-scaled military projection power . 
  its nothing about superiority . 
  it is simply contesting claims that are factually wrong . 
  unless you can bring up any numbers that would indicate the opposite , i do not see any reason to distrust these numbers . 
   i invite you to help in your local shelter to get a picture of what is going on . 
  either they hid the women and children from me , or they are very good at hiding .
