  well , there are good reasons for the current system : under the current regime , it is not always german law that finds application . 
  for a simple reason : if two people marry in a country , they agree to that marriage based on the expectations of their system . 
  it would be wrong to force the consequences of marriage in germany upon them - simply because neither of them knew about these consequences when he or she agreed to the marriage . 
  if two people have the same citizenship ( e.g. 
  turkish ) , turkish law applies . 
  if the two have different citizenships , the laws of the country of regular residence apply . 
  this is , when brought in front of a german court , usually germany . 
  they can however demand for the application of another law . 
  it is important to note that polygamy was never fully recognized . 
  many of the decisions in this regard were made to protect the women in polygamous marriages ( in case of divorce or death of the husband ) - if we would only recognize one marriage , all the `` other wifes '' would be left without any safeguarding and without any compensation . 
  i 'd also like to add that we never allowed for family reunification with multiple wifes . 
   but europe/nato does benefit in security terms from our presence well , somewhat . 
  your intelligence gathering here is certainly benefitial . 
  but not in a strict sense of coutnry defense and to a very low degree when talking about most of europe ( aka not eastern europe ) . 
  eastern europe is a different story however . 
  your presence in germany however has a different purpose . 
   they fall under our nuclear unbrella and just the amount of logistical/communications infrastructure and support they piggyback off of would cost a fortune if they were to do it themselves . 
  well , france and the uk have nukes themselves . 
  i do not think that you can put the nukes into the equation . 
  simple reason : if the us would declare not to protect europe with its nukes ( which it wo n't ) - it wo n't prompt germany or italy to acquire nukes . 
  it would also not cause you to reduce your spending on your own nukes . 
  about infrastructure - not certainly . 
  we have no need to use us military infrastructure in germany , we have our own . 
   you 're saying this would n't protect europe ? 
  yes . 
  talking about the bases in germany : your operations here are mainly intelligence ( your monitoring of the middle east is mainly done here ) and administration ( the missle shield has its headquarter here , the nato hqs are here ) . 
  and as a connection point for your drone strikes of course . 
   just because it 's not the lavish star wars missile defense system does n't mean it ca n't protect europe . 
  well , the troops here can not do anything to protect us . 
  you do not have a lot of tanks here , a handful of jets and no bigger equipment . 
  the capability to launch drone strikes in the middle east does not help us for country defense . 
   just because the bases serve the interests of american elites does n't somehow invalidate the fact that our military is very much there acting as a deterrent . 
  i do not contest that . 
  but this is completely unrelated to your bases and troops here . 
  your `` big guns '' are not in europe . 
  making the demand to `` pull your troops '' uninformed actionism that weakens your own position . 
   so then you must agree with me i am not . 
   you clearly do n't need us , right ? 
  it is not black and white . 
  sometimes , us and german interests are aligned . 
  this does not necessarily concern country defense . 
   i mean , why put up with that unique humiliation - having foreigner military bases in your land ? 
  it is not humilitating to be honest . 
   oh so european nations just happen to have really tiny military budgets as a totally unrelated happenstance , right ? 
  you know that your military budget is that high for a variety of reasons , a lot of which are completely unrelated to nato ? 
  for example systematic overspending due to political reasons ( zumwalt class destroyers for example ) , maintaining global projection power with ten ridiculously expensive carriers , having a nuclear arsenal sufficient to wipe out the world multiple times , etc. 
  especially your points about `` maintaining military bases in europe '' is ridiculous given that the bases in germany mainly serve american interests . 
  you do not even have troops or equipment here that would be fit for country defense . 
  about `` running troops through europe '' - well duh , the deployments in the baltics are not exclusively american . 
  and last but not least : what do you expect us to spend ? 
  2 % is an artificial target that says nothing about the actual capabilities or necessities . 
  germany is surrounded by friends . 
  it is very likely that europe spending more would not cause the us to spend less . 
  look at the proposals of most ( former ) 2016 republican presidential candidates : `` let 's build up the military '' . 
  this is not exaclty a misconception . 
  the state of the bridges in the us could use some improvement : [ percentage of nhs bridges classified as deficient ] ( http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2013cpr/images/esx03hbr3.jpg ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2013cpr/overviews.cfm#2h ) the trend certainly is positive , but 21.4 % is too much . 
  and even that is a disgrace . 
  it really shows how bad the infrastructure around the world has to be if it is beaten by us . 
  we chronically underspent on our infrastructure for decades , yet we are still # 1 for some reason . 
  yes , it is not terrible and it probably still deserves that place , but come on . 
  this is not an `` attack '' on the us - there is no need to get defensive here . 
  it however is a fact that pretty much all highly developed countries are underspending on infrastructure and that it will sooner or later crumble . 
  and before someone directs the `` have you '' question at me : yes , i have . 
  i have lived in the states . 
  aaand yet another american who thinks that the troops in most of europe are here for our defense . 
  hint : this is n't the case . 
   what difference will it make to the rest of the eu if britain were to leave ? 
  it will cause an increase in similar movements . 
  probably in denmark and maybe the netherlands . 
  it would cause a lot of trouble for the next years and it has the potential to kill off the economic recovery . 
   why do you have a stake in this ? 
  what do you have to gain or lose by britain leaving the union ? 
  it would shift the balance of power inside the eu . 
  all disparities aside , german and british interests are regularly aligned . 
   why do you care if we leave ? 
  surely us going will allow you to get to work on the ever closer union . 
  the two speed union should become a thing very soon . 
  i do care because i believe that the uk staying is better for both sides and for the citizens of both sides . 
   i 'm actually curious if this is common in other european countries , or is it purely an american phenomenon ? 
  it 's actually pretty american . 
  the us is without a second of doubt the most important ally of israel ( as seen in the voting behaviour in the un for example ) . 
  our relationship with israel only really becomes a talking point if someone suggests changing the relationship . 
  for a while now , the stance has been that israels security is part of our raison d'etat but that we wo n't support israels politics without criticism . 
  and there are no signs of change in this regard . 
  other than that , people only talk about isreal if something drastic happens ( like gaza conflicts , building settlements etc. ), 
   one major aspect is that you keep controle over your spending by using cash . 
  if you do a lot of little purchases all day long and use any kind of card , you will most likly not add up everything in your mind , to keep remembering what you bought and how much every item cost . 
  you will only really find out when you go sometimes to your computer , check into the internet and than see how much you really spent . 
  true . 
  [ you do not need something like this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/may/19/bank-customers-overspending-electric-shock-wearable-device ) if you stick with cash . 
   also , it is quite expensive to run a card-payment system if you are really small , and so it is ofen just not worth the price if the majority generally uses cash as well . 
  i grew up in a pretty small village with one store . 
  they have never accepted card payments and likely never will , but that 's fine . 
  if you lacked cash , you could just pay the next day . 
  for bigger stores however i think it is necessary to accept card payments . 
  nobody can be expected to carry around hundeds of euros every day . 
  as i said , everybody should be able to choose . 
  but for very small stores its just not worth it . 
   well yeah , but it 's priced in if i use cash , too since the price does n't change to me .
