  and these are obviously wrong here . 
  the watchdog is to a good part staffed with representatives of this press ( including the sun ) . 
  it is actually completely disconnected from the freedom and independence of the press . 
  you 're trying to find a problem when there is n't one . 
  and quite frankly , it is a very desperate thing to claim that we do not have independent press when all they have been forced to do is publish the objective truth ( and essentially by themselves ) . 
  nobody forced them to change their political opinion or go into the other direction . 
   why should they be forced if it is a privately owned newspaper ? 
  because they have a special responsibility . 
  and i would advise you to look at who is sitting in the board of ipso . 
  it is not government officials . 
  and it is in their best self-interest : if newspapers regularly twist facts to create opinion , the people will stop reading them . 
  it is the task of the independent media to inform the citizens about the stuff that is happening . 
  it is okay to take sides , but it is not okay to make up things . 
   nobody forces the public to read and believe it . 
  thats a pretty cheap argument . 
   again it 's a private enterprise does n't make you excempt from regulations and laws . 
   so the newspapers should be told by the state what to say ? 
  as i replied to your other comment , this was brought forth by ipso and not by the government . 
  pretty much every country as an organization of this kind and rightfully though . 
  it is not like they are forcing the newspaper to tell something that is more of their liking but simply the truth about the poll . 
   it seems stupid to make newspapers post what the state wants , orwellian in a way . 
  this claim is actaully so ridiculous . 
  `` oh no a newspaper was forced to tell the ( objective ) truth . 
  muh freedom of press '' . 
  it was n't the government but ipso . 
  which is independent . 
  they are only forced to release corrections in case they got something terribly wrong . 
  as it was the case here , as it was the case when they reported about the queen backing a brexit . 
  newspapers still have a highly influential role in the creation of a public opinion and they thus need to be ( somewhat ) reliable or stay vague . 
   build an atom bomb stronger thatn usa , russia and china possesses and keep it without using . 
  so , a nuclear device that is stronger than the zar bomba . 
  great . 
  this guy is insane , but essentially , it does not matter what he says . 
  it 's not like he is leading political personnel in turkey . 
  the easiest answer will probably be : `` i do n't understand what people see in him either . '', 
  works with pretty much every question i can think of . 
  it can make sense , depending on what you want to say . 
   ok , i 'll grant you greece , but let 's not pretend that it 's for any reason other than to offload a load of migrants from their country onto everyone else . 
  pure self-interest on their part . 
  honestly , that is fine . 
  it is a completely legitimate reason for support . 
  as i have said repeatedly : helping greece is the only objective of this deal . 
  we have nothing to gain from it . 
   yet not enough for a real redistribution system . 
  other governments might make a few conciliatory noises towards germany , but that is n't really translating into concrete commitments . 
  it is still approval . 
  remember - when the deal first was proposed , it faced opposition from many sides , concerning many aspects of it . 
  yes , we do not have mandatory quotas . 
  but we at least got the deal which is already significantly more than anybody expected . 
  if you listened to some governments and many foreign newspapers , the deal would never have been finished . 
  yet here we are . 
   and you ca n't even hold them to those agreements . 
  what hope do you think you have for forcing other countries to take in genuinely large numbers of migrants ? 
  we have no tool to force anybody . 
  we will have to rely on the countries sticking to their promises . 
  remember : even the czech republic has recently announced that it holds up its promise to take in the refugees agreed on under the replacement thingy that was negotiated earlier . 
  that was prior to brussels , however . 
  let 's see how it goes and judge afterwards . 
   that poll does n't necessarily reflect the reality on the ground . 
  if germany is faced with more a million migrants entering their country every year for several years and with no end in sight , we 'll see just how these liberal ideals will hold . 
  what you are saying is making no sense . 
  as you can see , there is no approval for a constant flow of a million or more . 
  500k would already be tricky , but 200-300k would be tolerable . 
  even amongst the members of the afd , 50 % are fine with 200k/year , same for the critical parts of merkel 's party . 
  it would also be no problem for our society . 
   germany wo n't have a choice . 
  the other countries are n't joining the quota system and the flow of people is n't stopping . 
  so what will germany do about it . 
  there is no ` flow ' anymore that would be worth the name . 
  the only ` flow ' that could return would be from italy . 
  and this is not the objective at the moment . 
   prevailed at what ? 
  the only thing that i can see her prevailing on is clinging onto power.she 's completely failed at pushing through her most concrete proposal ( binding quotas ) . 
  implementing a deal with turkey , including concessions towards them , in terms of monetary support , eu accession talks , visa-free travel . 
  nobody wanted that deal in the first place , merkel wanted it . 
  we have a deal . 
  i would call that ` prevailed ' . 
   keeping people out . 
  admitting that germany will have to turn away those in need . 
  this would require the balkan route to open again . 
  something that is unlikely . 
  the options are `` greece is fucked '' and `` greece is not fucked '' , nothing else . 
  nonsense . 
  representative democracy does not rely on constant revalidation during the term . 
  the polling shows that there is no other possible chancellor anyways . 
  first of all this was never the plan and also is n't going to happen anymore . 
  it is logistically impossible to ship a million here from turkey , the balkan route is closed , it is unlikely that there will be a million coming via libya-lampedusa . 
  depends on whether you are talking about logistics , political approval or long-term effects . 
  talking about logistics - it is certainly not a problem anymore . 
  in fact , most of our refugee shelters are empty currently . 
  on logistics alone , we would not really struggle to take in another million this year . 
  political approval is more difficult , it depends on the numbers . 
  i would argue that < 500,000 per annum would be tolerable . 
  talking about long-term effects , it gets more tricky . 
  there is a maximum that a society can absorb in a certain amount of time . 
   fortunately for the rest of us , germany does n't rule europe . 
  merkel 's european solution might be popular in germany , but it is n't popular anywhere else . 
  well , it certainly is popular in greece and it has found approval from all other eu governments . 
  it is also inaccurate that she ` is n't popular anywhere else ' - according to the most recent win/gallup poll , she is still more popular than cameron and hollande . 
   there wo n't be a redistribution .
