  our new budget plan provides for 3000 new border policemen which will be dealing with the applications . 
  we are taking staff from the customs office to deal with it aswell ( they were assigned for watching over the minimum wage , they say that this has a lower priority than dealing with the current crisis however ) . 
  there has been money provided for more childcare workers , not only for the normal population but also for the migrant childs . 
  and last but not least the creation of 10,000 new jobs in the federal voluntary service ( many people graduating from school do this for a year after graduating ) for integrating these people . 
   becuase that sounds difficult . 
  you ca n't physically relocate people to different neighbourhoods for example . 
  insanely difficult . 
  `` the human is a creature of habit '' - people will naturally try to move to other people that think alike and look alike . 
  we have some way to influence that since most of them rely on government housing for the start . 
  we will however not be able to completely prevent that , that is true . 
   nor can you force anyone to learn a language if they do n't want to . 
  we will try a new attempt . 
  we believe that people innately want to work ( and that should be true for the vast majority of refugees aswell ) , so we reverted the process . 
  so far , it has been language course -  work . 
  now we will try to put them into work before they have finished their language education because the government believes that there is no place where you have more motivation to learn a language than at your workplace . 
  if you work amongst germans , you have no other choice but learn their language , contrary to just sitting in your refugee home where you are around your family . 
  of course we cant force anyone , but we can not do more than offering these people the best opportunitites to learn our language . 
  also , if they ever want to become citizens and not be deported to syria once the conflict is over , they have to prove that they have knowledge of the german language . 
  classic `` muslim birth machines come here and replace our population '' comment . 
  looking up the numbers , it seems your population will decrease roughly the same amount as greeces , by around 27 % until 2070 . 
  you are correct . 
   has anything changed since merkel declared multiculturalism unsuccessful ? 
  declaring multiculturalism unsuccessful does not mean that she opposes the integration of other cultures into our society . 
  it simply says that the attempt of letting different cultures live independently in our country has failed . 
  i would somewhat agree with that statement ( parallel societies anyone ? ) . 
  this means that the most essential part of a successful dealing with the current refugee numbers is integrating these people * into * our society , not just letting them create their own society in our country . 
   is there anything that can be done differently , or is being done differently ? 
  yes . 
  contrary to the situation with the guest workers , we are aware about the challenges and threats it poses on us . 
  it depends on how we deal with it . 
  we have unprecedented numbers of voluntary helpers trying to help and integrate the refugees into our society . 
  we will see how that goes , it is too early to make predictions about that . 
   poland dont have problems with population i am sorry to correct you , but according to current statistics , projections and predictions , your population will shrink by about [ four millions until 2050 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00002&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  your population will also , like in germany , age significantly . 
  the average age in your country , now 38.5 years , will increase to 51 years in 2050 . 
   thats only few countries that really needs more people . 
  actually there is only one major country in the eu that can somewhat sustain its population without immigration and that is france . 
   also if they will be not welfare seekers but they will prove that they are hardworkng and usefull - they can stay . 
  if they want only easy life on welfare in germoney and other rich coutries ( because rest of the eu is `` too poor '' for them ) they shouldnt be allowed to stay . 
  and any signs of islam extremism = deportation . 
  fundamental rights and some chartas prevent us from deporting into war areas . 
  if the situation in that country gets better ( lets see how putins push will affect the turn of civil war ) , we can think about deporting the people that are currently refugees and that have not integrated into society and live on welfare by then . 
  those `` mad government benefits '' are actually not that impressive and will partly be replaced by goods/vouchers very soon . 
  it is true that we ( many european countries ) need some kind of immigration if we do not want to see our population shrinking . 
  however , controlled work migration of educated people is much better suited for that . 
  the point in taking i refugees however has never been fixing our own problems . 
  they pose a huge challenge to us , but they can also be seen as an opportunity . 
  the success will depend on how well we do in integrating these people into our society and economy . 
  alright , thank you so much !, 
  wasnt that reported like two months ago ? 
  still not good though . 
  ~ ~ armored military vehicles ~ ~ free shuttles included . 
  is anyone capable of giving a short tl ; dr style translation ? 
  the google translation is full of disconnects . 
  it is a much lower number than the ones showed in parent posters linked article . 
  10 % of ~ 3-4 % of population is a number that is insignificant for the country . 
  you will always have some crazy fuckers holding insane opinions . 
  not limited to migrants or muslims . 
  that is an astonishing 500,000 euros for estonia . 
  i think nazi references will never stop . 
  however , the severity of these references will decrease over time . 
  the same way that france will likely not be able to get rid of the `` white flag coward '' puns , i think it will be this way considering us and the nazis . 
  it will happen once both sides take the issue less ` serious ' . 
  i am a bit short on time right now , i will look if i can come up with some names and sources later , okay ? 
  well , i dont . 
  it was merely a response to saying that we `` left the 20th century behind us '' . 
  well , we wont be able to leave it behind for quite a while . 
  you have quite a few of them . 
  nobel laureates , well-spoken people . 
  there is no special name that pops up in my mind now , it is just the general impression i got while reading statements of anglo-saxon economists . 
  well , its not just krugman . 
  most of your decorated economists declared us insane when our government announced that we will not fight debt with more debts , that we refuse to artificially create more short-term growth through debts . 
  so far , it seems that our way is working pretty well . 
  it seems that most vocal economists only know `` more money and more debts '' as a ` solution ' for crises . 
  of any kind . 
  krugman advocated for a greek ` no ' in the referendum and was shocked that the political actors did not have a plan b. 
  so much for farsightedness . 
  the uk would certainly remain a hotspot for immigration , no doubt about that . 
  however , being excluded from the free movement would likely put a dent in the migration numbers from other european countries . 
  i do not say that the uk would stop growing due to immigration , i just assume that it would be a bit slower , thus not overtaking germany by 2060 . 
  iirc france has a fertility rate of over 2 . 
  oh , i for one am pretty confident in poland and actually i look forwards to it . 
  we will however not reach this state where we become too insignificant within a century . 
  and thats the issue . 
  one century ago , we had just started the first world war . 
  i forgot to finish the middle paragraph in the post above , added that now . 
  less than 10 % of german muslims advocate for an introduction of the sharia here . 
  i do not deny that we will very likely ( or actually certainly ) face problems with the refugees we are currently getting . 
  nevertheless i think that it is possible to overcome a lot of the problems , a lot depends on how much effort you put into dealing with these people . 
  offering them education , language courses and preventing the creating of parallel societies are the best attempt of dealing with it . 
  we will be able to judge how well it went in a decade probably . 
   maybe not in ` per capita ' terms , but in absolute numbers , both in terms of gdp , and definitely population , that will be the result of the demographics . 
  thats what i disagree with . 
  some predictions say that the uk will have the same population as we do in 2060 . 
  this prediction was made under the premise that the uk will continuously have a large net migration like it did in the last years . 
  which could be ` endangered ' by the two factors i named . 
  a brexit would significantly lower the number of people moving to the uk , anti-immigration policies are suited for it aswell ( ukip anyone ? ) . 
  the other premise was that germany does not have a net migration over 200,000 people per year . 
  well , we do currently . 
  a lot more than that actually .
