  if just by owerblowing single events . 
   well the deal is for every person deported a syrian will be accepted right ? 
  so deporting any syrian for the purpose of reducing numbers would be futile anyway . 
  we do not know about the exact specifics yet . 
   there sure has been a lot of flip flopping during this crisis true . 
   it 's easier to have it done beforehand than to do it when they are already there though . 
  true , but this wo n't make up for 40k + more poeple . 
   so the dirty job is handed off to turkey then . 
  this really seems like germany ( and others ) trying to keep their hands clean and letting turkey do the dirty job . 
  if you want to word it very drastic , somewhat , yes . 
  however we also have to consider that it is remarkably cheaper for everyone . 
  the eu has lawyers , germany has lawyers , i am studying law and there have been a lot of lawyers that have given their statement about it . 
  i think we have a pretty clear tendency . 
   we have more afghans than iraqis , and a vast number of migrants from other , non war countries that together are second only to syria . 
  the approval rating for asylum applications is above 70 % . 
  so this means we are having 30 % we have to care about/get rid off . 
  could be worse . 
  and in fact , it was much worse just half a year ago . 
   as for iraq i checked , yeah , it was just a proposal . 
  it would be ridiculously stupid to send people back to iraq . 
  we however have around 500 people a month leaving voluntarily to iraq . 
   would it be right to say her political career hangs on whether this works out or not ? 
  i dunno that much about internal german politics . 
  questionable . 
  despite all the problems we are having , merkels popularity is increasing , her party is still the strongest by a large margin , there are no serious conestants for her position . 
  the only thing that matters is that the numbers are going down , which they are . 
  it does not matter what way . 
  the turkey deal could fail , if the refugee numbers continue to stay below 200k a year ( which they currently are , we are having less than 500 a day ) , it does not matter . 
  reports about her being severely endangered are exaggerated . 
  she faces problems within her party , but i am confident that she will prevail . 
   yeah i am just saying that if you leave the passage open and have this deal then plenty of people will still try their luck . 
  okay . 
   there is a considerable minority of germans who want `` open borders '' so that anyone who wishes to immigrate to germany may come , who would not want to make a difference between refugees and non-refugees , so they had the glorious idea to simply call all irregular migrants `` refugees '' . 
  according to a poll published today , over 50 % of germans would have advocated for opening the macedonian border . 
  and if you look at the stats , over 60 % of people coming here are from syria or iraq . 
  it is a cheap attempt to discredit what i wrote based on pro-refugee pro-open-border people . 
  legitimate polls have shown large acceptance for genuine refugees and very low acceptance for people that do not originate from war areas . 
   it is wrong to suggest that `` we as a society '' would have a single opinion on these issues . 
  actually i think that 75 % + of germans are united on the issue that they do not want economic migration under the name of accepting refugees . 
   the majority of germans want to help refugees , primarily in their region of origin , and if that is impossible then to give them as a selected group temporary shelter here . 
  actually the majority still supports genuine refugees . 
  just in lower numbers than we had previously . 
   on immigration , the majority of germans want a canada-style immigration law that focuses on our citizens ' interest in immigration , with a yearly quota and a transparent publicly discussed point system for selection . 
  yes , but this is only affecting regular migration . 
  the majority of germans is in favor of accepting set amounts of refugees . 
  which is pretty much what we got under the turkey deal . 
   ms merkel 's government made radical cuts to grants for refugee camps in jordan and lebanon , source for that ? 
  how is that imprecise ? 
  nope , iraq is not on the list of safe countries . 
  and for good reason . 
   i can agree on that , a heads up would be good . 
  i mean , its a remote comparison , but there is a reason why engaging in a war with a declaration of war is considered bad mannered . 
   yeah , will be interesting to see how this deal turns out . 
  i expect it to implode to be honest but i 'm a pessimist . 
  if it works out , it will greatly strenghten merkel domestically . 
   well i guess we shall see . 
  yes , we have no other option . 
   though i doubt it would stop people trying if the passage from greece to germany and elsewhere is still open . 
  the passage does not need to be open however . 
  the greek-macedonian border can remain closed , macedonia is not part of schengen and greece now has a way of getting ` rid ' of the refugees . 
  its pretty much a win for everybody . 
   also because we had the 12 laws since the founding of the roman republic and they have never ever under any circumstance changed not will they ever change in the future . 
  well , at least talking about germany it would likely not be legal under art . 
  1 of our constitution , which can not be changed . 
  ( it is only 67 years old by the way )  i did n't until i read about that swedish free concert where women get assaulted and the police and the media cover it up because they do n't like to report on rapists that are too brown . 
  this is not germany . 
  nothing we can do about that . 
  none of our business . 
   and the same thing happened on the `` uneventful '' evening in cologne , if i recall correctly . 
  this was partly a failure of the police and the media . 
  but we got the full coverage , despite with a delay of a few hours . 
  whoever gets caught from these people will have to face charges . 
   i would say it was the inaction that was the issue on everyone 's part , they should of shut the borders and massively fund and set up refugees camps in greece to process cases and then distribute ones with valid claims instead of just letting anyone wonder across europe . 
  possible , but this cant be changed anymore . 
  we are in the situation we are in . 
  yes , we could have acted much earlier , and not only in greece but also in italy . 
  nobody ( but the pope ) seriously gave a fuck about the arrivals in lampedusa . 
  everyone was like `` not my problem '' and that includes my country . 
   also the fear came from real situations not stuff that was just made up . 
  it may be exaggerated but it 's not like there are n't issues . 
  if you are running an election campaign warning of some alleged dangers , i would say that the fear was artificially created . 
  plus it is a widespread observation that the people who have the least contact with people of this kind are the most afraid of them . 
   how would they ? 
  they are syrians , it would be a breach of international law for germany to deport them due to their valid claim to asylum . 
  as i said , the first safe country is still a thing . 
  the only reason why we could not send back to turkey so far was the lack of an agreement . 
  legally , it is fine . 
  i am not talking about sending back people to syria . 
  our constitution explicitly allows us to turn down people and deport them if they came via a third country that is safe for them . 
  essentially , this is supposed to be the country where they first entered the eu , but as i elaborated we can not deport to greece . 
  in this case , turkey will do . 
   and it would require backtracking on the government 's part due to them saying syrians will be accepted . 
  the statement that dublin applies to syrians again was made months ago . 
  it just did not get a lot of feedback from the media . 
   maybe sure , but they will be checked and registered beforehand and that is massively in germany 's interest . 
  it is , but we can also do this with the border arrivals by now . 
  we no longer have numbers that make this impossible . 
   also it will allow for non syrians to be deported , though i do n't see why germany ca n't just deport the non syrians themselves we are . 
  but it sometimes is troublesome to deport into some areas . 
   why not an australian solution , then ?
