   laws are made or approved in parliament not in government ; the government it \u00b4 s only responsible for executing them , hence the executive power . 
  asides from the fact that laws often come from governments and are passed into the parliament . 
  like the recent laws approved by the greek parliament . 
  none of the parties in the parliament is capable of providing a majority . 
  attempts to form a new coalition have failed . 
  how are you going to determine which party is going to lead then ? 
  you could say syriza , but that party split up . 
  some people obviously think we are . 
  i agree , apart from the withdrawal part . 
  if the discrimination happened at a time where you were part of said agreement , you will be held accountable , no matter if you withdraw later on . 
  thats actually what happened in the yukos owners v. russia isds case . 
  however , russia refuses to pay and nobody can really force them to do so . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  since she does not need to develop any new laws , she does not need to find support for anything ( and thus no ` friends ' ) . 
  what investigations ? 
  this was true for all replies , seems to be fine again . 
  how so ? 
  despite allegations that the greek supreme court is maybe too friendly towards the government , there is nothing that would seriously endanger its reputation . 
  greece is not a country of election fraud , how can preparing such an election threaten the reputation of the courts ? 
  thats actually nothing unusual in some countries . 
  she will merely prepare the reelections , not establish a new social deal in greece . 
  they seriously made it a live ticker ? 
  agreed . 
  i do not contest that pmi also complained about the warnings as they think it violates their ip aswell as deeming it ineffective for raising awareness of the threats of smoking . 
  however what i said is not wrong . 
  i am not smoking anything by the way , thank you . 
   the claimants do not contest uruguay 's right to adopt non-discriminatory , legitimate regulation to protect public health [ icsid decision of jurisdiction on the case ] ( http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/italaw1531.pdf ) , recital 166, 
   first off not all business associations are public , that 's why letting plaintiffs handpicking arbiters seems shady . 
  it 's also a fucking joke that companies get to handpick the deciding party while people in courts has to settle for what the state picks . 
  have you ever had a look at the people who work in isds courts nowadays ? 
  every single one of them is a highly respected lawyer , many are professors . 
  for these people , their reputation is the highest good they have , there is nothing wrong with the composition of the tribunals in my opinion . 
   secondly , just because the the eu wants something from a deal does not mean it will be introduced . 
  and the us are opposed to changes to the current isds system this is not a change to the whole isds system . 
  there is no reason for the us to keep this system as they have not/rarely lost isds cases so far afaik . 
   they are free to . 
  but many governments choose to wait on the outcome of cases because they do n't want to risk lawsuits . 
  any example for this in a highly developed country like the countries that will/might be part of ttip ? 
   lastly why you you so afraid to address my point of the lack of precedent in isds cases . 
  what do you want me to say with this ? 
  there have rarely been isds judgements that have been wrong or not justified so far . 
  speaks for the system i would say . 
  just because something like the smoking cases have never been decided does not make the system bad for deciding these things . 
  national courts usually have never decided on some issues either . 
  who says so ? 
  doing so is a circumvention of law . 
  there would be no point in introducing the law otherwise . 
  instead of having marlboro silver , marlboro red and marlboro menthol , you would have marlboro silver , marllboro red and marlllboro menthol . 
  this would be an obvious attempt to render the law useless and it would not be tolerated in any reliable judiciary system . 
  and by the way - pmi explicitly stated in the isds documents that they are fine with regulation as long as it is non-discriminatory . 
  in contrast , the market leader in uruguay ( 77 % market share ) was able to rename its product variants and offer them with little changes to appearance and design on the uruguay market . 
  [ bundesverband der deutschen industrie , investitionsschutzabkommen und investor-staat-schiedsverfahren , p. 36 ( in german ) ] ( http://www.bdi.eu/download_content/globalisierungmaerkteundhandel/investitionsschutzabkommen_und_isds.pdf ) , more sources included in the pdf . 
  as i said , the other party is free to deny lawyers that have affiliations . 
  this is not inside knowledge , this is public . 
  i did not find a statement from the us quickly , but i got this : the eu stated :  `` to further discourage unfounded claims , the eu is proposing that the losing party should bear all costs of the proceedings . '' even the `` big business '' thinks this rule is okay :  the introduction of the `` loser pays '' principle may also discourage frivolous claimants . '' ( businesseurope ) nothing is delayed , the governments are free to enact new legislation during a process . 
   pmi is currently suing uruguay , norway , australia and uk over packaging laws and it will likely fail in all of them but uruguay . 
  [ it has been a very recent statement by the french senate ] ( http://www.senat.fr/rap/l14-134/l14-1342.html ) . 
  ( they have been more clear on a rejection elsewhere ) . 
  have you any source that says why the us is rejecting it ? 
  i only have read that they reject it so far , no hint on the reasoning . 
  they will still be able to choose their arbitrator , the difference is that they have to select from a variety of judges appointed ( and likely payed ) by the countries that are part of the trade agreement . 
  i know that this `` choosing from a list of lawyers '' already applies in some arbitration institutions , however there is less transparency ( nevertheless most arbitrators are usually highly respected people who are not dumb enough to trade in their neutrality for some short-time financial ` support ' ), 
  i am not confusing anything . 
  despite it not being a court , it being populated by lawyers and not judges , it is called `` arbitration court '' by large parts of the jurisprudence . 
   arbitration consists of lawyers that are partially picked by the plaintiff one of three lawyers usually picked by the plaintiff , both parties have to agree on the third one . 
  the other party is also able to object to the appointment of a lawyer ( under certain circumstances , like when the lawyer has an affiliation to a party ) . 
   conflict of interest rules are relaxed how so ? 
   loser does not pay the court costs of the winner actually they will . 
  the us is heavily advocating for this , it will with a very high certainty be included in ceta and ttip . 
   no dismissal of cases as i said , there is no need to . 
  what advantage does it have if you have a loser pays clause in place ? 
  we can judge once it is released . 
  because unlike what you might think , the uruguay case was actually a discrimination of a foreign company . 
  uruguay established some of the harshest anti-smoking laws in the world , forcing the tobacco companies to cover 80 % of the packaging with pictures of the damage smoking can do while also limiting themselves to offer just one kind of cigarettes per brand . 
  philip morris fulfilled this requirement . 
  it was however tolerated by the government that the uruguay-based market leader in tobacco ( at 77 % ) was able to relabel its different products and keep offering them , even keeping the previous design . 
  which essentially puts philip morris at a competitive disadvantage , qualifying as discrimination . 
  since under these circumstances , they have good prospects of actually winning the arbitration ( which is ` only ' 25 million $ anyways ) , it is a ` good ' alternative for the government to evade these costs ( which it is responsible for as it was discriminating a company based on its origin ) . 
  besides that , pmi contested that the pictures have any effect warning about the dangers of smoking and some other things . 
  i dont know about togo . 
  you forget to mention that each of the 28 parliaments will have to agree to that deal aswell ( despite the eu currently thinking otherwise ) . 
  i doubt that you can deny the parliaments participation if the biggest players of the eu ( france , germany , dont know about the uk ) claim that it is a mixed agreements which the national parliaments have to vote on . 
  so where is the issue ? 
  if their rights are violated , the court will decide in their favor , if not they will have to bear the costs of the arbitration . 
  the french senate ( ? ), 
  has said that they wont sign the deal unless ttip is changed to something of this kind . 
  leading german politicians are advocating for it . 
  malmstr\u00f6m has included this attempt in her own perspective on ttip , however it is not yet certain whether it will be included in the ttip agreement . 
  the americans are somewhat opposed to it , malmstrom aims for a change from isds to this court system a few years after ttip is in place if i am not mistaken . 
  we are talking about threats of ttip here however . 
  and no country that will be affected by this treaty ( if it comes into effect ) will serously face these problems . 
  the proposal for a `` isds court '' of some sorts can also help this problem . 
  the average arbitration is 8 million , if a country cant afford that , there is something wrong . 
  the general kind of business that will be conducted after ttip will still be the same . 
  different regulations do not change the ` way ' . 
  i maybe should have worded it a little different . 
  we are not under this threat anymore however . 
  it is impossible that any company convinces the ttip negotiators that smoking is not harmful . 
  despite me being in favor of taking in refugees and also having been pretty vocal about this here on the sub , the sheer numbers of people from a different background puts europe up to a huge challenge . 
  merkel herself said that it is likely the biggest task during all her chancellorship , even bigger than the financial/debt crisis .
