  playing the nazi card huh ? 
  and this research vessel was an armed destroyer ? 
  does n't matter . 
  they can hardly invade estonian territorial water claiming that they have to ` guard north stream ' . 
  especially not considering the nato membership of your country . 
   contracts with kremlin are never straightforward . 
  our contracts have been straightforward enough to ensure that we had no ( direct ) problems in decades . 
  if ukraine acknowledges itself that they are in delay , there is not really an issue . 
   of course it matters . 
  it is part of politics of both past and future . 
  it does n't matter in the way that it is not really relevant for us for what reason we are cut off . 
  we have to try to eliminate possible interferences on our supply . 
  you use a 77 year old example as an argument against an oil pipeline in 2016 ? 
  come on . 
   says you ( and russia ) . 
  nordstream certainly helps to set up such conflicts . 
  how so ? 
  we all know that russia is aggressive with its troop movements , be it ships or air units . 
  i do n't think that russia needs north stream as a justification . 
  they are bullying neighbors , constantly trying how far they can go . 
  north stream however has not been object of these disputes so far . 
  i do not see how you can draw a connection here . 
  i could accept the statement ` i/we do not want to deal with russia since it is an aggressive bully ' but claiming that north stream would lead to some kind of military deployment threatening you is a bit far-fetched . 
  there is truth outside court judgements . 
  if a party misses a payment ( and this was confirmed by all three sides , russia , ukraine and the eu ) , you do not need a court decision anymore . 
  this is not about ` guilt ' . 
  plus in the end , it does not matter . 
  russia made a credible threat to cut off ukraine due to this issue , endangering our supply stability . 
  well , it is an open secret that ukraine is pretty much on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  and ukraine failed to pay on time multiple times . 
  for example 1.4 billion dollars in mid-2014 where the eu jumped in to mediate between the two parties . 
  this is nothing about taking a side , this is a pretty neutral fact . 
   there was that incident of russian navy bullying the lithuanian cable-laying ship to sweden . 
  then there have been several incidents of russian navy harassing finland 's vessels . 
  and none of them are related to north stream . 
   also , nothing prevents eu + ukraine to buy gas together . 
  we have to stop somewhere . 
  otherwise literally everyone west from russia will want to buy gas together with the eu ( asides from belarus maybe ) . 
  i doubt that the eu has interest in taking a country that constantly fails to honor gas payments into the boat . 
   you are deliberately stalling . 
  my ( well , not my ) proposal is good regardless of any infrastructure . 
  well , the proposal itself is good . 
  at least i do not see much downsides to it but a lot to gain for the ee countries . 
   ah , the solidarity and the eu common market principles . 
  few countries inside the eu ( or , for that matter , in general ) would accept major setbacks to benefit other countries . 
  it will naturally produce opposition , but i am convinced that it is possible to work around these obstacles . 
   it would . 
  it would bring cheaper gas closer to the ukraine border . 
  doesnt improve ukraines situation . 
  all that matters at that point is : eu or not eu - and ukraine is not eu . 
  and if we want to be precise - cheap gas is already flowing through ukraine . 
  it would also create the problem with new countries joining the eu and the existing contracts ( which are usually extremely long-term ) . 
   in other words if estonia ca n't be individually cut off by russia , then estonia would have a cutoff opportunity for itself ( and that is unlikely to be granted to estonia ) . 
  it depends on who is in charge over the branch . 
   actually you are wrong . 
  there was a period when the baltics had relatively lower gas prices . 
  well , iirc there was a period after 1990 where the ee countries payed less due to these countries being extremely poorer than today . 
  since they are advancing the rest of europe ( and overtaking a few of them ) , the prices have been above our levels if i am not mistaken . 
   only in the bookkeeping . 
  in contracts the gas price includes transit costs . 
  otherwise we would see very very cheap gas prices from kazakhstan and turkmenistan for which russia is merely providing an expensive transport service . 
  this is not what i meant . 
  what i meant is that the gas price in poland is independent from gas flowing through poland to germany or not . 
   you are not up to speed , i am afraid . 
  sometimes it is called the gazprom naval fleet , but kremlin has a 50 % share of gazprom . 
  fractional democracy . 
  well , show me an example of the russian navy ` guarding ' north stream inside the territorial waters of another country . 
  we dont have a joint foreign policy , we do n't have a joint economy like this and we are all in different situations . 
  i agree that this could be a feasible solution for the future ( the bloc would be too big for russia to refuse to deal with them ) , however it is still a bit into the future . 
  until we have proper infrastructure ( allowing us to redistribute gas in europe ) , it does not make sense . 
  given the poisoned political climate in europe , it will be difficult to negotiate currently . 
  and i am sure that germany will be opposed to it as it will likely drive up our own prices . 
  this would n't help ukraine however . 
   estonia does not need access to the sea line . 
  then dont complain about being circumvented . 
  the point is : if you have access to north stream , you can not be cut off , similar to the landlines . 
  i am aware that the [ baltics and poland pay more than germany or france ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/russian-gas-how-much-gazprom/25442003.html ) . 
  however , this has always been the case , own pipeline or not . 
  the gas price is independent from transit . 
  why would russia wait for higher prices if it could do this already without having to build new lines . 
  the only threat is that a country could be cut off , like ukraine is threatened for years now . 
   an offered access to the sea line was simply a bait to route the pipe through estonian waters and then start guarding it with the russian naval fleet with anti-aircraft rocket systems . 
  north stream surpasses quite a few sea territories . 
  none of it is ` guarded ' by the russian naval fleet . 
  if this is possible in other areas , it should be possible in the estonian territorial waters . 
   you 're not the least bit interested that putin will hammer the c and e countries for prices russia demands higher prices from these countries no matter what . 
  pipelines or not . 
  so far , pipelines going through these countries have not stopped russia from demanding higher prices anyways . 
  we are not talking about gas transfers to these countries because russias prices are too high , but in case russia tries to cut them off . 
   none of the baltic countries and poland were offered any land pipe alternative route . 
  i was not talking about a land route . 
  i was talking about access to the sea line . 
   yes , you backstabbed ukraine and other eastern european countries . 
  the pipeline is not yet build . 
  so far , nobody suffers from ns2 . 
   why ? 
  ukraine transited russian gas to europe without interruption even during the war with said russia . 
  because they got a new deal for gas in the last minute . 
  i can hardly see ukraine allowing transits to europe when they are cut off themselves . 
   let 's give putin more gas instruments to bully its neighbors !,
