  the scenarios are not comparable . 
  [ the speech ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/britain-s-foreign-policy-in-a-networked-world--2 ) hague gave five years ago states that your government very much intends to exercise influence . 
  of course he is not talking about directly influencing the lawmaking of other countries here , but you can not deny that the uk exercises influence on other countries and intends to do so . 
  it 's not a concept that is foreign to your country . 
  and rightfully so . 
  depends on the hookers . 
  you seriously can not tell me that the uk does not want to exercise influence over other countries . 
  i mean - it 's essentially what you have been doing for centuries and any sane country will seek to use its weight to its own benefit . 
  as i said , this is not a generalization as there are people who have well-founded concerns . 
  i was talking about the ` invasion people replacing our population hurr durr ' people . 
  there are also people traveling alone that look just like some foreigners that are already here . 
  well , i was talking about the skilled labour . 
  you are mistaken . 
  we never had an edge because of cheap labor so we will not lose this now . 
  the people that work in our manufacturing industry do not earn minimum wage . 
  with registered i meant people that have an opened process at the bamf , i misused the terms it seems , sorry . 
  i never claimed that it is not foos for germany of they are growing . 
  of course we are heavily profiting front it . 
  however a decrease in growth in china will not kill our industry or put us in recession . 
  people dislike the truth if it does not fit their narrative . 
  i 'm used to it by now . 
  i guess less boat refugees were met by more people from the balkans in that months . 
  it is people registered , the actual number is likely higher as our authorities are operating at the limit of their capacity . 
  also , the number increased significantly in the second half of the year . 
  but yeah , you are right . 
  people are spreading a lot of wrong numbers . 
  alright , thank you . 
  i was already a bit surprised to see that my sister had snow two days ago ( eastern germany ) , but this is somewhat worrisome , especially considering that we have refugees in tents currently . 
  [ source , unfortunately in german ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) scroll down a bit until you see two pie charts , the upper one is september 2015 , the one on the bottom is the whole year . 
  in terms of weather or refugee influx ? 
  which is why you wont . 
  and i wont either . 
  it is also quite the opportunity to see that the people that are the most outspoken against refugees and that are fearmongering here every other day likely have n't ever met a refugee . 
  ( with that i do not want to say that this is true for everyone who is critical of immigration , there are certainly some people here on this sub who give good reasons why they are critical without shifting into stereotypes and irrational fears ) . 
  our financial resources are limited , thats correct . 
  but the infrastructure is a problem either way , migrants or not while the social security is more a problem of the aging society . 
  our problem with the social systems is ( or rather will be ) paying pensions , not unemployment benefits . 
  we already have a lot of problematic kids in schools in berlin , those who come from the lesser educated share of our turkish population . 
  we need to fix that , but its rather difficult . 
  security will not decline because people dont have jobs . 
  unemployed germans dont commit significantly more crimes either . 
  why should unemployed foreigners be different ? 
   `` arabs dont respect the german police at all '' source ? 
  -- -- -- the miminum wage wont be lowered , trust me . 
  i dont know about the 80 % claim , we will have to see how it developees . 
  the ` fortunate ' part is that a large share of refugees is still below 30 , in an age where they actually can be educated for a new job . 
  it will require a lot of effort and even more money , but we need to face that challenge if we want this to work . 
  you are right if you say that the poorest people are hit harder than the rich people . 
  there wont be austerity reforms in 2017 . 
  why should there be a change to the hartziv ? 
  it is simply not ( constitutionally ) possible to lower the unemployment or social benefits . 
  and by the way , we currently run our budget without debt , we still have possibilities to go into debt if the need arises . 
  its not as grim as you are trying to paint it . 
  all sources , including the police say that violence is surely an issue for some groups , however that most of the refugees do live peacefully . 
  the groups involved in mass violence are usually not the syrians but the pakistanis and people from the balkans , which do not have any prospects to stay here . 
  of course we will find struggles in some areas , however i do not see our living standard declining . 
  why should poor people get poorer ? 
  we have a minimum wage in place , the refugees cant go lower . 
  why should the schools become worse ? 
  why should the security ` decline rapidly ' ? 
  well , then i am sorry for you . 
  but what reason do you have to doubt me and official government numbers ? 
  come on , our government is pretty much aware of the issue with fake passports and i could link you some sources on the checks and the numbers if i didnt happen to be on mobily currrently . 
  as i travel by train from the south to the north of germany quite regulary , there is some interaction with refugees at least once per travel . 
  usually its people that want to go to hamburg and ask you ( in english , sometimes broken , sometimes better , i even had german once ) for directions , for help to find their platform and train or simply when to get off the train . 
  so far , all of them have been really polite . 
  people in general ( now talking about the germans ) were really helpful when someone asked them and some even exchanged more than just a few words with the refugees in cases where sufficient language knowledge was present . 
  i also happen to live around 400m from an asylum home . 
  so far , nothing has changed , the community is relatively netural on the issue , some students of my university are helping the refugees and providing them with language education . 
  if you did not know that there are refugees in that city , you would not know . 
  you pretty much only see them if you pass direcly by their residence . 
  uh , and we had an incident once where one refugee hit another one with an axe , but that was only a single case , there are no other reports of violence or similar things . 
  40 % are actually syrians . 
  you can check whether someone is syrian by language and knowledge tests , you know ? 
  nearly all balkan war refugees have/were returned . 
  our welfare system is less stretched than it was before the financial crisis , even with all the current influx . 
  do a train trip on the sourth-nord route . 
  you will see them on the trains . 
  afterwards , they will have to stay in their aslyum homes for quite some months , so its only natural that you do not really see these people ( also , you can not always determine whether it is a refugee or not , it is not like we did not have immigrants before ) . 
  there is actually no element of choice here , really . 
  when merkel made her statement ( which , again , was not an invitation ) , she merely acknowledged and accepted the status quo that way . 
  dublin says that you have to send the people back to the state where they first entered the eu . 
  the problem here is that our courts have ruled it unconstitutional to send people back to greece or hungary as the conditions in these countries are inhumane for refugees . 
  this is not exclusive to germany , courts of other countries and eu courts have said the same . 
  currently , 40 % are syrians . 
  this is not a number i pulled out of my ass but official numbers from the government . 
  you are mistaken . 
  the last report of the bamf showed that the balkan share has gone down significantly ( about 20 % now ) while around 40 % were syrians ( in september ) . 
  contrary to what people think , the winter in the last years has not lead to a decrease of asylum applications . 
   one thing is sure though , the standard of living will decline in germany , especially for people who are already poor , but also things like schools , security etc will rapidly decline . 
  lets face it a recession is something germany cant afford right now , because after this already peace will be at stake , but the next recession will come for sure . . what are you smoking ? 
  that 's another question . 
  however , the balkan wars experience is the answer to parents question as it is the only recent precedent for a similar scenario . 
  it is not . 
  by definition it is not , and neither by impact . 
  if we sell the same amount as in last year , we are somewhat fine , we are simply not growing . 
  you certainly have no clue what you are talking about . 
  something that should have been done years ago . 
  but giving money to greece back then was too unpopular because of known reasons . 
  well , we also used to have a lot more industry , but we were able to keep a larger portion of it compared to the other european countries .
