  can i have more details ? 
  i apologize for staying very short , but i 'm on mobile . 
  the confrontational setup of the parliament combined with the customs of the parliament makes parliamentary sessions much more a fight of words than in any other european parliament i am aware of . 
  fptp in a very contested way puts more emphasis on the rhetoric talent of every mp , especially considering the strict british rules on campaign finance . 
  would be just as justified , if not even more . 
  i get where you are coming from and this standpoint is surely legitimate , depending on your point of view . 
  i fundamentally disagree with using greece as an example however . 
  they had the liberty to take the most drastic of steps - exiting the euro . 
  if you do not play by the rules but want to remain member of the club , there have to be measures taken . 
  greece has proven over and over again that it is n't capable of self-initiated reform . 
  does the ez infringe with greek democracy at the moment ? 
  yes it does . 
  but the greek have the power to ` take back control ' - its just that it will hurt them immensely to take this step . 
  tell me : what other option do we ( as the euro zone ) have ? 
  greece going bankrupt inside the euro would put our own economic wellbeing at stake . 
  debt relief without conditions would be harmful for the euro and also not justified . 
  oh it very well is possible - if all other states agree on something , the uk should vote accordingly . 
  if one country blocks something , the vote of the uk wo n't matter anyways . 
  if it comes to comments - it is possible for the uk to decline to comment . 
  trying to play neutral in this scenario would be the decent thing to do , i however do know that it is unrealistic, 
  you could also remain quiet about topics like this given the situation you are currently in . 
  i understand the reasoning of the uk , but at least as long as you have n't exited , you should probably stay neutral about things that will be nothing of your concern any more very soon . 
  true , there was no unified brexit campaign . 
  but take boris for example - i really admire this man for his wit and political talent , but he has been on the track of declaring fundamental characteristics of the eu as terrible at times . 
  no qualification , just declaring that it is fundamentally flawed . 
  i would argue that this clashes with the current behaviour . 
  unless , of course , you would argue that he is putting britains interest before his own opinion . 
  i am aware of your stance , but you have to acknowledge that this stance is n't the stance of the brexit campaign as a whole - there were quite a few people arguing that the eu is terrible in every way , hoping that other countries would follow the uk in leaving it . 
  which makes these actions a bit dishonest in my opinion . 
  not exactly honest do n't you think ? 
  at least when your message is `` the eu is corrupt and a waste of money '' and not `` it 's just not a good fit for our country in particular '' . 
  inaccurate . 
  you should have a look at the debates in the early days of our democracy . 
  did i claim to talk about `` all '' continental politicians ? 
  obviously , i am not able to follow the debates in every parliament , but transcripts , even if they are translated give a somewhat decent understanding . 
  it is mainly caused by the fact that the uk parliament is relatively unique in the way that it is working and how it is supposed to work . 
  in this regard , no other european parliament is similar . 
  the electoral system in the uk ensures that the elected mps are more likely to have a greater rhetoric talent . 
  i am not fully serious here . 
  it just is kind of funny that the uk is suddenly so vocal about supporting countries to join the eu . 
  i am fully aware of this . 
  it just seems that the uk has become very active in publically supporting aspiring members after the referendum . 
  apparently the u.k. is leaving the house , yet keeps inviting people to live there . 
  gysi is still here and he is running in 2017 . 
  considering human rights , look [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5c9udq/uk_appreciation_thread/d9v78vi/ ) . 
  i unfortunately do not have much time to elaborate my opinion on this now , but you should look at the history of the echr itself . 
  churchill for example proclaimed : * in the centre of our movement stands the idea of a charter of human rights , guarded by freedom and sustained by law . 
  * the creation of the echr was heavily influenced by the british , both in drafting the agreement itself ( e.g. 
  david maxwell-fyfe ) aswell as in establishing the idea of such a convention in the first place , in part even leading by example . 
  if you want to look past the echr , you should for example have a look at what happened to the black soldiers who were stationed in the uk during world war two - the british population and military generally refused to comply with demands of white american soldiers to apply segregation in the country . 
  there was a significant number of african american soldiers who said that `` they experienced being equal beings '' for the first time in the uk . 
  i would argue that this qualifies as `` human rights '' . 
   labor or the conservatives exclusively or snp . 
  true . 
  but we 'll see - maybe she will grow into this , 
  and it works well - every country has to find a system that fits them . 
  a system of this kind would never work with german mentality , but it seems to fit them well . 
  holy shit good news . 
  what a much-needed breath of fresh air . 
   hmm , perhaps it is because you narrow the talk to refugees while i use the boarder term immigrant . 
  the asylum group ( who gets it and not ) is too unclear at the moment therefore it makes more sense to look at the immigration group and pick out different subgroups , foreinstance from within europe and from the islamic world . 
  this is a completely different topic - in case you forgot , we started this discussion talking about refugees . 
  the data you quoted talked about migrants but meant refugees ( judging by the numbers and surrounding `` information '' ) . 
  talking about subgroups can be useful , but we simply talked about something else here . 
   if germany did n't spending 50 billions euros until 2020 on immigrants , it could then naturally be used elsewhere . 
  in other words german taxpayers are paying for it . 
  and i have not contested that . 
  i simply contested that it would have been used on those that are the most vulnerable - the unemployed and badly payed people . 
  holy shit that spike in russia . 
  i have a tremendous amount of respect for the british democracy and its political institutions . 
  it has proven to withstand the most severe of crises and has been able to constantly reinvent itself without losing its essence . 
  despite the atrocities committed in past times , the uk has been a very important and influential advocate for the good in europe - for human rights , democracy and the free market . 
  british parliamentary sessions are undeniably the most entertaining in the whole of europe - the rhetoric talent of british parliamentarians tends to be significantly greater than the one of most of their continental counterparts . 
  it is an art that is slowly dying in germany . 
  oh , and thanks for [ these blokes ] ( http://cdn.unilad.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/top-gear-trio-web1.jpg ) . 
  / r/europemeta, 
   i for one would like to see a stronger german military , i think we are far , far past the mistakes of the past . 
  hmm ... the thing is that we do not want a military that is that strong . 
  we simply do not think that it is required . 
  i would argue that we need to step up significantly in some areas though . 
   how far short is germany from it 's 2 % nato contribution ? 
  around 25 billion euros or 0.8 % of gdp . 
  piece of cake . 
  so do i. 
  we still have to be willing to use force , unfortunately . 
  and to be able to do that , we need to maintain a capable military - especially germany has had its problems with that in the last few years . 
   even with germany 's history the lack of military support for its direct neighbours is ... surprising , the british reply too . 
  well , even if we put history aside - the germans do favor diplomacy over military action any given day . 
  we do not only think that it is questionable because of our history but we genuinely doubt that military action can be a solution for anything . 
  and recent military engagements ( iraq , libya , etc. ), 
  have only strengthened that way of thinking . 
  i read and understood what you wrote . 
  even stripping them of the dual citizenship would be problematic . 
  it also ignores that they could simply renounce their turkish citizenship to prevent this from happening . 
  this would be troublesome under german law . 
  stripping people of their citizenship even in case of crimes is hugely problematic . 
  it is possible that such a law would be successfully challenged in front of our constitutional court . 
   to me it seems , you are cherrypicking and relativising the deteriorating rule of law in germany . 
  the social tensions are rising , public order and crime . 
  the same pattern is happening in denmark and sweden .
