   the problem of l\u00fccke and his wing was that they were all about economics while the big issues that drive people all over europe to vote for right wing parties are almost entirely social in natire . 
  well , i think that this is a bit too easy as well . 
  lucke did not ignore these topics , but he was opposed to making such a shitshow out of these topics . 
   even with the refugee crisis there would have never been popular support for things like leaving the euro . 
  the share of people wanting to exit the euro actually exceeds the vote count for the afd . 
   i would assume they have a voter potential of 10-20 % . 
  depends on what the union does . 
   in the far right of german politics there are n't that many votes available . 
  however , i think there are quite a lot of votes in the populist right it is widely used as a protest vote . 
  statistics show that protest voters shifted from the * linke * , who recieved pretty much all protest votes to this date , to the afd . 
  so their actual votes go beyond the votes of the populist right . 
   because germans are use to this kind of system . 
  there is nothing about some kind of ` system ' here . 
   they 're not familiar with opposition , concensus or compromise . 
   is it true though ? 
  well , its hard to judge if you are german yourself . 
  it says a lot if one of the most successful comedians here is [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mario_barth ) . 
  it 's a shame , really . 
  compared to many nations , especially if you compare it to the british , it is extremely shitty . 
  there are a few guys with talent like jan b\u00f6hmermann who made the [ varoufakis video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m ) - he is going more into satire than just comedy however . 
  a lot of the humour-ish stuff on television here is just a cheap ripoff of american or british shows . 
  so i generally share the assessment that the germans have little or weird humour . 
   toilet humour already a big increase from `` no humour '' , 
  yes , i stumbled upon this gem when i was searching for the comic , 
   you assume that there will be federal elections where the spd has to surpass the cdu . 
  correct . 
   that 's not necessarily the case . 
  and i would say it would be stupid to have elections and this time more than 100 days of coalition talks . 
  given how much of the term remains , accurate . 
   spd , greens and left have a majority in the parliament . 
  they could call for a constructive vote of no confidence where they disapprove merkel and approve gabriel as new chancellor . 
  i am not sure gabriel would recieve the backing he needs . 
  red-red-green would only have a marginal majority ( 320 out of 631 ) and i can see mps of the linke refusing to vote for him ( especially considering the development of arms exports under his rule ) . 
  maybe even parts of the spd would deny him their votes . 
   a csu/cdu candidate ca n't win the vote of confidence without the spd . 
  and if spd , green and left vote together the csu/cdu wo n't be able to prevent it . 
  true , but it is unlikely . 
  spd , greens and left would kick out a chancellor who got into trouble for pursuing policies that are politically close to them . 
  the spd has compeltely ruled out forming a coalition with the linke in this term . 
  there would also be dangerous consequences for our democracy : as of today , red-red-green does not have a majority in the elections . 
  the only option would be a grand coalition and the union would refuse to work with a chancellor gabriel who has dethroned merkel . 
  it would not pay off in the long term for the spd . 
   it might not be the most likely scenario , but it 's probably the only chance for a spd chancellor in the foreseeable future . 
  the problem is to convince wagenknecht and the left . 
  actually , i would completely rule it out . 
  not only is the current linke unwilling and uncapable of being in the government ( at least half of its mps do n't even * want * to enter a coalition - you dont have to compromise if you are in the opposition . 
  ) , the spd would lose face if they did this . 
  also , in my mind , it has become even more unlikely since gysi stepped down . 
  -- -- -- in my opinion , we will not see merkel stepping down . 
  the refugee streams are stopping ( no matter for what reason ) , merkels government is regaining approval . 
  this will also allow her to silence critics in her own party . 
  gabriel will run for chancellor in the next election and lose ( if he does n't run , he will not be able to run four years after ) . 
   and she wo n't be replaced by cameron or szyd\u0142o , she 'll be replaced by putin-fan sigmar gabriel . 
  in what world ? 
  even with merkel stepping down , gabriel would not have a real shot at becoming chancellor . 
  his approval ratings are too low , he is too unpopular , his party wont surpass the cdu even without merkel . 
   facebook where people voiced their criticism , but fact is , no one came out on the streets to protest or anything . 
  so essentially there were no `` masses '' . 
  people on facebook have a tendency to get upset very quick . 
   people just disliked this government for its incompetency . 
  they reelected it however . 
   the ` president ' could n't even spell . 
  his popular nickname was bul , because he misspelled the word `` b\u00f3l '' like this when he signed into some memorial book or something . 
  they were a total joke . 
  probably less of a joke than the current president . 
  it doesnt matter if he could not spell , he at least did n't openly violate the constitution . 
   i can tell you right now , that almost anyone can be bribed since a part was declared unconstitutional , i doubt that this was the case here . 
   and in a poor country like ours it 's even easier when you have the money cant comment on that as i do n't know what a constitutional court judge earns in poland . 
   now do n't tell me that just because they 're in constitutional court they 're incorruptible , incorruptible only happens when you fight for a higher cause and they probably do n't give a shit . 
  this is only an allegation of yours so far . 
  no proof . 
   basically they elected two new judges for themselves you mean the two judge appointments that were meant for after the election ? 
  the cc struck it down , where is the issue ? 
   probably added a couple of loopholes , which would be very hard to find there are enough lawyers in your country that would point out loopholes if there are any . 
   otherwise why would they do it ? 
  you know , sometimes governments/parliaments enact laws to improve the system . 
   po did nothing good while they were in power , they used their position for money laundering and to exploit the law , while people kept running from the country and businesses kept shutting down . 
  this is a very onesided view . 
  matches your original post in this thread . 
   when they were elected for the 2nd time masses were calling them out on returning a fake vote count . 
  source ? 
  yes , but they are not facing severe clashes between two different sets of mentality . 
  yes , the us is a very diverse country and the states are in completely different conditions and mindsets , but it does not come close to the european divide between north and south . 
   it is crazy that it takes the ecb years and years to do things that the fed and boe decided on over night . 
  not really . 
  the ecb has a different mandate than the aforementioned and it has to serve an economic area with conflicting interests . 
  well , it is often used as a term for authoritarian governments . 
  despite this failing to grasp the full meaning of the word , it certainly has a bit of a negative touch to it . 
   the same false accusations were thrown around the last time pis was in power , until the tragedy at smolensk happened , which placed po in power for 8 years , during which time nothing happened , their party barely even showed up to vote , unless it was something they proposed . 
  reddit and the media are full of false or at least partly inaccurate accusations . 
  usually it aims at the us , germany , the uk or recently greece . 
  that 's how life is . 
   i 'm not interested in hearing again about the constitutional court since it is the very center of the accusations against pis , it is not possible to ignore this issue however . 
  i however can guarantee you that it does n't even come close to what pis did recently . 
   forced through in the sejm ( after several failed attempts ) . 
  yes , laws are enacted thorugh the parliament . 
  nothing wrong or unlawful about that . 
   the court at the time said it was partially agreeable with the constitution and nothing was made of it . 
  if the court decides that it is fine , it is fine . 
  what makes you think that it is n't ?
