  similar ones though ? 
  i can not think of a dissolved currency union where the members were as diverse as they are in the ez . 
   not really - that 's the problem . 
  you are not importing enough . 
  you are the biggest so ofcourse in total volume you are also biggest , but not in relative terms . 
  how can that be different ? 
  when a country exports 100 bn in total , it does not matter if they are exporting 20 bn or 20 % to germany - relative and total volume is identical when it comes to the importance for another country . 
  it is possible that we are not importing enough ( even though i do not know what we should import ) , but we are certainly the biggest trading partner for most european nations . 
   government debt gets converted with the introduction of the new currency . 
  this would need approval from the lenders . 
  which they wo n't grant . 
  if greece does not honour their debts , they are in default . 
  converting to a new currency only works if the old currency is abolished alltogether . 
  which is unrealistic . 
  dissolving the currency would most likely not be complete from one day to another . 
  and that would become very interesting . 
  if the euro is split up into multiple currencies , you could have a dead currency that continues floating . 
   who says these have to be paid at all i think nobody expects a full payment . 
  i however can not see the lenders giving up on their money . 
  see how that went with argenina . 
   you should know dear deutschland . 
  well , ww1 debt was in a foreign currency . 
  it did n't go that well . 
  it is also an example of how it was n't converted into a new currency . 
   until recently there was no minimum wage in germany what matters is that we have one now . 
  germans under poverty line ` poverty line ' is a stupid metric . 
  it really does not say much . 
  well , it was very obvious that they fucked up . 
  they can not shift the blame , given their position . 
  sorry , but krugman does not convince anyone here . 
  remember that krugman also advocated for policies in greece that he later said would have been horrible . 
   i dont know much about john olivers credibility what he says in reports of this kind is usually accurate . 
  fair enough . 
  iirc this is different when it comes to spain though . 
   this one , if memory does n't fail me a handful of ferries took the direct route turkey -  italy the past years , getting rid of those could be a minor but welcome aid . 
  yes , just a few , but they are set to become more . 
  according to reports , there were human traffickers offering transfer to italy to some people ` stuck ' in greece . 
  eliminating any chances of this happening would be a good thing . 
   on the economic side . 
  on a variety of issues . 
  ns2 for example . 
  plus renzi demanding more power for italy in europe is naturally threatening germany . 
  i would not call this ` eliminating pull factors ' however . 
  yes , a stable government for libya would be desirable . 
  the recent developments point in the right direction . 
  they need a lot of help from our side to seal off their border however . 
  and it will take some time to implement this stuff . 
  we likely wo n't see a reduction of numbers in this year ( talking about boat arrivals in lampedusa ) . 
  on the positive side , they will come nowhere near the numbers that came via turkey last year . 
   extending the exchange deal with turkey for a 1:1 legitimate : illegal for boats from turkey would be nice too . 
  you mean people going turkey -  italy or even greece -  italy ? 
  i agree . 
  honestly , after the experiences of the last years with tsipras and renzi being very critical of merkel , it is kind of funny that these two countries have found their strongest ally concerning the refugee crisis in germany . 
  and how are you going to do that ? 
  i do n't think that however . 
  i do not think it was a mistake to devaluate internally , but i also do not think we should continue doing that . 
  we are in a very sound economic position and it is justified and due that our wages are increasing ( significantly ) faster than the european average . 
  i am strictly opposed to forceful correction moves that would do severe harm to the economy though . 
  i am completely fine with wage increases over 3 or 4 % annually . 
  exactly . 
  it is one of the few areas left where we have a large amount of jobs for uneducated people . 
  on the other hand , it creates a lot of benfits . 
  self-driving trucks are cheaper to operate and they are significantly faster since the computer does not need rest . 
  plus computers do not fall asleep on the road and cause crashes . 
  given that 25 % of the netherlands ' exports are related to petrol , i 'd call that a very bold move . 
  because such a ban has an impact that goes beyond the netherlands . 
  we have seen how it went with the subsidies for solar in germany - the price for solar panels and battery storage has decreased significantly world-wide . 
  the netherlands also does not have an auto industry that could replace these exports with newly built electric cars . 
  this is economic value lost forever for them . 
  this is not to say that it is n't necessarily a bad move - it certainly is good for the environment . 
  but it seems very bad from an economic perspective . 
   in the high - and mid-range class of cars , you already are . 
  example ? 
  sk\u00f4da beats every middle-class car we produce . 
  ford , renault and citr\u00f4en are cheaper . 
  when it comes to upper class , it is essentially volvo , jag and lexus ( and maybe tesla ) vs the germans ( bmw/audi/mercedes ) . 
  if you compare cars with similar size , motor and extras , only volvo is really similar to our prices . 
   german workers would have benefited more from policies that did n't involve suppressing domestic demand the way that they have . 
  ten years ago , our unemployment has been above 11 % . 
  today , it is around 6 % . 
  i would call that ` better off ' . 
  and the trend continues , more and more of the infamous mini jobs are turned into full jobs currently . 
  sorry , but i can not take you seriously when you tell me that `` the german workers would have been better off with regular wage increases '' if it meant continuing on the same levels of unemployment . 
  even when based on devaluation , it is still gained competitiveness . 
  which pays off for the economy as a whole . 
  exactly . 
  there are only three reasons to produce outside your own country : cheaper wages , avoiding tariffs , avoiding transportation costs . 
  since we are in the eu , only the first one applies really . 
   you 're selling cars in an undervalued currency . 
  undeniably . 
  we are however also producing in many different countries . 
  despite the undervalued currency , we will never beat other countries on price . 
   if germany still had its own currency , its car exports would be significantly more expensive due to currency appreciation and therefore less competitive internationally . 
  we have n't been in the business for cheap cars for decades . 
  despite the devalued currency , we are not winning on price . 
   also , excess german savings are used to fund auto loans abroad . 
  this should be none of your concern i would say . 
   your economy generates so much excess cash that your banks ca n't unload it onto the domestic market and so they lend it to customers in peripheral countries where that cash is used to buy german products , which would be fine , except that when markets crash like they did in 2008 , people default on those loans and because those banks are too big to go bust , your government has to come up with creative ways to put its tax base on the hook for those unpayable loans . 
  funfact : this was also possible without any of this excess cash . 
  france does not have a export surplus like we do , in fact , they do have a 100 bn deficit .
