  oh , the flag as such is not mine problem or anyones problem . 
  the problem is that it might look like ` nationalism is on the rise again ' in germany - something that we try to avoid at all costs . 
  we have gotten a lot of flak for our handling of the recent crises ( both greece and the refugee crisis ) , people actually claimed that we put our interest above the european interests . 
  we really do not need to accompany that with a strengthened nationalism ( or even signs of that ) . 
  and you should not worry for us . 
  we * are * proud of what germany has become , we * do * take pride in it . 
  we just project this on other things than our flag or the pure nationality . 
  german engineering would be such a thing . 
  this is something that actually fills us with pride . 
  which is why our pride is likely harmed more by the recent discoveries concerning vw than about merkel 's handling of our flag . 
   it 's just strange to use a random flag like the eu flag it actually makes perfect sense to use the eu flag as it is used by the ` good ' people in that video . 
  it makes sense as the eu is pretty progressive and since most of the people that are represented by the `` bad '' germans in the video are actually eurosceptics . 
  i know it is different in the uk , but until the rise of the afd , we did not have a single major eurosceptic party . 
   i see the german flag and think of germany , a normal nice wealthy , democratic country with good human rights like all other western countries i do n't think of the nazis , they 're two entirely different things in my head . 
  oh , i am not talking about that immediate connection . 
  it is just that ... terrible things have happened in the past when nationalism rose in germany . 
  remember that people in europe thought they had ` solved ' the german problem when we lost ww1 . 
  ( as tom lehrer accurately sung : `` once all the germans were war-like and mean , but that could n't happen again . 
  we taught them a lesson in 1918 and they 've hardly bothered since then '' ) . 
  of course , we can most likely completely rule this out . 
  but it is part of our identity and avoiding things that might look nationalistic does not actually have downsides . 
  so what . 
  have you seen the [ trailer for iron sky 2 ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmilvm3kigw ) . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i really enjoyed iron sky but i do n't think i will be able to enjoy part 2 . 
  which is n't without reason . 
  waving the eu flag is naturally free from any connection to nationalism - something that we try to avoid . 
  i would not call it ` disrespectful ' however . 
  merkel is very respectful towards the national symbols , she does n't have a problem with using the flag when she is speaking from her position as chancellor . 
  in fact , the audience of this celebration waved germany flags ( and they were handed out by merkel 's party i guess - where else could they come from ? ), 
  and nobody had an issue with it . 
  it is just that we have a bit of a troubled relationship with flags due to our history . 
  there 's a lot about wrong signals here . 
  merkel was probably not ` annoyed ' at the flag , she was most likely worried about the pictures that might be created by it . 
  we are honestly trying very hard to avoid any pictures that would remind of a rise of nationalism over here . 
  bj\u00f6rnd h\u00f6cke , an afd politician that could be described as `` far right '' even by afd standards [ put up a germany flag in a talk show ] ( http://img.shz.de/img/incoming/crop10995326/5326406054-cv16_9-w595/62729289.jpg ) . 
  he was ridiculed by most of the country for it . 
  -- -- -- yes , it might be different in other countries , but this is still germany we are talking about . 
  you can not undo the past . 
  and if we are happy being like this ( which most of us are ) - let us . 
  / r/europe is often called a cyclejerk - / r/de even more so . 
  but / r/the _ donald is just something else . 
  cheers !, 
  the sequel is actually so trashy its not even funny anymore . 
  it was a party victory event and people in the audience ( mainly people who helped campaigning ) were actually waving germany flags . 
  merkel just did n't want to have people on the stage waving flags . 
  this fits together with merkel 's style of leading this country - it is often described as ` presidential ' . 
  it is a pistol from fn herstal - a belgian company owned by the wallonian government . 
  the gun in question was produced by its us subsidiary though . 
  this is actually not true . 
  looking forwards for the comment on / r/the _ donald how we are all people who are hating our country because we dont have the same ` intense ' relationship with our flag like the us does . 
  edit : just noticed that there is a thread in that sub concerning this very gif already - 800 comments full of what i expected . 
  you are correct . 
  i tried some searches on google images , could n't find a picture of a chancellor waving flags . 
  the only thing i found was the [ flag on their coffin ] ( http://www.news.at/_storage/asset/6097661/storage/newsat:key-visual/file/88606993/schmidt%20begr%c3%a4bnis.jpg ) . 
  this is a party celebration and not a german celebration . 
  german flags are usually not waved in events of this kind . 
  if you are in a german city and you see a bunch of people with germany flags , there are pretty much only two options : either they are football ( soccer ) fans or they are some right-wing nutjobs . 
  germans waving flags has a bit of a negative touch to it ( history ) and it is also not a usual way for celebration . 
  why would i celebrate my country in a moment like this ? 
  and why in such a way ? 
  it is essentially meaningless . 
  here 's the fundamental difference between our two countries : you will never hear a mainstream politician in germany say `` we are the greatest nation on the surface of this earth '' , `` we are god 's chosen country '' or praising how `` our way of life is better just because it is german '' - things that your politicians do pretty regularly . 
  then you should probably stop spreading stuff like `` merkel is being discraced by her own flag '' or that she is `` ashamed '' . 
  when you do n't have a clue , it is probably best to keep quiet . 
  and yes , it would be different in the us . 
  this does not mean that it is the same here . 
  or that it should be the same here . 
  we also do not pledge allegiance to our flag . 
  our countries are fundamentally different in this regard and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  if you are outraged by something like this , i simply dont understand you . 
  there 's more to a country than just the flag . 
   this is her being ashamed by her own country 's flag it is n't . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  context : victory celebration of merkels party after the last federal election . 
  the guy handing her the flag was hermann gr\u00f6he . 
  at that point , he was secretary general of the cdu , he became minister of health after that election . 
  it is not about ` being disgraced ' . 
  it was the victory celebration of merkels party after the last federal election in 2013 . 
  i do n't give a fuck . 
  seriously . 
  the oecd better life index certainly does a better job than the metrics the author used . 
  unfortunately , it is not suited for getting his message along since the us ` only ' ranks slightly above most wealthy european nations and even slightly below the top 4 european nations . 
  i think if we can learn anything here , it is : pretty much all wealthy nations are well off when it comes to quality of life . 
  some of them focus on free enterprise and small government , others have a market ruleset that is more narrow and the governments is a lot bigger . 
  it is not possible to determine which model is ` better ' , it depends on personal preference . 
  i can imagine that a lot of americans would not feel comfortable in europe and vice versa due to the way the countries are governed , but this is no reason to tell other countries that their way of life is ` shit ' and that they should adopt the glorious system of the other country . 
  i am aware that we as europeans are often guilty of interfering in such a way too ( e.g. 
  gun control , health care , education etc. 
  ) , but it simply does not help anybody . 
  especially if you are considering that people are less likely to adopt things that others try to impose on them . 
  it is much better if a country looks beyond its own borders and says : `` this country is doing x better than we , would that be a good option for us as well ? '', 
   it is important to note the stats were comprised by the american enterprise institute which advocates for smaller government and reduced government expenditure . 
  i am aware of this . 
  i went a bit beyond the linked article and took a look at the author 's blog . 
  even without knowing what the aei is , his message and ideological background are pretty clear . 
  reportedly , there were no german politicians involved , which is good . 
  it seems that a lot of our banks are involved however . 
  well , the double irish is running out . 
  apparently its 70 % uht and 30 % fresh milk in germany .
