  germanys wages are growing faster than in most other european countries and faster than they grew in decades . 
   so it has the potential to be bad or to be nothing , why risk it when there 's nothing to be won . 
  not it has the potential to be good for our companies , which is a decent thing . 
  unification of things can be a very good thing . 
  two examples : car makers have to do crash tests in both the us and in europe as we have slight differences in this regard . 
  both are safe . 
  settling on one of the two procedures would safe a lot of money while endangering nobody . 
  second one : manufacturers of agricultural machinery have to obey to different standards when it comes to the door mirrors . 
  again , both are fine , they are just different . 
  differences like this hinder trade and help nobody . 
  it is a good thing if both sides are on the same page when it comes to implementing new regulations . 
  yes , there is the potential for problems here , but the people who thought of this were pretty smart people . 
   19 years ago it was extended by 20 more years  what i mean by constantly is that historically copyright duration has roughly been raised again and again as the deadline approaches . 
  here 's an article on it . 
  so i would n't be surprised if similar legislation pops up in the next few years . 
  this site claims ttp was going to do it though to be honest the change they say will occur would be the same as what the current reality is ( at least in the us ) . 
  i know about the disney problematic . 
  your site is a bit agenda-pushy to be honest . 
  signing ttip while settlig for 70 years would not have meant that we would have to increase it if the us makes such a change . 
   that 's good to hear , but that still leaves room for abuse . 
  looking at the wikipedia page for isds in all the given examples companies seem comically evil . 
  this should n't be a surprise - companies have no democratic accountability and their goal is profit , not bettering society , but we should be aware of that and regulate companies not give them tools to regulate us . 
  the wikipedia page on the isds cases is a joke . 
  most cases are represented in a shortened way that do not represent the actual reasoning for the judgement . 
   look at the examples at wikipedia , in most of them governments were simply looking out for public health and that got them sued . 
  as i said , the summaries are misleading . 
  let 's look at a few cases if you are interested :  ethyl corporation v. canada  in april 1997 the canadian parliament banned the import and transport of mmt , a gasoline additive , over concerns that it poses a significant public health risk . 
  ethyl corporation , the additive 's manufacturer , sued the canadian government under nafta chapter 11 for $ 251 million , to cover losses resulting from the `` expropriation '' of both its mmt production plant and its `` good reputation '' . 
  [ 29 ] a similar challenge was launched by three canadian provinces , under the agreement on internal trade , and was upheld by a canadian dispute settlement panel . 
  [ 30 ] consequently , the canadian government repealed the ban and paid ethyl corporation $ 15 million as compensation . 
  [ 31 ] what is n't mentioned is that the law did not ban mmt in general . 
  they only banned the import and transport across country boders . 
  as a result , it was still perfectly fine to produce and sell mmt * inside * canada . 
  there was evidence that the reasoning for the ban were n't health and environmental concerns but protectionism . 
   occidental v. ecuador  in october 2012 , an icsid tribunal awarded a judgment of $ 1.8 billion for occidental petroleum against the government of ecuador . 
  [ 28 ] additionally , ecuador had to pay $ 589 million in backdated compound interest and half of the costs of the tribunal , making its total penalty around $ 2.4 billion . 
  [ 28 ] the south american country annulled a contract with the oil firm on the grounds that it violated a clause that the company would not sell its rights to another firm without permission . 
  the tribunal agreed the violation took place but judged that the annulment was not fair and equitable treatment to the company . 
  [ 28 ] the problem was that they expropriated occidental but did not offer them any compensation . 
  which is something that can be expected from any country . 
  -- -- -- the problem with isds cases in general is that they * appear * to be about environmental concerns while the actual problems are somewhere else . 
  usually , its discrimination of a foreign investor compared to domestic companies . 
   all in all ceta , ttip just seem to offer potential negatives . 
  we can argue whether these negatives are real or not but not being bad is not enough to make a deal attractive . 
  it has to actually be beneficial . 
  if that was the mo , we would not try to open ourselves to trade in any way . 
  history however has shown that free trade is benefitial , hell , today 's western world is based on this . 
  and no , i can argue against many of the propagated negatives simply because they are n't real negatives . 
  the campaigns against ttip and ceta have been pretty dishonest concerning many topics . 
  ceta has proven most of their claims wrong . 
   so we can refuse to import us goods that are not up to our standards and expect no pressure from the us to change those standards ? 
  we recieve pressure from us companies to change our standards already . 
  ttip or not . 
  what 's new in this regard is the so-called `` regulatory cooperation '' . 
  it still remains rather unclear what effect that will have . 
   copyright duration is something that gets extended constantly . 
  what will we do when the difference between the us and eu becomes too great ? 
  copyright was n't really touched in the last twenty years . 
  neither in the us nor in the eu . 
   us companies will get more power here because they will be able to sue us in the courts that come with ttip . 
  a few things to consider : * this is n't a one-way street . 
  our companies can use isds as well . 
  * it does n't really lift us companies to an unhealthy level here . 
  it rather puts them on a comparable level to our own companies . 
  * both ceta and ttip include wide-ranging legislating exceptions where counties have an unobstructed `` right to regulate '' where isds cases can not be started . 
  * isds does n't work unless a state is breaching commitments or legislating/acting in a discriminatory way . 
   listen , to me it 's not about just these 3 examples , over the years i 've heard of many areas in which i think eu businesses operate on a more humane basis , because of the framework they 're in of course . 
  i do n't remember them all and even if i did it would make for a huge post that i do n't have the desire to make . 
  i do not disagree with you on that . 
  however i see no threat to this framework . 
  it depends on making a good agreement . 
   even if you had arguments that everything i said is wrong , you 'd still have to explain to me why us standards are better and as such should be the global ones . 
  i think you are talking about standards on a different level than the standards that i mean and which are/were part of the negotiations in ttip . 
  ttip does n't aim to change the way we in europe are doing business and it does n't aim to allow potentially dangerous products from the us into europe . 
  according to the eu , the precautionary principle was never up for negotiation . 
  let me quote ceta on this : * for the purpose of this chapter , the parties reaffirm their right to regulate within their territories to achieve legitimate policy objectives , such as the protection of public health , safety , the environment or public morals , social or consumer protection or the promotion and protection of cultural diversity . 
  * ( article 8.9 ), 
  the precautionary principle was never up for debate 2 . 
  copyright is by far not as problematic between the eu and the us compared to the us and the other tpp signees . 
  both the us and the eu offer 70 years of copyright protection , the difference is that the us increased the copyright to 95 years for cooperations through the copyright term extension act . 
  that 's really not a lot of difference and i do not see how coming to an agreement here would be that complicated . 
  company power over politics is mainly an us issue due to citizens united and party funding laws , this was n't even supposed to be part of ttip . 
   which standards are that ? 
  go here : [ german ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_de.htm ) | [ english ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_en.htm )  i know that the standards especially when it comes to food are quite different . 
  the classical example is desinfication of chicken with chlorine . 
  this is pretty much the worst example you could pick . 
  let me start by saying that chlorinated chickens pose literally zero threat to health . 
  secondly , this was ruled out by the eu pretty early on . 
  the stop-ttip campaigners themselves have admitted that the claim has always been wrong and misleading , they just wanted the chicken to serve as some kind of figurehead for the protests against ceta and ttip ( they still had a giant inflatable chicken around from an earlier protest against gmo and simply re-used that ) . 
   why should they be secret in the first place ? 
  because secret negotiations tend to yield better results than public one . 
   it should be the right of the population to know what their representatives are discussing ( matters of security are obviously different ) especially when it will affect their everyday lives . 
  it should n't . 
  let me draw a line towards domestic lawmaking : laws are n't made in public or in the parliament . 
  laws are made in the committees which are n't public and quite often , laws were the result of a few politicians sitting together with a bottle ( or many bottles ) of wine . 
  there 's nothing public about this . 
  where it becomes public is when it 's introduced into the parliament . 
  it 's not different in regard to trade agreements . 
  look at ceta - it was published for over two years when it was * signed * , we did not even vote on the final agreement yet . 
   also the objectives of the eu are not the same to what will be in ttip .
