  japan ? 
  eu deal that will no longer apply for you . 
  south korea ? 
  eu deal . 
  usa ( not that anyone in europe would buy their cars ) ? 
  no deal at all yet . 
  even if ceta enters into force in the next two years , it wo n't apply to you . 
  -- -- -- effectively , all it will end up is making cars in the uk more expensive . 
  i do not buy this `` falling behind asia '' when there are n't any trade deals in this regard either . 
  the only industry that could benefit from this are the car manufacturers with facilities in the uk . 
  and even that will be problematic given that assembly is only the last step in a world-spanning chain of suppliers . 
  nevertheless , it * will * be a lose-lose szenario . 
  your people lose money , our sales might drop . 
  nobody has any gain since nobody has the means ( and trade agreement ) to fill the gaps this might create . 
  un is something entirely different though . 
  unsc votes would possibly be negated however as the uk regularly votes together with the us . 
  well , first of all asylum seekers are no prisoners . 
  secondly , even prisoners recieve compensation . 
   there is no valid basis by which something like that would be worthy of a downvote . 
  that 's how it is supposed to work , not how it actually works . 
  quality posts and articles would have 100 % upvotes in an optimal scenario , no matter what opinion they represent . 
   saying there has always been a dominant opinion does not justify downvoting competing opinions . 
  even if it 's always been this way . 
  i never said that it justifies anything . 
  this was essentially just an assessment of the reality on reddit . 
   nor is it okay to tacitly accept that behaviour . 
  well , there is n't anything that we can do about it . 
  it has always been that way ( there is a dominant opinion on most topics ) and you just answered your own question . 
  people are stupid . 
  i think that 's enough reason . 
  there are people downvoting everything , there are people downvoting stuff out of spite , whatever . 
  you rarely get an accurate picture in the first ten minutes . 
  that is actually a pretty accurate description . 
  well , yes and no . 
  it is a different state , but they will have no real choice but adopt all of them for now . 
  i have already explained it multiple times . 
  look at the comments below . 
  somewhat the same here . 
  fortunately , we can show support for anyone we like . 
  yes , but we already have skilled labour from poland for that . 
  and i never said something else . 
  however , turkey is close enough to care . 
  given that the whole thing was in part about `` getting rid of undemocratic regulations from brussels '' it is kind of funny nevertheless . 
  well , it took us five years to neotiate ceta . 
  there is no immediate pressure to strike a deal with canada - since there is no deal currently in place , there will be no `` downgrade '' for the uk once they leave the eu . 
  i share your excitement on this . 
  very much possible , but two years is * very * ambitious even in a ` simple ' bilateral fta . 
  being under pressure could offset the advantages you can negotiate in other areas . 
  but hey , let 's not be too pessimistic and see how it goes . 
  the world is n't going to stop spinning once the two years are over . 
  i fully agree , i simply do not get how the guardian can spin this as a strict law . 
  maybe they judged it by gchq standards . 
  kind of funny how differently this law can be interpreted . 
  in germany , it is seen as legitimation of all the illegal actions of said agencies in the past . 
  it is seen as a very lax law . 
  `` we send the eu # 350 million a week . 
  let 's fund the eu instead . 
  vote leave ! '', 
   forced is forced . 
  if the alternative is staying hungry and living under a bridge , i would call this `` forcing '' . 
   this is offering people a job . 
  without pay and with terrible conditions . 
  hardly a `` job '' . 
  dude you are completely nuts . 
  what you are suggesting is pretty much the textbook definition of forced labor or slavery . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  if you did not get it : i was following through with parent 's classification of symbolic acts as `` useless '' . 
  i explicitly stated that i like acts of this kind even though they are no help in solving the actual problems we are facing . 
  that `` little union '' is bigger than your union by the way and it is a little more complicated than `` germany refuses them entry '' . 
   why pay them when you can get syrians to do it for free ? 
  we abolished forced labor/slavery 71 years ago . 
  yay , you got fireworks at your birthday !, 
  funfact : the uk essentially has no own food regulation anymore . 
  it 's all eu law . 
  since it is unlikely that they will rework all regulation within two years , they likely will have to incooperate eu law into their own law . 
   the 4th of july reminds americans that we fought to be free from imperialism . 
  not useless and empty as you so easily suggest . 
  it is a celebration of why we exist . 
  so it is symbolic . 
  you do not have any benefit from celebrating it with fireworks and all that stuff . 
  you could remind yourself of why you exist at any given day . 
  the same goes for celebrations all over the world . 
  take germany for example : day of unity . 
  it is purely symbolic . 
  it is not like the wall would be reerected if we forgot about that day . 
  it is not like you would lose your independence if you did not celebrate the 4th of july . 
  i do not say that it is not important . 
  i like celebrations like this . 
  but you can not deny the fact that they are purely symbolic and thus , as parent poster said , `` useless '' . 
  as i already said : it is a weak position compared to the eus position when it negotiated the deals the uk will now have to replace . 
  it is also the problem of time : the uk will have to renegotiate a very significant amount of trade deals in a very short period of time ( given that they actually enact art . 
  50 as soon as the next prime minister is in office ) while having a very limited amount of negotiators ( reportedly , the uk has 40 negotiators left - the eu has 550 ) . 
  generally speaking , two years is not enough for trade talks between larger countries . 
  long time no see , my friend !, 
  the u.k. is in a weaker position than the eu was when it negotiated the current deals . 
  meaning that a new deal could very well be a downgrade . 
  i have no doubts that countries are eager to trade with you . 
  trade is mutually beneficial . 
  i am just not certain about the conditions . 
  talking about the eu - time will tell i guess .
