  they changed the link for some reason . 
  fixed now . 
  they are a bit lower than everyone thought i guess . 
  in august 2015 , the estimate was 600,000 people . 
  and that was before the `` infamous '' september 2015 . 
  are you talking about the 2016 numbers ? 
  if so , i assume that most of these 210,000 came here in the first three months , before the balkan route was closed and before the turkey deal was struck . 
  * 820,000 out of these 890,000 have been registered at this point in time * 50,000 have been registered but left the country again ( either towards their home country or towards a third country ) * 20,000 unaccompanied minors that came to germany have not applied for asylum yet * in 2016 , we saw 210,000 new arrivals in germany, 
  the problem with this is that this is exactly the behaviour that will ensure troubles . 
  as seen in greece . 
  many people were `` not amused '' - but it still did not cause them to vote for another party . 
  it was only fukushima that changed this . 
  and since , as i said , fukushima did not change anything about the reality of nuclear power , this was a bit of a `` brain meltdown '' if you want to call it that way . 
  people suddenly got scared without any good reason . 
  since we neither have imperative mandates nor public votes on policy issues , this is n't entirely true . 
  for decades before fukushima , people cared about nuclear , but they always cared more about other policy areas . 
  this changed with fukushima . 
  and since fukishima did not change anything about the security of german nuclear power plants or anything about nuclear power at all , i think it is fair to say that it is some kind of a brain meltdown . 
  this is what i meant by `` political necessity '' - the increasing poll numbers for the green party ( almost surpassing the union ) were what lead to the turn of events . 
  this does not equalize `` not playing a role '' in europe . 
  christianity is still having a much , much bigger influence in europe , no matter how fanatical ( or not ) its members are . 
  many european countries have below 1 % muslims and even in the countries with higher numbers of people of muslim faith , their number is far too low to even argue that islam is playing a bigger role than christianity in that country . 
  apparently , they are currently preparing to open 125 stores in canada . 
  not much , but a good start . 
  these are not things the `` fdp accomplished '' though . 
  even though they advocated for ending conscription for years , it was guttenbergs proposal that led to the abolishment . 
  exiting nuclear was mainly merkels business , out of political necessity . 
  honestly , the fdp accomplished pretty much nothing during their last time in government . 
  the commonly quoted hotel tax decrease was actually not exclusively an fdp project - the csu has been the main advocate for it , but they were happy to shift the blame on the fdp after it caused a backlash in the population . 
   although sales of vw-brand cars [ fell ] ( http://www.volkswagenag.com/content/vwcorp/info_center/en/publications/2016/07/h1_2016.bin.html/binarystorageitem/file/hy_2016_e.pdf ) in the first half of the year an article actually linking its source . 
  i am actually so fucking happy right now . 
  why ca n't this be the norm in journalism ? 
   even though it would have made so much sense for his party , the fdp , which is pro less government control and pro more civic liberties . 
  the fdp has actually tried to change the status of homosexual couples during their time in government ( 2009-2013 ) : they wanted the * ehegattensplitting * to apply to homosexual couples ( but sch\u00e4uble told them no as he did n't want to lose money ) , they wanted to equalize gay marriage and allow gay couples to adopt children ( but were rejected by the cdu and , very vocally , by the csu ) . 
  they even had an opportunity to change it - the opposition parties tried to pass legislation that would have opened marriage for homosexuals and it would have passed with the votes of the fdp . 
  but every time , they chose peace in their coalition over following through with their actual policy interests . 
  given that their time in government was pretty much a failure in terms of liberal policymaking , this would probably have been the better choice for them . 
  the right wingers have n't been that active in two decades . 
  amongst other things . 
  another very common reason is that people are n't directly affected by prosecution but their country is in a state of war . 
  additionally you have those who avoid being deported by showing major resistance ( the captain of an airplane can decline to take troublemakers on board ) , by `` disappearing '' before the deportation was set to happen or by being sick ( some doctors unfortunately are very liberal with declaring people of this kind `` sick '' which means that they can not be deported ) . 
  some people also hide their children . 
  til i am a german with foreign roots . 
  but only those that came here decades after the war . 
  i sincerely doubt that people from the former eastern territories who came here in the late 40s count as ` people with foreign roots ' . 
   why only men ? 
  the higher the obstacles , the higher the chance that women will not attempt the journey . 
  it 's also a pretty shitty sample size to be honest . 
  q2 2016 is n't `` first half of 2016 '' sidenote : q2 2015 was * after * the balkan route was closed , the high number for germany is caused by the fact that we were n't able to process all applications in 2015 , many only got an appointment with their immigration officer in 2016 . 
  the actual arrvial numbers were much lower . 
  well , most people here buy some kind of membership card . 
  up to the age of 25 , it is 69 $ annually and you safe 50 % off every ticket purchase . 
  ( there are also cheaper versions with 25 % discount ) . 
  which makes the prices actually pretty moderate . 
  going by car will usually be more expensive . 
   that 's huge . 
  normally newly founded parties do n't grow like that . 
  usually they grow slowly . 
  not really . 
  the afd is not exactly a `` new '' party - they were founded three and a half years ago . 
  you could argue that they did not have time for the groundwork of a successful state party . 
  but this ignores that they get elected based on federal issues , not on state matters . 
  and there , they have somewhat solid structures . 
  plus the afd is not the first party to accomplish this - the pirate party reached 8.9 % in the last berlin election in 2011 . 
  i am pretty certain that this is on multiple countries . 
  keep in mind : a turkey-like deal would require resettlements into europe . 
  which is something many european countries try to avoid as much as possible . 
  deficit rules are a different thing , but giving in on them would backfire heavily in germany . 
  which would be extremely troublesome given that there are elections coming up . 
   as long as your country gives more in benefits for immigrants then people in other countries can earn to survive by hard work ( often in german own businesses ) the problem will be present . 
  the benefits are at the bare legal minimum . 
   also - there are countries in eu that have very bad history with islam , being invaded , occupied and oppressed by centuries i am not aware of any of this in poland for example . 
  you are just randomly searching for counterarguments , no matter how realistic they are . 
   like the one where the rest does not want to accept everybody into the eu just because germny wants it ? 
  we never advocated for this policy . 
   or the one where they want to close the borders there was never a joint , coordinated proposal . 
  it was all unilateral action . 
   and cooperate african countries to take their people back ?!, 
  germany wants the same . 
  -- -- -- so , where is the feasible proposal now ? 
  there have n't been proposals on an european level . 
   if eu had any sense they would invade libyan coast and build a camp to house all the refugees across europe to be processed . 
  apart from the fact that this is completely illegal under any international law , there is no political will to do so . 
  nor would it be the right thing to do . 
  the last thing we need is colonialism 2.0 . 
  there has never been a serious proposal for europe from any country bar germany . 
  we proposed quotas , it failed , but at least we tried . 
  unlike some countries in ee who seem to prefer unilateral action over joint action . 
  holy shit . 
  this does not make * any * sense at all . 
   your country how the hell are we profiting from the war ? 
   your corporations are profiting most from this war the weapons used in this conflict are generally not german ( aside from the pershmerga but this was free of charge ) . 
   your country shelters and trains hundreds or even thousands of isis murderers and rapists . 
  yeah we established terrorist camps in germany so they can be more harmful . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   your chancellor invites all freeloaders from north africa and middle east . 
  there was no invitation at no point . 
   why ask others much poorer ones ( thanks to your country ravaging them in the past ) to cover expenses ? 
  because these expenses are not german expenses . 
  they are in the interest of every country .
