  greece buy from a german corporation . 
  then they take a loan in a german bank to pay the corporation . 
  then they have a debt to the german bank . 
  and debt interests . 
  that piles up because greece still do n't have any real income ( because strangely enough owning weapons you do n't resell do n't generate any money ) . 
  only a minority of greek debts prior to the haircut were held by german banks . 
  the more likely scenario is that they took a loan at a greek bank . 
   it 's like the wv cars , they fully knew it 's broken and by how much , hide it , and had/have absolutely no intent to do anything about it . 
  there are enough countries that are satisfied with these submarines ...  without foreign corruption ? 
  they would have ran half of their current numbers only . 
  pure speculation . 
  from both our sides . 
   legally , if in such cases a lender indebts the debtor , it is considered appropriation . 
  we however also have insolvency laws on the ` normal level ' . 
   most of the lending to greece before the crisis , as well as since then , was well beyond any reasonableness maybe . 
   one can very easily argue that what is being done onto greece atm is appropriation . 
  not really . 
  it is not like we confiscate greek property and keep it ourselves . 
   greece is now defacto a neo-colony arguable . 
  yes , the lawmaking of the greek govt . 
  is severely limited currently . 
  but they have a an alternative - defaulting . 
  it 's what they dont want . 
  if you make yourself dependend on others , you will face consequences as these others want their money back at some point . 
   `` justified deals '' do n't involved 20 millions $ wired to greek ministers accounts to `` encourage '' the sale . 
  justified deals involve delivering said weapons you just sold ; and in working shape . 
  justified deal do n't involve freezing it & keeping the money in the name of investigating the corruption of said greek ministers . 
  the article talks about technical glitches . 
  something that can happen . 
  and as i said , the deals were * not * justified . 
   that 's what greece still owed germany alone 2 months ago after everything but before bailout . 
  thats a completely different topic than i was talking about ? 
   corruption which the germany corporate sector ( amongst others . 
  yes , i think even french dirty corpos had a hand in it ... ) gleefully cultivated to sell them more contract , without giving a single fuck about the culture of massive corruption that maintained . 
  it 's like watching the ukraine/russia relationship 2 years ago on the eve of maidan . 
  be realistic . 
  greece would have racked up similar amounts of debt without any german company engaging in shady deals there . 
  source ? 
   it 's actually similar to the us i disagree . 
  contrary to the us , smaller parties actually get some representation . 
  i get your point though , however there is the possibility to vote on other parties still . 
   right , so germany just sold x billions of submarines they never intend to deliver working either way to greece , which has no income , no cash flow & no reserves to speak off . 
  how do they get paid off like they ask ? 
  ho well , they push another loan on greece : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/19/greece-military-spending-debt-crisis[1] i dont say that these deals were justified . 
  however claiming that they were never supposed to be delivered is ridiculous . 
   uh , no . 
  we 're talking about nearly a hundred billion $ of debts . 
  not if we are talking about germany alone , which i was . 
   that definitely was the straw that broke the camel back . 
  but that 's not the cause of the issue . 
  estimates say that the olympic games in 2004 costed up to 15 % of greeces gdp . 
  not exactly something that should be done with a fiscally strained budget , dont you think ? 
   well ; from greece 's point of view , of course it 's not germany that 's going to be on the front line if turkey start putting a dozen f35 in northern cyprus . 
  or at least it 's how i heard it . 
  its still a ridiculous idea . 
  it would be equal to poland trying to match russias power . 
  a task condemned to fail  yes , but half the blame is probably from neighboring major powers that bribed the country to death then blame it for it 's corruption . 
  greece did not only overspend on imports . 
  a lot of money was lost inside greece , to oligarchs , to politicians , to general corruption . 
  greece has one of the largest shadow economies in the world . 
  not even talking about the outstanding tax that amounts to pretty much the whole third bailout package . 
   well , apart those that bribed them in spending debts , then told them `` pay up now , or face defaut . 
  if defaut , you are evicted from the eu . '', 
  none of our companies did that ? 
  i am still missing this battery life to this day . 
  apple , i dont want a thinner iphone , i want more battery ffs . 
  lets look at some countries and see how many parties there are in the respective parliaments : * greece : 8 * germany : 4 * belgium :  10 * the netherlands :  11 * spain : 10, 
  you talk about bankers bribing or blackmailing them into taking loans . 
  then you come up with the companies . 
  these are completely different from each other . 
  yes , german companies bribed people in greece . 
  however this was only a tiny part of the greek spending . 
  we are talking about one billion of arms exports to greece every year . 
  this is nothing that would ruin your budget . 
  and by the way , it needs two parts for these deals . 
  the greek army always tried to match turkeys power , a ridiculous idea . 
  greece ran a deficit that was beyond good and evil for years . 
  they ran ridiculously overpriced olympic games because why not ? 
  again , even if bribery is involved : nobody forced them to take loans . 
  i would like to have a source on that . 
   that thing had brick like durability and excellent features did it have that insane durability on 3g though ? 
  i owned both the [ motorola e1000 ] ( http://www.chip.de/ii/158611538_542640f06a.jpg ) and the [ lg chocolate ] ( http://static.trustedreviews.com/94/29dc40/00a0/3257-2.jpg ) with 3g , especially the latter had horrible battery life on 3g . 
   the interests paid to germany since 2008 are much larger than the `` gifts '' from germany not even close . 
   so greeks got screwed real hard . 
  they brought themselves into this position . 
   they paid montains of interests instead of getting public services nobody , nobody forced them to take loans . 
   privatized their public assets at a discount price the privatizations that have actually been concluded are neglectable . 
  the 50 billion fund aims at selling the assets over decades to prevent discount prices . 
  ** edit ** : guys , instead of downvoting just reply and tell me where i am mistaken . 
  that sounds good on the first glance , however you will quickly get annoyed by it . 
  its just human nature . 
  we dislike wasting time when we know we could avoid that . 
  well . 
  not really . 
  have you owned one of the 3g phones back then ? 
  the battery life was * horrible * on 3g and they were pretty expensive ( some even more expensive than the iphone actually ), 
  i agree with you on all of your points . 
   every car maker is on board the electro-train . 
  the tesla caused them to take it serious and the apple car rumours caused them to put it on highest priority . 
  reports say that apple is even working with bmw .
