  there is a modified system for investor state disputes included - ics . 
  that 's a rather broad question . 
  ceta has similarities with tpp , it differs in other areas . 
  uhm . 
  this is n't even remotely true ? 
  exactly . 
  at the point this was posted , there were only this source and sputnik news . 
  additionally , we had primary sources like the twitter of the politicians in question . 
  the bbc article was published over six hours later . 
   a key feature of helicopter money is that it bypasses national governments , thereby immediately taking away criticisms that the ecb is interfering with politics by buying government bonds . 
  this would preserve the bond market 's role of providing incentives for governments to discipline themselves and get their fiscal house in order and to strengthen the economy . 
  actually it is n't . 
  it is an indirect way of financing governments . 
  through vat . 
  assuming that everybody spends its 1,000 $ - this means around 200 $ in vat for the government . 
  assuming that every person ( including infants ) received this money , this would equal 16 bn . 
  $ additional tax income for the german government or around 2.2 bn . 
  $ for greece . 
  implementing the system of helicopter money would create the demand for more helicopter money . 
  additionally , this is n't the objective of the ecb , the ecbs objective is controlling inflation . 
  and recent data suggests that we are on a good path in this regard . 
  i am strictly opposed to meps , mps or national governments trying to interfere with ecb policy - the central bank is independent for very good reasons . 
  uhm . 
  why ? 
  not yet . 
  you will have to wait until votewatch.eu publishes this data later today/tomorrow . 
  this is still the part that only contains measures that fall into the eu area of competence . 
  there will be more votes by the member states on the implementation of the full agreement . 
  and due to belgian law , this means that wallonia will have another vote on it . 
  this is literally one of the best threads on reddit . 
  [ switzerland is germany on steroids ] ( https://i.imgur.com/eheu90i.png ) ( credits to / u/selenocystein ) . 
  i do not think said user will stay with us for long . 
  actually it is . 
  look up the definition of invasion . 
  it was legitimate ukrainian soil , russia has no business there unless they are called by the governement in kiev . 
  how can you agree with `` there was no invasion '' when everyone , including the russian government , says that there were russian troops involved ? 
  ... i do n't even know what to answer here . 
  tourists taking pictures with hitler in austria is something that simply should not happen . 
  it is completely inappropriate and insulting to the people who suffered . 
   well of course as it has n't been ruled yet , yet it 's obvious as ( at least in ) israel international law is taken seriously . 
  the settlements have n't been started yesterday , this has been going on for a while . 
  i said that `` you do n't hear much about the judiciary overruling settlement decisions '' . 
  and until there is a major ruling in this regard , this is true . 
  the wikipedia page that you linked itself is sourced , look there . 
  here 's the difference : kant is a single company , they will make this work . 
  the leclerc is n't that different from the leopard 2 , the doctrine regarding mbts has significantly shifted globally . 
  in terms of size , it is pretty close to the plane the a400m is meant to replace in germany - the c160 transall . 
  the first link is a statement of your foreign ministry - this is meaningless as it is n't a judgement . 
  the second link is n't really about the settlements . 
  for the third case - it 's six people that were awarded something . 
  the source even says that this is `` unprecedented '' . 
  we have n't `` swallowed '' anything and we do n't plan to do so either . 
  you do n't really hear much about your judiciary overruling settlement decisions . 
  you only hear about your government announcing settlement after settlement . 
  if i was you , i would worry about the `` ambitions '' of your president , not about the ambitions of germany . 
  and in case this escaped you : cooperation and integration with our neighbors makes it * less * likely that we will do harm to neighbors . 
  some of the actions are illegal unter international law . 
  of course , it is n't illegal under domestic israeli law . 
   what israel does is n't germany 's problem . 
  actually it is . 
  peace between palestine and israel - in the whole region actually , is an important issue . 
  not just to germany , to the world . 
  it also hardly is an `` internal matter '' . 
  i do too . 
  few recent presidents have actively engaged in federal politics . 
  the fault is hardly on our side here . 
  if talk does n't persuade israel to stop with its actions that are both unlawful and damaging to the peace process in the middle east , we will have to take more drastic measures to get the message across . 
   the aa issued a warning today against eu members trying to cut a separate deal with trump . 
  the office of the chancellor has said this weeks ago . 
  both in public and internally . 
   both are also more open to mending relations with russia . 
  that is true , but changes very little about brexit . 
   merkel will be in the defensive until the election , which will give gabriel and steinmeier the opportunity to take the initiative to show that social democracy is alive and kicking . 
  fundamentally disagree . 
  steinmeier has already announced that he will not comment on daily politics but focus on the bigger picutre - essentially `` being presidential '' . 
  i would argue also that this `` proving social democracy '' part belongs to schulz . 
  he already announced that he will . 
   additionaly gabriel and steinmeier worked long enough with merkel to know how to fight her internally . 
  i sincerely doubt that steinmeier will be actively looking for fights . 
   i would even go so far as to say that gabriel becoming foreign minister and steinmeier president in germany is already bad new for them . 
  i disagree . 
  gabriel only has a mandate until september for now . 
  if anything , brexit negotiations will have slowly started by then . 
  additionally , it is pretty damn sure that it will be merkel calling the shots in this regard and not the foreign minister . 
  considering steinmeier - i do not think that this will have a major impact on brexit . 
  it doesnt make a difference whether it 's gauck or steinmeier in office in this regard . 
  most of the reforms happened between 2002 and 2005 , * after * the creation and introduction of the euro . 
  it is n't that simple . 
  if germany becomes less competitive , it wo n't be greece profiting from this . 
  it will be the usual suspects - japan , south korea , maybe the us - countries that already are competitively . 
  germany becoming less competitive wo n't make greece more competitive - simply because they are not competing with us . 
  our two countries produce different things . 
  germany is big on manufacturing , pharma and chemicals , greece ... is n't . 
  what matters most is the inner-eu balance , and germany is n't having that many problems in this regard . 
  our surplus with other eu countries is a `` mere '' 72 bn . 
  $ and it is shrinking . 
   `` it is clear -- given the risk of a debt-deflation trap in germany 's euro zone partners -- that successful adjustment in the euro zone can only come if german prices and wages rise faster than prices and wages in the rest of the euro zone . '' this ... is already happening ? 
  1 . at the point where the submission was accepted , the bbc article was not in sight , unfortunately . 
  2 . that 's quite odd , usually we are being accused of being pro muslim . 
  i have elaborated in other comments why the source is bad .
