  its like the people claiming that people state that they are under 18 to be allowed to stay . 
  after looking up the data , the number of these cases in finland was below 50 . 
   canada does take in many people btw , highest/capita in the world . 
  i am one of them . 
  but not an illegal alien or refugee but as a qualified immigrant . 
  you are ignoring what i said . 
  i was talking about refugees . 
  not about organized immigration . 
  thats quite a difference . 
   once your country is full , people like you in canada will advocate for the same thing in canada . 
  you make no sense . 
  none of the posts i can see there even contain the word `` idiot '' . 
  you * literally * just said that we should not take in people in order to preserve our culture and civilization . 
  yet you claim that you do not believe in this . 
  something is off . 
  we have not reached numbers of refugees that would endanger the social cohesion . 
  its pretty easy for you to say `` dont take them in '' from the perspective of a country that will likely never have to take in larger amounts of refugees . 
  well , the arab countries are not taking them in . 
  the neighboring countries of syria already took in numbers beyond imagining . 
  what now ? 
  i do not believe in the purity of civilization or culture . 
  because these people are goddamn war refugees and not some economic migrants leaving their country to make a fortune in europe . 
  you know , humanity and stuff . 
  how do you reduce the influx of people from war areas however ? 
  the people have legitimate asylum claims and it would be against several treaties , some chartas and our own fundamental rights to reject them . 
  nothing is ` ruined ' by the way . 
  you are presenting unfounded claims here . 
  you do not even live here yet claim that we `` ruin '' our country . 
  so far , nothing has changed really . 
   citizenship for non immigrant based lands should be by blood . 
  i think we do not even need to discuss even futher . 
  this idea is a relict of the past and rightfully so . 
  if anything , housing refugees together with `` normal '' people ensures that there are no parallel societies and that the people integrate better and faster . 
  ( exceptions apply , but i am certain that this is the ` easiest ' way to fully integrate these people into society ) i do not say that it should be mandatory but i greatly appreciate people who do it . 
  australia is not obliged to follow the echr . 
  we are . 
  also , australia has some convenient places to load off people . 
  we do n't . 
  australia does not deport people into civil war areas , and neither do we . 
  neither of them qualify as `` being rude '' . 
  people lose their ` refugee ' status when they obtain citizenship . 
  if they are granted german citizenship , there is nobody that could force them to return there . 
  no un and no other country . 
  germany does not not extradite german citizens , not even when they committed criminal offences in other countries . 
  i have no knowledge of the legal system in iran . 
  but likely , these people did * not * obtain citizenship there . 
  would you be so kind to outline this to me ? 
  because i cant find anything ( might be due to a lack of impoliteness or because i am tired as hell ) . 
  i was talking about that second part . 
  i think the first part depends on your perspective . 
  no matter what you think about that one statement he made in the mentioned case , he usually remains pretty polite even when there are people attacking him . 
  at least that 's my experience . 
  no matter what they did to the rules , its existence renders your critique on the decision of / u/savannajeff void . 
  i never contested that it might be a ` good ' idea for some people , especially given the difficulties to deport people without id currently . 
  and i would advocate for a change in that system . 
  it should be fairly easy to determine whether someone is from syria by asking for facts about syria , former adress of residence and language . 
  however , i wont leave the claim `` all of them dont have ids anyways '' without response if he is not able to provide a source confirming his point . 
  if it is a prevalent problem , there will be articles written on that , data available . 
  doing a quick search on google news about it , the result that came up was a syrian claiming that pakistanis are doing it . 
  no official information , no reliable source . 
  i am willing to revise my point if he just gives a reliable source . 
  and by the way , germany did not say that we are taking all syrians but that we are processing all of them . 
  its a difference . 
   it is not ok to make pejorative statements about large cultural , national or ethnic groups especially when these groups are not entered into by choice ( e.g. 
  race , gender , sexuality ) . 
  i think that still covers it . 
  his initial post was essentially just expressing surprise that someone following that kind of ideology with that history has been unbanned on that sub . 
  if you want to qualify that as `` personal attack '' , then yes , i would stand by him . 
  because i deem it completely unacceptable to have people here who forcefully disagree with human ideals . 
  praising hitler , denying holocaust ( i do not know whether said user has actually done that ) , advocating of national socialism and equal things are completely unacceptable . 
  and before you come to me with being dismissive of other opinions : i have no problem discussing with people that are anti-immigration . 
  as long as the tone remains moderate and as long as these people actually bring forth arguments . 
  there however is * no * justification for an ideology of the kind of mentioned person . 
  the person in question is a mod of / r/whiteeurope , has reportedly been banned for racism on / r/europe two years ago , advocates for national socialism on other subs and posts submissions from far-right websites . 
  i do not think that we have to debate whether that person is racist or not . 
   the arab spring would not be possible without trained professionals how so ? 
  apart from the support in actual military action and the providing of communication services to the oppositional forces . 
  there have been enough revolutions in this world that did not have some foreign mastermind behind them . 
  of course , they have been supported in various ways and nobody denies that . 
  however there has to be someone requesting that support first . 
  i do not believe that agents of the west initiated these uprisings , this is some stuff for / r/conspiracy without any factual evidence . 
  what bothers me is the word 'cause d' . 
  we can have a civil discussion about the influence the west had in the uprisings . 
  we can have a discussion about how the actions of the west benefitted the crises . 
  but please , dont talk about causing . 
  this term is too big for the involvement in my opinion . 
  even `` eventually led to '' would be more fitting . 
  you should probably add the questions asked above your answers . 
  making it a lot more clearly arranged and readable . 
   again , you 're inability to understand the nato colloquialism shows you lack good faith . 
  if you want to practice your logic take a class . 
  you are talking about the no-fly zone . 
  which was not enforced until the 1973 resolution was in place . 
  what is so hard about understanding my point ? 
  i do * not * deny that the us and other countries play ( ed ) a significant role in the current civil wars . 
  i do * not * deny that there has been a supply of money , weapons and intelligence towards rebel groups , some of which turned out to be not exactly following our ideals . 
  i do * not * deny that the us involvement has paved the way for some of the problems we are currently facing . 
  however , there is a difference between creating circumstances that are benefitial for the rise of conflicts of the kind we are seeing today or supporting parties involved in these conflicts and ` causing ' them . 
  the nato and the west did not force the daesh into power . 
  the nato did not cause the arabic spring .
