   if you think that the u.k. ' s trade deficit is too high ( and i do ) then you will welcome the devaluation which will help reduce the deficit . 
  yes , it helps making products more competitive , but at least in the short term the increase in domestic production will not be as big as the losses in purchasing power due to the decreased value . 
  if a devauluation happens gradually , fine , but the recent drops can not really be described as `` gradually '' . 
   i imagine several of the men your media are presenting as heroes to you let him know exactly would happen to his remaining family if he shared the extent of his knowledge with the police . 
  where do you even get this from ? 
  sorry , but these claims lack pretty much any fundament . 
   the men who lived shoulder to shoulder with this asocial he lived in a completely different city than these people . 
   in order to avoid having their welfare payments jeopardised you are just furiously speculating on stuff that has no rational basis . 
  a technique that reportedly produces no results , violates human and fundamental rights plus rules on police conduct ? 
  no , thanks . 
   i like how the german media is pushing that the syrians who dobbed him in are heroes , setting the bar for hero so low as to be tipping off the police on discovering that a compatriot is planning a massacre - which incidentally might threaten the conditions that are , to all appearances , going to allow you to claim free room and board for the remainder of your life . 
  if you capture and turn in a terrorist , no matter who you are , you are a hero for the society . 
  i do not know why we even need to argue about this . 
   i also like how there 's nary a mention in the german media of that the deceased accused the ` heroes ' of being his accomplices these allegations only became public a few hours ago . 
   they knew him they knew him so well that they showed his picture to other people to check if it really is him . 
   they lived in close confines , he presumably felt comfortable enough seeking refuge with them after the nationwide manhunt began he asked for refuge in the syrian community of that city - these guys happened to take him in . 
  so what ? 
   tldr . 
  gang of loosely affiliated refugees media dubbed heroes could n't give a shit that one of them was manufacturing explosives until it was announced he 'd been under surveillance and was wanted he went to them * after * he had already escaped surveillance . 
  after everyone knew that there was a syrian suspect running around . 
   to save themselves from being implicated , restrained him and turned him in there is n't the slightest bit of evidence for this apart from the claims of the terrorist himself . 
  it always depends on what you buy i would say . 
  lets say you are working in tourism and earn more money due to the increase - but you are also planning to buy a bmw . 
  you will be off worse . 
  if you are n't planning on doing so - lets say you plan to invest in shortbread fingers - you will naturally be better off . 
  it 's not black and white , but i would still argue that the negative consequences offset the benfits here . 
  but we will see i guess . 
  actually they are after a few months . 
  in germany , it works this way : * after three months , you are allowed to apply for a work permit . 
  several federal agencies will be involved and will check whether there are germans applying for the same job ( nationals and eu citizens have priority during that time ) and that the work conditions are en par with domestic workers ( to prevent abuse and driving down of the wages ) . 
  * after 15 months there is no necessity that no domestic worker wants to take the job anymore , the conditions check remains . 
  * after four years , there are no requirements anymore , refugees can freely look for any job after that time . 
  -- -- -- and some of them are actually already counting towards our unemployment numbers - nevertheless the decrease in unemployed natives is bigger than the increase of unemployed refugees - hence the unemployment numebers are still going down . 
  the police is not responsible for guarding prisoners , that 's what / u/justizdepp is talking about . 
  the prisons have own personnel . 
   you should still be talking about inflation for this , not the forex why ? 
  it is the forex that has caused this increase , not inflation . 
  if you want to highlight the positive sides of the exchange rate , you also have to look at the other side . 
  well , this was already posted this morning , so i would n't read too much into it . 
  ( it is at 73 % now anyways ), 
  i am talking exclusively about the value of the pound when it comes to the relation of foreign currencies . 
  since you in fact have a massive trade deficit ( # 125 bn ) , this will come to hurt you . 
  if the british public only bought british , this would be completely alright , you would not really have to care about the external value of the pound , but since you are a heavy importer , you do . 
   in the highest month ever for inbound tourism , overseas visitors spent # 2.5 bn -- 4 % more than last year , according to new figures from the tourism agency visitbritain . 
  you get 4 % more from tourism , but this money has over 15 % less value than it had a year ago . 
  sounds like a net loss to me . 
  it really is n't and it likely wo n't become one in our lifetime . 
  breaking the bank of england was a fundamentally different scenario however . 
  fair enough . 
  i can tell you how it 's going to be living there : look at the ruhr region . 
  flanders has 6,5 million inhabitants and 13,522 km \u00b2 , the ruhr region has 5,3 million inhabitants on 4,435 km \u00b2 . 
  and the infrastructure there is equally poor . 
  with reasonable investments into infrastructure however , it will be possible to mange these problems . 
  well , your population density will be roughly the same as in the netherlands today . 
  densely populated , but not impossible . 
  my sources are dating from 2016 as well . 
  [ 2.55 according to cia ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2127rank.html ) [ 3.0 according to the world bank ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in?year_high_desc=true ) [ 2.7 according to prb ( click on syria ) ] ( http://www.worldpopdata.org/index.php/map )  if you look at the population projections from countries who 's citizens are immigrating to europe in large numbers , you can see they have high population growth . 
  syria is projected to see a 90 % increase over the next 80 years . 
  which is somewhat in line with the fertility rates we know about the country . 
  but as i said , this is n't true when it comes to expats from these countries . 
  i am not arguing whether this is good or not , i am talking about u.k. politicians announcing to `` cut the numbers to a few ten thousand '' people . 
  if they actually pursue this policy , the prediction is off . 
   `` brexit '' if the uk leaders actually manage to limit immigration significantly , possible . 
  they however could have limited non-eu migration for a while now , but they pretty much did n't act in this regard . 
  i doubt that the `` earn # 35,000 / year or more or get thrown out '' policy will do much to change this . 
  let 's see how this develops post-brexit . 
   `` migrant crisis '' i doubt it . 
  even if we assume that all people that have been granted asylum or refugee status will stay here forever , the refugee crisis will have caused approximately an additional population of 900,000 people for germany . 
  ( 60 % accepted in 2015 with 890,000 arrivals + 260,000 applications in 2014 with ~ 50 % acceptance rate + previous years +2016 ) . 
  some people might argue that the people from this region have a significantly higher fertility rate than us native germans and thus their number will increase significantly in the long term . 
  i however do n't think that this is likely . 
  most of the people that came here are syrians and the fertility rate of syrians is between 2,55 ( according to the cia ) and 3,0 ( world bank ) . 
  this is above 2.1 ( which would mean a steady number ) but not enough to cause a significant increase . 
  plus there are scientific studies that prove that the fertility rate of second generation immigrants is already closer to the local population than to their parents . 
  if that is the case here , the fertility rate of the second generation syrians in germany will be around 2.1 . 
  -- -- -- i would argue that another crisis will actually have a bigger impact - the debt crisis in southern europe combined with the wellbeing of our economy . 
  we attracted significantly more people than the migration rate the calculations are based on . 
  god knows whether these people will stay here however . 
  germany will likely try to attract more legal immigrants in the future though . 
  sidenote : our fertility rate is actually increasing currently . 
   i think you want gdp instead of bip there  holy shit , seems i had n't woken up when i wrote the post . 
  corrected . 
   on topic : true , but i 'm pretty sure that eu15 do n't represent 90 % of the population of the eu . 
  and if we 're talking about investments here , would n't it be a smart move to invest in the underdeveloped regions in order to bring them up to par ? 
  the developed regions can fend for themselves a lot better than the underdeveloped ones while the underdeveloped regions ca n't really pull a m\u00fcnchhausen and bootstrap themselves . 
  i do n't think it is appropriate to bring the pop count into this . 
  i would prefer to have it in ppp to show the real value of the investment . 
  you are correct though , it would be better to invest in the poorer regions . 
  well ... 
  the eu15 are getting 92 % of the investment , but they also make up around 90 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  germany , france and italy might get 54 % of the money , but they also represent around 50 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  these numbers are hardly surprising and not exactly worrisome . 
  we can argue whether the poorer countries have more need for investments , but calling this `` unfair '' is n't exactly fitting . 
  this is not even remotely related to this picture . 
  seek help . 
   he mixes religious morals with economics , for me that 's quite extremist or rather backwards if you prefere his position are not extremist . 
  we can argue whether a balanced budget is desirable , but he is no extremist . 
   as for the eu and the eurozone do n't have a doubt that if spain or italy leave the eurozone things wo n't go easy in austria and france.and then it 's just a domino . 
  i have few doubts about that . 
  the ez could probably tolerate losing greece or portugal however .
