  because it would not be legal . 
   why did they wait for him to have an interview before firing him ? 
  did they want the firing to seem to be a response to the interview ? 
  i do n't recall the specifics to be honest . 
   by giving them free housing and not punishing them when they try to get their free swedish/german girlfriend by force . 
  if you believe that sexual offenders are not prosecuted , you are wrong . 
   it 's a border closure , maybe a heads up would be nice but apart from that what else is there to say ? 
  just a heads up would be a lot better . 
   give it time , once the message gets out that the border is closed and will stay closed then people will stop coming . 
  why would they bother crossing the sea just to sit in a camp in greece ? 
  and if this turkey deal actually goes through it will be easier to stop people and sort out cases if the borders are closed . 
  we will never find out as the deal with turkey seems to go through . 
   in breach of international law ? 
  because every case has to be processed individually and that takes time also there is the issue that turkey may not be deemed a suitable place to deport them too . 
  it will be a lot faster than actually processing their application . 
  our laws allow it to send back to safe countries . 
   also once you 're in germany it would be easier to slip into the black economy and there are plenty of myths about what they expect when they get there . 
  possible , but this can also be fixed by imposing stricter penalties for those who engage in the black market ( on both sides ) . 
  but we have always been very clear about economic migrants . 
  and if you look at the numbers currently : over 60 % are syrian or iraqis . 
  the main group of economic migrants came from the balkans . 
  they have stopped coming half a year ago . 
  you will get payed three refugees a week !, 
   they 're one of the only foods i have n't been able to find in texas you wo n't find them in most parts of the us . 
  if i recall correctly , the german embassy has its own donair shop inside . 
  ( just like your guys have taco bell over here in their military barracks . 
  you wo n't find that anywhere else in germany ) . 
   i 'm on about now not in the past . 
  i was talking about the past however . 
  these countries rejected it prior to cologne , so cologne can hardly serve as a good argument for them . 
  it is some kind ex post validation if anything . 
   if there were support for such ideas then it would of been done but the support just is n't there . 
  in parts , the government are responsible for this themselves . 
  if you are inciting fear , of course there wo n't be a majority for it . 
   also there is no limit so it could be ten thousand in a country or more . 
  ten thousand people would not even be much for the smaller european countries . 
  ( apart from the really small ones ) . 
   i 'm sure most syrians would rather go to europe than sit in a refugee camp in jordan or turkey and i ca n't blame them . 
  of course they would . 
  they cant though as they will be deported back  sure you do , you benefit from a plan that would stop the migration from greece because a lot of that migration is going to germany ( though not as much now due to border closures ) . 
  so a plan that would stop that a , allow non syrians to be deported and allow for registered and checked migrants to be taken instead is in germany 's interest . 
  not the case . 
  the numbers we will take in under the deal will likely exceed the numbers that are currently coming here without the deal . 
   the things society gains from them are usually outside of the established national identity , like foods , customs , design , etc. 
  well , we experienced that with the turks . 
  our [ fast food national dish ] ( http://www.liveforthepump.de/sites/default/files/d%c3%b6ner.jpg ) was brought to us by turkish immigrants . 
   still , even if she had to lie ... so what ? 
  serious ? 
  apart from the fact that she cant really do that - her words would have quickly been proven to be lies . 
  i wrote that they * do n't * need to negotiate . 
  i simply said that you could coordinate this with your goddamn neighbor . 
  and no , this does not take months or weeks . 
  there does not need to be consent . 
  this can be dealt with by a simple telephone call . 
   seems weird that there is such resistance to the border closure though , if you want to stop people coming you need to remove the pull factor . 
  borders are closed , influx into greece is increasing again . 
   even with a turkey deal if people can just wonder across europe anyway then they will . 
  they ca n't though . 
  we will straight up send them back to turkey . 
   used every opportunity to make a photoshoot wrong . 
  there have been some selfies with her , but calling it every opportunity is just wrong . 
   chided every foreign country that wants an end to the refugee crisis , including threatening poland and the v4 i can not see how blocking quotas is a ` solution to end the crisis ' . 
   chided every german wanting to restrict the flow , going so far as to make crazy statements about how germany is n't really worthy of her if they do n't do as she says ( and that 's far from the only time you should probably read that again . 
   lastly , abstained from making any correction that is considered as such by the media . 
  i have pointed out at least two correction in the original post . 
   since then , there are literally dozens of opeds writing about kind hearted merkel taking leadership in europe by accepting every possible refugee and essentially driving this entire thing ... 
  if it was n't true , how come merkel never fucking corrected it and even actively encouraged that thinking ? 
  this was not the subject of this post . 
   if it was n't her policy to invite them in the beginning , she definitely did run with it and it definitely is her policy now . 
  yes germans you did do this . 
  nonsense . 
   is merkel 's `` invitation '' really the relevant point ? 
  yes it is . 
  simply because i made it the main topic of this post and because this allegation is quoted in pretty much every thread about refugees . 
   she has blocked and vetoed any attempt to stem the flow , or even organise it . 
  this is inaccurate . 
   her administration has criticised countries that do n't want to participate in this vastly destructive process we are free to criticize however we want . 
   europe will pay for this for generations , economically , socially and politically . 
  debateable . 
   very typical to focus in on one aspect of the criticism of it , and imply that disproving that alone invalidates everything else that criticises the agenda . 
  i wrote a long piece about one factor . 
  you can hardly blame me for not talking about everything else . 
   the fact that the mods stickied it is frankly disgusting . 
  there seem to be a lot of people quite consent with it . 
   1 ) there 's a disdainful gut-reaction to the foreigners . 
  they do n't know the culture , they do n't fit in , they 're going to take our jobs , etc , and they should just go home . 
  public approval for genuine refugees is still very high . 
   2 ) the groups begin to integrate . 
  they fill roles in the society that other `` accepted '' groups wo n't / do n't , or improve existing institutions with their own cultural background . 
  we 'll have to see about that one . 
  unlike in the us , police forces over here are n't really that much of a dangerous/shitty job . 
   a socio-economic step forward occurs and people realize that these foreigners are n't their enemy , they are a fellow citizen . 
  well , we expect most of them to leave in a few years time . 
   they key is integration . 
  i absolutely agree . 
   yes , these immigrants need to learn your ways , but you also need to come to respect some of theirs . 
  the american melting pot is a literal thing . 
  when you add new ingredients to the soup , they blend in , but they also change the flavor overall . 
  a lot of your country goes into them , and you get a little back . 
  accurate .
