that does n't mean that lacking segregation is never good . 
  it 's definitely bad for the gypsies , but it 's good for italians . 
  i do not care if it matches the definition of racism or not , my point is that this measure is justified . 
  nice job italy , we could use this kind of measures here too . 
  to the blind people shouting out `` raaaeeseesum '' , gypsies had countless projects installed for social integration , they would n't want to . 
  stop asking for other people to integrate socially people who do not want to be socially integrated . 
  and as for the stupid shedding rivers of tears for the gypsies who do not deserve this , let me remind you that with little effort , no one could ever guess they 're gypsy . 
  `` not really , im swedish actually  i just don \u00b4 t give a shit . 
  its not my war . '', 
  - some random swedish guy , 1939 after danzing invasion, 
  you do n't have a point . 
  do you have a point ? 
  or ar we just dragging this for nothing ? 
  i 'm from salaj . 
  but i still think it 's perfect . 
  no , i do n't commit that logic fallacy , it 's not only the resources , is the attitude towards authority , and general common sense . 
  and yes , i am . 
  me , my parents , my uncles , my co-workers , the guys that take me when i hitch-hike , my friends , we all want autonomy , what of it ? 
  sadly , this is how communication works . 
  when i say `` that girl is the most beautiful girl ever '' , it 's not because she really is , it 's because that 's how i feel about it . 
  i agree it 's incorrect , but not absurd , because , even ignoring the rulers , geman-influenced communities in transylvania tend to be more prosperous than the romanian ones . 
  you may disagree , but the concept is far from being absurd . 
  he 's obviously referring to the hohenzollern-sigmaringen period . 
  he means that romania had a really prosperous age when ruled by [ hohenzollern-sigmaringen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hohenzollern-sigmaringen ) royal family . 
  welcome to the wonderful adventures of dealing with the roma . 
  you should brace yourselves to witness : - resising arests . 
  if you 'd like to arrest an important roma , the whole clan will come to condemn it as it 's the greatest injustice ever . 
  - any accusation will be met with harsh accusations of racism - you 'll spend a lot of money trying to integrate them , to no avail . 
  they will abuse the system , and keep their habbits - any resentment towards them will be met with harsh accusations from people who never dealt with them . 
  fuck the roma ( most of them , who refuse to abide ) , and fuck their enablers . 
  since you really do n't seem to get it , let me break it down to you . 
   jews buy palestine  jews win wars and keep most of palestine for themselves  hamas keeps attacking israel since as long as i remember  jews retaliate  i assert that : hamas would have continued with the terrorist attacks until israel would have launched an attack of this scale , so they can complain to onu about the jews . 
  the 3 kids is just the arbitrary incident that triggered the operation . 
  i 'm sory , what ?!, 
  israeli agree with the fact that the local police have evidence that hamas was n't involved ? 
  and the reason why i keep commenting , is just to tell zealots that there 's also a different perspective on the conflict , so they do n't feel like everyone agrees with them . 
  the point is that there had ben numerous incidents , not only the 3 kids , the 3 kids incident is ignorable in the bigger view . 
  there have been killings in israel ever since i can remember , the 3 kids were only the drop that filled the glass . 
  you also make claims without proofs . 
  i pretty much blame everyone , and hope it calms down soon . 
  let me ask you something , so you see why i pretend i do n't give a crap about hundreds of people dying . 
  propose a sollution where israel would get rid of hamas without collateral damage , and i will forever criticize israel for starting a war , and not using your sollution . 
  ( keep in mind the social/economic/political context ) . 
  `` two people firing at each other with machine guns and splattering the bystanders with bullets . '', 
  how is this not consensual figstfight ? 
  my analogy is pretty much spot on . 
  if israel would not have been a world power , then the casualties would have been equal , and so we 'd have double the victims , and no one would give a shit , because that 's how internet logic works . 
  your point is exacltly why i refuse to take it seriously . 
  if two kids would start a fistfight everytime they 'd see eachother , and no matter what you do , they would search eachother and start fistfight . 
  if you separate them , they 'd search eachother , and start a fistfight . 
  there 's no way to stop the fight unless you take the freedom of at least one of them . 
  the only sensible solution is to let them end it . 
  and before anyone points out that the conflict is unfair , let me remind you that hamas could have prevented those casualties , but refused to do it . 
  i assert that hamas would have continued terrorist attacks in israel until israel would have attacked , so they can complain about israel to onu . 
  it was just a matter of time , and if it had n't happen now , it would have happen soon . 
  do you really really think that israel spends tens of thousands of dolars to kill kids ? 
  really ? 
  i refuse to take this conflict seriously . 
  i ca n't wait for this to end , so it can fuck off internet . 
  but the things that the article mentioned as being `` russophobe '' were exactly just being skeptical . 
  let me get this straight ( at least for myself ) personally i have nothing with the russians , i 'm not russophobe . 
  politically , i 'm 100 % anti-russian , and this is probably what the finns are doing . 
  you may call this stance as being `` russophobic '' , but it 's just an incorrect term . 
  if you attack the politics by claiming people are personally russophobic , you 'll get nowhere . 
  the bigger it is , the more unstable . 
  at which point , adding another country poses more risk than benefits ? 
  i could write an essay on how much russia negatively influenced my country 's past , but i wo n't . 
  i assume you 're smarter than this . 
  the problem is , that it 's not just past . 
  some russian foreign policies suggest that the past is bound to repeat again . 
  are you seriously condemning us for being skeptical ? 
  again , i do n't resent the individual , you might as well all be more beautiful and smarter than me , but as a european power , russia makes me be defensive , and i stand by that stance . 
  `` phobia '' is an irrational fear . 
  `` russophobia '' is pretty damn rational . 
  this is fucking beautiful . 
  i really feel connected with my fellow non-russian eastern europeans when i read something like this . 
  we 've almost always been the underdogs , and we know eachother 's sufferings like no one knows . 
  i was refering to the way we prove rsa to be secure . 
  you can make security systems and prove that they ca n't be cracked . 
  my point exaclty . 
  i 'm not sure how things in estonia works , but here votes are counted by people , transported by cars , and then recounted by people . 
  there are ways to make programs 100 times less risky than this . 
   `` you can not simply `` want '' and then make something fool-proof , it has been tried many times , and oh so many times it failed . '', 
  it 's a matter of how many resources are invested into the project . 
  i really doubt your expertise as an computer scientist if you claim that there is no risk free program . 
  making an algorithm to calculate the greatest common divider of two numbers can be mathematically proven to be correct , full proof , risk free . 
  this is just a matter of scale . 
  there is no greater transparency than a secure database that can be queried by anyone . 
   `` the way software is rushed through these days , even for critical applications like this , means that there is very little code that would pass a critical review by security experts . '', 
  this is only true for bad programmers . 
   `` i 'm not a `` programmer '' , but i am a computer scientist and the day they insist on electronic voting is the day i stop voting . '', 
  wow , you trust computers to handle your money , but you do n't trust them for voting ? 
  are you serious ? 
  what kind of programmers you have where you live ? 
  `` risk free '' in reasonable terms . 
  like transporting votes by car from the local booth to the electorate center where they are re-numbered is considered risk free ( or maybe , less risky than online voting ) . 
  good online voting poses less risk than current voting system . 
  this is not the phrasing used to explain to the masses . 
  i hate these kind of games . 
  programs can be proved mathematically to be risk free , and i 'm pretty fucking sure estonia has some awesome programmers to make it fair .
