  they 're both atrocious psychopaths and invisible sky wizards . 
  if i diss the jewish god , i 'm dissing the christian god as well . 
  except that the christian god lacks the hunger for foreskins . 
  it is your immature characterization of god which shows how little thought you have actually put into this . 
  nice job ignoring my mention of apologetics . 
  instead of trying to understand why god acted throughout history the way he did you instead ignore any and all possible explanations and go with one that forgets all context and reduces him to `` a psychopath '' . 
  poor you . 
  do n't be such a crybaby . 
  first off , let us bring things into perspective : circumcision does very little harm to children . 
  please do n't dramatize the actual damage that is done to fuel your agenda and instead stick to the facts . 
  as for why god would prescribe this , i told you already , did n't i ? 
  a pact that is manifested physically as well as culturally probably has a better chance of not being forgotten than one that is manifested only culturally . 
  as i said elsewhere , it 's harder for you to forget that god made you one of his chosen people if you are reminded of that every time you take a piss  curious , too , how you want to sue god for crimes against humanity when first and foremost we are the ones who have to pay for both crimes against humanity ( ourselves ) and god himself . 
  but that thought never even entered your mind , did it ? 
  funny how anti-theists rarely if ever actually bother to consider the ethical implications and consequences that the very existence of a deity would entail for us . 
   and no , i do n't believe in yhwh , which is basically the cruel , primitive and sexist mega ego of some cruel , primitive and sexist bronze age people . 
  i 'm a pantheist , sort of like einstein was , thus i reject the notion that there is a personal god which would get involved in human matters and created humans with magic tricks . 
  great , so you have n't spent even a second on christianity and instead rely on a strawman version of it for criticism . 
  apologetics is a foreign term to you , i imagine . 
  you do n't get closer to him through it , you do so as a reminder of the pact between you , your people and him . 
  at least according to the torah which i guess you never read . 
  disagreeing with this practice is fine ( especially if you do not believe in yhwh ) but do n't ridicule it by misrepresenting what it is supposed to do . 
  i think this serves a reminder mainly to jews themselves . 
  harder to forget that you are god 's chosen people if every time you take a piss you are reminded of it , 
  speak for yourself und so :p, 
  hope you found it again afterwards . 
  see , i 'd argue that self-sufficiency and autonomy are virtues to be fostered . 
  unwillingness ( or incapability ) to google the answer to such a simple question seems to indicate a lack of those qualities to me . 
  with that in mind my rebuke might serve to get that guy to recognize his shortcomings in those areas . 
  spoonfeeding everything to him on the other hands does the exact opposite . 
  it 's just lazy , i think , in this day and age . 
  it 's not like that question is something nebulous which a human would answer faster . 
  wastes the time of all people involved . 
  no problemo , now you know again . 
  * `` stuck with '' , brudi, 
  such sass . 
  nah , they 're less bad . 
  or at least far smaller in size . 
  take chernobyl for example . 
  what ? 
  maybe if you add a few more downvotes someone will like you ? 
  probably not . 
  for real though , what are you on about ? 
  calling your comment stupid-ass counts as a personal insult in your eyes ? 
  ah , did n't even know that hockey is more popular than football over there . 
  so , uh , you used the wrong word then , did ya ? 
  `` not allowed '' means `` forbidden to '' and people certainly were n't forbidden from saying what they wanted . 
  i mean you yourself said so just now . 
  let 's all wait and see  is there a reminder bot on this subreddit ? 
  not really a different system , mate . 
  just a minor tweak . 
  who has no relevance now ? 
  what did i even originally reply to ? 
  i forgot by now and the original post got deleted . 
  okay . 
  that 's fine , too , i guess . 
  hehe . 
  for real though , any idea what is referring to ? 
  on a side note , i 'm kinda bummed out that the czech republic did not make it to the next round in the euro cup :(, 
  as you yourself noted in that apologetic reply your stupid-ass comment was begging to be misunderstood as a call for less democracy ( i.e. 
  barring people that you consider `` uneducated morons '' from voting ) . 
  also , thanks for admitting that you know of no better system . 
  very productive to bitch-moan without any actual advice on how to fix things . 
  the way of whom ? 
  man , i hope both scotland and northern ireland leave the union . 
  you can keep the traitorous welsh . 
  yes , please !, 
  time to revert that pre-wwii brain drain !, 
  hehehe , we 'll see about that . 
  where 's your flair , bruv ? 
  more like both the irish and the scots leaving y\u2019 all . 
  not like it was very original to begin with ... 
  riiight , because it is not like unelected bankers hold sway in london . 
  noooo , siree , lobbyism does not exist in uk politics . 
  what they intend for whom , canuck ? 
  that username ... 
  free to live in destitute . 
  enjoy . 
  you deserve it , 
  yes !, 
  / u/arathian , go on then . 
  best of luck to ya . 
  disappointed in your fellow citizens ? 
   as if you needed to proof that you do n't know what you are talking about :d riiiight , because it totally is n't as though the modern swiss is founded upon safe-keeping the money of the world 's most despicable despots and mass murderers . 
  you are aware that your banks have no qualms about shaking hands with genocidal dictators , right ? 
  hard to think of other countries more morally bankrupt than yours . 
  i guess the usa might top you though . 
  no , we 're not . 
  what are you on about ? 
  those whoresons will keep enriching the 0.1 % at the expense of everyone else . 
   they were n't allowed say it so they spoke with their vote . 
  what in the world are you talking about ? 
  not allowed to say it ? 
  a bit stupid , are ya ? 
  who knows , maybe in time someone will step up and put a bullet in him as well : }, 
  got a better system in mind , fascho ? 
  guess we better up the price some more then . 
  what ? 
  fairly unusual in germany . 
  visit some baptist churches from time to time , they are neither empty nor visited only by the elderly ,
