yeah , not over the course of 200 years though . 
  seeing how i do n't speak the language , yeah , probably not :p, 
  that 's stupid of him : /, 
  fair enough . 
  hey , i know some of those words ... 
  why would anyone voluntarily do this though ? 
  besides people with a fetish for public humiliation , i mean . 
  i 'm sorry , i must have missed the part where i proclaimed that my opinion is an objective and universal absolute truth . 
  maybe you can point this out to me ? 
  as for me being a hero , again , i did not say that . 
  i merely reasoned that a coward would shy away from opposition , not seek it out . 
  how does pointing out the cringy-ness of your neckbearded viking worship make me a coward ? 
  is n't being confrontational kinda the opposite of that ? 
  what ? 
  it wo n't . 
  but those dumbass clicktivists do n't know any better , apparently . 
  of course it would be / r/twoxchromosomes ... 
  sperm does n't go on to develop into life on its own . 
  a fertilized egg in a woman does . 
  try harder . 
  1 like = 1 abortion these fucking clicktivists , urgh ... 
  i 'd chip in for a good cause like that . 
  where 's your flair , bruh ? 
  you probably should though , it 's among the biggest corporations in the world . 
  uhm , from what i gather the brits are actually taking up apple 's cause and intervening with the eu ruling . 
  is that not the case ? 
  niquabs are n't common anywhere but in saudi arabia , what in the world are you on about ? 
  everywhere else a simple headscarf is far more prevalent . 
  if anything the muslim attire is exaggerated here . 
  men wear bras ? 
  for real though , far from all cultures sexualize female breasts in the way that modern western ones do . 
  also , not every woman goes to the beach in a bikini like that . 
  someone explain that to me . 
  is it mocking u.s. complaints ? 
  after all , where 's the issue ? 
  tax \u2019em properly yourself if you want some of those profits . 
  also , as an aside , with transnational corporations like that it makes little sense to strictly * assign * them to any one country . 
  what contrast ? 
  i do n't recall him being portrayed as a clueless moron in the media . 
  that 's usually reserved for genius s. presidents like w. or ( hopefully not ) trump . 
  how did you do that :0 ? 
  and they murder many people each year , do n't forget about that . 
  remember the domestic terrorism they brought us with what our scumbag media called the `` d\u00f6nermorde '' . 
  well , i mean , it 's a fair point to remind people of ( even though putin is still an oppressive cunt ) : that the usa ( kennedy specifically ) gambled with mankind 's fate for a fucking act of machismo . 
  so what if the soviets wanted nukes closer to the states ? 
  in europe the u.s. had stationed nukes in striking range of russia , too . 
  we all like m.a.d. , do n't we ? 
  so it 's only sensible to have both sides be on a level playing field . 
  almost . 
  for next time , it should be something like `` this is n't even the wurst that could have happened there '' or something like that :p, 
  well , are n't they these days ? 
  that little mishap with the fighter jet seems all but forgotten , it seems to me . 
  or anywhere really . 
  well , i do n't know about the entirety of them , obviously , but the ones i know personally are fairly chill . 
  it 's not perfect but it 's not terrible either . 
  people like sarrazin are exaggerating . 
  eh , i 'd welcome them . 
  presumably less problematic than other kinds of immigrant influxes . 
  i mean we managed to more or less deal with many non-secular immigrants from turkey . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   where do you get this stat ? 
  common sense . 
  if your country consists of a majority of caucasians then the majority of serial killers will also be caucasians . 
  i never said that they are more likely to be serial killers per capita . 
   why caucasians would tend to be more of a serial killer than any other person ? 
  see above , that is not what i said . 
  i 'm saying that if you are afraid of unlikely things then you should be afraid of serial killers , too , and they are more likely to be caucasians simply because there are more of those around in your country . 
  it looks like this ( following your logic ) : afraid of terrorist \u2192 most `` classical '' terrorists look foreign \u2192 be afraid of foreign-looking people afraid of serial killers \u2192 most serial killers look caucasian \u2192 be afraid of caucasian-looking people if you object to this then you should probably rethink that first dumb assumption of yours as well . 
   it 's silly to worry but is it silly to take action ? 
  like what action ? 
  getting off the bus ? 
  that would be even sillier than worrying , so yes . 
  & nbsp ;  when companies recall products/food due to defects/contamination is that silly ? 
  no , because there 's actual danger there , not a one in a billion chance . 
  they would n't recall those products if there was no danger . 
   i have close to no chance to see a cow in the middle of paris , or in a bus . 
  fine , take a serial killer then . 
  you 're more likely to encounter one of those , too , and the profile of those are middle-aged caucasians . 
  so why do you not shit your pants every time you see a middle-aged caucasian ? 
  i 'm too lazy to read them all , can you point me to the specific page you have in mind concerning members of the regime with prior knowledge of the imminent attacks ? 
  i 'm asking because the article has sentences like this one in it : * `` there is no evidence that either the saudi government or members of the saudi royal family knowingly provided support for the attacks of 11 september 2001 or that they had foreknowledge of the terrorists operations in the kingdom or elsewhere . '' *, 
  what 28 pages ? 
  as yauld said , while it might be true that you are greater risk of encountering a terrorist who is foreign-looking than one who is domestic-looking ( not sure if this is true but let us assume that it is ) , the chance of encountering a terrorist in general is so ridiculously low as to not warrant any worries . 
  getting killed by a cow is more likely to kill you than that . 
  and this is not a joke , check out how many people are killed by cows in your country each year versus how many are killed by terrorists . 
  do we ? 
  i mean we know that they all were saudis but is there actual confirmation that the regime had a direct hand in it ? 
   i 've never been racists before but i can feel my heart skip a beat ( and not in the good way ) when i see a foreign/muslim looking person on the same train or bus as me . 
  you realize that this is silly though , right ? 
  statistically as well as ethically . 
   https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23374102?dopt=abstract  http://ije.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2011/06/13/ije.dyr104.abstract  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17378847  https://www.researchgate.net/publication / 272499352_male_circumcision_pain_trauma_and_psychosexual_sequelae the first and third study are about sensitivity , not about any pathological effects that a lack of it may or may not have . 
  the fourth is a typical wishy-washy psychology `` study '' ( that unironically cites freud ) of which the strongest conclusion is that circumcision * may * result in harm in some individuals later in life . 
  however , your second study at least is about the topic at hand and does support your claim . 
  yet when consulting the rest of the literature we find that the consensus seems to be the other way around ( cf. 
  [ this meta analysis ] ( http://www.jsm.jsexmed.org/article/s1743-60951530172-7/abstract ) ) : `` the highest-quality studies suggest that medical male circumcision has no adverse effect on sexual function , sensitivity , sexual sensation , or satisfaction . '' so either you were unaware of this or you 're guilty of cherrypicking . 
  the former seems unlikely since even the wikipedia article on circumcision reports this in its introduction sooo ... & nbsp ;  especially not a creator entity , which could make jews get born without foreskin , while not causing them any negative consequences . 
  if it wanted to mark jews , it would have them get born with star of david patches on their arms . 
  creation happened once and that was it . 
  for god to do what you suggest would require constant divine intervention . 
  what 's more , it would not be done out of the jews ' free will .
