  if you wan na see an example of religious tolerance look at the predominantly muslim al-andalus . 
  how is that precluded by what i said ? 
  ah , so you are one of those people ... 
  okay . 
  exactly . 
  pretty sickening , i think . 
  not everyone thinks like me and i can live with that . 
  apparently they ca n't . 
  well , i would argue that it is not only a huge factor but the biggest factor . 
  cultural reasons play a much smaller role ( if any ) . 
  so it is not our culture that they look up to but our society ( peaceful , rich et cetera ) . 
  the two are not synonymous . 
  the emirates are peaceful and rich , too . 
  a turk calling other turks towelheads ? 
  uh , okay ... 
  so tolerant they had christians , among others , publicly savaged by wild animals . 
  wow , what a great example of tolerance . 
  why is a czech getting so worked up over switzerland ? 
  killing and displacing others just because they have different beliefs is wrong . 
  did you really need to have that pointed out to you ? 
  yeah , getting billions from laundering and safeguarding the blood money of genocidal dictators , crimelords and tax-evading millionaires tends to allow you to buy you some pretty nice things . 
  you should probably have specified that you meant changing values to accommodate immoral customs is bad , right ? 
  because where is the harm in changing our culture to accommodate customs that are perfectly moral ( or at least amoral ) if that helps others feel more welcome ? 
  well , you 're not wrong . 
  for instance , we allow jews to slaughter animals in a certain way and ~ ~ slaughter ~ ~ circumcise their male babies ' penises :p changing one 's ways need not be a bad thing . 
  what good law ? 
  jewish kosher slaughter ( `` sch\u00e4chten '' ) was already a thing . 
  why allow jews one thing but deny it to muslims ? 
  also , where is the issue with that ? 
  animals bleed out very quickly during this and lose consciousness in a matter of seconds . 
  depriving your brain oxygenated blood by cutting the jugular causes a pretty quick death , you know ? 
  are you a militant vegan by any chance ? 
  how about music ? 
  or literature ? 
  or customs of theirs ( e.g. 
  concerning hospitality ) ? 
  there are a lot of positive things that foreign cultures can bring us . 
  yes , there are lot of bad things that they can bring us , too . 
  the point is that it 's not black and white and our task as society is to encourage the good and discourage the bad . 
  are n't the primary reasons economic and political , not societal ? 
  earning good money and not being bombed to bloody bits are obviously more attractive than the opposite . 
  `` even '' oh , wow , they did n't mandate what cut the swimming clothes they wear had to have . 
  how outrageously tolerant of them !, 
  uh , democracies as we understand them ( i.e. 
  no the retarded technical definition which would make the slave-owning ancient greeks `` democrats '' ) have basic inviolable rights and minority protections . 
  i 'm sure you know this , too , so why bring up majority rule ? 
  tyranny of the masses is something our modern democracies are supposed to prevent . 
  i know this is supposed to be a joke but its fairly regressive-conservative society is certainly a downside ( e.g. 
  women only became actual persons in the eye of the state there in 1971 ) and so is the fact that its economy is largely built upon laundering and safeguarding the money of genocidal dictators , crimelords and tax-evading millionaires . 
  should jews be allowed to circumcise their male children ? 
  if so , should some adherents to animalism from , say , africa be allowed to circumcise their female children ? 
  and by circumcision i mean the surgical removal of the inner labia , not the clitoris ( which is what some of you presumably had in mind when reading this ) . 
  not really nutjob , just a passionate activist . 
  and what is wrong is that this person is apparently perfectly law-abiding . 
  what else should matter to you ? 
  do you really wan na create laws that allow mobs to deny immigrants citizenship based solely on whether or not they like them ? 
  understanding their purely emotional reaction is one thing , supporting it is another . 
  do you mean the former or latter ? 
  as in , do you think they ought to deny her citizenship ? 
  citizenship certainly is a right . 
  at least in one 's own country . 
  migration and subsequent naturalization what is currently not a right ( although personally i think that it should be ) . 
  to be honest , that protest does sound ( get it ? ), 
  kinda retarded but i do n't see why this would preclude her from becoming swiss . 
  as long as she is willing to abide by the law , what does anything else matter ? 
   the good woman is one who is obedient i know what saying this is gon na get me but i agree with this part at least : t obviously , i do n't take this to mean `` have no mind of their own and defer to their husband in every situation '' , let alone get beaten and do nothing . 
  now where 's a belgian to continue this chain ? 
  at the forefront , yes , but not above all . 
  assraping one country just because it benefits yours is bad , huge national interest at stake or no . 
  kinda ;\\ ^ ), 
  ooooor germans simply realize that the eu is just a great idea in general , regardless of who profits most of it . 
  & nbsp ;  politicians fought for decisions that benefit the uk , like any government is elected to do so ... sure . 
  but categorically rejecting the accompanying duties is still unethical . 
  i mean you eat your roommates food but never vacuum the flat , say , but that still makes you a dick . 
  maximize your benefits within reason is all i 'm saying . 
  what about that is not real ? 
  do you think countries and their leaders can not act out of spite ? 
  political realism is a thing but politics are still run by humans who can act more emotionally than rationally . 
  no , just that it wanted to be one which the eu would not accept which apparently led to the brexit . 
  well , grammar nazi nowadays just means `` stickler for proper language use '' ( regardless of whether it 's about grammar , spelling or definitions ) . 
  weird al 's `` word crimes '' illustrates the broadening of the word . 
  what nonsense . 
  is that paranoid notion really what you believe ? 
  or just shitty exaggeration ? 
  also , what do you even mean by `` different vision '' ? 
  the uk wanted to continue receiving the benefits of being in the eu but without having the obligations that come with it . 
  how is that not preferential treatment ? 
  what about that is a `` different vision '' ? 
  being a parasitic freeloader is what it is . 
  if that 's what you mean then why reply in such a flippant manner to a conversation about the genocide of their people ? 
  would you say `` maybe they should n't mutilate the genitals their children '' in a conversation about the mass murder of jews during the holocaust ? 
  absolute nonsense . 
  by that logic majority muslim countries like turkey should 've been burned to the ground by islamic terrorists by now . 
  yet that has not happened . 
  funny how these massive waves of islamic terrorism only started recently and after the brutal invasions of several middle eastern countries , eh ? 
   it 's not a coincidence that these issues occur in countries with the largest muslim minorities yet are unknown in poland & co. 
  right , they also occur in countries invading muslim countries . 
  while the number of resident muslims obviously has some influence ( a stochastic truism ) , it is less important than the motivation angle . 
  if a country has done little to anger potential terrorists , it wo n't experience as much terrorism as countries that have . 
  simple concept .
