  surely making fun of ignorant black supremacists and imitating their ebonics is not racist in and of itself . 
  what did the comment say ? 
  kangz , obviously . 
  context , man . 
  you 're wrong , he 's right . 
  only technically so but that still counts . 
  before we sailed the waves and discovered that ships disappear on the horizon bottom first we did believe the earth to be what it appears to be most of the time : flat . 
  until a better theory comes along and the old one is proven to be wrong , you mean . 
  consensus does not mean it 's `` true '' . 
  being `` true '' means that it is `` true '' . 
  at best consensus is a short-cut for a layman to gouge what is and what is n't ( currently ) . 
  is n't that ** because ** you have evolved from greeks and bulgarians ? 
  i know that what was done to him is bad but i still laugh at these every single time . 
  that makes it even funnier somehow . 
  woah , that is pretty fast . 
  and there we have it . 
  what might that be worth in today 's market ? 
  i know it must 've been a lot more valuable before the crash . 
  for real . 
  it 's not like they all ever touted something like the discovery of a bunch of fake hitler diaries as true or anything . 
  why trade ? 
  i thought you freed up hundreds of millions of pounds by betraying the union . 
  you know , all that money that can now fund the nhs . 
   that aside : i like how you decided to abandon the more important argument and focus on entirely irrelevant matter . 
  he was mocking your insinuation that standing next to a middle-eastern looking person equals supporting terrorists . 
  your lack of humor is predictable . 
  it 's called `` security theater '' , look it up . 
  you ca n't prevent terrorist attacks , just as you can not prevent murder in general . 
  people with violence on their mind will always find a way . 
  either you learn to live with that or you delude yourself and let yourself be robbed of your freedoms in the name of `` safety '' . 
  like that would 've made a difference . 
  because she 's ugly and fat or for actual reasons ;p ? 
  well , i mean that is good advice . 
  people seem to live with the idea that any individual might murder them and not freak out at that prospect . 
  so why lose your shit about dying in a terrorist attack ? 
  both are astronomically unlikely . 
  getting killed by cows happens on a more regular basis . 
  well , social norms dictate that one say * something * in the face of such tragedies . 
  and what else should one say ? 
  the blatant truth ? 
  `` it sucks that this happened but we ca n't do much about it , just like we ca n't do much about murder in general '' ? 
  hence the term `` security theater '' . 
  that is all these measures really are . 
  i mean apart from the blatant power grab from governmental institutions . 
  i think he 's saying that the threat that they pose is overblown . 
  i mean world peace is threatened far more by the united states than by russia . 
  sadly , you wo n't hear that from many people in the mainstream . 
  sure , you have folks like noam chomsky pointing out as much and according to polls the general population has that figured out , too , yet it is still taboo to say as much publicly in the established media , apparently . 
  both parties have nukes , speculation about war are pointless . 
  there will be no war . 
  if there is one it will end in a nuclear holocaust . 
  you can bet your ass that the russians would not have invaded ukraine if they had nukes . 
  i mean ... it was a fair point . 
  even though it was a whataboutism . 
  well , they had it worse during and especially after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  i do n't see them revolting any time soon . 
  it took literal starvation for that to happen in the early 20th century . 
  is this the same thing then ? 
  or different ? 
  guess we should do some more student exchanges then . 
  i was on one in my school days \u2019cause i took french ( instead of latin like most of my classmates ) and what i learned is that france has some funky pepsi flavors that we do n't and that their school cafeteria is super nice . 
  oh and also that they 're not really all that different , culturally . 
  his accent is still noticeable but not hugely so . 
  his vocabulary and grammar is impeccable though from what i looked up just now . 
  quite eloquent , that guy . 
  they do regularly air some right avant-garde garbage , admittedly . 
  luckily that 's the exception though , not the rule . 
  what would be enough ? 
  what level of crime would you consider acceptable ? 
  i bet you would bitch and moan about crimes committed by roma even if they took place only once a decade . 
  oh , look , someone learned a new word today ( one that has been around for 150 + years ) . 
  good for you , wojtuma . 
  because in dfractalh 's deluded world the justice system turns a blind eye to anyone but whatever ethnicity he himself considers . 
  got statistics to back up that bias , jewnova ? 
  oh boy , guess someone did n't get the memo that physiognomy is n't science . 
   specially after the events of dale farm or , you know , the holocaust . 
  \u2019cause that targeted romani people , too . 
  okay , so again , you get called out and rather than manning up and admitting being wrong you just pick up the ball and wan na go home again . 
  well , i 'm not gon na let you . 
  i never denied that it hurt . 
  i merely claimed that it did not hurt considerably more than other forms of slaughter . 
  check my previous comment three replies above for instance . 
  i said that , sure , there will be suffering if its throat is cut but that the shock and blood loss will overshadow that . 
  yet you seem to insist that any preventable pain is bad . 
  i bet you would even get outraged if any animal merely got pinched during the slaughtering process . 
  `` oh the humanity , a pinch !, 
  how is anyone fine if this is the price we have the animals pay !, 
  ? '' oh and i noticed that you yet again did not respond to my argument . 
  not only a bigot but also a hypocrite then , lovely . 
   that getting cut hurts . 
  where did i deny that ? 
  & nbsp ;  even if it was one in a million it 's still a price you are willing to pay . 
  i mean , after all , you are n't paying it so who cares about suffering , right ? 
  since you said earlier that you , too , eat meat i guess you must be a fucking hypocrite then because you have no problem with merely stunned animals ( which probably fails more often than only once in a million times ) . 
  but you are n't paying that price either so who cares about suffering , right  ? 
  & nbsp ;  i love the irony here . 
  calling me a jerk while willingly letting an animal suffer so that somebody can please a sky fairy . 
  priceless . 
  sooo ... not gon na respond to the accusations then ? 
   i am just realizing that i am talking to somebody that denies simple facts so that he does n't have to change his mind .
