  i do n't know about elsewhere but in germany migrants benefit the state on average more than they burden it , even within the first generation . 
  did i deny you that ? 
  i 'm just pointing out why that particular phrase is stupid . 
  * belief and who ever said anything about not speaking out against islam ? 
  you asked what is wrong about ** islamophobia ** and i gave you an answer . 
  how do you define it if you think that my reply meant you can not criticize islam ? 
  also , had you asked what was wrong with judaismphobia i would have replied the same , namely that it often goes hand in hand with antisemitism . 
  and if they migrate , become citizens and change these laws via the democratic process then that is common sense , too . 
  yet something tells me that you would object to that as well . 
  it probably is when used in that context . 
  after all , they are romans as well to continue that metaphor and to say otherwise does somewhat smack of racism or at least xenophobia . 
   just like almost everyone else here who is n't muslim you , uh , are kinda forgetting about your non-trivial christian population there , mate . 
  once they get their citizenship they are no longer foreigners , you ass , and have just as much right to dictate german policy as you have . 
  the color of your skin or the birthplace of your parents is of absolute inconsequence to this . 
   although denmark is ( was historically ) a christian country , i have not once met a christian person who prays . 
  maybe visit a church sometime . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  he spoke of rights i.e. 
  of legislation and the only thing of interest for this is the law ( which does guarantee freedom of religion ) . 
   and islamophobia is a bad thing becauuuuse ... ? 
  because it tends to be accompanied by muslimo `` phobia '' . 
  as in , you not only oppose islam but also muslims , treating them worse just because of their denomination ( sound familiar ? ) . 
  that 's the first step to dehumanizing people and forgetting about their humanity . 
  we of all people should know this . 
  and yes , the term phobia here is unfortunate but what can ya do ? 
  it 's been established as a suffix ( cf. 
  homophobia which is equally a misnomer ) . 
  * muh tax money * :'( you do know that you have no direct influence on how your tax money is spent , right ? 
  i do n't want us to waste that money on sending our citizens to other countries to commit mass murder either but our government does that anyway . 
  well , no , part of the eu but still , yeah ... 
  why do neither of you have flair :'( ? 
  did that pig fart before being thrown ? 
  chill ? 
  you say that as if it 's acceptable for them to do that in the first place . 
  never say never . 
  well , he did n't say or imply that the sentiment was based in reality :p, 
  well , they do care about politics ( its results anyway ) , just not enough to use their brains when voting . 
  same here and most everywhere else though . 
  i mean , really , in democracies we should n't see a party that screwed up after getting elected in a position of power again for several decades . 
  man , can you imagine how our democracies would look like if people actually did punish parties like that ? 
  not electing them for a generation or so if they fucked up ? 
  too bad we do n't have an informed electorate . 
  uh , well , it is two-fold . 
  yes , they are obtaining the benefits you listed ( thus , i guess , getting `` closer '' in some people 's eyes ) but in regard to the important part , so , you know , the criteria for joining ( rule of law etc. 
  ) , their recent legislative actions do move them further away from ever joining the eu . 
  it kinda is . 
  a large part of turkish migrants to germany so far have been low-skilled , uneducated workers ( exceptions being , for instance , migrants who are persecuted minorities like kurds ) . 
  so if anything another influx of turkish migrants would probably raise the `` level '' :p, 
  oh , cool , so one can customize one 's flair like that , huh ? 
  eh , i pity the downvoters more than i am wroth with them : x, 
  oh , it is empirical ? 
  can you show me the data then that shows a causation between , to stick with the example , acceptance of homosexuals and economic success ? 
  or did i misunderstand that last sentence of yours ? 
  also , how do you explain that our societies were so economically successful even when we did not have these `` enlightened '' ideas ? 
  and how about the aforementioned economically successful societies that to this day do not have said ideas ? 
  nah , i enjoy my governmentally-ensured freedoms . 
  what you seem to be unable to grasp is that one can advocate voluntary submission of women and still abhor and condemn mandatory submission ( a.k.a. 
  oppression ) of women . 
  is this really that hard to understand ? 
  i 'm not craving a white minority though . 
  persecution complex much :3 ? 
   there 's nothing wrong or `` sickening '' about that . 
  yes , it is . 
  being intolerant of people just for not agreeing with you is fucked up . 
  if they do not harm you then why harm them ? 
  do you wan na ban introverts from becoming citizens , too ? 
  after all , they probably wo n't socialize enough to conform to your arbitrary whims of what is enough socializing and what is n't . 
  & nbsp ;  why accept someone as a citizen if they do n't respect your way of life ? 
  what kind of definition of respect do you have ? 
  where is the harm in having a live-and-let-live mentality ? 
  you do n't need to be all buddy-buddy with your neighbor and agee with everything on them to live in peace . 
  is that such a hard thing for you to grasp ? 
  & nbsp ;  is n't that what has got us into so much trouble in the first place in europe ? 
  no , it is n't . 
   however the part about how men should beat women if they dont wear anything sexy just doesnt make any sense at all . 
  that is what i specifically disagreed with , too . 
  still downvotes a-plenty though ... & nbsp ;  actually makes me very skeptical of how the person who wrote this article interpreted the content of the guidec because i cant imagine it literally saying that . 
  well , would n't be the first time ... 
  apparently . 
  mine is `` being willing to comply with the commands , orders or instructions of those in authority '' , with the man being the default authority in relationships . 
  not the sole or absolute authority , just the default one . 
  that does n't even preclude mutual decisions and taking into account the wife 's opinions , it just says that the man ought to have the final say in many matters . 
  so what is your definition of obedience ? 
  how would that happen though as a result of muslims being allowed not to attend same-sex swimming classes ? 
  that 's a far cry from your horror scenario of `` destroying the foundation of [ their ] society '' . 
  also , sexual equality is the foundation of swiss society !? 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  the swiss only started viewing their women as persons in 1971 !, 
  before then they had zero political say . 
  did you not know this ? 
  if anything these muslims are more swiss than the swiss themselves in this regard , 
  but that is my point . 
  if they could get citizenship there they would . 
  lower traveling costs , too  so it is not our `` great european values '' that attract migrants but rather our wealth and security . 
  & nbsp ;  i just argued that it 's our culture what culture is that , pray tell ? 
  plenty of countries with different cultures got wealthy , too . 
  if there is a causal link between , say , gender equality or acceptance of homosexuals and economic success that i am missing , by all means , enlighten me . 
  so not buying into someone else 's religion ought to be punished by death and that is considered tolerant by you ? 
  also paganism integrated seamlessly because it essentially just ended up being assimilated ( merging their pantheon with the roman one et cetera ) . 
  so in other words , tolerance of something that straight-up copies you is n't really hard .
