  i more meant that to kids squidward is the villain , but maybe the truth is everyone one is evil . 
  she looks almost exasperatted by the ordeal , is it meant to be a reference how to many people died in the first world war ? 
  it also feels like the future plot is getting nowhere . 
  we 're what , 6 games in ? 
  if you count rogue and unity as two and not count that one psp one , and we still know fuck-all about the pre-human civilisation . 
  i kept missing it until / u/texx77 said the line it was in ... speed reading does n't do wonders , kids . 
  brilliant but at quick glance it looks a bit like he knocked himself out , through no fault of your own of course . 
  ... holy shit i think you 're right, 
  yep , it should be pronounced like / u/wiseayse said , with a slaw , but the majority of people in this country do n't speak irish very well and i think that 's what / u/0b1w4n was trying to get at . 
  it means ` health ' by the way , nowhere near the kurwa meaning . 
  so either someone 's taking the piss or in some counties in ireland people do use it in that fashion . 
  a cork harbour tour is well needed . 
  i had an american friend over over the summer and we took him out on a boat around the harbour and it was gorgeous , absolutely stunning . 
  a boat that goes from cobh to spike to camden would n't go amiss either . 
  thing about the dlc though is its mostly dlc that you can live without . 
  like to use eu4 for an example you do n't * need * the randomly generated new world conquest of paradise gives you , but it 's nice to have . 
  what amazes me more is that he did this within an hour or so . 
  yeah , whatever about louis , de broglie seems oddly specific , although that said i 've never looked into the code , so you 're probably right . 
  there was a de broglie regime ? 
  well never mind then !, 
  sorry op , i think / u/valledafighta is right . 
  oh hey i remember when the first concept of this character was posted . 
  cool runnings suppousedly is n't much like how the events actually went down , still a great movie though . 
  ` course not , i love it . 
  or ` yer ma ' or ` yer mum ' or anything along those lines depending on the accent . 
  i hope it does n't turn out to be ... rubber . 
  ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ look ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ door, 
  here in ireland we have the one national broadcast service , rt\u00c9 and they have news broadcasts at six , nine and maybe at one other time i ca n't remember . 
  for the most part the news is just that , news . 
  it 's not perfect , but it certainly is n't the fear/hate mongering you 're going on about . 
  even the radio stations that have to , by law , have a news update every hour do n't slip into the abyss . 
  i did a bit of digging and found that most sources agree that plague doctors were , `` normally either second rate doctors who had not been particularly successful in their practice or young doctors trying to establish themselves . '', 
  it appears that the in the majority of cases an agreement was reached between the town 's administration and the doctor in question . 
  the most notable case i could find was that of [ dr.ventura ] ( http://www.bellaonline.com/articles/art63741.asp ) who was to act as the plague doctor for the town of pavia . 
  the majority of the contract deals with salary and the providing of a house to this ventura . 
  according to the book the medieval city there was actually much dispute between ventura and the town officals over clauses two and five again in regards to salary , so it appears plague doctors were n't too well treated despite the work they were doing . 
  obviously the problem with the plague was that it was highly contagious and anyone treating someone suffering from it ran the risk of being affected themselves . 
  the solution to this was `` physicians or surgeons , especially hired by an infected town or village in time of an epidemic '' who `` were responsible for the treatment of the plague patients only and had to refrain from intercourse with the rest of the population . '', 
  considering the risk of death and low apparent pay it 's strange that any doctor would even consider this role but if we jump back to dr. ventura a moment it appears that - according again to the medieval city , it is doubtful whether he assumed this risk for purely humanitarian reasons . 
  thus it appears that the majority of plague doctors were n't the most wholesome of fellows . 
  but i 've gone off on a bit of a tangent there , so to bring it back to your question : plague doctors had to be trained physicians , but not neccassarily very succesful ones . 
  to become a plague doctor one had to reach an agreement with the town they wanted to work in , the town would then provide them with a salary and most likely some kind of accomadation if they were n't already residents . 
  considering the crisis that was happening the towns probably did n't care much for how reknowned the doctor was , just that they did have an education and were willing to put their life on the line without interacting with anyone put the infected . 
  sources : [ i do n't know how trustworthy this site is generally , but its information reflects what i found elsewhere and it sums up dr. ventura 's contract nicely ] ( http://www.bellaonline.com/articles/art63741.asp ) and the medieval city ( edited by harry a. miskimin david herlihy and a. l. udovitch ) - chapter 4 , a plague doctor , by carlo m. cipolla, 
  no problem , it was an interesting question and a delight to research . 
  is it just me or has / r/nocontext gotten better recently ? 
  the last three posts that showed up on my feed have been proper noconext quality . 
  yeah , it 's going to be an experience . 
  in my first sampling of the game i got maybe one invasion , ever . 
  i love the secondary running commentary , the way it transitioned from terror to a display of schadenfreunde ( schadenfreude ? ), 
  was great . 
  as do i , there 's a fine line between killing pixels and ending a sentient life . 
  would the ui be familiar ? 
  no , most likely not . 
  could you figure it out ? 
  yes you could . 
  there 's a lot to abosrb in the ui and you definantly have a lot more screens and tabs than in civ , but in reality it 's not * that * complicated and most if not all the buttons and tabs have hover over tooltips iirc . 
  stupid as it may be at least he wore a helmet . 
   nazis were still people ( very misguided people ), 
  i think this is what makes the nazi 's so scary . 
  they were n't aliens or killer-ai 's or something , they were humans ; they were people . 
  the nazi 's were , by-and-large , normal people who were either blinded by a belief , mislead or slightly mentally-damaged . 
  that 's the feeling i always get when i see pictures like this , ones that humanise the nazi 's . 
  frankly it 's terrifying . 
  and from this we get the caterpillartrack . 
  well for starters the race icons up above need to be finished . 
  as for up/down votes i think it should be something like dust and ... frankly i do n't know what you could put for the opposite of dust . 
  i 'm actually really interested in the results of this . 
  i hope you post them here op . 
  1 day '' / u/elencus ' karma survey '', 
  going to tag along with this op , here 's to hoping you and i will both be here then . 
  cheers op , i 'm interested to see if there 's any relation between high comment karma and high link karma , and vica-versa . 
  yes actually : according to the [ oxford dictionary ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/politics?q=politics&amp;searchdictcode=all ) ` politics ' is a plural noun . 
  it 's almost as if that was one of the reasons the subreddit was made . 
   satirical & circlejerk humor elements . 
  urizen 's parties are legendary , tezzhat does n't know what he 's missing out on . 
  this actually happened to me as well , i 'm not very shortsighted ( only -0.75 ) but when a short sighted friend asked me to put on his glasses to see what i looked like with them on i noticed things looked clearer . 
  naturally i went for an eyetest and sure enough , shortsighted . 
  but what if this post is the post that people find out was predicted here ? 
  what then op ? 
  just a context here : the iroquois are enemies with the huron at this moment in time . 
  seems everyone here is taking the piss out of you , so i 'll be blunt :, 
  ireland is fine . 
  there 's ` post-apocolypse ' sceanario going on . 
  sure , some people are protesting over the water-charges , but what you have to understand is : we 're irish , and in ireland someone will protest over everything . 
  sorry to be a killjoy , lads , but i think the poor man has been fooled enough already without yer assistence . 
  nah mate , you 're american . 
  which means you 'll get to see all the ` c\u00e9ad m\u00edle f\u00e1ilte ' bollocks . 
  i thought i was on / r/colorization for a minute, 
  poor germony , i do n't think you 'll ever be able to escape the nazi jokes . 
  my advice to you : get a drawing book , i 'm still in the process of teaching myself how to draw and i 'm at the point where i do n't need the book anymore but it was a huge help . 
  i personally recommend the [ dragonart ] ( http://neondragonart.com/store/dragonart.html ) series but then , i am biased since i used the dragon and character books to teach myself . 
  once you 're confident with your drawing it 's a case of what op said :, 
   perfect practice makes perfect ,, 
  ok , i 'd like my sides back from orbit now please . 
  my god i thought i was the only one , it 's a permanent dent in my left ring finger because the pen is basically forced into it . 
  it 's actually quite sad . 
  i think it 's one thing to bitch about bugs as above and another thing to point them out like you 're suggesting . 
  a review like : `` this game has very little to do at the moment ... '' is a very good early access review imo . 
  perdido street station is a fantastic steampunk book .
