  during the night the temperature drops below freezing making life for the snake-based people that live there impossible ( they burrow underground to survive normally ) without equipment . 
  after dark the landscape becomes devoid of life and if you 're one of the locals you will die out there without equipment . 
  iirc it 's made by some of the old westwood guys , hence the similarities . 
  endless legend turned out to be a superb game , and it came from early access, 
  good ... but bad . 
  i hear the council are considering changing the poison from a nice green colour to an ominous yellow . 
  i for one am against this change , and i would implore you to be too . 
  i 'll be protesting tomorrow by burning half my money in front of my poison sockets , you should join me . 
  perhaps we could construct a large poison socket in the centre of town and burn our collective pile of money in front of it ? 
  believe it or not taytos actually do make king crisps now . 
  or at the very least the own the company . 
   was he a lefty ? 
  a quick google search reveals that he * might * have been . 
  i say might because none of the sites i found on my quick two-minute search cite their sources , so take this answer with a grain of salt : but it 's looking like he was . 
  i saw a cablecar simulator when i was in germany ... would someone please tell me how that could ever get interesting ? 
  i hear you 're a racist now , ~ ~ father ~ ~ harry, 
  my life so far mirrors the authour 's quite a bit in terms of my interest in history in direct proportion to my time playing video games . 
  while i do believe that video games have n't been the only positive influence in my life ( there has been my parents and my other outlets ) it has - without a doubt , been a great force for good . 
  thanks to video games i have an intense and well versed interest in history , society , politics , philosphy and so on and so forth . 
  video games can teach you to learn , to wonder and be yourself . 
  there may be other mediums out there with similar affects , but the inherently interactive aspect of games gives that affect a new life and a new force . 
  it 's a little known fact that the catapult was actually originally designed to launch knights with parachutes over the walls of castles , much like in this video except with less explosives . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/lukemacu, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/lukemacu, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/lukemacu, 
  i guess you could say he has nothing ... 
  to lose . 
  it 's odd that ireland is still part of gb on this map . 
  i 'm fairly certain the free state had broken free and became the republic of at this point . 
  it 's nice to see that the city council 's decision to donate more funds to the pursuit of science , black magic and the experimentation of humans has n't gone to waste !, 
  roll on the black tractor beams i say !, 
  if you want to get really in-depth a variety of blood sacrifices should be peformed , because different demons respond differently to different sacrifices . 
  but for the lay man simply wanting to get the flashing lights to stop because they remind them of the impending doom of the universe a regular sacrifice should do it . 
  these really are quite lovely . 
  i really liked the one with corvo and the heart with the ghost of the empress standing behind him . 
  i 'm irish and i have n't a clue who he is . 
  as long as you like how it looks that 's what matters !, 
  not everything has to be practical , it is * your * world afterall . 
  well a certain degree of practicality yes ; it should be plausible . 
  but no one 's expecting - or asking , you to go off and spend several years of your life researching proper plasma-based weapons tech . 
  while we 're sharing special forces pictures the [ irish army rangers ] ( http://www.independent.ie/migration_catalog/article25201494.ece/alternates/h342/rangers_indo ) look like something that should be patrolling the mojave as someone on imgur once said . 
  [ according to this article ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/rangers-put-to-test-in-plane-hijack-exercise-26705910.html ) it 's them alright . 
  would n't that also technically make english a foreign language in ireland ? 
  is n't our offical language irish or is it irish/english ? 
  what does it even do ? 
  question : do you have to remain as a holy order to get the achivement ? 
  or can you flip to a monarchy . 
  i revoked sometime in the 1500s with all the princes ( minus the italians ones ) joining the empire . 
  from there i began to form a vassal swarm in the balkans to further solidify my largest land power status . 
  my balkan marches are : bosnia , bulgaria , moldavia and wallachia . 
  then out of nowhere the pop-up appears that myself and france formed a union , i could not believe it . 
  no mercy, 
  only reich, 
  what 's the revolutionary country ? 
  was n't there some austrian who did something very similar as well ? 
  yep that 's the man i was thinking of . 
  it might be wise to wait until the plc gets caught in a war with someone else . 
  eventually they 're going to try and expand into the hre or into russia . 
  if you declare while they 're in war you can force them to fight on two fronts , and if you 're lucky their allies might not join the second war if you time it right . 
  on top of that others with land to gain in the plc might jump on them if they 're being gang-banged already . 
  other than that good luck !, 
  and it 's good game so far !, 
  aul ' mick getting shot , shit craic . 
  norway is even on the same side as the brits !, 
  going of the p vs q theory , i recall being told once that the original irish ( that is to say not the normans nor the vikings ) have more in common with those in the basque region of spain than anyone else . 
  do you think this might be to do with this :, 
   displacing the q-celts into the fringes of europe - ireland and spain - where they became the goidels and the celt-iberians . 
  i was refering to genetic similarity yes , i should have made that more clear . 
  poor ol' charles mcgee , was so young , him . 
  his whole life ahead of him . 
  who 's that in leinster ( south-east of ireland ) ? 
  is it the hesse or scandinavia ? 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/37/ ), 
  this is the kind of small talk i love personally . 
  whenever i 'm the one intiating the small talk with someone who has saluted me it 's nice to ask them how they 're getting on , it 'll often lead into a conversation of its own . 
  i hate to be that guy , but i do n't get this joke . 
  would someone be kind enough to explain it ? 
  aha yes , that makes a lot of sense !, 
  thank you very much . 
  necrodancer - like hammerwatch , is bit of dungeon crawler/rogue-like , but it 's also a rythem game . 
  you move and attack in time with the music and it 's insanely fun . 
  lenin warned in this document about stalin , but as far as i 'm aware he also mentioned trotsky as not being completely suited for the leadership role either ; he worried that trotsky was over-confident . 
  he was more worried about stalin though and i believe he wanted power to be shared equally among the candidates . 
  oh without a doubt he favoured trotsky more than stalin , i 'm just saying he had cons for both of them . 
  to add on a late update to what / u/asha1985 said :, 
  trotsky commanded the red army during the civil war , and is known to be quite the commander . 
  as far as i know he 'd often eat among the men to show them that he was n't some aristocratic officer but rather a soldier like them . 
  when lenin passed trotsky was the only one to oppose stalin because - by this point , stalin had mostly filled the party with his own supporters . 
  * i wo n't get into the details of how stalin beat trotsky , but it was n't pretty and it was n't fair . 
  to get back on topic though all you really need to know ( beyond what / u/ash1985 said ) is that he was the commander of the red army and a good commander at that . 
  * stalin achieved this thanks to his role as secretary general , wherein he got to choose who was let in to the party , but it 's a whole other story . 
  presidente !, 
  * some * people say you can not have a caribbean island dictatorship if it 's not in the caribbean !, 
  clearly , they have never talked to el presidente !, 
  but el toucan overrules anyone else !, 
  and since our glorious presidente is the carer of el toucan , no one overrules him . 
   also , i have to make some friends . 
  we 're all friends here , brother . 
  it 's great that it shows how many times a comic has been referenced ; it 's my favourite part . 
  looks to be ` warm-summer mediterranean climate ' but i could be wrong .
