  not so much dying * from * starving but more * because * of starving . 
  taking huge risks to get food has gotten me killed in the past . 
  awesome name , great heist . 
  i think though if you sabotage enough murkywater humvees and weapons the escape does n't happen , since they lack the tools with which to pursue you . 
  as a bisexual i can confirm he does . 
  teach us your ways o ' master of karma . 
  roleplay . 
  i paritcularly loved the part when they made the ` contract dispute ? 
  what contract dispute ? ', 
  joke in the credits . 
  my favourite line from the movie itself was `` these are $ 200 dollar shoes and you ca n't even see them ! '', 
  thank for showing us these videos , i hope i speak for everyone when i say they were fantastic . 
  ** when you capture a city there will be a % ownership bar , when that reaches 100 % you can choose what to do with the city ( leaving it as is or salting the earth ) as per the tooltip . 
  sorry i ca n't really answer your other queries . 
  sedated then . 
  i think you 're a bit confused there mate , i 'm not the original guy you replied to , i 'm just joining in on a joke . 
  the most annoying part of that movie for - disregarding everything else , was the line about her gps not working . 
  yes dear it 's not supposed to be working you 're in space . 
  i mean come on , the g stands for global . 
  well in the original teaser we had wolf ( or was it hoxton ? ), 
  beating a russian sounding fellow tied to a chair before the lead from hotline miami showed up to beat him with a baseball bat . 
  it 's personally my favourite day of the year . 
  it was quite prevalant back on the alpha forums . 
  well if we take into account those surveys that give you free stuff for x game/whatever then a lot of stats have been skewed . 
  when i used to play supremacy 1914 i used to use a lot of those surveys to get free goldmarks , it won wars though so it 's all good . 
  i agree , and this mr. horwitz clone 117 is a great prompt . 
  as a masterghost with a masterforcer friend ... 
   tfw when inspire, 
  you can r ` ect my dispenser anytime . 
  i was n't expecting this but thank you , it was a great read . 
  as a masterghost i can say you hit the nail on the head with how the build works . 
  i quite like it though because if you get the idea of popping in and out of cover into your head you can go far with it . 
  attempted ? 
  i think you mean succeeded . 
  what i do n't understand , right , is how the medic could betray the team after [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbobchgwwdg ) , unless these videos are n't canon of course in the comic book universe , or the medic has some kind of plan . 
  maybe he wants to help the classic mercs kill red team so he can bring them back to life while the classic mercs are gone , thinking they 've done their job ? 
  considering how long it takes to build ubercharge , and the likelyhood of the user using it instead of popping their charge , no it does n't really imo . 
  yes but the medic is still forced to flee behind friendly lines , if you chase him down you can still kill him . 
  perhaps however it should n't apply to backstabs . 
  not the op here , but i 've studied irish for near on 12 years ( went to an irish speaking primary school and it 's on the course here sooo yeah ) how i would pronounce it is she-o-g-chh-an , the dh becoming more like a g in irish ( ** see : ** dh\u00e1 , pronounced gaw ), 
   why do people use gaelic as a synonym for irish ? 
  could be the fact that ` irish ' - the language , in irish is gaelige . 
  irish pronounciation is a bit complex , but if you want to shoot me a pm i can go through things like \u00e1\u00e9\u00ed\u00f3\u00fa and bh as v with you if you want . 
  aha , an irish man yerself . 
  yeah i by no means condone the beating of the language into the youth , but if i was forced to learn it i 'm damn well sure i 'm going to make use of it . 
  still i appreciate you taking the time to respond instead of leaving me in no man 's land . 
  have a nice rest of the day liambp . 
  the thing i 've come to find from irish is that it 's bit like french : more of a language of exceptions than rules . 
  might be worth posting it into / r/gaeilge yeah . 
  i. . . ehh . . i. . well . . you see ... i. . . eh . . chsshsahsh, 
  is the best pager response in the game . 
  hello cormac !, 
  what was the general irishman 's reaction to the war when it broke out ? 
  avoiding the nationalists and unionists idea of sending their supporters to help the british in hopes of winning british support and the republican idea of `` britain 's weakness is ireland 's opportunity '' , just the layman 's opinion . 
  thanks for doing the ama . 
  when i was younger i once read a book that started with the main character hunting pheansants . 
  i was very confused as to why he was hunting poor people . 
  what medic coat is that ? 
  i recall reading somewhere that many irish soldiers fighting for the british did n't find out there had been the rising in dublin until german soldiers displayed a banner telling them so . 
  is there any truth in this do you know ? 
  this is more / r/evenwithcontext, 
  might as well through blinking in for the full combo . 
  here we glance into the beginning , like when we glance into the big-bang through space , we may never be able to comprehend what things were like before this pivotal moment in the universe 's history . 
  wanted dead or alive, 
  evil eye, 
  blueprints ( old ), 
  where 's the van ?!, 
  full force forward/hot pursuit ( i ca n't deicide ), 
  should have gotten him to do a '  ' face . 
  you are , however , a generous god . 
  i do n't believe you !, 
  no i - you 're just contradicting me !, 
  a rather famed avian inventor and explorer gilvus spends most of his time alone on his ship travelling the galaxy and inventing as he goes . 
  he occasionally returns to the alpha sector where he has a ` farm planet ' set up with a few other occasional allies and occasional test subjects . 
  growing up in a small avian village - the non-religious one but it 's been a while since i 've played so i 've forgotten the name , it was n't until much later in life gilvus discovered his love for science . 
  it started when he was offered the place aboard a merchant vessel . 
  he became quick friends with the sole other avian onboard : the ship 's doctor . 
  the doctor - who for confidentiallty reaosns shall remain unnamed , showed gilvus the wonderful world of medical science , and the eccentic inventor has been expanding his field of knowledge ever since . 
  the ... kind nickname ` da bird man ' comes from when he signed up with a human research vessel - the kind of humans that had long since come to except that they were not alone in this universe . 
  during that time , heretofore that time and ever since that time gilvus has worn brass goggles with red lenses , making him look somewhat like a mad scientist . 
  after the human crew overcame their intial fear of the avian inventor they gave him the nickname ` da bird man ' and could often be heard shouting it at gilvus as he passed . 
  to which gilvus would respond with `` i am da bird man ! '', 
  while raising his arms . 
  nothing wrong with a bit of convolution !, 
  just had a read over it : while convoluted it 's plausible . 
  i like it . 
  i asked my history teacher what kind of jobs were available in history as i was thinking of pursing it , and he mentioned a kid who loved history , but went on to do computer science because it was ` safe ' . 
  two years down the line my teacher meets up with this kid again and founds out he dropped out of computer science because he despised it and is doing history again . 
  do n't know if he 'll get a job , but at least he 's studying something he enjoys , right ? 
  at the end of the day a human is worth more than an animal ; sentient life always will be . 
  but that said that does not give us the right to mercilessly harm these animals that , as you say , we have complete power over . 
  not something anyone said to me , but something i regularly tell people ( ca n't remember who said it though ) :, 
  `` live life by your own virtues , for if there are gods , and if they be just , they will not care how much time you spent worshipping them , but will judge you based on how you lived your life . 
  and if there be gods , and they be not just , then you should not waste your life worshipping . '', 
  context : i 'm a diest , but i sometimes worry about the afterlife , if there is one and such , and thus i often use this to re-assure myself . 
  i 'm not going to waste my finite years here for the chance at a better life there . 
  you 're not alone , no . 
  i always rooted for squidward , i did n't like how spongebob was being an annoying asshole to squidward , who just wanted to play shitty clarient . 
  i do n't think this has been asked , so forgive me if it has : what made you want to be a mortician ? 
  and if that has been answered : do you ever think to yourself `` what the hell am i doing with my life ? '',
