  we got him with that name but i think the show was the inspiration , not sure which one though . 
  no capes !, 
  i recently picked up ` the first world war in 100 objects ' by gary sheffield . 
  it 's an interesting take on the war and it covers objects directly involved like the german pickelhaube ( what a name ) to objects only tangentially related like the irish proclamation of independence . 
  it 's been enjoyable so far i must say . 
  what do people most waste their time on ? '', 
  ` this survey . ', 
  i 'm sorry , in all seriousness i did actually enjoy filling it out . 
  unless they 're irish . 
  look guys , it 's not you - actually no hang on , it is completely you you food-withholding oppresing cunts . 
  ... point taken , actually no , no i think what we did to you was worse in retrospect . 
  that 's exactly what a lizard person * covering * for a lizard person would say ... 
  i think you mean / r/crepemasterrace, 
  i actually set that to my pd2 succesful end of day track , it 's so much better than the base one imo . 
  stupid deaths , stupid deaths , hope next time it 's not you !, 
  i loved flight, 
   buying an entire town so his workers could have nice places to live, 
  did n't lord cadbury also do something like this ? 
  if so what 's it with chocolate producers being outstanding human beings ? 
  not that i 'm complaining of course . 
  how does that saying go ? 
  ' a community that gets its humour from acting like idiots will soon be infiltrated by the idiots in question believing they are in good company ' ? 
   photon was an indoor laser tag type game we played in high school and early college, 
  we actually still have something like that near where i live , except in our case it 's called quasar , or well it was open last i checked but i have n't been there in some time . 
  shovel knight, 
  while it recieved much praise i did n't think that i 'd like it . 
  i was wrong , so very and happily wrong . 
  purchased in the last six days of 2014 it managed to become one of most favoured games from that year . 
  not any good places !, 
  but places !, 
  france has been the brunt of large coalition wars in several of my games . 
  never does any lasting damage to the bbb though . 
  there is a time and a place for ulm joke but it is currently neither . 
  i for one will be voting for / u/colorfull _ teacup , we do n't need any new times in this country let alone a 459pm . 
  what happened to pm 's 13 through 458 ?!, 
  i bet there 's a conspricary behind this !, 
  wahey / r/nightvale best podcast, 
  what game is this ? 
   ( there might be a tutorial but i skipped it ), 
  there is , but as i remember it was all text-based and not that helpful . 
  that was a really good article , good find / u/pumpedthriftshoppe, 
  my thoughts exactly , i am very confused here . 
  so basically what you 're saying is the seven dwarves have started a plot against the king ? 
  i wonder if they 'll get the spymaster involved , he 's always good for that plot power . 
   generals could n't adapt . 
  people saying they could n't adapt are missing the most interesting part of the great war : the fact that they did adapt , and the speed at which they did . 
  i recall watching a documentary that said for the first few weeks of the war the french kept trying to institute cavalry charges , only for them to naturally fail . 
  it did n't take them long to realise that it was n't simply the circumstances or leadership that were causing them to fail , but rather that the tactic was dated , and they dropped it . 
  they adapted because - as you say , they were n't idiots . 
   i know it 's an unpopular opinion around here, 
  rest easy in the knowledge that you 're not alone . 
  i went to a gaelscoil primary school and thus have spent most of my early life learing the language and i dispise it . 
  i think it 's an absolute waste of time and should be at most an option subject . 
  if we throw money at our screens will you consider it ? 
  or even just a ` thanks ! ', 
  voice command . 
  as in not the one that the mercs do anyway but the one that takes time to do by pressing buttons . 
  i make an effort to that for every medic that heals me . 
  i really like the idea of juxtaposer , mainly because it 's actually quite a clever name . 
  as a member of the diesism ` guild ' it is not so much that we dislike being called a ` guild ' but more that the main principle - the only one we can all agree on , is that the existence of religion guilds is nonsense . 
  from there , each member of the ` guild ' is free to believe whatever they choose to believe as long as they agree that religion guilds are a bit silly . 
  although even that notion leads to conflict , as some members of the ` guild ' believe different things about the religion guilds : while some believe they are wastes of time others believe that they should be allowed to carry on uninterupted . 
  deism is actually really hard to explain , using the idea of ` guilds ' makes it much easier . 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed it . 
  ras syndrome, 
  behold the might of the [ medi lands !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/nigt6hp ) for the record i started on majoraca , corisica , sicily , sardinia and malta . 
  i 'll post a bit more about the medi lands if you 're interested op , but i do n't want to write out its made-up history if there 's not interest . 
  i have mixed feelings about dalton , did n't he disregard avagdro 's theroies because they conflicted with his ? 
  the medi lands is an elective monarchy - as you may have figured out by that notification , formed by either independant kingdoms or parts of larger kingdoms that made up the five aforementioned islands . 
  my goal was to either expand into northern africa or italy , and after being declared war on twice by aragon and * twice * by tunis ( once at the same time ) and using the bbb , portugal and castile to beat them back i achieved that goal to an extent . 
  at the moment i own five/six provinces in africa and three in south italy , so all is going well . 
  europe is ... strange . 
  austria is huge , prussia is huge but sprawled , gb formed in 1556 for the first time ever in one of my games ( and owned parts of spain ) i realeased cataloyna and the ottomans destroyed the poor poles . 
  all in all lady luck has been on my side with lucky alliances , even at one point when i was forced to either go to war with gb and portugal on the side of france or lose france as an ally the gods graced me with a call to arms from portugal in an unrelated war which meant i could ignore france 's call without breaking the alliance . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do, 
  in order to answer this very complex question we need to first look at a concept known as corruption . 
  corruption - within a person , is the subtle leaning towards evil or malicious motives , often as the result of desire from the person to achieve a large amount of finance the fastest way possible . 
  placing one of these people in a seat of power , naturally leads them to using said power to achieve the aforementioned monetary goal . 
  in many cases these less-than-well off countries suffer from a corrupt ruler who sells off the country 's resources for money and withholds said funds from the population . 
  on the flipside corrupt leaders within the western hemisphere often pay these less-than-well of countries less than they deserve for the resources they extracted from the earth . 
  regardless of why the funds are n't reaching the population the fact remains that they are n't . 
  since the funds are n't reaching the people the infrastructure is n't built for modern businesses and factories which means there is a lack of employment which in turn means the people of the country are poor . 
  therefore the question you should be asking is not ` why do n't poor country just stop being poor and start getting richer ' but rather ` why do n't corrupt person just stop being corrupt and let the country start getting richer . ', 
  in what language may i ask ? 
  really , nicole ? 
  yeah , the lack of voice for the characters threw me off as an aside . 
  i believe that 's not the case in inquisition ? 
  i 'd love a weekly challenge !, 
  i 'm an avid world builder but i tend to see little reason to actually post them here , but i 'd love to be given some minor direction and/or limitations and asked to come up with a world/character/npc / etc. 
  based off it . 
  thank you for your detailed reply !, 
  i think i 'm sold . 
  yeah , i 'm so lucky i have a tech-savvy dad . 
  it 's funny , we often joke that i 'm a tech-support level one while he 's tech-support level two . 
  then when we both get stumped we just stand around the computer trying to will it back to working order . 
  `` guys the cops are bringing in pyromancers . '', 
  i imagine the people over at / r/citiesskylines might enjoy this . 
  it was a good try , i do n't think anyone can deny that . 
  would you like to join me in gesturing vaguely in the direction of ... something that i am protesting ?
