  we generally assume that ` oh , someone else will get it ' and while it 's sad and we all should probably do more , we are all human at the end of the day . 
  do n't worry , i did n't get a chance to get on my computer until now , but before even reading your edit it did n't sound sarcastic . 
  some people can just be contrary and trigger-happy with their downvotes . 
  i enjoyed tbs though i have yet to actually finish it . 
  despite the turn-based combat and the mechanics for managing those travelling with you , tbs is ultimately a graphic novel that just so happens to be within a game . 
  this is by no means a bad thing , there are moments when the gameplay adds to the story such as when you 're running low on supplies , people are dying but you have to keep on pressing forward because you might be killed otherwise . 
  the story is - in my opinion , fantastic and it would be worth the price for that alone . 
  it 's by no means a perfect game , but i 've enjoyed it a lot and i do think it 's well worth the asking price . 
  caelondia was the name of the nation before the calamity , the floating island hub was just the bastion iirc . 
  in my latest session i managed to aqquire a staff that lets the user cast wild shape and despite being * the only party member * who can use the bloody thing i can already feel the others plotting to take it from me . 
  it would be yeah . 
  staff can be a little ... finicky though , you have to imitate the sound of the animal you wish to turn into , which lead to me accidentally turning myself into a mute swan . 
  oh it absolutely was , ended up going up to the big boss we were fighting an smacking it with my powerful swan wings . 
  i feel like praying for viruses not to spread is oddly reminiscent of the cult mechanicus in 40k . 
  for different reasons, 
  with the ` heal me ' voice line i always try and use it more to announce ` i 'm about to die , just so you guys are aware ' in case anyone was relying on me to do anything . 
  always very nice when a mercy or whoever does actually swoop in though . 
  oh yeah i 'm aware she can see through walls ( try and jump between heroes myself ) just that not every mercy is quite as ... aware as you seem to be . 
  also widowmaker 's widow 's kiss rifle does perfectly fine damage unscoped so there 's nothing wrong with harassing the enemy for a bit , annoying them with venom mines then going back to sniping . 
  which is useful if you miss it or block your team with it . 
  zarya 's a fantastic pick in those games when no one wants to go support * or * tank . 
  sure she ca n't heal , but at least she can put her barrier on people . 
  same here . 
  tau sniper drone kit came without the see-through poles for flying models . 
  after a chat with a very helpful customer service rep , i had a bag of an abundance of poles free of charge within a week . 
  what 're you speaking german , brian ? 
  and on top of that , ( in ireland at least but i assume it works much the same in the uk ) getting caught drinking underage is n't the ` life ruiner ' it seems to be in the states . 
  well i 'm glad to hear it 's not a life-ruining situation in most cases . 
  still probably has worse outcomes than it does here , but regardless . 
  i love it when my party sees danger where there is none . 
  in my most recent campaign a puzzle seemed to have a simple solution : * put the correctly coloured books into the correspondingly marked slots . 
  the party refused to do so for ages because they felt it * had * to be a trap . 
  ^ * said ^ solution ^ was ^ not ^ so ^ simple ^ because ^ it ^ involved ^ finding ^ the ^ empty ^ books ^ of ^ the ^ marked ^ colour, 
  haha , that 's a cruel trick . 
  after a three-way world war , ( comintern vs allies , axis vs allies , protectorate ( american version of the comintern ) vs allies ) new zealand - the only place left untouched by the war , became the leader of the allies . 
  they do indeed, 
  three-way for britain , the poor sods . 
  playing ana , a genji once started reflecting the moment i went to put him to sleep . 
  resulted in him putting me to sleep . 
  i 've done this a couple of times myself . 
  nothing more fun than swearing fealty only to rise up in bloody revolution when your liege needs you most . 
  well you see sir , my family were all killed by the black death and i never inherited any of their titles . 
  i could have been a proud king but now i am only a lowly duke , ruling over a land torn by the plague and soon to be invaded by both the mongols and the aztecs . 
  truly my life is the subject of greek tragedies . 
  my players were very good at convincing me to let them do certain out-of-the-box things . 
  it usually worked out well ( or at least in a funny way ) and had memorable moments such as the time they converted cragmaw keep from the mines of phandelver campaign into an inn . 
  an inn , that i should add , was the seat of government for their newly formed monarchy . 
  a dm of a group i was in once made us play cluedo in the middle of a campaign , searching for who had killed the late lord of the manor knowing it had to be one of a pool of potential killers who all , convientely , wore different coloured clothes . 
  while it may be hard to implement , it defintely sounds like something that could be a lot of fun . 
  well obviously they 're trying to recruit tech priests . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you here , in saying that resource wars on a galactic level are highly unlikely , but i 'd like to take it a step further . 
  if we assume that the only reason we might have a war with aliens is for superiority or over ideological reasons , the question that i have to ask is : why ? 
  why bother ? 
  if the issue is superiority , i 'm sure there 's more than enough room for both of us in the vast emptiness of space . 
  if the issue is ideology then it could be harder to justify not going to war - if you honestly believe that an ideology is worth fighting for , but what you have to remember is - and this is obviously speculation , a space-war would probably be really expensive . 
  even if we could build a space fleet , and go fight them , that space fleet would undoubtedly be very expensive . 
  even if they had a world-destroying weapon ( a la a death star ) it would probably be very energy-costly to fire . 
  then you 'd also have to consider that , hey , maybe they 're ethical beings . 
  maybe they had a couple of ` great wars ' and came to the conclusion that a modern ( or in this case , very post-modern ) war is not fun for anyone involved . 
  i like to hold an optimistic view , especially when it seems common to think that we 'd either slaughter the aliens or they 'd slaughter us . 
   in fact , earth has enough iron at its core to produce 2 billion death stars -- a veritable death galaxy . 
  okay , so resources are n't an issue ( the price still is , as is time ; oh boy is that a lot of time ) but i feel that , if we 're gon na go ahead and take all the iron from the core of either our own planet or another planet , it might be worth just sodding the whole ` planet ' business and building a dyson ring . 
  very interesting article though !, 
  are you trying to tell me it is n't a crow ? 
  the ostrich makes more sense though, 
  from my experience the ai will usually try and defend a port , if they have the men available to do so . 
  however , they will not defend the state 's entire coastline so if you land next to the port , you can attack it without getting the naval invasion malus . 
  we also have a minority government in ireland at the moment . 
  it 's not slated to hold for very long , but it 's nice that it can happen at all . 
  after my sydonian dragoon successfully rolled three 6s on denying a rather powerful spell he gained the nickname ` the despeller ' . 
  [ alchemists ] ( https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/161970/alchemists ) is a fantastic board/phone hybrid . 
  you can play without a phone but really , it 'd painful to do so . 
  someone said above about this giving sense to the scale of deserts . 
  makes arrakis all that less appealing , does n't it ? 
  [ it 's never the wrong subreddit to purge heresy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8uky0e0.jpg ), 
  ` kafkaesque ' refers to [ franz kafka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_kafka ) a fantastic czech ( bohemian ? 
  austro-hungarian ? ), 
  writer ( who wrote in german as it happens ) . 
  his work is very ... surreal to say the least . 
  * ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibs_auf ) is one of his shorter pieces that still somewhat captures his weird style . 
  iirc the metamorphosis is n't all that long either . 
  definitely worth the read ( s ) . 
  ah well , maybe someone will have found it useful, 
  as someone once said , justice rains from the side or behind more effectively than it rains from above, 
  fizzy drinks ( namely 7up or sprite ) have been so often used as a remedy for upset stomachs here in ireland that ` flat 7up ' is a stereotypical cure-all, 
  r5 : muscovy formed russia while novgorod still exists . 
  novgorod 's green is very similar to russia 's . 
  it was definitely a show that knew when to be serious and when to be funny . 
  lake laogai for me remains a very creepy arc , for example . 
  do n't know why you got downvoted there . 
  this is nearly ten years later but [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ogck2xe.jpg ) the current situation in europe . 
  poor novgorod was found : c, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  novogorod might have popped out of russia at some point ? 
  tbh i have n't really been watching eastern europe all that closely . 
  brandenblob was doing very well for itself before the commonwealth-russia war ( in which they sided with the poles ) started going badly . 
  myself and a ( seperate ) coalition tore them to pieces . 
  they 're holding on , but they lost pomerania and silesia as well as some of their northern holdings to me . 
  i mean it 's worth noting that up until recently france had both england and austria in a pu . 
  so the game manages to still be its usual ahistoric self .
