  what was your favourite part of avatar ? 
  op i 'm truly sorry to hear this , i thank you for sharing it with us though and i wish you the best of luck in life ; stay strong my friend . 
  the fact that you have n't included roleplaying or at least an other section in question 2 annoys me . 
  as a game it 's ok , but as an x-com game it pales in comparision to it 's turn-based counter parts . 
  now i know some people will say `` but x-com : eu and the bureau are two totally different games ! '', 
  that does n't excuse it being a sub-par game . 
  the problem with it is it 's a great idea , but poorly executed . 
  the ai is frankly very stupid and i feel they 've never heard of the idea of `` self preservation '' . 
  commanding the ai is very clunky as well , i often found myself ordering a squad mate onto the side of the wall that is exposed to the aliens as opposed to the one that gives cover because i was also trying to order my engineer to drop a turret and single handedly defeat the aliens . 
  and that leads me onto my next point , unless an ai uses an ability like the turret or the one that deals a lot of damage to one alien the ai wo n't really help much . 
  i found myself gunning down the majority of the aliens which is fine until you get into the later missions where ammo is scarce and the aliens are plentiful . 
  it 's a shame really , because the premise is great , but the execution is poor . 
  i would n't call myself educated on nuclear energy , but i do know that unless the unlike event of something going wrong it is very safe , clean and efficent . 
  so , for better or for worse i 'm nuclear energy until some one can give me a good reason why i should n't be . 
  could you pass me over some toilet paper then ? 
  thank you , i 'll take the definetely-not-goat-people . 
  i 'll go install these pronto , many thanks . 
  i 'm going to go get the xs corporation mechs mod ( can you imagine a peglaci in one of those ? 
  `` you will co-operate peacefully . 
  or not , i do n't really care i 've got a mech . '' ), 
  and i 'll note down the others for future possible use . 
  looks like it might be , i 'll most likely download this one in the future and have a mess around with it . 
  oh now this looks fun . 
  i recently got the chemistry mod so i think it 's time for my avali to become a mad scientist . 
  i have just the image for this !, 
  just one second ... 
  and we would have no way of proving if they are actually real memories ... http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/633043075550958331/357e429bcc3b90f6e264f5783ccfa09533fda934/, 
  i was on the bridge of a cargo barge then , transporting iron down the rhine to be processed into god knows what . 
  it was a stunning day , the sunlight reflected off the murky water and the trees waved gently in the wind as if someone was running their hand along them . 
  there was not another ship in sight and the river was straight for next few kilometers . 
  as i stood there i suddenly felt the ship shake , almost like the wake of another barge had passed under us . 
  i looked around the bridge , to confirm that we were in fact the only vessel on the river , and then to my first mate . 
  his confused gaze meet mine and we stared at each other in silence until , without a word , we moved outside to examine the situation . 
  once outside i promptly leaned on the cold metal railing and he stood next to me , with his hands on his hips . 
  i looked to him again for advice , but as he opened his mouth to speak the barge shook again . 
  i rose my right hand and licked my finger in an attempt to tell the wind speed and direction , we both knew that there was not enough wind to rock us and that it was coming from behind , but i needed to look as if i was in control of the situation . 
  out of the corner of my eye i saw several members of the crew gathering on the deck below and i turned to look down at them , like a warden looking at a prison yard . 
  a few of them turned to look at me and i opened my mouth to speak when an even larger tremor hit us . 
  in front of us we saw a huge splash as if someone had just dropped a whale into the center of the river . 
  from the core of the splash an oval like silhouette was rising , like a sleek black missile . 
  i raised my hand to cover my face in order to view it without being blinded . 
  as the object rose it began to expand itself from the center , like a large bird extending its wings . 
  ` large bird ' would soon turn out to be the worst comparision one could draw to it . 
  once it reached the apex of its rising it fell backwards - or forwards , it was impossible to tell , and swooped toward us . 
  in my peripheral vision i saw some of the crew running back inside but the majority of them were as stunned as i was . 
  with a mighty flap - of what i assumed were wings , it rose , and continued to beat them in order to hover in front of the barge , as we slowly crawled toward it . 
  my first mate , more aware then i , ran inside and promptly brought the ship to a halt , and we were left to view this creature from an unchanging distance . 
  my eyes adjusted slightly to the light and i could make out more of its features . 
  it was black in colour , with what appeared to be scales and what were definitely wings . 
  its feet were like massive talons and it appeared to be without arms . 
  its eyes were a reptile like yellow and they were all that stood out on the creature . 
  `` drache ! '', 
  one of the crew below suddenly shouted , and as if a hypnotist had clicked his fingers the rest of the crew we running for their lives . 
  some ran to life boats , others indoors and i saw a few jump over board . 
  a handful , like me , stood in awe of the beast . 
  i heard the bridge door opening behind me and the frantic arguement between the crew member and the first mate . 
  the creature remained in place i felt it was almost staring at me , as if it knew i was in charge . 
  my theroy was aided when my first mate pulled me inside and the creature finally responded . 
  it let out a deafening roar and landed on the ship , its talons ripping through the hull and causing any lose crates and containers to bounce over board . 
  i could n't see what the creature did next as my first mate was dragging me down the stairs by that point , but i heard the ripping of metal and felt the ship shake violently as the creature began to attack it . 
  i was almost thrown into the lifeboat and had little time to react before we plumetted into the water and began drifting away from the barge . 
  finally i regained control of my actions and looked around the lifeboat . 
  i could see five men - other than my first mate and two women . 
  one of them had a phone out and it sounded like he was informing the authorities . 
  the wake from the shaking ship eventually sent us to the shore and we emerged from our orange pod in time to see the creature launch itself from the barge with such force that it almost sank then and there . 
  the creature flew with awe-inspiring speed down river and we wasted no time in heading up river to the nearest town . 
  it took us nearly an hour to stumble into the nearest village and clearly our creature was n't the only one . 
  the village was standing and its people alive but a large amount of the buildings had gapping holes in them . 
  while we could n't see the source we heard what we assumed to be a policeman with a megaphone explaining to the people to remain calm and that help would be here shortly . 
  sure enough the next thing we heard was the chopping like sound of helicopters blades , followed by more until about five helicopters were circling over head , searching for a place to land . 
  i glanced around the group for a course of action only to find that they had all began to run toward the helicopters landing zone . 
  originally we were going to be one of the last people to be evacuated from the town , but the man who was on the phone in the lifeboat was able to explain that we too had been attacked and we were escorted to another helicopter that must of landed while we were arguing , as this one was small and sleek where as the other ones were long and crude . 
  the helicopter pilot and military offical spared no time in forcing us onto the craft and we took off before we could ask any questions . 
  we began to fly back in the direction that we came , and out one of the windows i saw a squadron of fighters flying parrallel to us , but i guessed it was coincidence as they were too far away to be flying with us . 
  suddenly the aircraft made a hard bank right , away from the fighters and i soon saw why . 
  another creature , this one as green as the grass below was making a bee-line for the squadron . 
  at last the military offical began to speak to us . 
  he explained that no one was really sure what was going on , but that germany appeared to be the only country experiencing this . 
  he told us that the german government had made the decision to capture as many of these creatures - which he confirmed were dragons , as possible . 
  when i asked where we were being taken he responded simply with ` away from here ' but never said if ` here ' was germany or if here was simply the rhineland . 
  after flying for nearly two hours and a half hours we found out that ` here ' was in fact germany as we touched down in what appeared to be england . 
  upon landing we greeted by several landing crews all of which spoke english with varying english accents . 
  the offical told us to follow him and we did so without question . 
  he lead us across the runway to the nearby hanger . 
  in the hanger was several old planes and it felt like oddly out of place in an airfield with a helicopter as advanced as the one we arrived in . 
  i quickly deduced that here was n't the airfield they wanted to land in , but rather the one their fuel forced them to land in . 
  as we exited the light and entered the hanger the military offical 's phone began to rang , he answered it and began speaking in german to the person on the other end . 
  after he hung up he stopped in his tracks , slowly putting the phone in his pocket . 
  one of the women in the group asked him what the problem was and he turned to face her . 
  his eyes could n't seem to maintain eye-contact with her and he explained that the un wants to tame these dragons , instead of just killing them off after researching them as was orginally intended . 
  suddenly a thought struck me , `` what will happen to germany ? '', 
  i asked . 
  he turned to face me and paused for a moment , almost taken back by the question . 
  `` germany will be - will be evacuated , completely and ... '' he trailed off for a moment , `` and set up as a containment zone in which to research and tame the dragons . '', 
  a silence went around the group , and whatever had gripped the offical took hold in us . 
  `` everyone will be rehoused and ... life will continue as normal . 
  we were going to use you as ... information on how the creatures - dragons , act in aiding in their capture but that does n't seem necessary anymore as their behaviour will be examined within the zone ... '', 
  we stood in stunned silence for what felt like a lifetime until he finally explained that he would take us to a nearby shelter and within the next two months we would be relocated and if we had any family in germany that survived they would be relocated with us . 
  even now i have trouble believing how quick the global reaction was , it had been nothing like in the movies , where the governments either know about it beforehand or take an age to react . 
  this was rapid and without grace .
