  regardless i think this is my favourite response in this thread . 
  i got into the game with a group of friends and heists that i ca n't bear to do with randoms i can do and have a blast with those friends . 
  judging by what churchill went on to say afterwards i feel it was more of a `` right you 've taken it , do you have the balls to follow through ? '', 
  sort of thing . 
  [ i too have one of those ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/633043075550958331/357e429bcc3b90f6e264f5783ccfa09533fda934/ ), 
   * the huntsman arrow can headshot light classe when not fully charged , so if you 're facing one on close range to you you can just click and release and pray it 's a headshot . 
  i often refer to my huntsman as a ` shotgun ' for this very reason when playing with friends . 
  i really like the idea of the heavy mini-gun and spy revolver . 
  ok , would someone kindly and calmly explain to me just who is in the right in this conflict . 
  i ask this here because i know in other parts of reddit i know some people would just blindly yell about putin being evil or something . 
  `` guys , we need that safe open . '', 
  these drills take time , bain . 
   people do n't ever consider themselves to be that ` somebody ' if there are other people around, 
  it 's the bystander effect , and it 's the most annoying thing whether it 's a life-or-death sceanario or a payday lobby . 
  well if old hoxton has taught us anything it 's to never rob the north pole . 
  `` you 're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off . '', 
  i love the avian ( aviant ? 
  i do n't know , it 's been too long since i 've played ) perched on the railing with a shotgun . 
  pre-order now for the assassin 's creed add-on pack, 
  for agaaaaaathhha, 
  slapped a laser onto my sig .40 and i call it the pistol sniper . 
  for good reason . 
  as one of the people who is subbed to both this subreddit and / r/europe i 'd like to clarify i 'm here so i can get both sides of the story , not bash russians . 
  yeah i 'd imagine you 're right , i 'm a lurker here and there . 
  but as someone who was actually subbed here prior to this i have noticed more people coming here to just bash russian , passive-aggresively or not . 
  one of my console gaming friends wanted to organise a console gaming team in my school once . 
  it fell to me and my master race brother to explain that to get anywhere seriously you 'd need to go with pcs . 
  it 's not that he did n't believe us , he just stood his ground , i wish i could have sent him this . 
  the arguement is not the lack of games , but that so few games on the next-gen consoles can run at 60fps , while they could on the ps1 . 
  although you are right , if anything it should be a percentage as opposed to a raw number . 
  mine is end , and my interact is page down and i have yet to fuck up a stealth mission by accidentaly throwing a grenade . 
  i 'm very proud of myself . 
  so basically i should get a bit more into vanilla before making the plunge ? 
  sure 'll be grand . 
  ireland 's going for the gold this olympics you know . 
  `` who are these guys ?!, 
  ex-valve employees ?! '', 
  or if valve is n't your thing :, 
  `` who are these guys ?!, 
  ex-id employees ?! '', 
  look , all i 'm saying is cloaker dozer . 
  drops from the ceiling yelling `` bulldozer !, 
  coming through ! '', 
  perhaps , i mean it would makes sense since if you have ~ 1.5 million players having bought the game and buying dlc you do n't exactly need the money anymore . 
  that said i think many players would be annoyed and see it as the devs going `` thanks for getting all these people to play our game !, 
  your reward ? 
  oh the money you spent on the game is now worthless have fun ! '', 
  i read this as meat sneakers the first time . 
  i was very confused . 
  x-com : enemy unknown is the first thing that comes to mind , but if you 're into the more survival vein dungeon of the endless might be your thing . 
  when i first upgraded my pc , the first thing i did was log into dishonored and go into the first mission in the knife of dunwall . 
  that whaling yard was so fucking beautiful . 
  ireland could be interesting , since we have more than two political parties ( albeit there are two stronger than others really but still ), 
  i 'm always getting shot by some cop outside the benevolant bank while i 'm on the crane in the big bank heist . 
  `` wow , look at these deposit boxes !, 
  let me saw them open and we can buy some of our own ! '', 
  * `` listen mate , you 're not the one who has sit around on his arse all fuckin ' day so of course i 'm going to mess with this thing from time to time . '', 
  * `` you know you can take yer fuckin ' regulations and shove them up yer arse , i 'm just trying to make the night pass quicker . '', 
  * `` you and me , we 're in the same boat mate . 
  hangin ' about while nothin ' happens . 
  i 'm sure you can understand what it 's like . '', 
  anytime i got close to doing anything z-com would come around and ruin my day . 
  they alone have made me appreciate the struggle the aliens must go through . 
  the fbi files , i really want to know what those are . 
  i would think that when crimefest was first announced there was a scramble for any current pd2/pd : h players who were n't in the group to join it . 
  i 'd imagine that then will die down a bit in time and we 'll be left with a steadier stream of people buying the game and joining the group , but not in the thousands per hour . 
  my thoughts exactly , net neutrality might be getting fucked over in america , but amercia = / = the entire internet . 
  the eu courts already voted in favour of net neutrality , nothing the us congress does is going to run that for us unless it influences companies here to try and follow suit with american isps , and then actually get somewhere with eu courts , which i doubt will happen . 
  yeah well too bad , you 're getting gold anyway . 
  you deserve it , the last time i read a wp as moving as this one was the one about the guy who met his mother and his wife in hell while he was in heaven , and the guy had written so his mother was his wife . 
  your response however was very down to earth and just plain amazing . 
  side note : if you 're doing the ` disguise-as-your-own-team-and-die-with-dr ' trick , try and disguise as someone without hats , then the enemy is more likely to believe you died in a stupid way . 
  * operationpaperclip * i do n't know why i choose this , it was just the first thing that came to my mind when i woke up . 
  for the love of god do n't open up an overkill lobby while you 're still a low level . 
  i 've seen so many low-level people open up lobbies of that difficulty . 
  by all means join one of those lobbies if you want to learn from the more experienced players but you 'll have a hard time attracting them if you host the lobby . 
  it used to be wolf , since he 's the only european in the group and i myself am european . 
  but then i switched to dallas , and i just love him . 
  i play a masterghost and i just love the idea of being completely in control of the situation at all times , one of my friends even said to me at one point while i was playing with my regular crew : `` you really are the mastermind , you 're always shouting out orders and keeping everything in control by the sounds of it . '', 
  and that just cemented my love for playing as the character . 
  `` yeah ... let me just ... check on that ... '', 
   thanatos just because they think it 's a god weapon that instantly wins the heist, 
  i think the issue is they see 2580 damage or whatever the damage is , and immediatly think they will win the game with that amount of damage . 
  i frequently bring a thanatos with me on higher difficulties to deal with dozers quickly and to help stop shields overwhelming us if my teammates are bringing weapons that can deal with the regular guys easily , so we 're not getting crippled . 
  i also bring my pistol with the highest ammo pool so i can use that to out the regular police . 
   completely different voice from that of simon viklund . 
  i brought this up with one my friends and he suggested that bain is acting like that , cold and a bit of an asshole ( since he 's rather nice to the crew but he acts like an ass in the web series ) that it 's possible that the bain we see in the web series is acting like a hard ass to seem more credible to his contacts while the bain the crew sees is closer to the actual bain . 
  it 's called ` drifting ' by the way and you can download it for free [ here . 
  ] ( http://overkillsoundtracks.bandcamp.com/track/drifting-single ) just in case you did n't know . 
   it 's important to break hoxton out because his imprisonment is what ended the payday gang 's first streak . 
  yeah i can see that , it 's kind of a message ` you can never stop us ' from crimenet and the payday gang in general , because remember daxter 's ( if that 's how you spell it ) gang never bounced back after their failed heist as according to dallas . 
  yes bain 's true face and indentity are a mystery even to the crew . 
  we do know however that his favourite colour is blue . 
  the crew are good actors , gage has a good actor so do hector and the elephant , but that female fbi agent has so many cringeworthy moments . 
  if the comments section is to be believed gage 's actor much like the elephant 's is a real actor . 
  that is to say , a professional actor with experience . 
  to put it in the words of cgp grey , we are internauts . 
   the escapes are already really fast paced because of the point of no return, 
  i love the garage escape for this reason . 
  you spawn in , the music picks up and it 's like `` bam you have less than five minutes !,
