  it 's just non-stop high octane action for that entire escape i love it . 
  actually that looks like the ` plot ' of the web series . 
  if you can say it had a plot . 
  sir , may i direct you to / r/karmaconspiracy, 
  i feel that one really captures wilson 's image later game , good work !, 
  you said in the comments for the video that in the :, 
   short term concerned , long term hopeful, 
  do you mind clarifying how you think things will unfold in the video for those who have n't read through all your reddit comments ? 
  a packet of thin mints, 
  but jamaica got a bob sled team . 
   ask your sparring partner, 
  i ca n't emphasise this enough , one of the people who is going to have the most insight into how your getting your ass-kicked is the person kicking your ass . 
  discuss the fight with them , you 'll learn something from it and they may even learn something from it as well . 
  `` if a man does his best , what else is there ? '', 
  - george s. patton, 
  this has n't changed my life so much as it has made things easier . 
  i often think to myself : `` have i done the best i could ? 
  if yes , then i have nothing to fear . '', 
  cool runnings says it was based on a true story but the writers took a huge amount of creative liberty with the story . 
  yep , great movie though . 
  well to be fair , the metro series has been established as good games so i think it 's fair enough if people want to go preorder the redux if they do n't already own the original 2033 and ll . 
   maybe i should take my fat ass and my luggage and move to the right . 
  no , never mind . 
  i 'll just stand right fucking here in the middle of the sidewalk . '', 
  this is why i hate walking down crowded streets in cities . 
  it always seems to be up to me to move out of the way . 
  i know i do , and everybody i know does . 
  although they 're irish but close enough . 
  empire of the smokey skies , hands down , best civ5 sceanario . 
  i just love the new units , the land ironclads being my favourites . 
  bought a victorinox swiss army knife while in austria ( because i was not buying one in switzerland where i guessed it would be overpriced ) and i have to say it is amazing quality for only $ 18 . 
  a very long walk off a very short pier . 
  yeah well yer all toerags anyway . 
  well i could n't find it since you appear to have never commented in it , unless its / r/oldschoolcool because that 's the only odd one out from / r/askreddit and the one that was something like intj , and oldschoolcool has nothing to do with videogames from the mid-90 's . 
  in other words well played / u/liddl . 
  yes i did n't see that until afterwards , oh well it was fun reading through your comments . 
  that 's a pretty sunny day you shit where do you live . 
  spent a few weeks in the russian subreddit and i saw similar kinds of people , anyone not supporting russia was immediatly pro-us and therefore crazy and out of their minds . 
  it was basically the worst people from the pro-us side on the pro-ru side . 
  shall we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight ? 
  never doubt it . 
  i love the drunkness in his eyes . 
  well to be fair the english sometimes claim famous irish people are ` british ' so i would n't get your hopes up . 
  yes but we 're not british , we kind of fought over the right to be able to say that . 
  if you do make a book or series out of it you should name it devil 's advocate . 
  great read by the way , i 've passed this onto so many of my friends . 
  ... we say cheers here in ireland as well ... 
  actually to be fair , a lot of what the british say we say . 
  did he just wake up this morning and say `` i 'm going to steal a cow '' ? 
  getting more than 10 internet points on a comment . 
  i would actually call this conspiracy plausible . 
  yeah i know , i saw the original post , hence plausible and not correct . 
  they kind of are black holes , in the sense that they abosrb all light that enters them . 
  if his ` unconquerable enemy ' is who i think it is , then this is some quality writing . 
  ahhhh eu4 , just united ireland in my own game and myself and britain are busy going reverse viking on the norweigns . 
  should mention i 'm using the extended timelines mod . 
  high ping , simple as . 
  cheers mate . 
  cheers . 
  to add to this , the sub for ` what ifs ' is / r/historicalwhatif, 
  a true warrior dons a mask that instils fear into the hearts ' of his enemies . 
  was there any country that joined the eu that you were very sure was n't going to ? 
  this made me cringe reading it . 
  not the poem that was fantastic but the whole sceanario of a ruined heist because one idiot ran through the lasers , bravo well written . 
   also , that game has no real incentive to play in large groups/guilds . 
  which by the way if you are into rp gw2 is actually a pretty good place for it if you can peg the right people and get into the good guilds . 
  we 're good n ' decent farmers and he thinks he can come ` round ` ere with his knowledge . 
  wonder if it describes well the relationship that will come there after . 
  sign me up . 
  i read it as ` devent evidence pointing towards a real johnny depp ' and thought we had already started delving into the land of myths . 
  wow , look at these moonrocks !, 
  we 're in the wrong line of work , gentlemen . 
  you do realise the eu voted in favour of it yes ? 
  that 's quite the step in the right direction despite what 's happening with the fcc and the american internet providers in america . 
  i quite like this colourising , but i have to wonder if operation market garden is where the market gardener from tf2 gets its name . 
  the eu have also voted in favour of net neutrality , so in my eyes we do n't feel the dire need to push for it as much as those in the u.s do . 
  that does n't stop me signing every petition i can as a non-us citizen though . 
  how . 
  much . 
  on a related note i hate when people say : `` oh you 're wrong for trying to follow your dreams , you wo n't become what you want to be . '', 
  and that 's simply not true . 
  by giving up you certainly wo n't get there , but there 's no reason you wo n't get there if you keep trying . 
  someone has to fill the role of what you want to do , it might as well be you . 
  thermal shield confirmed new gensec unit . 
  clearly the peasants who say pcs are so expensive live in australia , my heart goes out to you our austrlian brethren . 
  disregarding the fact that both are on sale would you say aslyum is worth more for your money or city ? 
  130 myself , bought it the same time as you but i 'm an avid rper so i kind of do n't have the time . 
  well i do have the time but you know what i mean . 
  i 've never played aow iii but el is a lot of fun and if you ever played endless space and enjoyed it you 'll probably like this . 
  it 's got some interesting aesthetic hints to it as well like a tilt-shifted view on the camera that make the game look fantastic . 
  it 's a fun game with several in depth factions and has interesting game mechanics such as the summers and winters , it is imo worth your money but again , i never played aow iii . 
  god speed good european . 
  oh man el is so nice to look at it . 
  it 's got a great medieval fantasy soundtrack as well that fits perfectly . 
  send over a team will we ? 
  sort 'em out . 
  he never really died , sure it 's all a conspriacy . 
  well there 's nothing stopping you , it just is n't compulsary anymore . 
  paraphrase from the original qoute so do n't kill me please : `` live life by your own virtues , for if there be gods , and if they be just , they will not care how much of your life you wasted praying , but will measure you based on how you lived your life . 
  and if there be gods , and they be not just , then you should n't be worshipping them anyway . '',
