would it kill them to make a volume slider ? 
  it 's cool music , i even like it . 
  but i like my eardrums a little more . 
  my favourite number 's red . 
  i personally think it would be cool if you could run at and pin a robot . 
  the fighting in sir pretty much revolves around guerilla ( not sure if that 's the correct spelling , but anyway ) tactics , be it getting the jump on the robots or setting up traps . 
  now , think about how cool it would be if you came across a patrol of two robots and all you have is an axe . 
  you manage to get close using stealth and run out an tackle the one at the back , pinning him . 
  you hit over the head with your axe a few times and kill him . 
  then you stand up turn around and chop up his mate . 
  a nice hit and run that made you richer . 
  obviously there would be disadvatages like you 're easier to shoot and so on but it would certainly help liven up the combat a bit in my opinion . 
  i 'm not sure how hard it would be to implement but since the dogs already pin you i ca n't imagine it being to too hard . 
  ` so there 's this thing called a [ fort/trading post/whatever else ] we know what it looks like , what it 's called , how it works , even what it does !, 
  but we do n't know how to make it yet . ', 
  unfortunatly i do n't think there 's a non-biased place to post it on the internet . 
  how about missles ? 
  or ... or laser-guided missiles !, 
  nor would it be mine , that said : i would n't post it on reddit either ( unless there 's a tottaly-not-biased-against-the-video-game-violence-debate subreddit ) because that 's the other side of biased . 
  shhhh ... just appreciate it ... 
  is it just me or does spy actually look kind of like scout . - . 
  i like the second last one where it looks like spy is trying to cheer scout up . 
  can i like all them ? 
  because i like most of them . 
  but if i had to narrow it down i would say : raelynn , yuri , leon and froggy g. 
  world order - machine civilization . 
  it 's got an amazing beat and tune to it and even if i ca n't understand what he 's saying most of the time i still like the sound of the words . 
  ok , i 'm not sure if this really counts since some of the words are in english but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  * spit takes his drink * so we 've finally come to the point where we can actually recreate those old herobrine summoning videos from a year or two ago , in the game , with commands . 
  what amazes me is not that you built this and hid it well . 
  but that you were n't killed in the process . 
  medic is spy !, 
  or alternatively , medic is heavy !, 
  what was the inspiration behind ftl ? 
  was it simply : `` let 's make a really cool space game where you command the crew and divert the power as you wish and so on '' ? 
  yeah the star trek influence is pretty obvious . 
  i find myself always shouting : `` divert all power to shields ! '', 
  and the like when playing :3, 
  that the chances of my existing and being friends with who know and living where i am and surviving this low and so on are very low but happened anyway . 
  and it 's definatly more fast paced than dota , league or any other of the major moba 's, 
  arrow keys for movement . 
  for last gun . 
  ' # ' to reload, 
  mousewheel to cycle the weapons i do n't bother using the catergories . 
  numpad 0 for taunt and numpad one for special taunt ( highfive etc. ), 
  numpad 5 to spray . 
  mouse 1 to fire, 
  mouse 2 alt-fire, 
  i used to believe that the crows in my country ( ireland ) used to turn on the lights at night . 
  am i the only one who 's kind of reminded of that one movie ` valiant ' i think it was . 
  what ? 
  the artemis fowl series . 
  i was about 6 or 7 i think . 
  i was in my local libary with my mom and she suggested that i read one of the books in the series . 
  my first response was `` but it 's huge '' but i read it and i have n't looked back since . 
  see people of ireland ? 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things !, 
  i 've shuffled a deck of cards , and chances are the order has never been done before . 
  this is true , but the possiblity still remains that it could be the first random shuffle of its kind . 
  well thanks guys . 
  now time to go hurt my wallet . 
  * goes and spends furiously *, 
  * starts writing riviting speech about independence and micheal collins *, 
  # 10 if it was a stand-alone multiplayer shooter or # 10 in general ? 
  because i 'd argue that the story alone is worth a little more than that . 
  coupled with , as you say , the large and filled open world . 
  ah fair enough . 
  only build building that 's you feel you will need . 
  for example in my current game ( brave new world ) i have n't built a barracks or anything like that , for a few reasons : 1 . 
  i 'm not going for a domination victory , i 'm going for a cultural 2 . 
  i buy most of my army if ever i need it 3 . most of the other empires seems to either like me or wo n't attack me because every city state on the map and at least 2 empires would attack them . 
  for this reason i do n't need most of the military buildings ( i still build walls of course ) . 
  tl ; dr if it 's got maintence and you do n't need it for your victory , do n't build it . 
  i too like the camp idea , i think it would work well in the mountains and fens , not so much in the rural or industrial areas . 
  true , but i like the feeling of the rural area being packed with robots , little space and little time to rest . 
  this may seem like a useless comment , but i can answer one of them so i said why not . 
  for 2 . 
  if you have two traps , a weapon and some kind of distraction , set the traps up in a small passage - it does n't have to be between two houses , rocks will work fine , side by side . 
  wait around the corner , throw the distraction . 
  if you 're lucky both will get trapped , if not deal with the other one first . 
  if you have a gun just shoot him but otherwise just make sure you catch him by surprise ; you could also use yourself to lure him into the trap . 
  one last thing . 
  clean up as fast as you can . 
  if other robots come by they 'll notice something , even if you 're long gone they 'll patrol the area . 
  if you are n't gone it 'll be much easier to sneak past them if they 're not actively looking for you . 
  i do n't think there 's any kind of crit mechanic in the game as of yet . 
  the obvious spot would be the head with a gun , but if you ask me i 'd just hit them and be done with it . 
  i have a name you know ; - ;, 
  go make a cathedral now please . 
  silly jayster95 , you ca n't drink a cat . 
  trust me i 've tried . 
  the world congress is the revamped diplomacy victory thing in the late game in brave new world . 
  should you have brave new world it appears when someone gets the printing press ( or some other condition ) . 
  having an embassy means going into the trade option and using the ` accept embassy ' option . 
  you need writing * i think * to offer it other civs , it allows for more advanced dimplomacy options like research agreements and defensive pacts once you have the required tech . 
  14 , i hope to go into software development in the future . 
  i once snuck past two hunters in a duel . 
  just for refrence ( from another topic i made in regards to sir , you 're being hunted ) :, 
   mine was when i was sneaking up to a fragment and i could hire gun fire in the distance , i looked over and saw two robots having a duel or some kind of fight . 
  i ignored it and pressed on .
