  the same happens if they 're on the edge of the footpath and i drive past normally . 
  it 's a bit immersion breaking . 
  * this game is impossible to run . 
  i have a pretty decent rig , i can run the withcer 2 on high setting and skyrim with mods on ultra high . 
  you 'd expect then for me to be able to run this game without fps drops even on the lowest settings and yet there they are . 
  but aside from those and a few other things the game is really interesting . 
  i 'm a big fan of the hacking and the digital trips ( spider tank works really well ) as well as the crime stopping mechanic . 
  but there are some things that really need to be worked on before i can call this a great game . 
  a gun that shoots a large metal rod at the target at incredible speeds that deals extra damage based on the distance it travelled ( basically a [ rod from god ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kinetic_bombardment ) in your hand ), 
  kind of , but more high powered and more blunt . 
  question , is the cancer death rate percentage higher today because less people are dying from the other categories or is there legimately more people dying of cancer ? 
  we must use our more precise aim to our advantage !, 
  ehh , unrelated i suppose but how did you get those extra ui elements ? 
  is it an hud mod or a setting i overlooked ? 
  ah , thanks for the info . 
  i 'll go check it out . 
  maybe we should start a kickstarter . 
  i like that title actually . 
  there was operation epsilon , which while the information was sent on to the americans involved detaining the scientists at farm hall , godmanchester , england . 
  [ according to this site  ( http://libserv.aip.org:81/ipac20/ipac.jsp?uri=full=3100001~!4080~!0&amp;profile=newcustom-icos ), 
  `` transcripts of translations of secretly recorded conversations of ten german scientists detained by the british government at farm hall , godmanchester , england from may 1 through december 1945 . 
  the detainment was known as `` operation epsilon , '' and the transcripts were sent as reports by the british military officers in charge to their superiors . 
  these reports were then forwarded to the u.s. war department through the military attache at the british embassy . '', 
  so while the german scientists were detained by the british the work was done on behalf of the americans . 
  while i understand this is n't exactly what you were looking for i could n't find anything else on other operations . 
  it would appear then that it was the americans most conducting the operations , but in the case of operation epsilon it was the british actually doing the detaining and listening , which was sent to british officers then to the americans . 
  faster than light travel . 
  to the other side . 
  i appreciate the descrption of the photo ,, 
   lough owel , yesterdays sun set again . 
  glad you told me man i was worried something was wrong . 
  jokes aside this is a really nice picture , props to the guy who took it . 
  ireland really is beautiful on the rare occassion the sun does shine , last summer myself and a friend were at a beach and the view was picture-esque . 
  not a bad idea , we 'll see how it goes first though . 
  cheers for the links , i 'll go look into them . 
  what would a miss pauling class even do ? 
  i 'd be up for that . 
  the squire is n't it ? 
  time to fall back on the economy . 
  ah , i assumed the squire 's were the only neutral enemies . 
  ok , am i the only person who does n't get these problems with uplay ? 
  `` seduce me '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` seduce me ! '', 
  well you see commander , we have used cloaker technology to create stealth weaponary . 
  as you can see the device is completely invisible . 
  we 've yet to find a practical use for it however . 
  the man 's right you know . 
  my father once took part in a project called ` the orbo ' which was a very therotical form of renewable energy that unfortunatly did n't really work , but at the time when there was still hope many oil companies had actually displayed an interest in the project . 
  at the end of the day they understand that one day oil is going to go and they want their money to stay . 
  quinn : vault sends you back a different distance based on where you are relative to your target ( if you 're far away you land close to them , if you 're close to them you land far away , it 's great for escapes ; they never see it coming ), 
  speaking of aced inspire , am i the only mastermind who will take a step back so i can shout at a team-mate when they fall at my feet instead of revive them the normal way , since it 's faster and looks a hell of a lot more impressive ? 
  going to jump on the bandwagon a bit late here to sort of reiterate one of the key points brought up : the learning curve . 
  this game has a pretty steep one and while you could go off and watch tutorials i 'd personally recommend - if you have a friend , messing around with the game and asking your aformentioned friend to help when you get stuck . 
  in my experience learning this way was very ... natural i suppose , each time i started a new game i 'd go more in depth in the mircomanging , i 'd figure out how to use the economy properly or how to manage my diplomatic standing better or that vassals are really bloody useful . 
  going to assume you 've already bought so instead of closing with `` you should go buy it '' i 'll close with `` congratulations on buying it ; be prepared for the curve . '', 
  wonderful , i was expecting the replies to be all dark and gloomy and your take on it was a very interesting one and a delightful read . 
  as i said in my other response i was expecting a dark , gloomy take on this and it was nice to see death as a master teaching his succesor . 
  a lovely read . 
  c'mon man , do n't leave me hanging like that , i was just getting into it . 
   torture chamber, 
  well you could employ [ peglaci , ] ( http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?resources/the-peglaci.1768/ ) you know , peacekeepers . 
  as / u/hamstie below/above said the game is more arcadey . 
  medieval warfare has some really epic battles between the two rival factions but that epic feel just is n't there . 
  that said you can play as more than four classes in dw , which adds to a real over-the-top feel . 
  i 'll keep this brief as to not basically be copy-pasting what has been said : medieval warfare is the main game imo , it 's where you 'll sink the most time , get it first . 
  if you like mw you should then consider getting deadliest warrior at a later date . 
  or you know , buy both , if your budget allows . 
  glad to see spunkgargleweewee is catching on , i wonder how well ` spectacle fighter ' is doing . 
  zp references aside i 'm glad you wrote this because i too was considering getting it . 
  sure 'll be grand . 
  and no one remembers [ laurent laurent ] ( http://imgur.com/pcdr9dv ), 
  club lemon but fanta orange . 
  side note : when i order one , tell you do n't fucking have it , do n't give me the other !, 
  it kind of upsets me that soliphism is n't here , i was really looking forward to seeing their take on that . 
  i 'm sure you 've been asked many the similiar question so give me a minute to think of one that maybe has n't ... 
  ah , here we go . 
  having seen the world from so far away , with everything seem so small do you ever wish you could just take everyone who would try and ruin the planet and plant them on the moon even just for a few seconds to see the beauty of it all ? 
  no m ` lord . 
  for agatha !, 
  the twist was fantastic but it felt a bit deus ex machinia-y, 
  i have to say , ubisoft really did a great job of making the places in game look like their real-life counterparts . 
  when i visited san gimiangigo ( or however it 's spelt ) it really did look like its digitial counterpart . 
  that was fantastic , the sfm felt a little choppy at times but the camera movements were superb . 
  as is the common response i am quite partial to the lady boyle mission , but i think my favourite was in the knife of dunwall when daud 's base was attacked by the overseers , it was the first time in the game , ever , when it felt like the tides were truly against me . 
  i mean , it was daud 's base for christ 's sake , his secret hideout . 
  yes i know that the houndpits pub was also attacked , and i really enjoyed that mission for the same reason , but daud and his assassins seem so much more clandestine than the rebels . 
  agreed , it 's a fairly common thing here as well ; i would n't have thought it as bizarre . 
  that said there are many things the americans take as common which seem alien to me . 
  mate , this is a subreddit for the games in the metro series - metro 2033 and metro last light , not anything to do with modern metroes . 
  the second irish potato famine will be caused by console peasants . 
  `` hoxton lockpick this door . '', 
  `` nah i 'll just jump kick it . '', 
  '' ... if you say so . '', 
  celebrate , this party 's over , i 'm going home . 
  gunpoint, 
  unlocked ( 4 points ) : doors can be jump-kicked down and will knock down and kill any guards it hits, 
  aced ( 8 points ) : jump-kicking doors no longer alerts guards or civilians, 
   absolute facists about this sort of thing, 
  well played , well played .
