  and then remember that you love your job ( presumably ) and go back to your day-to-day life ? 
  i hope it 's something like ` goggled ', 
  at first i could n't help but think `` great idea , but it wo n't look so great in a videogame because it looks very lack-lustre '' but by the end i found myself very in favour of this guy 's ideas . 
  the righteous nukes of ghandi . 
   outside of the cities , irish people tend to say hello to others , regardless of whether they know them or not . 
  say hello back . 
  as an irish person : you mean to say this is n't common place everywhere else ? 
  come on world , ireland should n't be trumping you in the civilisied department . 
  left-hander 's unite !, 
  i do n't type correctly either , taught myself . 
  but last time i checked out my speed i got an average of 71.3 wpm but i just got a new keyboard with raised keys then and was still getting used to it , i imagine it 's much better now though , but it 's certainly a * very * useful skill . 
  sense of humour is one , being nice is another . 
  there 's a bit more but those are the main two really . 
  in school i was friends with a group of polish lads , eventually my other non-polish friend in the group started calling me vatzich as a play off my surname watson . 
  it just went from there . 
  he 's starting to believe . 
  all i have to say is : uhmm ... ahh ... nah ... ah ... i do n't ... i do n't ... 
  one of my favourite bw pictures , and a lovely job colouring , well done . 
  and fancy red uniforms . 
  thanks a million , man !, 
  hey bile , we 're in a bit of fix down here in this heist , reckon you could come pick us up ? 
  thanks bile , i owe you a drink in the future . 
  it is 13 ad and i am 6 , i guess i should go join the ` jesus-apostle ' crowd . 
  for the ` self-medicator ' i think it should be :, 
  -50 hp lost on death of patient or teammate who has recieved your healing in the last 3 seconds, 
  otherwise the medic could just stop healing their patient before they die and avoid the penalty . 
  germany was bouncing on sealand 's white stripe while tripping over a sealand with a germany on its white stripe and so on . 
  christ i feel sorry for yer man . 
  he 's trying so hard not to embrass the american presentor . 
  going to tag along with this post since it 's not a sub , but the ` anti-reddit ' circlejerk on reddit is the most annoying thing i 've ever seen . 
  reddit is huge guys , some of it is going to be bad but there is good . 
  of course , i 'm not saying you 're part of that group , or that op is , just that they 're annoying . 
  i. . . i 'm the intern how makes the coffee ... anyone want one ? 
  i did actually , but this had nothing to do with it . 
  coincidence i swear . 
  [ the wakes also have a very good song about the battalion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3_ed4nzxfg ), 
  the more accurate fact would be ` halloween was originally a celtic celebration ' but many people take the celts as the same as the irish when in reality the irish are but one of six in the [ celtic league ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_league ), 
  ` smithereens ' is derived from the irish word ` smidir\u00edn ', 
  miracle of sound is an interent artist popular for video game music and whose work appears on the escapist . 
  he 's fantastic singer/song-writer and chances are you 've already heard his work . 
  if you 've listened to the co-optional podcast in recent times then you most certainly have ; the intro is by him . 
  was there not a deathmatch mode as well ? 
  or is that yet to come ? 
  3 days `` subscribe to / r/cavalcadium '', 
  just going to jump in here and that if you can avoid it you probably should n't kick in a real-life self defence situation unless you ` snap ' as / u/subbeh put it . 
  irl you 're not looking to kill the person , just get them off you so you can get away , a quick snap or punch to the floating ribs with enough force is going to do that . 
  what is that little cross thing behind spain in the last panel ? 
  thank god i too was confused for a long time there , worried the meaning had changed without anyone telling me . 
  `` no , '' i said , standing from dark-black chair at a large round table existing in a plane beyond the reach of man , `` i wo n't do it . '', 
  i continued as i watched the faces of the ones i called comrades drop . 
  `` but it is our duty - '' pestilence began , `` to hell with our duty ! '', 
  i interjected , `` do you not see what the humans can achieve ? 
  they could be better than any god if we simply give them time . '', 
  `` what you speak of is blasphemy and mutiny ! '', 
  bellowed death as he rose from his chair , his long and tattered cloak flowing dramatically despite the lack of wind , `` you can not honestly be serious , war . '', 
  he stared at me , his eyes glowing a deep red yet i stood my ground . 
  `` the humans for centuries have done our jobs better than we have , '' i said , slamming my fist on the table with such force that it surprised me somewhat when it did n't move , `` they cause more death than you do , death . 
  more war than i could ever instigate . 
  more disease than pestilence could even fathom and more famine than famine could ever create . '', 
  `` exactly why they should be destroyed ! '', 
  death retored , his temper flaring as usual . 
  `` you 're afraid are n't you , '' i began , a certain smugness crept into my voice as a thought dawned on me , `` you 're worried that modern medicene will eventually render you moot . '', 
  death paused before responding , and i knew i had dealt a deadly blow , `` whether or not i am afraid does not matter !, 
  i did not give the order ! '', 
  he continued to yell . 
  `` you did n't give the order , yes , therefore you need n't follow it . '', 
  i said . 
  `` that 's not how orders work ... '' said famine , a bored tone to his voice . 
  he was well used to death and mine 's bickering . 
  i ignored him and continued , `` you could show compassion for once , death . 
  the humans gave you purpose , death , you could at least offer them something in return . '', 
  death sat back down , `` you do n't understand , war . 
  either path i take renders my job useless . 
  like you said , if the humans live they 'll eventually outdo me , '' i saw him smirk evily under his cowl and i felt then i would never convince him , `` so i may as well go out with a bang . '', 
  i glanced at pestilence , but he simply nodded towards death . 
  my glance to famine was shrugged off disinterestedly . 
  i pushed my chair out further from the table and made my way to the door of the mostly blank room . 
  `` you 'll never be able to stop it , '' called death like a smug victor as i opened the door , `` the humans will perish and should you side with them so too shall you . '', 
  i refused to give him the satisifaction of a rebutal and simply stepped through the door way and slammed the door behind me . 
  the rest of the building was constructed in the style of an old castle . 
  dark , damp and cold with torches adorning the walls . 
  other than three now surely deep in conversation in the blank plotting room the castle was empty . 
  i made my way down one of the many spiral staircases to the courtyard and crossed it unchallenged . 
  the sky was permanently overcast and the wind never blew here . 
  i did n't even glance back as i waved my hand to open the keep gates . 
  the only other building in this desolate expanse was the stables with a design matching the time period of the keep . 
  i marched down the gentle incline to where my horse was kept : a black mare with fiery eyes . 
  as i saddled him i contemplated injuring the others ' horses , but felt that was an insult too great . 
  instead i simply mounted the horse and took off at a gallop to the human lands . 
  if they were going to survive they would need my aid ; perhaps the manifestation of war could thwart the apocolypse . 
  ah of course , my mistake . 
  14 hours late but at your request i shall continue !, 
  since / u/nico _ p and / u/misterrighter requested more i shall grant that request . 
  the desolate landscape soon turned to lush green plains as i entered the human world . 
  once again i felt the gentle wind and the shining sun . 
  i looked around in an asine attempt to figure out where i was but all i saw was plains for miles . 
  sighing i unsheathed my large sword from its sheathe and swung upwards with it , tearing a rift open ; i did n't have time to walk or indeed ride when the fate of the world was at stake . 
  the rift glowed a stereotypical purple and i looked around one last time to check that civilisation was n't simply over a hill top . 
  content it was n't i rode slowly through the portal . 
  i emerged on a busy street in what i immediatly assumed was some large city in america , its name however was unknown to me .
