  i never liked the americas all too much , nothing personal but they were getting better at doing my job than i was . 
  still i rode down the street to get my bearings , ignoring the mortal eyes that stared spell-bound at my otherwordly form . 
  it quickly became apperant to me that this was washington dc . 
  i knew the humans were going to need some convincing and thus made it my mission to go the heads of the major world powers and attempt to unite them . 
  as i spurred my horse to a gallop and took off in the rough direction of the white house . 
  all throughout the city people stopped to film me , perhaps for historical reasons but more likely for fake internet points . 
  i ignored them and rode down the paths unchallenged . 
  eventually i approached the famous building and dismounted my horse . 
  i did n't waste time tying her to some post somewhere as i knew she 'd stay put at my request . 
  lovingly i patted her before making my way to and through the doors . 
  i saw swarms of tours and many the tourguide stopped mid-sentence as they saw a large figure clad in demonic armour and brandishing a large sword approaching . 
  as i made my way into the more restricted parts buildings security agents filled with a national bravado tried to halt my progress , but i simply pushed them aside . 
  the prongs of their tazers clinked pathetically off my armour . 
  more and more security personel stod in my way as i neared the oval office but i payed not head to them . 
  some of them brought guns and opened fire but the bullets simply ran out of momentum and dropped to the floor as they neared my body . 
  i could n't help but chuckle a bit . 
  i threw open the doors of the oval office , the few security guards that had n't given up swarming me like flies . 
  the president was at that point surrounded by a flock of guards who opened fire as i walked in but with the same outcome . 
  the group thinned as i approached and i think one man even jumped through the windows in sheer terror . 
  i rested my hands gently on the shoulders of the final two men who seperated me and the president and forcefully - but without hurting them , pushed them aside . 
  i stared into the terrified eyes of this president and said - in as friendly of a tone as i could pull of considering the circumstances , `` mr. president we need to talk . '', 
  the poor , terrified man did n't have trouble believing i was who i was considering my attire and the fact that no matter what his security tried their bullets simply could n't reach me . 
  as i explained the situation to him his expression slowly changed from fear to defeat . 
  `` but how can we stop ... well stop beings as powerful as yourself ? '', 
  he asked , resignation in his voice . 
  `` well you 've got me , '' i said , no sitting in a chair that was little too small for comfort , `` and i am the physically manifestation of war . '', 
  `` but we 're up against death itself . '', 
  he retored , but not in the same manner death had countered my points . 
  rather he sounded defeated , he knew what he was up against . 
  `` death might be the manifestation of death but he is still just a being . 
  besides , humans cause more death than he does . '', 
  i smirked at the end of that sentence , but the president did n't seem to find it too funny . 
  i leaned forward , seriousness returning to my voice , `` look , '' i began , `` thousands if not millions of people are going to die in this , but is not better for some to die than for all to die ? '', 
  `` but ... but what will happen if he win ? '', 
  i 'll be honest , i did n't know but i was n't about to tell him that when i needed his support , `` let me handle that . '', 
  i said reassuringly . 
  `` we 're going to need the whole world in on this though . 
  this is n't some normal war we ca n't simply hold down a linear front because the whole planet is going to be the front . 
  but fear not , because you 've got the best general and commander to ever grace the world on your side . '', 
  i said and i saw him pick up a bit , hopefully at the thought of having me on his team . 
  `` how do we start preparing ? '', 
  he asked , his gaze following me as i slowly stood up . 
  `` you , mr.president , are to start getting your armies ready , just have them generally ready to fight a threat that will come from all angles , and arm your people as well . 
  actually while i think of it stock pile a lot of food and medicene , stopping death is our priority but famine and pestilence will still be throwing their hats into the ring . 
  as for me , well , i 've got world leaders to convince . '', 
  and with that i turned and walked back out . 
  i did n't know when they were going to strike , and i needed the world on my side before they did . 
  it was going to be a long day . 
  ( ( apologises for any mistakes in regards to the governing of the us and the white house , not being a resident i 'm working of merely what i 've heard . 
  hope you enjoyed ) ), 
  sometimes you do need to make an offical dick joke though . 
  i personally do n't , but that does n't mean it 's a bad show . 
  just that it is n't my kind of show . 
   that not every person is automatically beautiful . 
  very true . 
  beauty is also subjective after all . 
  sure some people are n't going to like how you look , others are going to be indifferent but as long as you 're not absolutely horrendous someone is probably - at some point , going to think you look good . 
  where is this from ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , [ the tinkerbell effect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2tkg3e53dm ) or the reverse tinkerbell effect , depending on how you look at it . 
  just stick the video , it is n't soley about the effect but does cover it better than the wiki article about it . 
  it 's stories like this that remind me no matter what happens there is always good in people . 
  regardless of what side they choose - or are forced , to stand on . 
  well , perhaps not original swing music , but as a fan of electro-swing music i can see that taking off assuming your predicition is correct . 
  oh god the fucking english exams . 
  you 're talking about a page for each reading comprehension and even more for things like the poetry question . 
  my hand can only take so much strain . 
  the leaving cert really needs to be revised imo , and in a way that is n't what they 're doing with the junior cert . 
  now all i need to do is make it happen and get / u/adamup27 famous !, 
  a risk-reward character might be nice . 
  if i recall correctly the first rule of cryptography is to always assume your code has been cracked . 
  i think this counts as waiting a few days before posting , might be over compensating though . 
  in the ` how often do you change your phone ? ', 
  there should be a ` whenever it breaks ' option , since i do n't change phones until my current one breaks . 
  decent administration skills and decent strategic skills but people always tell me i 'm a good speaker and should be a politican or a newscaster or something along those lines . 
  thanks to this thread i 'm starting to wonder if i 'm the only man who actually is thinking about something all the time . 
  it might be irrelevant , it 's usually something to do with a game i 've been playing , a drawing i 've been doing or a roleplay i had the previous night but i never get this pure nothingness people have been talking about . 
  i do n't play multiplayer much but to me the mercenaries always struck me as more of spies than scouts . 
  if i 'm sitting back and building up and i see a roving army in my area - early on at least , i 'm not really going to think twice and just assume it 's an ai when in reality it 's a player snooping . 
  whether or not this is worth it is not for me to deicide . 
  i do n't know if you can call him a ` villain ' per se . 
  but let 's face it , squidward was just a quiet albeit slightly tempermentle man who just wanted to be left alone . 
  edit : ahhh , t ` is that time where i thank one of you giving me gold . 
  we 've come a long way , you and i , random stranger . 
  from the minute i posted this comment to the minute you gilded it . 
  it was fun was n't it ? 
  is this where the story ends ? 
  i do n't know . 
  let 's find out shall we ? 
  [ the irish war for independence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_war_of_independence ) 1919 - 1921 : what is amazing about this war - to me , is two key things :, 
  they are fighting for independence * in england 's backyard * , basically , and ,, 
  this is n't the first revolution by the irish , but it is the first succesful one . 
  arguably the revolution began on easter sunday , 1916 during the easter rising when the proclamation was read out by p\u00e1draig ( patrick ) pearse on the steps of the gpo in dublin but it was n't until the d\u00e1il ( irish republican party - side note : ` republican ' in this time frame means , for all intents and purposes , someone who supports an independant ireland ) won a majority in the election in 1918 and refused to sit in west minister that the war truly kicked off . 
  there 's a lot to the war and a lot in regards to what happened around it and i wo n't delve too deep into since i do n't have enough time to do it justice . 
  basically what you need to know is that the irish fought the british using guerilla tactics . 
  they stole weapons from the british police and hid out in small irish countryside towns . 
  you 're probably wondering why the british did n't send in the royal army to crush the irish . 
  well the thing is , they threatened to . 
  in 1921 the irish agreed to negotiate with the british and sent a delegation over . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( http://www.slideshare.net/leavingcerthistory/anglo-irish-treaty-1921 ) the irish were n't too keen to give up a fully independant ireland but collins saw the deal as a ` stepping stone to achieve greater freedom ' and knew the irish forces could n't withstand the full brunt of the war , or - as lyold george described it , ' a quick and brutual war ' . 
  sources : michael collins ( movie ) , slideshare.net , uncovering history by sean delap and paul mccormack,
