  also telling newbies about the whole doctor bag/faks thing would be very nice . 
  not only is bohemia winning emperorship a lot austria seems to not be trying as hard as she used to to become emperor if she loses it . 
  indeed it has , but what also makes me very happy is - as an irishman , some people actually know what munster , leinster , ulster and connaught are . 
  and also we * still * use those in ireland today . 
  their wrists are very much visible . 
  it 's an affront to common decency and should n't be allowed . 
  i appreciate you telling me this but i did pick it up last night . 
  i 've been loving it so far at any rate . 
  if memory serves the phrase originated because a large percentage of the profitable gold mines during the gold rush were run by irish people , and at the time irish people were n't exactly treated amazingly in the states so when people told them their mine had the ` luck of the irish ' to find all that gold they were essentially saying , yes , that it was complete pot luck and no skill . 
  dirty rotten scoundrels, 
  lovely song , thanks for posting it . 
  i think the black and tans were more of a paramilitary than a police force , but still , nice to see some photos from the irish war for independence . 
  for me , when i 'm writing stuff down , i try to sort of get into character with it . 
  like , i do n't just write `` this happened , this happened and then this happened '' but rather i deicide whether i 'm writing it as a journal , or as an elder recounting the tale or a romantic history book . 
  you could say :, 
  `` in 1123 the forces of fersta captured the city of al ` imean . '', 
  or you could romantise it ,, 
  `` in the year of 1123 the brave and mighty forces of fersta - after months of besieging it , marched in and occupied the city of al ` mean , claiming it in the name of our nation 's glorious ruler . '', 
  there 's no reason your notes have to be unbiased in the world . 
  do you want some help in that regard ? 
  if you want to pm or start writing down stuff down in a google doc i could read over it and see if it makes sense to an outsider , if it worries you that it wo n't . 
  alright , good luck with your world building !, 
  more of a trait . 
  enviroment : submarine volcanic vent, 
  description of new species and origin : instead of merely clining to the land around the volcanic vent some peth amplexators began to develop a thin viscous fluid between their tendrils , made up of ash and other materials . 
  the fluid sticks to the insides of their tendrils and allows these new peth cinisala to float above and near the volcanic vents as they toss out the minerals they need to survive . 
  these minerals are then stored within the very same fluid that allows them to be swept up with the drafts for future use . 
  the most off efficent and successful of these peth cinisala lost the pointed parts of their tendrils in favour of a more simple curved ending to keep in the fluid more easily . 
  hope this is up to par , i have n't participated in an evogame before . 
  enviroment : submarine volcanic vent, 
  progenitor : none, 
  description of new species and origin : given that the submarine volcanic vents were such a good place for new life it was only a matter of time more would spawn . 
  instead of merely floating above or clining near the small capta firudo use their tendrils to latch on to other nearby life , allowing them to benefit from the same source of nutrients . 
  capta firudo is not parasitic , instead it merely holds on for the ride . 
  that is amazing artwork right there , sir . 
  enviroment : submarine volcanic vents and surrounding area, 
  description : thanks a series of random mutations a handful of peth gemina began to expand into the thin membrane seperating the two cells until eventually they fused into a single body with a pair of nuclei instead of just one . 
  due to the larger size however peth augmentix requires much larger amount of materials to engage in mitosis and thus floats much nearer to the opening of the vents then some of the other organisms . 
  would n't mind stepping up to the plate if the position is still open . 
  enviroment : shallow seas, 
  description : in order to better survive being washed onto the hard rock surface some dout ratis developed a thin cell wall with which to protect itself as well as making it more durable over all . 
  no one really knows why the war started . 
  hell , i know i do n't . 
  well , i 'm sure those on earth did . 
  but none of us out on this floating white rock did . 
  it was the year 2046 . 
  humanity had set up a colony on the moon for the first time . 
  it was meant to be a combined front this little outpost among the stars . 
  the russians , the americans , the europeans , the indians - you name it : if they had a space agency they pitched in . 
  the base was completely self-sufficent . 
  that was one of the major hurdles humanity overcame before setting up the colony . 
  i had been stationed there for two years at the time of the end of the world . 
  i woke up at 07:21 gmt that ` morning ' . 
  i walked - or rather drifted , from my little sleeping and living bubble to the hallway connecting the living quarters to mess hall . 
  the hall had large windows like those on the old space stations . 
  on one side was the vast white desert and on the other more white desert . 
  but if you looked up the you saw this brilliant blue dot , floating in the sky , illuminated by the rising sun . 
  or setting , it really depended on your perspective . 
  this time when i looked up however i saw lights everywhere . 
  at first i did n't panic , lights from cities were always visible from space . 
  in fact they were the most visible man made object . 
  then i realised something : i was seeing lights where it was already day . 
  the lights grew over time , until whole countries were illuminated . 
  it did n't take long before it hit me : some bastards had started the end . 
  i had no doubt the other astronauts were looking up in shock as i was . 
  i honestly did n't know whether to cry with dispair or shout with anger , but there was one thing i was certain of : i had no idea why the war started . 
  honestly i thought it was * maybe * the vatican flag when i read it first , even though that would be just catholics . 
  but nope , apperantly there 's a christian flag . 
  despite already providing a large degree of her forces to emperor maximilian himself the duchy of flanders is in fully support of this diet . 
  history . 
  it 's * so * interesting . 
  get me started on something and i wo n't stop until you 've stopped listening or i 've run out of shit to say . 
  enviroment : submraine volcanic vents and surrounding area, 
  progenitor : peth augmentix, 
  description : with the ever growing threat of peth clavum and capta maxilla some peth augmentix began to develop external sensory organs capable of sensing changes in the currents around them and avoid the threats accordingly . 
  these peth ramus have a much higher chance of surviving a confrontation with an aggressive or parasetic creature than its predecessor . 
  even the bloody romans said ireland was ` too cold and wet for anyone to ever want to live there ', 
  the ottomans ? 
  it 's the ottomans right guys ? 
  you and me both , i was so upset it got pushed back , but i can live with it if it means we get a brilliant hoi4, 
  gawd i 'm good at bein ' an owl, 
  ireland here , we have plenty of posters around town whenever there 's an election or a referendum with ` vote [ candiate ] ' and ` vote [ choice ] ' respectively , but never have i seen a lawn sign or a bumper sticker supporting a candiate/decision . 
  you stole my line . 
  all of them . 
  i 'm quite fond of this world . 
  it 's my line , we talked about this, 
  what about only being able to stab when in backstab range ? 
  so left click is fire otherwise , and stab when a backstab is available . 
  darkest dungeon could very well be a complete game as it stands . 
  it 's depth and story are fantastic even with two of the five zones ( including the ` final ' zone ) being closed off . 
  it is by far one of my favourite games and as others have said the devs do frequently update based on community feedback . 
  definitely worth your money as it does n't feel like its missing much while still having a lot of potential . 
  glad you liked it . 
  watch out for those damn cultist acolytes . 
  hold my arm i 'm going in . 
  500,000 less men ? 
  -500,000 more men ? 
  excellent . 
  it 's kind of hard to play with black flags everywhere . 
  perhaps this is n't * exactly * what you had in mind , but in one of my worlds the rotation of the planet is extremely off for unexplained reasons , meaning that days are 168 hours and nights 150 .
