  you done did good , kid . 
  you done did good . 
  what will / u/super _ fast_turtle solve next ? 
  find out next week , on , mysteries of the universe !, 
  we need a quickfix flair in commemoration of the original ` quick-fix and chill ' post that started the sub . 
  late response !, 
  i like the second one . 
  could be the baader-meinhof effect . 
  but what about maldives the blub blub ? 
  that deserves at least an honourable mention . 
  fur elise is always a nice piece . 
  [ team/hat ] fortress 2 is rather good . 
  heresy enough to warrant two bolters ? 
  because i could go for two bolters right about now . 
  franz ferdinand was one of the people preventing a war with serbia , his death allowed those who wanted the war to have it . 
  but it was n't instant . 
  there was some who attempted to stop the war , such as count istv\u00e1n tisza , the austrian and russian diplomats to serbia and the tzar and kaiser themselves . 
  now , not all of them simply wanted to avoid war ( tisza for example , did n't want the serbs in the austro-hungarian empire if memory serves ) but they did try . 
  so it 's not as simple as ` ferdinand 's dead , let 's have a war lads . ', 
  sources if you want to read up more on it :, 
  a few times i 've gone to the effort of researching a question that was n't upvoted very much , since i thought no one would answer otherwise . 
  and once the question shot up in popularity and my answer with it , and those coupe hundred points of karma are definitely more worthwhile to me than any other piece of karma in my account ( on my account ? ), 
  this might not sound great in text , and it 's by far not the dirtiest joke i * could * come up with , but the fact that an elderly fellow told it to me makes it all the better ,, 
  `` so i was out golfing over the weekend when i got a rushed call from the local doctor , he told me i needed to come home as soon as possible , that there was a problem with me wife . 
  so naturally i race home and head straight to the hospital where i ask the doctor what 's wrong . 
  he says she has acute angina , i say yeah , and her tits are pretty great too . '', 
  ... i was going to ask a potential question about the jovian moons too , that 's not fair . 
  got this a while ago , googled it and found this solution in a steam thread :, 
  enable dep, 
  data execution prevention ( dep ) must be enabled to play on vac secured servers . 
  to restore dep settings to default please follow the steps below :, 
  exit steam . 
  click the start button , then ` all programs ' , and ` accessories ', 
  right-click on command prompt and click `` run as administrator ... '', 
  - please note if you are running windows 8 you will need to press windows key + x and select command prompt ( admin ), 
  in the command prompt , type the following command and press enter :, 
  restart your computer . 
  launch steam and test the issue again . 
  worked for me . 
  not sure i get it , want to bring those of us out of the loop into it ? 
  semi-relevant username ? 
  even if i 'm signed in it deicides that i was just born, 
  i actually did a survey of this over on / r/samplesize once , and quite a lot of the responses were from outside the us . 
  of the 63.8 % that were from the us twenty two said they had watched the it crowd . 
  it 's not a perfect survey by any means , but still , quite a few people outside the uk and ireland had seen it . 
  sorry i should have made that clear , 26 ( read the graph wrong that first time around ) americans watched it of 37 . 
  57 people overall answered the survey by my count . 
  we have one in cork in ireland now !, 
  i think the main character from ` the jerk ' counts, 
  do n't steal the response i was going to use on this thread before i get there . 
  a while ago my history teacher at the time gave my favourite summary of propaganda , `` a means of spreading information to convince someone of a particular viewpoint . '', 
  does n't have to be evil , it 's trying to convince you of a viewpoint , regardless of if that viewpoint is that we should go to war with everyone or not drink and drive . 
  given the video has little views it might be reasonable for one to think i made it , but it was on facebook originally , then uploaded to youtube as seen by someone else and then uploaded here by me , hope you enjoy at any rate . 
  hey man it 's 2015 , ladies can be into dwarves if they please . 
  speaking as a spy main : \\* stereotypical frnech laugh *, 
  also you 're a true friend to spies everywhere . 
  in fact much of history is stranger than fiction , not just in the deaths department . 
  such is life . 
  look at you , where do you think you are huh ? 
  / r/firstworldanarchists ? 
  tanks do n't need smooth roads . 
  tanks are content with the flat soil of belgium . 
   this is a game of dynasty building , not conquest, 
  this is very important . 
  my biggest mistake coming from eu4 to ck2 was to believe that the point of the game was still conquest . 
  it 's not . 
  the point of the game really is to build your dynasty and to aqquire a higher score by having a high prestige and piety . 
  [ are n't you lucky i saved this ] ( http://sikkofoley.deviantart.com/art/dat-plan-b-438859818 ), 
  i think one of the things everyone should keep in mind when browsing reddit is this . 
  you can get really upset and think the world 's ending just based on some vocal redditor 's opinions . 
  yeah , things may be bad in some regards , but it is n't the end of the world . 
  in case you have n't looked it up already i can confirm it is on steam , and i can confirm it 's very good and very boardgame-esque . 
  it can be a bit hard to find multiplayer matches , but that aside it 's well worth it . 
  i would hope they 're quiet in a library . 
  you 're clearly not telling the truth . 
  i 'd know because i 'm a registered genius and my iq is much higher than your 's . 
  take pride in knowing that you 're in galway , and not somewhere worse like ... roscommon or something . 
  you could be somewhere better mind , like cork or ... cork , but there 's worse . 
  nah he 's right though , the amniosity present is mostly joking from the majority of people . 
  english are a great bunch of lads . 
   it was brought over by irish colonists in the dark ages . 
  yes i believe you 're correct in that regard . 
  which is why irish and gaelic are so similar , but welsh ( and cornish and breton ) and irish are so vastly different . 
  ah the old link-roo ? 
  is there a reason apollo 12 and 14 set down so close to each other ? 
  i do n't think the ` jihad ' part refers soley to islam , as the main holy text in the books is the o.c bible , or the orange * catholic * bible . 
  now bear you in mind i have n't read the whole book yet , so this might not be correct but it 's my reading into it . 
  pics of you as kurland ? 
  your friend seems to be doing very well i should add . 
  that 's an acceptable amount of bordergore . 
  still , looking good . 
  i assume you and denmark split sweden ? 
  i more meant you and the ai split it by virtue of both being enemies of sweden , but denmark being allied to muscovy is as good a reason as any . 
  well there was brian bor\u00fa , who sort of became high king of ireland after the battle of clontarf in which he defeated the vikings and sent them packing ( sidenote he did n't personally , he spent his time praying in his tent ) but iirc they promptly assassinated so that united ireland did n't really amount to much . 
  only tangentially related , but the irish military is , like the australian one , known as the irish defence force . 
  just in case it interests you . 
  `` it 's like christmas morning . '', 
  [ for those who have n't seen them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu6oqvcb20o&amp;list=plsdmsrqo9r07ywnotn6egbcvteaaykyv4&amp;index=1 ) there 's a playlist of some recent ads by the irish road saftey authority . 
  unfortunately [ the bystander effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bystander_effect ) is always going to have to be taken into account .
