  i was always told the pizza hawai originated from the netherlands ( and possibly germany ) were it was fashion to add pineapple to everything in the 60s/70s . 
  and now change it relative to gdp , or per citizen . 
  i wish we would recieve 3 % of gdp each year , that would be 20 billion euro annual . 
  wether there 's something wrong with that is a different discussion , what we do know is that if you threaten someone you can expect a response . 
  i do n't expect so , germany and the netherlands are the biggest european exporters of agricultural products to russia for example . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/brie/2015/569020/eprs_bri ( 2015 ) 569020_en . pdf ) we trade far more with russia than any of the eastern countries . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/rus/#destinations ) but i was indeed refering to the eu budgets , it 's easy for eastern europe to be playing the altruist with our wallet in their hands . 
   russian special forces have entered lithuania during training any article on that ? 
  i have n't heard anything about that yet . 
  and north korea must be third . 
  measuring military strength is far more complex than comparing budgets and the amount of personnel . 
  the vessel is not there because the crew won a cruise through costa del baltic sea though . 
  it 's there to ~ ~ assure allies ~ ~ threaten/deter russia . 
  reminds me of ` make love not war ' [ 1 ] ( http://www.kidsenjongeren.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/axe-peace.jpg ) . 
  i ca n't tell what you base your ` arguments ' on inside your head , only what you base your arguments on in typing . 
  and if all you can do in support of your argument is shit flinging , you just do n't have a solid case . 
  `` prime minister mark rutte ask the house to have a chance to try to find a solution that does justice to the outcome of the referendum on the association agreement between the eu and ukraine . 
  should it fail him for a consideration to an amended treaty that would ensure the no-voters , the government will not ratify the treaty . 
  `` if it does not succeed in the next few months , before the summer , to formulate an answer that does justice to the results , the government will not ratify the treaty , '' said prime minister mark rutte wednesday during the debate on the outcome of the consultative referendum the treaty with ukraine . 
  the government then tried to break for the summer with a view . 
  that decision shows that long to wait because the other eu member states first brexit the outcome of the referendum ( june 23 ) , about a possible withdrawal of the uk from the eu , want to wait . 
  at the insistence of the labour party will start cabinet talks immediately and inform the house on the progress of those talks . 
  three options according to rutte cabinet stood for three options after 61 percent of voters voted against the treaty . 
  because it was a consultative referendum , the government could result disregard , but `` that option expired , '' said rutte . 
  the option to ` no ' to follow is unwise , according to the prime minister because the netherlands than `` offside '' would come to stand on . 
  `` the risk is that then the no vote , nothing happens . '', 
  therefore chooses the prime minister choose to engage with the ` no ' camp to identify the complaints and then continue to negotiate in brussels with the other 27 eu member states . 
  so in the ` no ' camp , the government sees concerns ranging from withdrawal of the netherlands to the eu , to vote against the accession of ukraine in the eu worry about missing chickens . 
  this option netherlands retains its `` entry ticket '' for talks on adaptation of the treaty . 
  the initiators of the referendum no sight forum for democracy let know via twitter that they have no incentive to engage in that conversation . 
  ` no is no ' according pvv leader geert wilders is not waiting netherlands on an `` entrance ticket '' , but an exit ticket . 
  wilders finds that the question was asked was very clear on the referendum form and the voter asked to vote for or against the treaty . 
  `` no is no . 
  no is not change . 
  no means can not continue this treaty . '', 
  the sp believes that the government must withdraw the treaty as soon as possible . 
  parliament harry van bommel believes that no further talks are needed because the discussions have already taken place . 
  his motion to withdraw the treaty as soon as possible was supported by the entire opposition . 
  the cda and d66 , which are for cooperation with ukraine , believe that the government can not fail to ratify the treaty . 
  kees verhoeven ( d66 ) : `` the voter has spoken , the convention can not continue . '', 
  coalition parties vvd and pvda want the government does allow time to enter into dialogue with the opposition and the other eu member states . 
  vvd mp han ten broeke : `` we must listen to the concerns of voters and seek some form of agreement . '', 
  the pvv still filed a motion of no confidence , but it took a majority . '', 
  i 'm sorry you have a bad temper , but if insults are your only argument i 'm afraid you do n't have a solid case . 
  it 's hard understanding much of you when you 're frothing at the mouth , so maybe cover your ears and count to ten to ease some of that butthurt . 
  when you 've calmed down , you equate russia to soviet crimes , i fail to see why you would suddenly make a destinction between them now . 
  hardly an excuse for stealing it from germany following their defeat . 
  somebody must 've given you a fraud , [ here ] ( https://tile.loc.gov/image-services/iiif/service:gmd:gmd3:g3200:g3200:ct003158/full/pct:25/0/default.jpg ) i have one for you . 
  if you have money , you can help pay for your treatment because that treatment costs money . 
  i do n't see how that confuses you , it is a pretty straightforward idea and one the natives are bound to as well with everything . 
  minority polish , and even those numbers are disputed ( the poles called all catholics ` poles ' which amount to about 30 % of the population ) , overall the people were n't happy with the poles . 
  i did n't , you were the one saying they would shoot it down if it had a collision course following the video . 
  they would 've have done so way earlier if they intended to . 
   pizza hawaii is pretty normal in europe . 
   but originally comes from the netherlands . 
  russia has as much business owning kaliningrad as poland has owning gdansk . 
  jea no , taking down an aircraft at that distance with that aproach is extremely hard , only the phalanx could 've done something . 
  ( do n't get confused by the name , it 's not from hawai ), 
   you would if the will was there to give support to ukraine and georgia . 
   i see no reason why . 
   that 's special . 
  funny how that never happens to russia . 
  you just crawled from under a rock ? 
  have you ever compared a map from 1989 with a modern one ? 
   right , there was no league of nations and the uk was n't acting like the us is now , it was just a whole other world . 
  correct , except that there was a league of nations . 
   i have read that some venture capitalists from the us are looking to europe due to the over saturated nature of some of the us markets . 
  it 's one of the things ttip is supposed to facilitate . 
   getting a bank to lend a startup money is next to impossible . 
  it is , at least in the real start-up stage of a company . 
  having some personal experience with start-ups , i can tell banks only lend money if you leverage it ( for example they give 50.000 if you put in 10.000 ) * and * take ( partial ) responsibility for the debt . 
  in other words if you go bankrupt , you 'll personally be paying a lot of that 50.000 back . 
  and that 's a lot to pay back , while it 's not a lot to start a company with . 
  even with non-capital intensive markets ( like the tech ( software/internet ) industry ) getting experienced developers , marketeers etc. 
  on board with 50.000 is hard , and would only cover mere months of operations while the average start-up takes 5 years to reach a break-even . 
  maybe it 's better to deflate the gdp if it can increase employment , improve and create new industries , reshuffle distribution of wealth and relation of income to wealth . 
  it 's also the general midset of moving from ` everything is constantly getting worse ' to ` we 've chaos , but at least we 're noticably improving now ' . 
  having said that , i 'm pretty sure greece will , in a year or 10-15 , be better of with the drachma then it will be by keeping the euro . 
  the euro is pretty much a dead end for you guys , there 's no future for you guys without massive reforms of the eurozone , which will not happen anytime soon . 
  it is n't , it would be pretty rude to ignore a referendum a second time though , and unwise with less than a year to go for next elections . 
  it will also have the effect that people will only grow to hate the eu even more than they do already , which is something that will nip them in the butt in the future again and again . 
  they should 've blocked them from getting into freedom of movement as well . 
  this is just a symbolic alternative . 
  we do n't , but dutch jokes are usually based on truth . 
  saying a joke is not based on anything is usually an excuse for ` oh i may have overstepped the line here ' after hearing the persons response . 
  we also have the saying ` achter elke grap schuilt een kern van waarheid ' . 
  and it 's ironic that that motorway system is being improved with dutch money . 
   out of fear , just like now . 
   on the contrary , we have nothing to fear from russia . 
   yes , let 's live with an authoritarian country annexing land left and right , ukraine and soon georgia , south osetia is just about to hold a referendum to join the russian federation . 
  crimea is better of in russia , as for south ossetia and abchazia they 're more complicated matters as well . 
  i 'm not particularly concerned with any of these squables , they 're quite natural to occur not too long after a state breaks up . 
  borders have been fluid throughout history , did n't expect that to change now , or in the future . 
   like when the ussr was starving ukrainians , that sure showed them when the west did ... yeah , that worked . 
  you act as if the west in the 1930s was the same as it is today . 
  the west of that era was completely different , and not exactly a moral or ethical authority . 
  and yet still greeks wish to remain in the euro . 
  i ca n't help but think part of the suffering is bordering on self-flagellation . 
   and this is why there wo n't be an european super state . 
  that 's great , because if it has to be like this i do n't want it either .
