  you could interpret that as ' 70 % is against , 30 % in favor ' or as ' 21 % is against , 9 % in favor and 70 % is ok with whatever decision the government makes ' . 
  people who do n't vote are n't considered , simple as that . 
  unless you implement mandatory voting ( like in belgium ) that 's just how democracies work . 
  the only opinion that counts is from those who go to vote , wether that be for or against . 
   that have nothing whatsoever to do with ukraine . 
  it has loads to do with ukraine . 
  it depends wether the required turnout will be reached . 
  lots of people who are for the agreement are n't going to vote hoping the turnout would n't be sufficient . 
  which is why a requirement for the turnout is ridiculous , and the referendumlaw should be improved . 
   what possible reason could a dutch person want the uk to leave the eu ? 
  due to their mentality , their ` special kid ' status and fundamental differences with mainland europe . 
  in my opinion the uk should only remain part of the eu if it takes a position equal to the other members . 
  in the end i do n't want the eu to become a superstate or anything , but i do want a europe of efficiency , elminating bureaucracy , corruption , tax evasion etc. 
  for this europe should be as simple , accountible and transparent as possible , not a maze of menu-card picking countries that want exception at every turn , turning europe into an army of useless eurocrats . 
   the uk , netherlands and germany are the only three net contributors to the eu budget , that 's not the case , besides the netherlands has to pay additional fees for the uk rebate . 
   if the uk leaves that means only two countries left pulling the rope , are you ready for higher taxes and more national debt ? 
  we 'll just decrease the budgets instead of increasing fees/taxes , i never supported the whole eastern expansion anyway . 
   also the netherlands loses one of it 's only free-market pro- trading allies with an extremely similar shared cultural history , perhaps , as a deficit economy the uk is n't that interesting though , we 're better of with germany at our side . 
   the eu will be full hollande-merkel and the netherlands wont get a say . 
  then we will leave as well . 
  probably wo n't happen though , france is in no position to take control where it ca n't even control itself , and merkel has past her expiration date anyway . 
   what i frequently wonder : do the people who promote this deformed concept of tolerance not understand that the age of enlightenment would never have happened with their attitude ? 
  do they regret that the age of enlightenment happened ? 
  do they appreciate that we had some centuries of enlightenment and now wish to turn back the clock ? 
   that 's why they 're accurately dubbed the ` regressive left ' . 
  in the face of a rising medieval warrior cult , they want the established western societal pillars to revert to their medieval state as well . 
  it 's also only natural , many people point out islam is incompatible with a modern western society , that leaves either two options , do n't make islam a big part of modern western societies , or revert western societies to a level that both are able to coexist . 
  they chose the second . 
   leftist secular towns in west are n't those mostly in the south-east . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s at least that 's where i heard most of the leftist , secular , pro-lgbt feminists are in turkey . 
  i favour ours . 
  but somehow this is posted to show us it 's actually okay people travel to the middle-east to fight for isis . 
  happy to help , sounds like two flies in one sweep as i want the uk to leave as well . 
  they do n't start with the climax , they 're going to slowly build up . 
  almond milk , rice milk , soja milk , and all sorts of cow-milk . 
  i think it 's mostly uht cow-milk that we have although we call it ` gepasteuriseerd ' . 
  the more luxurious supermarkets have ` fresh milk ' though . 
  he 's implying a lot of things , including equating the ukraine-eu a-agreement to a trade agreement in the sense of the referendum , unfortunately an often used lie by the ` yes camp ' , one of the reasons i 've decided to vote against . 
  means he 's either a fool , or a cunning liar . 
  seems like a better idea to do a debt cut from all lenders equally , including the imf . 
  they were willing to ` reunify ' under terms that were deemed unacceptible by the greeks . 
  we wo n't really know if they want to unify until there 's a fair agreement . 
  we 're not equally as rich as the nordics , australia , usa or canada . 
  about on par with germany and the uk , but both have a better labour and housing market . 
  i doubt russia will allow this to become a hot conflict . 
  that 's just guessing though . 
  the western allies never fought anywhere near the scale of warfare as in the east . 
  we do n't know if they could 've pulled that of . 
  they mostly fought inexperienced children , elderly and adults unfit for eastern warfare in the west after the german army was on their butt . 
  pretty much the entire able bodied german army with the brunt of the equipment fought in the east . 
  there 's no argument to be made whatsoever as to it meaning german in the modern sense of the word . 
  it either means dutch , or western germanic . 
  maybe you should , you know , open a history book for a change . 
  no in the time it did n't mean german , in the time of william of orange there was no germany , duitsland means german in modern dutch , it meant dutch in old dutch . 
  large armenian majority in the area , and the area use to be part of the azerbijani ssr when it was still part of the ussr . 
  the conflict was there before the ussr as well , but was pretty much smothered during the ussr although there were continuous talks about moving nk to the armenian ssr . 
  when the ussr collapsed the conflict got hot again , russia intervened and brokered a peacedeal . 
  and here we are today , turkey supports azerbijan , and armenia has a military defense treaty with russia ( as well as russian military bases ) azerbijani 's blame armenians for ethnic cleansing of the area since they ` occupied ' it , but tend to forget their own genocide , and that armenia already were the majority as well . 
  everybody wants to help in europe , that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is how , and wether countries involved will accept help . 
  as long as these aircraft do n't stray into sovereign airspace , i do n't see how . 
  best they could do is shadow them in the administrative airspace if they do n't have transponders on or filed a flight plan . 
  and it 's not silly if you look at the history of the word , the link i provided explains it . 
  duits comes from the same word as diets , which comes from the oldmiddle-dutch word of diet ( meaning ; volk , people , a people ( as in tribe/cultural/ethnic group ) duits as well as diets was used back then to describe dutch . 
  nowadays duits just refers to german , and diets to dutch ( although the word is n't really used anymore ) . 
  when the song was written ` duitsen bloed ' refered to being of dutch blood . 
  the silly thing is that ` duitsen ' was never changed to ` diets ' in the song accordingly . 
  to be fair , the war would have lasted a lot longer without the soviets fighting the germans . 
  in a way it 's history , but it 's recent history and there 's probably just too much of it . 
  for the sake of history , they could keep a few and remove the rest . 
  i gues in exchange for a few zloty 's you could turn that into a mutually beneficial deal . 
  would actually be a good idea , and make the theme the remembrance of all those who died during the soviet occupation ( s ) , as well as those who fought the germans . 
  russia happy , poland happy . 
  drop a few in the baltic sea and let the fish have a theme park as well . 
  the soup will probably not be eaten as hot as it 's served . 
   wilhelmus ( netherlands ) : william of nassau , i am , of german blood  it 's duitsen bloed , and does not translate to german blood , it mean ( th ) s dutch . 
  perhaps , though they seem to be more on armenia 's side than azerbijans . 
  in any case , pretty sure they will not accept a change in the status quo , hence they will defend nk should that come into question . 
  but i doubt the azeri 's will push it that far . 
  you did n't get to say anything , true , but nobody took other measures either . 
  it 's naive to think voting alone is sufficient in defending your interests , rights and freedom and making your opinion heard . 
  the ` there is no alternative ' politics have transformed representative democracies into oligarchic plutocracies , and everybody just stood there and looked at it . 
  i gues as long as there 's bread and games all is fine . 
  practically they 're neither turkish nor german , although they would opt they 're turkish . 
  they 're like the dutch maroccans , they fall between shore and ship . 
  that 's why i said that depends , if things escalate russia will defend armenia . 
  as long as it stays with relatively harmless skirmishes they will remain on the side-line . 
  russia will defend nk should that come into question . 
  sounds like a baghdad bob response . 
  well what do you know , two opposit extremes pop-up to sing their choir . 
  they do n't need to cross the georgian border , russia has an airforce base in armenia as well as a ground troops base . 
  4 months ago russia also send an additional 7000 troops to armenia because of the tense relations with turkey . 
  depends , russia has a military treaty with armenia , they will defend them . 
  russia also has large bases and military material/troops in armenia . 
  i do n't know . 
  i hope in the future we ( white people from western europe ) would be welcome in eastern europe though . 
  the way i see it western europe is going to be a godforsaken mess in the future i do n't wish to be part of . 
  you 're right , labourites probably wo n't be satisfied until all white men are in camps working or deceased . 
   i really do n't understand what problem people are having with this . 
  because having a different skin color is not a merit .
