  not familiar with express , seems like a very decent article though . 
  i personally have n't been to dubrovnik , when i did a trip through croatia i started in split went to zadar and then rijeka . 
  so ca n't tell about dubrovnik , however last year i travelled through montenegro and it was amazing . 
  would certainly advice visiting montenegro if you 're in the area . 
  about 200 local people pelted bottles and rocks at belgian authorities in retaliation of the arrest of abdeslam . 
   i 'm not sure really , as i have n't done much travel in general . 
  i guess i 'm not looking for a huge city that attracts a load of tourists . 
  i do enjoy cities that have a lot of historical substance within it . 
  cities with `` old world '' architecture and aesthetics appeal to me . 
  coastal cities too . 
  in that case dubrovnik is an excellent choice , try to continue to kotor and budva after that . 
  the region is absolutely mind blowingly beautiful . 
  lots of history , probably the most gorgueous nature of europe is there ( and more of the balkans by extension ) if that 's your thing as well . 
  just try a google on kotor and budva . 
  true , especially in the case of the uah . 
  before you 'll be able to scramble change , it might be worth 15 bucks . 
  i do n't think so , at least our tricolour does not have any clear meaning behind the colors . 
  the red supposedly became red because it was cheaper to make than orange , and orange would 've represented willem van oranje . 
  ( or to be completely correct , it 's not red but vermiljoen ) some say the white represents the church , and the blue the nobility , together red-white-blue would represent the breakdown of society . 
  ( people , church , nobility ) but there 's no agreement here . 
  the other , more likely explanation , is that the colors come from insignia of either the counts of holland and/or bavaria or the house of orange . 
  i 'm as calm as the north sea , you 're the one making a problem of my opinion . 
  and now you want to make it personal as well ? 
  of course i 'm not jealous , why would i be jealous of a flag i think is ugly ? 
  he asked for our personal opinion did n't he ? 
  if he asked ` what flag do most people think is the best flag ' or ` what flag is most fashionable ' maybe i would 've answered differently . 
  i do n't really understand what upsets you , if you like the union jack that 's fine , i think it 's ugly though . 
  and he/she asked us for our personal opinion after all . 
   we should send sarkozy to throw the ring into mt etna . 
  it is the only way to the conflict . 
  he would have to cross the plains of mordortalia , a near impossible task . 
  ca n't argue about taste i gues , i think it 's ugly . 
  you think ? 
  the scottish flag is great , the english a bit as well , but lumping them all together in the union jack is just ugly , sorry . 
  jea he/she 's talking out of his/her ass , `` federation wallonie-bruxelles '' legally does n't even exist , it 's the ` communaut\u00e9 fran\u00e7aise de belgique ' . 
  what he/she is saying is that brussel is part of the french community , but it 's part of the dutch community as well . 
   bruxelles is part of the `` federation wallonie-bruxelles '' ( governing education , culture and so forth ) brussel is part of the vlaamse gemeenschap as well . 
   so i think they would be happy to leave brussels and go their own way asap . 
  i do n't know about that , brussel is probably the thing that keeps belgium together . 
  it 's factually correct , just as calling a dutch minister a european minister is factually correct . 
  however the netherlands is only a very small part of europe , and europe is not a country , because of which this would be a terminology that would be unclear . 
  given the fact vlaanderen is the most populous region of belgi\u00eb , and belgi\u00eb being a state , calling their ministers belgische ministers is both correct , as well as accurate . 
   he is not a belgian minister , he is a flemish minister . 
   therefor a belgian minister , flanders is still part of belgium . 
  it 's a border municipality though , regardless he 's a belgian minister , of course it 's his business . 
  or forced relocation , and if that does n't work there 's always the back up plan of an endschl\u00f6sung . 
  but no , i like our southern neighbours , they 're the only nice neighbour we have . 
  worst ; lithuania , united kingdom . 
  best ; flanders , friesland , scotland . 
  `` following the arrest of salah abdeslam , there were young people of immigrant origin in molenbeek express their displeasure by pelting police with bottles and stones . 
  `` it is unfortunate that we did on national television at 19 pm have seen nothing . '', 
  that said flemish minister geert bourgeois ( n-va ) monday in a speech to the association for international relations ( vira ) in brussels . 
  vrt stressed that they did not broadcast unaware the pictures . 
  `` for me it is a very frightening picture that spontaneously two hundred young people of immigrant origin together group after the arrest of salah abdeslam to pelt our police with stones and bottles , '' says flemish minister geert bourgeois . 
  `` it indicates that there is a separate society that was created under our eyes . 
  a society which does not share the values of pluralistic as ours , where everyone has equal rights . 
  that is frightening , '' said the prime minister . 
  the solution is partly to be found in the reception of newcomers , he says . 
  `` from day one , we must dare to draw lines , we need to be more assertive courage . 
  you have equal rights , but also equal obligations . 
  as someone who does not share values , we have no shared future . 
  we are all been too little assertive , fear i , and then you see that a community is created which opposes the police . '', 
  bourgeois will against the flemish holiday , on july 11 , presenting a flemish vision paper on the future of the european union . 
  `` in it i will also pay close attention to this design , '' he said monday . 
  `` this is a union of values and standards . '', 
  vrt : `` never had the intention to conceal it '' `` we ourselves have had no means the intention to conceal the facts . 
  we never do . '', 
  thus , the vrt responds to the statements of bourgeois . 
  `` that night there were many developments in a short time and the focus was on the arrest of salah abdeslam . 
  as our coverage was focused . 
  we have today the prime minister given the opportunity to make his point ( on radio 1 , ed ) and therefore subject to the social debate . '', 
  `` the prime minister has , in our wish to emphasize above all that there is a problem with some newcomers in our society who share enough of our values . 
  rather than the fact that we or the media do not put in general that a number of young people police would have attacked in molenbeek . '' '', 
  me neither , but you never know , stranger things have probably happened . 
  there 's some controverse around this because apparently it was partly censored in belgium . 
  according to the flemish prime minister 200 people threw bottles , rocks and chanted to the police men because of their ` hero ' abdeslam 's arrest . 
  it would be negligent , i mean do n't get me wrong it would give me great pleasure to see them dangling from a rope , but we ca n't just let terrorists go to syria . 
  we have a responsibility , to syrians as well regardless of the state of their country , and just letting them go would be irresponsible . 
  on the other hand those that managed to go without getting caught should be deprived of their passport and all their belongings with a permanent entry ban to schengen . 
  just put the others on 24/7 surveillance , record every fart , arrest and detain them whenever the law allows it . 
   your alternative is sanctions , which means less stability and more immigrants ...  to the contrary , sanctions may reduce migration . 
  and ` less stability ' for an instable country/region is a hollow phrase . 
   yep , but when a nation gets richer , or at least stable , people do n't emigrate as much . 
  less arab immigrants means lower risk and welfare expenditures . 
  but that 's not an option . 
   or morocco and romania , 10-20 years ago they were the main countries of origin for migrants , now their numbers are close to 0 . 
  morocco close to 0 ? 
  i think you need to double down on the wine . 
  having open borders with germany or canada makes sense . 
  having open borders with north african/middle eastern countries absolutely not . 
  in that regard open borders to a certain extent indeed make sense . 
   most of italy 's migrants come from central africa , so you want stable states to buffer them . 
  i bet you * want * that . 
  making it happen will be a different story altogether . 
  in that case just take a pragmatic aproach , not an idealistic one . 
   plus , you know , unstable arab nations breed terrorists . 
  stable nations with arabs also breed terrorists . 
  do n't really see the difference there . 
  * falklandeilanden * argentina has exactly zero right on the islands . 
  * they should 've the right to self determination , do n't think i trust the un to handle that process though .
