  because of cultural differences ? 
  because of bureaucracy mostly , and highly developed industries . 
  it 's near impossible to hire illegal workers for any job that 's more complicated than pulling apples from trees or cleaning . 
  and pulling apples from trees or cleaning is either highly automatized , done by local youth ( who 're too young to work ) or done by eastern europeans . 
  and the average employer would rather have one pole than 10 somali 's due to work ethos , cultural difference and general development . 
  so this is relevant how ? 
  without a free trade treaty there 's naturally no free trade . 
  that 's a legacy of before the euro , and will only last for so long under constant decline . 
  where in the article do you read kenya imposing import barriers exactly ? 
   imagine how europe will look like in 20 years when current young population makes their way into politics . 
  young people generally take a turn to the right when they become adults . 
  the us is different though . 
  it 's much harder to work illegally in europe , it 's even harder to work without knowing the local language . 
  sure there are jobs , like truck drivers and seasonal agricultural work , but they 're occupied by tens of thousands of poles , bulgarians , and romanians . 
  no , some of them tried , but the british authorities were aware that if they succeeded a new route would be opened . 
  they acted accordingly . 
  the refugees were held in the british sovereign base area , and an agreement was reached with cyprus to process their claims . 
  a small part of turkey is geographically european , turkey as a whole is asian though . 
   but i believe a proper fiscal union would be a good thing for the eurozone on paper it is . 
  but we all know how europe works , you already provided a sneak preview in your reply ;  s. germany and france were not even fined for it - being the largest economies has its perks . 
  if i look at the way europe works and cooperates , i have very little faith in our political establishment . 
  i believe in the merit of a political union/state building even if you will , but not with all of europe . 
  a political union ( federal state ) with for example , netherlands , germany , austria would be grand , or even a western european union which borders end with italy , germany and austria . 
  but the current one will in the best of circumstances be museumized , and in the worst end up in a malfunctional mess that will be held together by oppression and authocracy . 
  pretty bad climate though , with occasional rains of saudi bombs . 
  now i would like to see what the support for turkish membership is in the eu itself . 
  in 2013 that was 20 % according to a poll from transatlantic trends [ 1 ] ( https://www.europa-nu.nl/id/vh9hce2h6wda/toetreding_turkije_tot_de_europese_unie ) . 
  i dread the day we would see akp in the ep with more seats than entire countries have to distribute . 
  no thank you very much . 
   compared to cee though , your economic strength is colossa . 
  romania has a gdp per capita of 55 % of the eu average . 
  i assume the netherland has considerably more than 100 % . 
   we had a high altitude to fall from yes , but decline is decline . 
  the eurozone has been detrimental to us . 
  just because we 're better than average does n't mean we do not want to improve ourselves . 
   there is an issue with countries joining the euro zone with less than ( the calculations vary , but let 's say ) 80 % of eu average gdp . 
  but the issue exists without the fiscal union , which i am hoping will be achieved in the near to medium future . 
  why do n't you just make your own economic succes instead of leeching of others . 
  this is exactly why i doubt the merits of a fiscal union , i support a limited fiscal union in order to make the eurozone functional ( though i 'm undecided wether i prefer that or a return to the guilder ) , but not in order to equalize regions . 
  i shall wash myself in white guilt in the knowledge that it is of course our fault that this happened , and not theirs for not managing their own markets properly . 
  when the choice is between being self sufficient in the most important resource on this planet ( food ) or being charitable to people who ca n't manage a market ( africans ) i shall go with the former . 
  let the latter help themselves , or face the consequences of their ( lack of ) actions . 
  they 're free to impose import barriers to european farmers , and that 's how it should be done . 
  if they do n't do that , their farmers should seek other jobs . 
   noone wants to join the eurozone . 
  not unless you have the economic strength of germany or holland . 
  economic strength ? 
  i can see you 've never been here , this country has gone down the drain ever since the euro . 
  let me [ share ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-gdp-growth.png?s=negdpeq&amp;v=201604041741n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231&amp;trend=2 ) our gdp trend with you , so you can tell me about our economic strength and willingness to ` join the euro ' . 
  it 's true , but what amazes me is that some countries find massive unbriddled immigration from the worst regions in the world as more important than the european project . 
   snow in april is not that rare that 's pretty rare here , snow is rare in decemeber , let alone april . 
   and the main dutch parties be flushed down the toilet for ignoring the will of the people . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  the issue is that there 's no alternative , and even if there was , people would only complain before and after the elections , and during they would vote for the same old shite . 
   i can not wait for the brexit , trump to become president me neither . 
  i really hope to see a brexit , not because of the turmoil , but because the uk should leave . 
  being the ` special kid ' is rather annoying . 
   a lot of japan 's public debt ( which is at 229 % of gdp according to the cia ) is domestically-owned by japanese , a lot of european public debt is as well . 
   the map that you 're responding to shows external debt , and that debt would n't be external , though it does mean that taxpayers would owe private japanese a lot of payments in the future . 
  external debt is not just public debt owed to foreign lenders . 
  interesting , i probably may as well write in chinese , things do n't seem to get through to you either way . 
  my comment was about crimea 's relation with ukraine for the time it was part of ukraine . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge by the way kid . 
   what should have been done , that 's a long list , starting by securing the crash site from day 1 . 
  this would no doubt have helped the investigation significantly , without people rampaging through the crashsite . 
  if you refer to the actual investigation , i 'm very curious why we have n't gotten sattelite imagery and raw primary radar data . 
  what is quite interesting about this is that according to the ukrainian ministry of transport , the investigators never asked for primary radar footage . 
  although according to the dutch government , they did ask for it , but all primary radar systems were deactivated due to maintenance at that day and ukraine does n't have it . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/31544/rampvlucht-mh17/article/detail/4239792/2016/02/06/radarbeelden-mh17-kwelling-voor-oekraine-en-nederland.dhtml ) this is just a list of things that makes me suspecious of the whole subject , i do n't care about russia , nor about ukraine , i want to know what happened , not your edgy ` russia did it , putin fascist , if you do n't howl with me , you 're a paid troll ' . 
  i would like to know a bit more than that , thanks for trying anyway . 
  yes i 've red it , the report says what the average newspaper said 2 days after the crash . 
  sorry you 're so obsessed with russia , but the comment tree was about crimea and ukraine . 
  i 'm really not interested in having every sentence end with russia when talking about somebody/thing else . 
  so you know nothing yet about what happened exactly with mh17 , great . 
  i had high hopes after your first response . 
  not when warring parties operate high altitude sam systems . 
  maybe read the reply next time , before grasping one of your template responses . 
  if you define ` knowing what happened ' by ` knowing who 's guilty ' then it is . 
  to me knowing what happened is a detailed summary of events . 
  share your account of the events then , i 'm all ears . 
   i was rather talking about the consulate in rotterdam asking for the names of people that spread `` offensive '' things it 's about time the turkish diplomatic mission in the netherlands is suspended until further notice . 
   and the current case of the dutch/turkish female journalist who ca n't leave turkey . 
  unfortunately there 's little we can do for our citizens who ( temporarily ) reside in turkey . 
  the pm and fm are in constant contact with her , but there 's only so much they can do . 
  ( and they 've shown they will not take any hard measures ), 
  as far as i 've seen referendums are n't worth anything in the netherlands . 
  the first one was a waste of time , the second was too . 
  but who knows , driemaal is scheepsrecht after all . 
  if the third ends up the same , they should annul the referendumlaw as any referendum would 've lost all credibility here . 
   are you able to stay though ? 
  same as in all eu countries in that regard . 
  it 's not schengen that will help you ( schengen is merely the abolition of permanent/systematical physical border controls ) , it 's their de facto membership of eea that allows freedom of movement between the eu and eea+s witserland . 
   quick , someone get merkel here ... she has had some issues with her mobility lately , she keeps sagging into a puddle of jellyfish-like substance . 
  you ca n't sign the actual petition for referendum until it has been ratified by parliament . 
  they 're only doing a popularity check now . 
  ( and i think it is n't getting as much attention as they hoped ) they need 300.000 signatures in the actual petition and they 're at 120.000 now . 
  regardless it 's a waste of time , the dutch government does n't do anything with referendums . 
   including the netherlands as you will know . 
  not really , it seems the law is only applicable when the foreign head of state is actually within our borders ( on a state visit ) . 
  the cabinet is busy removing the law as well .
