   never mind that the only money part of the deal i 'm aware of is access to financing from european investment bank which is money at interest that goes to projects that generally end up benefiting european business or infrastructure towards european commerce ( that is , not exactly charity ) . 
  here 's a list , just in case if you think only short term , i tend to have a wider view . 
  besides providing loans to a bankrupt state that has defaulted on its debt at reasonable interest levels is charity , not business . 
   and i 'm not sure how any provisions in the current negotiations signify free movement of labour , cohesion funds or , indeed , perspective of accession within short-to-medium term ( i.e. 
  next 10 + years ) . 
  you keep trying to ignore the whole context , in the end , this might be the one and only opportunity we have to vote for ukrainian eu aspirations , this means we should look past the coming few years and see the whole picture when we vote . 
  well that 's great , if it 's a rod in the wheels of the kurds it 's all the more likely the turks are on board . 
  i 'm aware the turks have proposed this before , always with double intentions though . 
  they want assad down and radical islamists in power , this is not acceptible . 
  which is one of the reasons why the eu has been so devastating and threatens sustainability of our competitiveness . 
  but we do have to pay for it , we 've been paying for it ever since they played this game post-ww2 . 
  whoe , how passive aggressive of you . 
  i do n't think my message made it to you , the factual reality is that you can violate the sovereign territory of other states , the factual reality is that you can violate international law . 
  it can also be changed without a deal . 
  sure , just tired of the endless ` we ca n't do this , we ca n't do that , we ca n't do anything ' . 
  ` ca n't ' lies in the graveyard , next to ` wo n't ' . 
  we can do that , but it 's probably not a good idea . 
   you can have one ( harmonisation ) , but not the other , do n't you think ? 
  you can , but that 's not the mean as you put it as well ;  ... it 's the path towards being a viable candidate state that matters to us . 
  --  it seems the no-camp seeks to `` improve the democracy '' at home , while seeking to put obstacles to a proper democratic path for a third party that 's almost entirely unrelated to the subject of the dispute . 
  forgive me for not sympathising with your cause . 
  it 's double , many people are not exactly thrilled to have another beggar state as source of even more immigration join the table as well . 
   forgive me for not sympathising with your cause . 
  i did not ask for your sympathy . 
  i did n't propose anything for europe . 
  once we undo our shackles we will be able to keep up , as for the rest of europe much of it does n't have any significant level of prosperity . 
   and with less prosperity , you get more social tensions and eventually less freedom to hold the state together . 
  not to mention that peace comes from your power , hard and soft , and both of those need money . 
  it 's not as simple as one or the other , you need one for the other . 
  exactly , all the more reason to leave the eu . 
  it will be difficult to peacefuly dismember what you build by force . 
  us dominance wo n't go down without some fireworks . 
  i do n't think it 's desirable nor viable for either the us or the rest of the world . 
  you know that eagle is sitting on a lot of eggs , and when ms. eagle leaves nest , that what hatches from those eggs will not be pretty . 
   yes it was . 
   no , it was n't . 
  the eu was and is intended as a vehicle for national governments , not the other way around . 
   the eu is an entity . 
  especially economically . 
  where have you been the last 30 years ? 
  eu = / = europe , and even the eu is n't an entity in any meaningful way . 
   when we get fundamentalist christians and people calling for free market healthcare come talk to me . 
  we dropped our healthcare system and build towards a free market healthcare system , though it was n't done by christian fundamentalist , we have our fair share of them in our bible belt as well . 
  that 's nice , it still does n't change it though . 
   btw , political convergence ( external pressure to harmonise our legislation etc. 
  to eu standards ) is one of the more important parts for us ( the euro-optimistic civil society ) . 
  that thing that arguably constitutes the `` future '' i mentioned . 
  so how can you say this , while at the same time saying the agreement is not in any way tied to eu aspirations ? 
  of course the two are inherently tied . 
  ukraine has eu aspirations , an association agreement is the first step , wether that agreement formally promises anything or not does n't change that . 
  i 'm fairly confident in saying we would be in a lot better state without the eu as it was concieved in 1992 . 
  without the euro primarily , that was the biggest cause of decline . 
  but without the mass immigration of both unskilled , as well as highly skilled europeans as well . 
  not just the immigration itself , but human exploitation through eu laws as well . 
  ( ee working beneath minimum wage , without taxes etc. ), 
  the netherlands can not decide over trade . 
  if the outcome of the referendum is a no , a proposal will be drafted in parliament to annul previous ratification , if our parliament would then honor the outcome , the association agreement will still enter force excluding the segments that make it a mixed treaty . 
  so a part of the association agreement ( including the trade part , which is an exclusive comeptence ) will be implemented regardless of the outcome . 
  it will be the rest ( monetary assistance , political convergence/committees etc. ), 
  that would be scrapped . 
  by the way , ukrainian eu aspirations are inherently tied to this agreement . 
   i think the idea that individual countries will give up their own self-interest is a myth . 
  i agree , but even if , would you , provided you would be a citizen of denmark , the netherlands or sweden for example , want to cede virtually all major decisions to a federal government together with countries like romania , bulgaria , hungary , croatia etc. 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  if we 're going to do this , why not do it with states that are on equal footing ? 
  you 're essentially saying that piss poor corrupt states are going to nose in our matters . 
  any federalisation has become impossible since the eastern expansion , at least in my opinion that is . 
  but hypothetically , given that eastern expansion did n't happen and we still had the weu , it still would n't be viable without breaking up all states to a roughly equal size . 
  i see you 've chosen to circumvent the argument , try harder next time . 
  hmm , maybe that 's too dunglish . 
  i meant that portugal may have improved , but that we have declined . 
   because the eu is weak . 
  a strong eu with truly continental eu wide politicians would fix this . 
   while we are in agreement here , this was never the intention of the eu , and it is unlikely it will ever change in that direction . 
  it 's simply not designed to be like this . 
  i do n't know why you think so highly of the us but the moment europe is n't that useful for them we do n't matter . 
  its incredibly naive to think international politics are run by good will . 
  europe is a continent , not an entity . 
  ` staying useful ' ( making your relation mutually beneficial ) is something up to each memberstate . 
   we also do n't have the most in common with the us at all politically . 
  i did n't talk about denmark . 
  our politics has become increasingly like the us too . 
  privatization , free markets , individual freedom , less social manufacturing etc. 
  today we 're much alike the us , more than we 've ever been the past century . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not given much of an alternative . 
  i mean we had the referendum on the constitution , but that thing was just pushed through anyway after a decisive no . 
  besides you should n't let your future and livelihood depend solely on us , try standing in our shoes as well to understand that what you call your future and livelihood ( eu aspirations ) will have negative implications for us once again . 
  if the eu functioned , and it would be mutual beneficial , i would vote for your eu aspirations . 
  but european countries just do n't have what it takes to make this a mutually beneficial project , especially eastern europe . 
  and it wo n't be different with ukraine i expect . 
  and there we disagree . 
  you know if some poison makes you ill , it 's generally not a good idea to take more of it . 
   the eu is an economic union , it 's more than that . 
  if it was an economic union it would be fine . 
  but it 's also a political union , and one with certain ambitions . 
  then we will be faced with a new reality that may require different decisions or aspirations . 
   at the end of the day us will always prioritze themselves over europeans . 
  and germans will always prioritize themselves over europeans , and french will always prioritize france over europeans , and british ... etc. 
  in this equation we have the most in common with the us , so they 're the best partner . 
  at the cost of us .
