  where is come moderation in all this , are we that eager to fight another war in europe ? 
  i do n't see why , i do n't think any sane person expected these jets to engage the vessel . 
  i think it is though , i ca n't even cross the german-dutch border without controls anymore . 
  that use to be one of the greatest feats of europe , open borders . 
  an eu army would require an eu foreign policy , i do n't feel much for sharing either of that with eastern europe . 
  it does n't mention wether they actually violated sovereign airspace or not . 
  media likes to conflate flying in controlled airspace to violating sovereign airspace , either because they do n't know any better or for cheap credits . 
  while both are different ( the first is legal , the second is n't ), 
   we 're still waiting on russia to admit formal military involvement in ukraine . 
   you 've been waiting for far too long , putin admitted the military take over in crimea long ago . 
  turkey deliberately used the international channel to warn the russian jet . 
  the ruaf does n't use that channel , as everybody is aware . 
  if an increase in supply ( ` printing ' more ) is met with an increase in demand ( foreign hoarding ) it wo n't devalue . 
  everytime the russians ` threaten us ' they stay in international airspace . 
  it 's only news because f16 's are scrambled . 
  they 've only violated our sovereign airspace once , and they probably wo n't make a habit out of that because they will be shot if they cross the line . 
  the baltics or other countries could be a different story , i do n't know , but often it 's heavily exegerated . 
  on the other hand , it 's just a game and i wo n't complain about it , the netherlands does the same all the time , only more secretly . 
  so that gives you automatically the right to tax money from other peoples ? 
  great idea of a union you have there . 
  kind of exactly the reason why i opposed eastern expansion , we 're not a breathing charity here in service of you . 
  yes , treatment . 
  food , shelter , medical care , counceling , it all costs money . 
  if they have money it is no more than reasonable they help pay for it . 
  jep , ca n't always spend on only things you like . 
  besides 40 million is nothing . 
  otherwise one could also cancel the agreement if 40 million is really too much . 
  too bad the creditors in the case of greece are the other ez states . 
  inflation . 
  i 'm not sure wether that should be done by the organizers though . 
   soviet russia created the ussr , but russia was just one part of the ussr . 
  apparently only when it suits you . 
  sure , best remedy to that seems to be to attempt to alter the treaty and put a revised treaty up for popular vote again . 
  if you would reverse that , the fact we foot these bills is pointless , the fact you complain about them even more so . 
  why do n't the baltic states finance their own cap , so that we give our taxes to our own farmers ? 
  it 's unfortunate , but on the other hand no is no , and no is not ` yes , but ' . 
  and you missed it . 
  you ca n't fit the world population in la , we would all starve , die of diseases or otherwise . 
   is it ? 
  --  `` all of you know that , because we have too few children . '', 
  that does not sound familiar to you ? 
   but the referendum at no point gave us any clear reason as to why people voted yes or no . 
  you can certainly speculate about why people voted the way they did but there is no clear reason . 
   of course there was , vote in support or opposition to the treaty . 
   any assistance is too much since it still leaves geenstijl/tmg/pvv free to say `` they ignored us ! '' . 
  unfortunately for them , politics is about compromise . 
   there is literally nothing controversial in there . 
  i would 've to agree , but it was mentioned once or twice by people who were worried . 
  i personally do n't really care either way . 
   why ? 
  why insert a negative statement ? 
  you could just as well have a line in the treaty state `` at no point do any of the involved countries admit the existence of unicorns '' . 
  as a message to eastern europe and ukraine to not get false hopes and show that there is opposition to it to be overcome or to be subdued by . 
   and even if we did , which france has practically done with the rsa and aspa benefits , it would n't fix anything . 
  the real issue is that we 're too many for our own good . 
  that 's so accurate it is scary . 
   many people do think like that so i can understand why he thought you were serious . 
  i 've yet to meet the first . 
   we ca n't hear sarcastic tone via message board . 
  agreed , but adding a / s generally ruines the joke . 
  it is probably born out of weakness , yes . 
  their fear for nato is often misunderstood , people ridicule it in the west as propaganda , a conspiracy or attempts at ` creating a common enemy ' , but i do understand them . 
   so you acknowledge that the referendum at no point gave us any clear reason as to why people voted yes or no ? 
  no , there are several reasons why people have voted yes or no . 
   if so , what exactly do you propose the government/eu changes in the agreement ? 
  the government could reduce financial assistance , scrap the military chapter , add a chapter saying the eu has no obligation to meet future membership aspirations . 
  oh yes i triggered quite a few , unfortunately not all could see or appreciate the joke . 
   this incident was dangerous , provocative , and unprofessional , it was yes , but that 's their point . 
  they want to be unpredictible because that sort of behaviour instills fear . 
  maybe consider the eu as a whole , and not romania as a separate country ? 
  there 's always a way . 
  i would be fine with that . 
  i understand canada for not being happy about a visa free travel agreement with romania , but i can also understand romania . 
  romania is an eu-memberstate , canada is n't , we should side with them not canada . 
  if the people of kaliningrad want to be independent , that would be their call . 
  that 's probably way more likely to happen than it being merged with poland or lithuania . 
  both countries probably would n't even want it . 
  though this is unlikely now , some years back russia tried to get rid of kaliningrad by offering it back to germany in exchange for money , right now it is strategically too important for cold war 2.0 . 
  i doubt it , you probably just only heard the stories from one side . 
  if russians are flying or sailing in international waters the average / r/europe visitor is already calling for ww3 . 
  sort of , the difference being there 's no mugger , and so no mugger to threaten/deter . 
  of course everybody has their own reasons to justify their aggression . 
  if the baltics contributed more , there would be more to give to baltic farmers . 
  nothing as i did n't , i simply acknowledge the right of every voter to have their own reason to vote x or y. 
  but there 's a reason for romania to block the agreement with canada as well . 
  so what now ... 
  nobody ever gave you the authority to decide what the referendum was or was n't about . 
  it was about everything that compelled people to vote in a certain way . 
  in some cases that 's ` fuck the eu ' , in many others it differs from ` do n't want more poor corrupt states to join ' , to ` do n't want to pour my money into more mob-states ' to ` ukraine is a sad case , but russia is economically more important ' to a dozen and one other reasons . 
  many of these reasons can perfectly be adressed by adjustments to the agreement . 
  i see some humor is n't recieved by all . 
  indeed , but they 're not only refered to as turks/moroccans , they also by and large consider themselves as such . 
  the polish death camps around auswitz were the largest in europe though . 
  was n't the title a hint at trump ? 
  you just made the wall 10 feet higher . 
   we do register which country people 's parents were born in ; but that 's pretty much how we define and identify with ethnicity . 
  marvelous idea , and build a wall around russia and make the russians pay for it . 
  the presence of the ship is to threaten/deter russia . 
  it may not be unusual , as threatening russia is common policy of nato ( it 's its reason for existence after all ) but that does n't change the message . 
  well i 'll be damned , i gues it 's disputed .
