  regardless let them bring it to court if they want , i 'm confident it will be put down . 
  to reintroduce extinct species on the south american continent of course . 
   we know what happened . 
  literally 99 % of the world knows who is responsible . 
  ` the russians did it ' is not ` knowing ' what happened . 
  all lack of progress . 
  it 's been nearly 2 years , and they have n't gotten further than they were 2 days after the incident . 
  we were talking about ukraine , crimea was in ukraine before it 's accession to russia , it not was part of russia at the time . 
  it was a russian matter as well , crimea being given to ukraine by , as it later turned out , a mistake . 
  having a russian majority and important naval base . 
  these things do n't happen in a vacuum . 
  the government did n't pass on information to the airliners . 
  the intelligence and cabinet knew it , they decided to keep it secret . 
  nice to see this inconvenient truth is being instantly downvoted . 
  you people are just like the / r/russians , maybe even worse . 
   vowel that 's the word i was looking for , thank you . 
  lol omg wtf dude , could you provide evidence for your statement ? 
  because diesel-electric subs are quieter . 
  if it was clear , we would 've known a bit more nearly 2 years after it happened do n't you think ? 
  it is most likely the rebels shot it down , but the lack of progress in the whole story makes me think that that which really happened is uncomfortable for more than one side of the story . 
   it was given to ukraine during the soviet era and was retained by ukraine after the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  crimea tried to become independent after the dissolution of the su , it was only retained by ukraine because they denied them the right of self determination . 
   because the airspace above that was supposed to be safe . 
  the rebels were n't supposed to have buks or the capacities to operate them it was n't . 
  europe was aware the rebels operated buks before mh17 , ukraine warned european ambassadors about this . 
  these were no rumours either , as a military transport plane was shot down from 7km prior to mh17 . 
  everybody knew the rebels operated buks , yet nobody acted . 
  the f-35 has an internal bay as well , with double the amount of hard points . 
  you do n't throw uranium in a reactor like you throw diesel in a combustion engine . 
  i 'm fairly certain australia does not have the means to actually produce/handle/recycle fuel rods , or even the elements they put into a fuel rod . 
  ( which is not the uranium you dig up ), 
   just curious , what circumstances made you come up with a separate word for that ? 
  it 's not a separate word , we just like to merge words . 
  a lion 's ' cage for example is a ` leeuwenkooi ' not a leeuwen kooi . 
  going back to ` rots ' , if you have a rots intended for climbing it 's a ` klimrots ' . 
  the english took some of this habit of us , but not nearly as much . 
  if the first word ends with a klinker ( a , e , y , i , o , u ) and the second word starts with one you add a ' - ' . 
  so it 's praktijkexamen ( practical exam ) and theorie-examen ( theory exam ) apenrots is simply the grammatically correct way to write it . 
  do n't know how to else to explain it in english . 
  not necessarily when that naval carrier group is centered around conventional turbine powered carrier and surface combattants . 
   it 's not just your traditional religious bigot anti-semites , you get the hard-left doing it too . 
  did n't they merge a while back though ? 
  that 's basically their entire deterrent though . 
  unlike the french , the british do not have a diverse arsenal . 
  of course  nothing to be ashamed about though , the walrus class are excellent submarines . 
  just because we 've a small subsurface fleet does n't mean we operate rubbish . 
  unfortunately their future seems uncertain . 
   technologically , that changes a lot of things . 
  for example on long time immersions and deep ocean experience . 
   you do n't build a ssbn that can spend months under deep waters like a little coastal submarine . 
  fair point , but if they wanted an ssbn that can spend months under deep waters they would 've picked nuclear propolsion . 
  a better choice for almost all countries though . 
  non-nuclear submarines are quieter and so more stealthy , their limited radius is n't an issue if they operate in ( near ) coastal waters . 
  their size allows them to be used for a variety of tasks ( insurgency , intelligence collection ) many armies ( even the us ) lack these abilities , which is why they often ask the dutch walrus class for example for these sort of operations . 
  do n't forget the walrus class , it sunk a carrier including escorts as well , without being detected . 
   is the only one with us and russia able to build nuclear propelled and big ssbn submarines . 
  but they want a dieselelectric sub , so not sure how relevant that is . 
  germany has tons of experience with this as well , probably even more than france . 
  besides your article points out the f-22 only has 2 hard points , it already loses from the f-35 there . 
  jea no , even wilders is a much better person than erdogan . 
  is it that hard to get a bunch of second hand f-16 's or some new gripens ? 
  what 's the point of flying a museum inventory as airforce . 
  the f-22 is an airsuperiority fighter , the f-35 a strike fighter . 
  both have their own purpose , comparing them would be hard . 
  in a ` dogfight ' the f-22 wins , when striking multiple ground targets the f-35 wins . 
  turkey ? 
  absolutely never . 
  albania , moldova , serbia , bosnia , macedonia and montenegro should eventually though ( provided they want to ) . 
  they 're small , much closer to us , and located within an exclave between eu members . 
   he 's oppressing free speech in turkey , not in netherlands . 
  a dutch journalist was arrested in turkey , while she was in custody her home in amsterdam was looted . 
  he also wants to sue hans teeuwen , erdogan also gave forms to dutch turks to sue geert wilders . 
  he 's trying to oppress free speech whereever he rears his ugly head . 
  why on earth would that be a casus belli . 
  unfortunately you do n't need one , sultan tayyip and his clan have found a timemachine and brought turkey two centuries back in time instead . 
   and so many modern turks will have to flee ( including myself ) please flee towards the east , i heard kazakhstan is nice this time of the year , lots of room too . 
  do you think anybody within the sultanate is aware that they 're constantly making it worse with their behaviour ? 
  [ it 's probably ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tfqhaudh.jpg ) one of the more charming depictions of him . 
  in real life he looks more like the alter-ego of gollum . 
  apenrots just means ' a rock where apes live on ' . 
  rots in dutch also has a wider meaning than the english ` rock ' , it can also mean a large plateau on a mountainside a rocky elevation , or a cliff . 
   luxembourg seperated from the dutch crown because they did n't allow female sucessors while we did . 
  in republican netherlands , even monarchs are progressive . 
  turkey is coming closer to an eu-membership i see , this should be sufficient to succesfuly close another two chapters at least . 
   poor people ca n't easily afford water , of course they are going to try to get it for free . 
  this is not a crime done due to a lack of water , nor does poverty mean that people have no decency . 
  there are plenty of very decent poor people . 
   poor as if poverty has anything to do with it . 
   english people i did not know english people come from sub-sahara/central africa . 
   also how do you know they would be illegal immigrants if they 're migrants ? 
  i do not , hence i put illegal between ' ( ) ' . 
  what i do know is that the uk got most of it 's ( non-eu ) immigration from south asia , not central africa , taking the recent migratory moves into consideration it was a matter of what is most likely . 
  hence i added ' i think ' , emphasizing it was an educated gues , but not clear cut . 
  they 're still oct 's , only 3 islands became a special municipality of the european netherlands after the referendum , and the other 3 became separate states within the kingdom . 
  that map is old though , the netherlands antilles does n't exist anymore . 
  the open borders where you only have to show a passport , but are free to go , work , live , study anywhere you want in the eu . 
  those open borders . 
  euhm you must 've confused the ' - ' . 
  the netherlands is the largest per capita net contributor in the eu , romania is the recipient of much of that being a net reciever . 
  norway does n't want to join for the same reasons iceland and switserland do n't want to , they 're a succesful country and have nothing to gain from joining a politically unstable and fundamentally divided transfer union of averages .
