   the house of saud and daesh are not exactly friends . 
  or so they would 've you believe . 
  you do n't have cheese in turkey , only starch which looks like cheese . 
  often they 're also with gyros or falafel . 
  it 's the cheese and other vegetables that does it . 
  it 's also available with other meat than d\u00f6ner . 
  abomination ? 
  now , now , this is the dutch version of kebab . 
  it 's called ` kapsalon ' ( barber saloon ) , it 's fries , with d\u00f6ner on top , with salad , tomato 's , onion etc. 
  topped with gouda cheese put under a grill to melt the cheese over it . 
  it 's a calory bomb , but if you 're not careful you 'll eat your fingers with it . 
   what sort of kebap ? 
   i hope not the kapsalons [ 1 ] ( http://hungryforhealthyfood.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/17433_kapsalon.jpg ) . 
   owed 80000 ducati to venice that 's quite a lot , what kind of ducati 's , mostro 's , diavels or testastretta 's ? 
  in any case , they 're not touching my mostro if they come short . 
  saudi actions in syria are aimed at supporting is , nusra and affiliates , hardly worth praise , if anything it should recieve scrutiny . 
  hold your brown shirts there kamerad , the uk will be just fine outside the eu and nobody is going to make them ` pay ' for self determination . 
  the uk had collaborators as well . 
  the buf for example . 
   so how is the mother going to compensate that to the child ? 
  that 's something she 'll have to consider when she decides to keep a child without the consent of the man . 
  there is clearly legal inequality . 
  a woman can abort a child , a male ca n't . 
  that 's inequality . 
  it 's legal abortion for men that 's needed for the purpose of equality before the law . 
  it clearly does n't , abortion is one of them . 
  quite the sexist misandrist are n't you ? 
  what happened to all that feminism and equal rights ? 
  that 's why they call it * legal * abortion , just read the article . 
  well obviously the woman decides wether to do an actual abortion , but i think it 's right for the man to be able to decide to do the same in the legal way . 
  if a woman decides to keep a child without the consent of the man , she should be sole responsible for it . 
  it does when you have 5 million people footing the bill in a country the size of california . 
  any reason in particular you 're planning to move ? 
  i 'm also looking into emigrating by the way , i have the same feeling that the netherlands and by extension much of europe is deteriorating in pretty much any metric . 
  political , economical and social everything is changing for the worst , at least in my opinion . 
  to stay in control of the eu and not have it start living its own life . 
  they 're saying that migrants already taken in the past few years should be counted as well in quota 's . 
  which is fair . 
   we could have arrangements with certain countries with a similar standard of education and similar wage expectations to not require work visas . 
  this would mean we could still benefit from the talent pool of northern and western europe it would be the most sensible of both worlds , no idea if it can be done though . 
  i suppose it 's possible . 
   i am also sick and tired of all the veiled threats about cutting eu funds . 
  good , now you understand how other people think about you . 
   just fucking do it and leave us alone . 
  you 're barking up the wrong tree , i would 've done it already if i could 've . 
   the money is not worth being forced to participate in your insane experiment . 
  that might be but cutting eu funds is not sufficient in that case . 
  this ` europe free , peaceful and prosperous ' might have to be renamed to ` western europe free , peaceful and prosperous ' . 
  so we would need to boot you out of the ` insane experiment ' altogether , not just the eu funds or migration quota 's . 
  borders in the west were never really an issue , it was the eastern borders that were a horrible hassle . 
  hours and hours of waiting , often emptying your entire trunk , non-friendly border guards who felt charged with power etc. 
   freedom to move , work and study in close to 30 countries . 
  a little over even , 31 to be precise . 
  free travel/movement and free trade . 
  yes , i 'm sorry i did n't do that in advance , / u/saltysolomon pointed it out and he 's right . 
  the eternal russian is behind it all , we have underestimated the priory of moscow for too long . 
  not every km2 of the earth is equally inhabited . 
   also just have a look at his comment history : / . 
  oh my ... that explains a lot . 
  but why ? 
  do you not agree many minorities brought a lot of value to our society ? 
  like the surinamese and the indonesians ? 
  also you should not be equating skin color to any inherent cultural or social norms , people are by and large a product of their environment , not their genes . 
  i 'm not sure why you banned him , seems unreasonable . 
  he just says what he wants , he should be allowed to speak freely . 
  now if he would say ` kill all non-whites ' or anything related that would be compeltely different . 
  i think you made an unbalanced decision here , it would be better if people could just say what 's on their minds , preventing them from doing so only radicalizes them . 
  just consider that by doing this you 're not allowing him to be confronted with opposing views , therefor there ` sno chance for him to either change his mind or at least understand the opposition and find some moderation in his thoughts . 
  but that 's just my 2 cents , you 're the mod . 
   so thank you all for paying for it , i guess or as we say ; ` een sigaar uit eigen doos . ', 
   he reiterated vienna 's call for a quota system , saying many countries that are net recipients of eu funding had to step up and do their share to resolve a difficult situation with thousands of people stranded on greece 's border with macedonia . 
  he 's right , it would be unfair to impose quota 's ( which will again include more for austria relatively than the east ) and ignore everything that happened before the quota 's . 
  we should n't constantly walk on eggs with eastern europe , they need to step up their game and show they 're committed as well as we are , otherwise they 're just in it all for self enrichtment and they should be treated differently as a result . 
   =  any idea what the belgian one is based on ? 
  belgian colonial rule was so vicious even the then empires were concerned about the suffering . 
  for example for every bullet spend belgian soldiers needed to present a hand ( without the arm etc. 
  attached of course ) hands were also used as trophy and sometimes even as currency , because there were so many cut of hands in congo . 
  if a soldier brought more hands than required he could also shorten his military service ( dispatched earlier ) . 
   before latest waves of economic problems big russian cities hosted hundred thousands of illegal migrants working illegal jobs . 
  officially it was about 1 million of illegal migrants in moscow alone . 
   mostly illegal immigrants from ex-ussr republics though . 
   and why putin would want to stop them ? 
  because a 100.000 + people per month coming in cause a lot of trouble . 
  in a way that is , violence bringing an end to violence . 
  but it worked . 
  it looks like patience is not the only thing you 've little left of . 
  charming person you are , move along then . 
  i doubt it , at least not in the current numbers . 
  the russians may have some fun with a few thousand , they 'll put a stop to it once it becomes hundred thousands or even millions . 
  also that route is generally just harsher , more dangerous and more difficult . 
  yes , was just wondering what you thought of being in a federation with hungary and bulgaria as a starter . 
  if you would n't support that already , well a european federation would be even further , unless of course you 're only interested in self enrichment , in which case your plea is doomed for failure . 
  i could have supported a european federation , provided it only included western europe and the eastern border would go around germany , austria and italy . 
  good , when can we expect romania , hungary and bulgaria to merge ? 
  here , you dropped something ; / s, 
  luckily that 's not up to you , you 're free to vote for giving up on romania though . 
   [ ... ] average [ ... ] 1.85 dollars an hour [ ... ] that will do . 
  well euhm ... glad you left . 
  patience , we have ukraine on the hook . 
  if you ca n't think of a better argument to be pro-eu that says a lot does n't it ?
