  if she 's a responsible person that responsibility will weigh in on her decision making . 
  if she decides to have the child but is not able to take care of it , the child should be removed by childprotection services and put up for adoption . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the one that 's not making sense . 
  you keep talking about a supposed child while there 's no child in the equation . 
  if the child-to-be requires financial support from the man the woman should abort the pregnancy if there 's no mutual consent . 
  there are no childs rights during abortion period because there 's no child . 
  and if a child is allowed to be developed without/against the consent of the man , the childs right are greater than the mothers , and should n't have any application on the father . 
  by choice of the woman alone , so the child is her responsibility . 
  common energy market , including common production , common distribution and common retail . 
  would greatly increase economic competitiveness and reduce pollution . 
  i see the independent has been working hard to add pictures of women and children again . 
  most recent one i could find was a poll from a few days ago done by i&o research put it at 57 % against , and 43 % for . 
  they asked over 2500 people . 
  including ` do n't knows ' it 's 44 % against , 33 % for , and 23 % do n't know . 
  turnout is polled at 37 % . 
  and then the drone falls , now that 's exactly what they 're trying to prevent . 
  such as ? 
  keep in mind without having it drop to the ground . 
  for example consider a concert/festival outdoors and somebody is playing with a drone and camera above a crowd . 
  if a drone of 2-4 kilo for some reason falls ( battery empty , malfunction or whatever ) on someones head in the crowd that could easily be lethal . 
  now try removing that without hurting any people , an eagle seems to make a lot of sense . 
  he carries the drone to a safe place and there 's that . 
  no 50 meters . 
  the statement was made by a national eagle training/handling club or however you may call it in english . 
  the ratification is no longer valid . 
  after the referendum , provided the outcome is no , they will have to pass it again . 
   and head of the european parliament . 
  he does n't act like one . 
  did you know he changes adopted legislation after they 've past the european parliament ? 
  he also uses funds given to him to execute his role as parliament president for his election campaigns to become president of the european commission . 
  he also promised high paying jobs to his employees if they helped him . 
  this man is an excellent example of everything that 's wrong in europe , a vile , vicious , narcissistic , corrupt and immoral dinosaur who respects nothing but his own ego . 
  did i mention he called the former italian pm a jewish concentration camp collaborator ? 
  i see martin is meddling in affairs of non-eu countries as well that are none of his business . 
  sorry to all americans here , martin turned a bit bitter , he always wanted to be president of the commission but never gotten further than being president of the ep . 
  his insatiable hunger for power has turned him bitter and rancorous . 
  you 're not allowed to fly a drone at night , and if you do the rest , you 're planning on breaking the law that 's not really the idea here . 
  the eagles purpose is to take out consumer drones from people unaware they 're doing something dangerous . 
  ( flying above people , flying close to airfields , close to trauma helicopters etc. ), 
  you 're not familiar with conditioning ? 
  they are looking into ways of providing additional protection to the birds legs . 
  that said , the project is not intended to take down military grade surveillance drones or anything , as interviews show they 're intended to take out normal consumer drones . 
  but i gues the more they can , the better the results . 
  depends on the blade probably , the plastic small blades of a consumer drone are no problem . 
  the eagle 's feet can handle quite a lot ( they 're use to being bitten by prey they snatched ) but eagles are pretty fast and smart as well . 
  there 's a bit of controverse surrounding it , first of all not one eagle has been injured yet , but they 've only been testing on consumer drones . 
  professional drones are probablly a very dangerous and impossible target for the eagle . 
  the problem is that an eagle can only fly about 50m in the netherlands , then it 's exhausted because it is use to using thermal wind flows in mountains , not its wings for much of its flight . 
  second eagle 's can get very frustrated if they ca n't catch their prey , so frustrated that it can attack a human when it ca n't get a drone , and it can easily kill a child . 
  no they did n't , william i turned the netherlands into the ` united kingdom of the netherlands ' which fell apart 17 years after our liberation during the belgian revolution . 
   we 're only taking in syrians for humanitarian reasons . 
  you 're only taking them in because you know they 'll be swimming to greece and thus provide for excellent political capital to increase turkish grip on occupied cyprus and squeeze money , visa free travel and membership out of a weak and divided eu as well as continue building turkey into a sultanate/caliphate without international complaint . 
   also the unreported numbers of rape in most countries are close to 80-90 percent . 
  how would you know that if they 're not reported ? 
  there 's demand driven deflation and supply driven deflation , both translate into the same number , but do not have the same cause and effect . 
  stop treating inflation as if it 's holy , there 's more to the story than the cpi . 
  the french republic did n't clean up anything though , they were a mess , made a mess and left a mess until we were liberated . 
   and the ineffectiveness of it all before the french came in and cleaned up the mess . 
  what ? 
  the french suffered an overall defeat . 
  despite attacking the netherlands together with the uk and some germans , the dutch republic destroyed the british fleet , the germans ran back mid way during a siege and the french ended up withdrawing and giving territory to the netherlands ( maastricht ) . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-dutch_war ), 
  that 's why unification should be done in a unitary state , not a federal one . 
  that way there will be no clear transfers . 
  it was never settled , they just decided we would both govern over the disputed area . 
  greedy germans could n't stand sharing a sea arm despite their size . 
  80 % of the population is in europe . 
  obviously east friesland belongs to friesland , therefor the netherlands . 
  make ready the 12 pounders !, 
  unifying ireland would make the map more fluent as well . 
  [ yes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/16/bakker_schut-plan.png/500px-bakker_schut-plan.png ) , let 's finally do it . 
  would n't you like to see a united ireland ? 
  because sucking off of ` foreign ' tax payers is , contrary to popular believe , not at all always the best situation . 
  it sounds horrible now if you think about losing a lot of transfers , but they could actually end up in better conditions if they did . 
  because when you stop holding up hands you 'll have to grab a shovel or pitchfork . 
  as well as the fact that the ` holding up hands ' generally ends up in a contest of who can nick the most . 
  why do n't you go [ read my replies ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49q3ju/ukraine_and_turkey_hold_joint_naval_exercise/d0un3fd ) so i do n't have to repeat myself . 
  no , the minister is just a politician . 
  the commander in chief is in charge of operational-strategical , planning , deployment and command of the military branches ( air , sea , land ) . 
  ( excluding mp ) he is the primary advisor of the minister . 
  try harder . 
  they 're just a minister , not commander in chief . 
  because germans are use to this kind of system . 
  they 're not familiar with opposition , concensus or compromise . 
  this is also a main factor behind inter-european tensions between germany and other states . 
  so is the german elite , but you do n't hear about that unless you have something to gain . 
  the timing is clearly staged . 
   [ ... ] `` with her four nuclear submarines in the south atlantic , she 's threatening to unleash an atomic weapon against argentina if i do n't provide her with the secret codes that will make the missiles we sold the argentinians deaf and blind . '', 
  she blames me personally for this new trafalgar ... 
  i was obliged to give in . 
  she 's got them now , the codes . '', 
   mr mitterrand - who once described mrs thatcher as `` the eyes of caligula and the mouth of marilyn monroe '' - went on : `` one can not win against the insular syndrome of an unbridled englishwoman . 
  provoke a nuclear war for a few islands inhabited by three sheep as hairy as they are freezing !, 
  but it 's a good job i gave way . 
  otherwise , i assure you , the lady 's metallic finger would have hit the button . '', 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/nov/22/books.france ), 
  implying a woman ca n't be a capable defense minister ? 
   in someone 's opinion famous for being inept in war matters margret tatcher inept in war matters ? 
  she said she would nuke buenos aires if the french did n't gave missile launch codes . 
  i do n't think that woman was to be trifled with .
