  adding a sentence verbatim from within the 1st paragraph or byline that is more representative of the content is generally ok but only where it improves clarity . 
   misleading titles - even if taken directly from the submission , a title must not be misleading . 
  if what one assumes from reading the title is different from what the article says or what is reported by multiple other sources , then your submission may be removed . 
  this also applies if the title states an opinion as a fact . 
  if the original title is misleading , you may give it a more neutral \\ factual title . 
  you can discuss the content of the article in the comment section . 
   the result of the referendum is rather unimportant regarding a non existing nexit movement . 
  right now russian active measures services have successfully saddled dutch `` discontent about fucking things '' movement and are using it to hurt ukraine . 
   ` everything i do n't agree with is caused by the eternal ~ ~ jew ~ ~ russian . ', 
  ^ ^ tm eastern civil doctrine ( c ) all rights reserved . 
   the dutch title is literally `` we do n't care about ukraine '' ...  -----  let me translate it for you , [ ... ]  ` we do n't care about ukraine ' [ ... ] --  that statement in the interview is followed up by : `` a nexit-referendum is currently impossible . 
  that is why we will grasp any possibility to increase tensions between the netherlands and the eu . '', 
  they do say some more reasonable stuff later on , but the article itself does lead with my first 2 quotes . 
  you ca n't just read the article , take every juicy sentence and mix it up in an ever juicier title . 
  it 's against the rules as well . 
  nice editorialized title you have there . 
  let me translate it for you , as the article is juicy enough without your spin to it ;  ` we do n't care about ukraine '  they are the initiators behind the referendum about the eu-ukraine association agreement . 
  but for them it 's about something completely different . 
  because it 's [ insert current year ] . 
  protecting borders is s\u00f3\u00f3 yesterday . 
  we had a little more modern planes , around 35 fokker g1 's and some fokker dxii 's and fokker d-xxi 's . 
  a lot were lost due to the surprise attack of the germans though . 
  the aa was indeed modern and recently upgraded , however it was only effective around fortress holland . 
  it was n't capable of defending rotterdam either for example and there were more cities in range , if i recall correctly military command first opted to make rotterdam a ` free city ' , not to defend it in the hope that it would not be attacked that way . 
  but when they were asked to surrender , under the threat of the bombing of rotterdam they were actually about to surrender . 
  rotterdam was then bombed due to some error , although it 's disputed exactly how i think . 
   germany planned to take us way faster than eventually happened . 
  they did , the afsluitdijk and grebbelinie were effective . 
  when i was younger my grandparents use to tell me about beaten germans retreating from the afsluitdijk shell shocked often crying and screaming . 
  that said the dutch army could 've fought for longer , but it had no point as we would lose anyway we would play it . 
  and prolonging the fight with say a few weeks would come at the cost of the destruction of our cities . 
  hence we knew when not to fight , it was pointless and not worth it . 
  no doubt , though i have second thoughts with the numbers . 
  if they knew there were at least 440 , then that means they know of 440 people . 
  would n't they be arrested then ? 
  planning an act of terrorism is punishable as well , as is posssesion of weapons and aiding in crimes . 
  not only afraid , it is after all exactly what happened after the eastern expansion . 
  the new hobby of bulgarians buying additonal passports in bulgaria , asking multiple welfares in the netherlands , the baltics being the primary sellers market of stolen dutch car ( parts ) ( a market that has since thrived ) , the recent hobby of blowing up atm 's , skimming of bank cards etc. 
  all this is related to many eastern criminal gangs that have managed to operate nearly carte blanche with open borders , and very shallow actual cooperation between governments . 
  i get that it is often not nearly as worse as people put it , but in this case the effects are extremely noticable ever since there 's a polish gang operating in my neighbourhood . 
  we 've had multiple thefts in the past 2 years , rims being stolen from under cars , airbag units , dashboard units etc. 
  some guy in my street attempted to go to work having no idea how to put his key in his car after discovering the whole steering unit was gone , my neighbour woke up finding his car did n't have wheels anymore . 
  when you live in an upper middle class neighbourhood , that 's a hard pill to swallow . 
  10 years ago the worst crime that happened around here was some children ringing the door bell and running . 
  putins ' salary is lower than the dutch pm 's salary . 
  a formal declaration of war is a relic from times when chivalry was still valued in battle . 
  these days it 's all about secrecy , deciet and surprise . 
  countries do n't give a formal declaration of war anymore . 
  440 + people probably related to execution of an attack ( providing safe houses , providing weapons/explosives , making bomb vests/bombs , providing transport etc. ), 
  probably not 440 people about to blow themselves up . 
  it held the germans back ( eventhough the huge incompetence along the grebbelinie ) but their aircraft indeed had free game . 
  and as the phrase goes ' a good general does n't know when to fight , but when not to ' . 
  so they surrendered even prior to the bombings of rotterdam . 
  besides , it was only fortress holland , friesland , groningen , gelderland , overijssel , limburg were all basically given away without a fight . 
  the republic was often succesful in its military endeavours . 
  it did n't like war ( was very expensive ) but when things got rolling they did n't shy away either . 
  that only worked because we stalled the french . 
   i do n't understand . 
  ( a ) this is n't a binding referendum , allthough not binding , the referendum law states that provided the outcome goes against past adoption , a legislative proposal will be presented to parliament without delay with the sole purpose of nullifying said ratification . 
  there seems to be a lot of misunderstanding about this , people think the government can just say ` oh how inconvenient , let 's forgot about it ' . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  and we already know some parties are going to vote in favour of the likely outcome , the others will be on their toes given that we have elections in less than 12 months . 
  no he just got confused and took 1000 euro 's from every household instead of giving . 
  happens to us all now and then . 
  the moment many people decided to vote against the agreement because it 's a first step towards eu membership . 
  he 's just trying some last minute swaying of voters , that 's all . 
  a day after the referendum he 'll notice that ukraine will eventually join the eu . 
   i 'm interested on why . 
  you keep downplaying your current government . 
   that 's a cultural thing , after noticing ` what a nice weather it is ' you proceed to tell how bad the government is . 
   by that logic no european countries have free speech given their hate speech regulations . 
   which is correct , european countries have limited freedom of speech . 
  rutte has nothing to say about it , it will be presented to parliament and voted on , as noted in the referendumlaw . 
  there are more parties in parliament than the vvd , it 's not up to rutte to decide what to do with the outcome of the referendum . 
  freedom of press is not a reality , it 's a definition . 
  i do n't see what stops you from differentiating between them . 
  actually it does . 
   like saying that you do n't live in a democracy if you have a constitution . 
  ridiculous . 
  another useless statement . 
  a constitution in no way equates to democracy in and on itself . 
  i did n't , you did . 
  reality does n't deal in absolutes . 
   i hope we can use this same referendum against the ttip and shut it down , that 's possible if you gather 300.000 signatures after our parliament ratifies it . 
   then i 'm willing to not live in a country with freedom of press if it means anti-constitutional ideologies can not express themselves . 
  of course it means that . 
  i 'm glad you do see that you do n't fit in a free society , i wish more people had this self awareness . 
  the turks always act as if they were the same , how do you suppose we differentiate when you do n't ? 
  cuba is a close neighbour , in the middle of a region known for illegal immigration and drugs trade . 
  cuba is probably more important to the us than poland . 
  freedom of press , you have it or you do n't . 
  quite a simple concept . 
  maybe they should 've informed belgium . 
  what a horrible woman . 
  she 's the embodiment of the reason why i decided i will vote against the agreement . 
  that depends . 
  tldr you met a person in the caribbean , did n't understand much of his situation , but assumed he could possibly be extrapolated to 17 million people , or even 700 million . 
  interesting . 
  there 's no saying what this persons ' situation actually was . 
  maybe he worked for a very long time , had so much money that he quit , inherited a vast sum of money , won a lottery , is good at gambling or maybe he was just drunk and bragging , maybe he 's a fraud and working illegal next to welfare , maybe his ` welfare ' was not actual welfare but his unemployment insurance ( which would last a max of 3 years ) people living on welfare are generally not proud of it , and are generally judged on it whenever the situation is not justifiable .
