  while it should 've been mutually beneficial . 
  when was the last time there has been a decision made in europe that affects europe ? 
  must 've been some years . 
  compete politically or militarily , not economically . 
  economically the world is getting more open , which means it 's not much of an issue to have a limited voice . 
  besides we 're the 17th economy of the world and the 5th largest export economy in the world and 9th largest foreign investor in the world , not a world leader by any standard , but we can achieve what we need to . 
   well i do , as do others , i doubt it 's `` very few '' as you suggest , or the eu would not be a thing . 
  it is , at least here . 
  i do n't know for all populations , neither do i care . 
  the eu can also continue with fewer members . 
  why it could be a thing is already mentioned in my op , it could simply be hunger for power . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , as i said we , as in netherlands , are just fine with the us . 
  if you guys prefer another partner than go find one . 
  i gues that will be a no on the ukrainian association agreement referendum then , duely noted . 
  perhaps , we 've had close relations with the us ever since we supported them in their war of independence though . 
  we have more in common with the us than we do with the rest of europe anyway , we 're just fine regarding our partnership with them . 
  if only it was that easy . 
  where do i sign ? 
  damnit , these buggers get to vote on it twice and we never . 
  we can compete just fine , wether the rest of the eu can is not my concern . 
  we were never asked . 
  and i would very much appreciate it if we would be asked now , under the pretext of better late than never . 
  well that 's one , and i did n't expect any different from a country like hungary because hungarians expected to gain from it . 
  the post-ww2 period has probably been the most prosperous and peaceful period of western europe in a very long time thanks to the us . 
  things started going downhill since the introduction of the eu as we know it , i do n't want to go much further down that path . 
  i 'm fine with not having an empire anymore , i 'm fine with being an ally of the us . 
  i do n't have more wishes than what the us provides , and with what the us provides we can built a prosperous and free society . 
  i did n't say it was , however the eu is just the political establishment of 28 countries together . 
  what our establishment does is not separate of the eu , it 's a part of it . 
  so to say ` in no way ' is an exaggeration , as is the opposit . 
  i 'll take the us over the rest of europe any day though . 
  sure they 're not always right or good , but more often than europe . 
  and if you want that body , fine , i just do n't want to be part of it . 
  if budget is not an issue , go to rome , if it is take prague . 
  both are nicer than berlin . 
  some things are too important to be decided by a parliament alone . 
   ... and angela merkel wants to tweak the language of the agreement . 
  she 's kinda cute and all that , she has the mind of a 5 year old , but what she 's doing in such a meeting i will not understand . 
  maybe mark rutte can drop her of at day care before next meeting . 
  the uk does n't have a stake in the whole migration crisis , this does n't concern you . 
  absolutely , 20 billion is a bargain provided turkey actually does what it promises . 
  it 's voluntary for our politicians . 
  the people were never asked , except in a few countries ( norway , switserland who as a consequence did n't join ) i 'm all for a public vote on this though . 
  who says people want to compete with usa or china ? 
  very few people in europe care about this , in fact most are quite happy we delegated our sovereignty to the us after ww2 and do not desire to change that . 
  if the elite wants to acquire power this way , they will find themselves diametrically opposed to the population who holds no such desires - but whom simply want freedom , prosperity and peace . 
  three things that are sacrificed to achieve this international power . 
  my , my , starting of with a fallacy . 
  generally indicates you do n't have much of value to add , so let 's just assume you do n't . 
  nobody said anything about a military coup , neither did anyone say turkey would create it . 
  in the moment of chaos they pro-claim it , and outside forces will help enforce it . 
  we would need that , but we can dream right ? 
  honestly i think an independent kurdistan makes sense . 
  but in the current sultanate of turkey the right to self determination would be unthinkable . 
  it does n't have to be a military coup . 
  that sounds like a bad idea anyway . 
  yes that is , turkey might not be happy with their friends losing some land , but on the other hand it 's unlikely the kurds will give up any land just like that either . 
   which just coincidentally would include invading another country ? 
  one that is protected by russia ? 
  one where erdogan has trying to talk the usa into setting up a hostile no-fly zone but the us is weary for good reasons ? 
  we 're already invading that country daily by airplanes , as if ground forces would suddenly be a revolution and bombs just every day business . 
  besides it 's just temporary , and it strengthens the syrian regime too . 
  ( heavy fighting for is in the north , will make it easy for the saa/ndf/hezbollah etc. 
  to take other regions from is ), 
  in that coup , they should also separate the kurdish regions and establish kurdistan . 
  this can help bring peace in northern syria too when they annex the majority kurdish northern regions . 
  and maybe give eastern thrace to greece while we 're at it . 
  it does n't have to be in kurdish territory , it can be west of manbij too . 
  that 's not a majority kurdish region , they can invade isis there and push a few dozen miles into syria to set up a protected zone . 
  obviously it would need kurdish consent and cooperation , but it would relief their front lines immensily , so it would be tempting to them . 
  the consequence is that she 'll raise the child alone . 
  alternative is that either the man or the woman can decide to physically abort a pregnancy , but that 's not right . 
  it seems reasonable that provided the man and woman had sex with no intend to concieve a child and that when it accidently did happen , the man does n't want the child but the woman decides she does , then the man should be able to legally abort the child in the time frame that the woman can still perform an abortion . 
  it 's not reasonable for a man to decide over wether a pregnancy is terminated through abortion , but it 's not reasonable vice versa either . 
  wether that child will recieve what it needs and what the implications of a single parent are for a child is up to the woman to consider at that point . 
  i 'm going to assume that was not a joke , i 'm seriously starting to question your mental conditions , however regardless of wether you 're indeed weak minded or not , you seem like an awful person . 
  that and the fact nothing you said since your first reply was worth saying , i think we 're about done here . 
  i 'm sure you believe that yourself , otherwise you could n't be so ignorant to everything else . 
  germany is key in solving it though , these people come for germany . 
  solving it without germany is possible , if we just provide a permanent airbridge from greece to germany and fly every migrant that reaches greek shores to germany directly . 
   have previously agreed to distribution only after the turks accept deportations . 
  there was a proposal recently to start with the distrubution before turkey does their end of the bargain , but it was turned down in parliament . 
  there 's not much trust in turkey , so wether we will go ahead with distribution depends entirely on the turkish implementation of the proposals . 
   greece is her main ally , with some italian support . 
  that 's not sufficient . 
  so either she compromises or she should resign . 
  of course they can . 
  we 'll just need some modifications and a precedent . 
  if she has any decency left in her , she will resign if she ca n't get the rest to tag along with her way of doing things . 
  holding the whole process hostage because you ca n't get what you want is behaviour not worth a poltician . 
  she is n't getting punished , she 'll just have to find a way to take care of the child alone . 
   you ca n't freedom without responsibility , it 's not freedom anymore . 
  exactly , so she should be responsible for the decisions she makes , not hold others hostage to them . 
  ah there it is again , you 're so stubborn i might as well talk to a wall , the odds are higher i 'll get reason from concrete then they are getting it from you . 
  it does n't , but it owes it to males to compensate for legislative inequality . 
  biological difference is irrelevant here , it just means the man ca n't decide to actually do an abortion and nobody is advocating any different here , he just needs the right for a legislative abortion if he does not consent with having the child in order to achieve equality . 
  sorry if that somehow offends your misandrist and sexist attitude . 
  and by extent legislative inequality , we ca n't change the former , but we can change the latter . 
  and seeing as we want to be equal , the latter will be changed . 
  non-eurozone countries also contributed to the greek bail-out , through the imf for example .
