  your comparison makes a great figure of speech though , at least we have a cleaning lady in europe , and at least we do not shit next to the toilet . 
  in the mena region they do not have a cleaning lady , they often shit next to the toilet , and from the moment the toilet starts to smell bad they jump ship and use our toilet . 
  it is then not the responsiblity of our cleaning lady ( european tax payers ) to clean up their toilet ( countries of origin ) after they shat on the floor ( having war , too many children , no respect for ecology , no common sense for improvement , religious zealotry , a dog-eat-dog socio-economic/political climate etc. ), 
  and whenever a european or western corporation shits on their toilet ( drills oil , uranium , exports food whatever ) it is really up to them to make sure it ends up in the bowl , and not besides it , and when it does n't , that they clean it up . 
   thanks to the country 's wealth , a dual income was often not a necessity for a comfortable life . 
   if they substituted `` a full salary '' for `` a dual income '' that could sum up the entire article , i think . 
  i think that the mentality part should n't be glossed over either . 
  we tend to be frugal , do not spend on things we do n't need , and turn around the euro 's we earn . 
  do n't like living on the 0-line , and value time to spend money instead of earning money as well . 
  for as far as the enormous differences between netherlands and portugal , there are cultural differences here as well . 
  not even so long ago when a married woman worked that was a grave insult to the man ( he ca n't even take care of his family ) it was even worse , employers automatically fired women when they married . 
  ( because now the man would provide for her ) it was pretty hard to maintain a job for a woman if she married , most employers did n't accept that . 
  ( she needs to take care of the children now , that 's her responsibility , earning money is for the man ) * * these are by no means my personal values . 
  this kind of mentality went on well into the 60s , it 's really not that long ago and will resonate on in the labour market for a while . 
  there was also no need for a dual income ( in fact we dutch use to make fun of the americans that they needed both parents to work ) . 
  germany does not warrant concern . 
  wether you recieve 2 % or 0,5 % on your savings account is something nobody cares about when we 've get entire countries being socio-economically disjointed . 
   why , because they 're poorer ? 
   no , because they 're being drained empty by germany because of a fundamentally flawed currency zone . 
  nobody cares about the interest rate on your savings account when 30 % of the people are unemployed in greece . 
   let me get this straight : the greek economy warrants more understanding than 35 % of eurozone 's gdp ? 
  this is not about the size of any economy , this is about the very fundamentals of cooperation and mutual beneficial relations within a common currency zone . 
   for netherlands netherlands is a country with high house ownership ratings , low interest rates carry benefits for us as well . 
   czech republic , poland , slovakia , romania , hungary , austria ... of these countries only slovakia and austria use the euro . 
  let 's turn out it around , if the eurozone collapses ( and it will if you have it your way ) all parties involved will lose much , much more . 
  the other countries warrant far more concerns , understanding and care than germany . 
  draghi has to understand and care about 20 countries , germany is the least of his worries . 
  i see italian numbers are still lower than greek , despite the borders being closed in the balkan . 
  not sure what you are on about . 
  sad that they ca n't take care of themselves , each other and their lands . 
  they 're still not our responsibility . 
   which is wrong :  except it is n't . 
  your article shows why , the italian route is much harder and more dangerous than the greek route . 
  the numbers crossing there were therefor lower . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  we 're not responsible for the weath and health of the mena populations , neither for those beyond . 
  the amount of refugees coming by boat to italy were never that large either . 
  it was really the balkan route that made it a continental disaster . 
   this blood is on merkel 's hands not my conscience . 
  while a fair point , the migrants themselves also had a hand in it ;  [ ... ] the vessel capsized , [ ... ] after migrants rushed to one side of the ship [ ... ], 
  that 's not what he 's saying either . 
  let me emphasize it for you ;  kaliningrad is a ** relic from another time ** . 
  there 's no doubt the nature of it 's existence is problematic ** for modern states . 
  i think you 're confusing the eu with the un , you should read some on the subject . 
  so you 're going to make an appeal to emotion ? 
  a solution does not require humanitarian work , and there are a number of organisations that have the power to provide it on this scale . 
   to cross by boat from egypt [ ... ] largely somalis , with smaller numbers of eritreans and ethiopians . 
  there seems to be a number of countries that are responsible , none of them is the eu . 
  how about they provide a solution . 
   kaliningrad is a relic from another time . 
  there 's no doubt the nature of it 's existence is problematic for modern states . 
  was the original reply , if he/she wanted to say the territory is used to threaten neighbours he/she should 've said that . 
  it does n't take a clairvoyant to recognize trends . 
   and then we would have had our very own russian minority . 
  of 950.000 people . 
  you have a couple of million turks , which seem to be going moderately well , 950.000 russians would n't be a problem . 
   additionally , look at the gdr/ddr . 
  one of the more industrialised and developed countries in the eastern bloc , it became a huuuuuge money sink . 
  i do n't see how you make that comparison , the gdr was 10x as large , and over 16x as populous . 
  depends what you call ` wild ' , the bisons live ` wild ' in the netherlands , in a protected zone where they were reintroduced . 
  oh no , am i britophobic now ? 
  well yes , because you are , but it was a bit too rude . 
  if you think your skin color is a social construct or a choice you 've got serious mental issues . 
  i was n't the one complaining about kaliningrad now was i. 
  neither would i complain about the british overseas territories , but it seems pretty fucking hypocritical for a brit to talk about kalingrad like that . 
  you know perfectly well what i 'm [ talking about . 
  ] ( http://www.commonwealthflagproject.org/bot/british%20overseas%20territories.jpg ), 
  says a brit , from a country that has relics from another time all over the planet . 
  did you choose to be white ? 
  and did you intend to murder someone because you 're white , and possibly because the other person is not ? 
  you did n't answer the question , i gues silence is consent . 
  my experiences are quite different . 
  nuclear weapons are useless , because nobody will use them . 
  besides , both germany and the netherlands have nuclear weapons under the nato nuclear weapons sharing program . 
  ( both have everything available to construct them as well ) france has also proposed to share their nuclear arsenal with germany . 
  merkel declined when sarkozy offered it , but it can still be done . 
  2 % would double the current german budget to 70 billion . 
  an increase of 35 billion is not ' a few more billion ' . 
  if the netherlands would do the same we go from 10 to 17 billion , and if belgium would do the same they would spend 12 billion . 
  if we would then integrate much of these armed forces ( let the dutch provide the brunt of the naval/amphibious capacity and the germans the land/air forces ) we would have a rather significant deterrent that could easily scare of russia . 
  for example vnl is proposing that we acquire an aircraft carrier . 
  in that case alone , the netherlands could assemble a carrier group that could swiftly defend the baltics at any time . 
  ( though most of its use would be in the caribbean ), 
   about russian fighter jet doing a barrel roll over an american reconnaissance plane ** in international waters . 
  ** is that , like , a u-plane ? 
  it 's still bullshit . 
  if germany would spend 2 % of gdp on defense we would have sufficient deterrent , let alone if everybody spend that . 
  2 % really is n't that much . 
  they 're religiously affiliated . 
  jea , not for being 9/11 hijackers though . 
  run by an islamist autocrat , supporting terrorism abroad . 
  sounds much alike saudi arabia . 
  they 're not there yet , but they 're getting there . 
  cheaper to build . 
  they usually just construct an entire street or neighbourhood all at once , and people can then sign in to buy one . 
  also with these kind of budgets you do n't want different houses , it 's ugly . 
  you will see different build styles in upper middle class/upper class neighbourhoods , with large parcels , enough room between them with gardens etc. 
  muslims kill a lot of other muslims as well , do n't know if i would call that caring for . 
  not really , you can go pretty cheap . 
  i do n't see what confuses you , they 're from the same religion , they did it because of religious reasons , what would you call other fellow muslims ?
