  ` look the subject is about the armenian genocide , let me change this uncomfortable subject and shit-post about russia instead . ', 
  norway and switserland do n't want to join , turkey can join if we leave . 
  ukraine has a long road ahead . 
  a lesson in how the markets work . 
  that they recieve interest rates above capital costs because there are risks involved . 
  this is something nobody ever taught the banks and they 're flying blind here . 
   the eu could , say , add a member and be above that even without economic growth . 
   we ran out of economic significant members to add though . 
  possible candidates for future membership are serbia , montenegro , macedonia , albania and kosovo . 
  they 're all nothing to write home about economically . 
  they will be according to all in due time though , the us is economically growing rapidly , the eu is still dead in the water . 
  i think it 's more interesting to ask why muslims are so much less succesful than ~ ~ any group ~ ~ sikhs . 
  ` the metro columnist in the turkish kusadasi saturday was arrested , on sunday afternoon may leave the local police station . 
  kusadasi umar has a country house . 
  the dutch of turkish origin turkey can not leave yet . 
  it is unknown at this time what awaits her condition . 
  a photographer saw that umar has a nosebleed . 
  she has indicated that the nosebleed started spontaneously and not by mistreatment . 
  lawyer hulya elmas sunday tweeted this : sunday rather 11.30 : in wnl on sunday responded minister jet bussemaker to the arrest of umar . 
  `` reasonable absurd that you can be arrested on the basis of a tweet . '', 
  the case must be examined in depth quickly , she added more to it . 
  10:50 pm : prime minister mark rutte announced on twitter that he was in contact with ebru umar . 
  umar himself meanwhile , has let know that sunday morning she was treated well by the police and that she drank a cup of tea in the open air . 
  ebru umar , columnist for metro and saturday arrested by the police in turkey intends to be arraigned sunday morning . 
  she hopes to go after the ruling to the airport and leave for the netherlands . 
  umar reports metro : `` my neighbors have brought my sunglasses , charger and my money . 
  there are a lot of lawyers involved . 
  `` the interrogation is about a tweet from the writer of the turkish president erdogan . 
  ebru umar , sunday . 
  rather umar himself dutch of turkish origin , writes quirky articles and is regularly critical of islam . 
  saturday night was suddenly police at her door at her country retreat in kusadasi . 
  her laptop was seized and umar had to go back to the police station . 
  ebru umar to the police station . 
  the last feat of umar was a column in metro over an alleged hotline that would be open to insults directed at erdogan . 
  umar called this `` nsb practices . 
  read also : `` call brings unrest among turkish dutch ' to metro umar says : `` i now stand behind a closed gate at the police station . 
  i had to join the police . 
  at first i had to go to the hospital . 
  that has to prove that you are not mistreated . 
  but apparently there is something entered into force , because i have not been to the hospital . 
  i can at this point is really just not thinking clearly . '', 
  umar , according to the embassy saturday still interrogated by the police . 
  according to the columnist himself she 's been indicted for placing certain tweets . 
  questions to rutte via twitter was angrily reacted to the arrest of umar . 
  also ask many mps to prime minister rutte and minister koenders of foreign affairs . 
  the ministry of foreign affairs showed saturday night out in close contact with umar and local authorities . ', 
  sure , the eu should use its leverage . 
  but not in the form of ending our visa free travel with the us . 
  i like your example of asking americans from ohio or alabama for visa 's , then again we only act as if we 're one when it suits us . 
  the us would love to treat the eu as one state , but that comes with other responsibilities as well . 
  i like our current one as well , i think it 's better than the former prinsenvlag as the colors are more flashy , but also due to its association with the nsb ( dutch nazi 's of ww2 ) and subsequently the far right , and because i 'm historically more of a staatsgezinde as well . 
  you history is kind of a shame with regards to your flag , the german flag is ... welll ... ugly . 
  the flag of the german empire , [ this one ] ( http://img7.dreamies.de/img/117/b/nxepvbzrfor.jpg ) , is much better looking if you ignore history for a second . 
   perhaps to something like this or this . 
  nice flag , looks better than the current one in my humble opinion . 
   i think my flag ( republic of ireland ) is pretty good . 
  nothing flashy or fancy and is reasonably unique . 
  i think you picked the wrong flair . 
  that depends on the reason behind the change , and the proposed flag itself . 
  our flag changed over the years as well , i would n't be mad at people proposing to restore the historic flag of the republic for example , though that would never happen since it 's been misused/associated wit/by the far right for a while . 
   he 's not , but trump has a funny way of saying something loudly and unequivocally , being criticized for it , then later having everyone agree with him . 
   that 's because with people like trump opposition is limited to mere assisination of character , those that are not in his audience are incapable of listening to the content of these people due to ideological , dogmatic reasons . 
  the political left and center just has nothing better to offer on the subjects that make them relevant . 
  * europe does not need cooperation with a third government to deport illegal migrants/asylum seekers since it controls the area 's where they 'll be deported to . 
  the answer of europe to the turkish ambitions could be to indeed use kurdish area 's as safe zones by means of european military presence strengthening the kurdish positions instead . 
  please tell me about how you constantly get shafted with all the billions of euro 's we keep pouring into you and the open borders we have with you despite the galactic socio-economic differences . 
  the flow of illegal migrants will naturally decrease if we send them all back the way they came from . 
  and the entire us defense budget would be just enough to afford the dutch and belgium welfare state , nowhere near sufficient to fund all 28 . 
  only chinese from some regions in china think it 's unhealthy to manage bowel movements , they do n't all shit whenever they feel the slightest urge . 
  i can not find that definition , could you link me your dictionary ? 
   ** bigotry **  ; stubborn and complete intolerance of any creed , belief , or opinion that differs from one 's own . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/bigotry ), 
  apparently she 's had contact with the dutch pm , and the embassy and foreign affairs are on it . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2101151-rutte-ik-heb-gebeld-met-ebru-umar.html ) it 's unwise for someone critical to be in turkey , still very sad and i hope she 's freed soon . 
  that would be horrifying . 
   so apparently subsidizing europe 's entire welfare state you could n't even pay that if you wanted to . 
  i 'm not so confident removing all visa free travel to and from the us and europe is the best way go about this either . 
  solidarity is needed in europe yes , but cutting of our nose to spite our face is not the kind of solidarity anybody is well served with . 
  if you believe there can be no reasonable opposition to an ideology you 're a bigot yourself , not those you so despise . 
  rather give them some money than see another million illegals drifting into europe . 
  if they would use that money for other purposes than weapons and warfare , it would be even better . 
  maybe the eu can use the expertise of the eib , and not give this money to their government , but release it for verified projects in libya aimed at rebuilding/improving the country/economy/stability . 
  an islamist member of the green party just had to step down as a minister . 
  i think this is more than ` fears ' , the swedish green party actually has islamist members . 
   btw , it is hard not be decent when you are one of the richest people in the world , i guess . 
  he 's not that rich . 
  he lives of a welfare , and pretty much all his assets belong to the state . 
   and you would never know when the king decides that turning that knob is sufficient or not . 
  it is completely at his discretion . 
  it is n't , since due to the ministrial responsibility the king does not have the ability to represent himself politically . 
   and we are at his discretion of him being a `` decent '' person . 
  and you seem to be content with that . 
  not exactly , since i said i support removing both laws . 
  apparently they thought the more the merrier , eventhough some were deemed invalid . 
  but it 's indecent of a consulate to mingle in internal political affairs , if i would 've been minister of foreign affairs i would 've considered ending diplomatic ties with turkey a while back until they show they 're responsible enough to have a consulate again . 
  this is not the only affair , they 've had many , and soft healers make stinking wounds . 
   damn i hate that cookie law with a passion . . that 's what you get when you have grey men and women who just discovered texting on their nokia 3310 making laws . 
  absolutely , and turkey is known for using their foreign enclaves . 
  the turkish consulate not only send letters to dutch turks to ask them to vote for erdogan , the turkish consulate also send forms to dutch-turks to sue geert wilders . 
  even some parliamentarians were kicked out of the labour party ( which is an extremely impressive feat ) for their links to the turkish government .
