  besides you should n't support these racists , we 've spend decades fighting for equality , we 're not going to flush that down the toilet for your sensitivities . 
  some basic values are intouchable , they make up the roots of our society . 
  this is not some law regulating a speed limit or parking limitation that can be changed . 
  i do n't care should you change them in germany though , i do n't live there nor do i desire to . 
  interesting how germans are concerned about leaving debts for the next generations while they do n't seem to worry nearly as much about leaving a yugoslavia-style demography for the next generations . 
   then the discussion is pointless because my point was that indeed , we can limit freedom of speech without completely destroying democracy . 
  very carefuly without setting a precedent , based on the conviction that ` your rights end where mine begin ' , and absolutely no other motives . 
   and if we agree that we can limit freedom of speech without destroying democracy , we can not limit freedom of speech as we know it . 
  it 's not an assertion , it 's a fact , full stop . 
  when people ca n't express their opinion there can naturally be no democracy . 
  the discussion was not about * absolute * freedom of speech , there 's no such thing in europe , you were talking about freedom of speech as we know it . 
  what is it that you do n't understand ? 
  it 's all self evident , but maybe i can help you . 
  southern dutch oblast , and northern french oblast . 
  what shall we call it , scales ? 
  we 'll probably always have gas explosions as long as we use gas in residential houses . 
  do you really need confirmation on that ? 
  i do n't see why this is a shocking revelation . 
  the missile went of close to the cockpit according to the dutch report ( it was around 1,5 m away from the cockpit or something ) . 
  the missile had a fragmentation head , it does not directly hit a plane , it explodes close to it ( in this case right next to the cockpit ) the shrapnel of the warhead/missile penetrates right through the plane . 
  outward shell holes are no surprise provided you have the opposit side of the cockpit of where the missile exploded . 
  the hole ridden pressurized cabine will then pull basically explode . 
   krokodil what does a [ krokodil ] ( http://media.nu.nl/m/m1mx786ap87k_wd1280.jpg/krokodil-grijpt-man-ogen-vrouw-in-australie.jpg ) have to do with anything ? 
  poor latvians ca n't read this article . 
  no we have to do this thing because abolishing freedom is speech is a solid foundation and one way to street to an oppressive dictatorship . 
  without freedom of speech , there is no democracy , no freedom of expression , no freedom of press currently we do have these freedoms , we 're all equal , we all have rights , and that 's how it 's supposed to be . 
  because if people ca n't express themselves through speech , they 'll eventually do it through rifles . 
   to be proud of their country/heritage . 
  that 's patriotism . 
   patriotism is an emotional attachment to a nation which an individual recognizes as their homeland . 
  this attachment , also known as national feeling or national pride , can be viewed in terms of different features relating to one 's own nation , including ethnic , cultural , political or historical aspects . 
  it encompasses a set of concepts closely related to those of nationalism . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] an excess of patriotism in the defense of a nation is called chauvinism ; another related term is jingoism . 
  if you build sufficient dikes you 'll not even notice you 're sinking . 
  actually it does , since nationalism is the strife for and continuation of a state that binds a particular group together . 
  if you oppose that you 're either an anarchist , full global communist ^ ^ tm or supporter of an anschluss with a third party . 
  chauvenism is an extreme form of patriotism , not nationalism . 
  it seems however germans have reversed the meaning of both words . 
  ` not giving a rats ass ' is different from ` opposing ' nationalism , which is where this comment tree started . 
  how many people want to abolish germany as a state ? 
  do you think that is ` many people ' ? 
  if so , i gues we could do the anschluss now for a change . 
  so what , england would still be less densily populated than the netherlands currently is , let alone the uk as a whole . 
   if it 's because he took a look at poland 's birthrate and concluded it 's been falling at a consistent rate since 2011 that would make it debatable . 
   sure , but banning abortion is a pretty bad way to counter the effects of that . 
  inadequately raised children , foster children and traumatized/depressed parents do n't exactly provide an economic boom or strong shoulder to carry the sick and elderly . 
  they do , the primary value we share with our eastern union members is charity ( provided they remain on the recieving side of that ) . 
  somebody was typing on his phone without autocorrect switched to the right language . 
   speaking of germany , i do n't see they lost anything . 
  really ? 
  much of germany was given to poland after ww2 , a part of former germany is still russian clay currently ( kaliningrad ), 
   or how you define these terms is vastly different from how germans do . 
  this then . 
   nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture and/or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  this can be expressed as a belief or political ideology that involves an individual identifying with or becoming attached to one 's nation . 
  nationalism involves national identity , by contrast with the related concept of patriotism , which involves the social conditioning and personal behaviors that support a state 's decisions and actions . 
  [ 1 ] -----  patriotism is an emotional attachment to a nation which an individual recognizes as their homeland . 
  this attachment , also known as national feeling or national pride , can be viewed in terms of different features relating to one 's own nation , including ethnic , cultural , political or historical aspects . 
  it encompasses a set of concepts closely related to those of nationalism . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] an excess of patriotism in the defense of a nation is called chauvinism ; another related term is jingoism . 
  1 % of 80 million people for example is plenty , but it 's all relative . 
  statistically very few oppose it . 
  ( anarchists , communists etc. ), 
  that is n't unique , but business as usual on both fringes of the spectrum . 
  you 're one of those as well as i 've seen in your responses . 
   i 'd say that patriotism is not necessarly frowned upon in our country , nationalism however is . 
  the issue is that the differences between the two are sometimes difficult to spot . 
  it 's reversed . 
  germany still has a solid level of nationalism . 
  patriotism is the emotional attachment to ones country , nationalism is the group thinking , which is very strong in germany ( just think about the eurocrisis ), 
  patriotism is not the same as nationalism . 
  nationalism is generally accepted in europe , and also solidly ingrained in european cultures , given it 's reasonably balanced , patriotism is often seen as something bad in europe . 
  hah , you never see them coming . 
  when all eyes are fixed on ~ ~ mordor ~ ~ moscow , surprise anschluss with belarus comes as a thunderclap during a clear sky . 
  racial tension in france is quite bad , especially since socio-economic tension ( which is big in france as well due to a very class-based society ) has basically merged with racial tension amplifying each other . 
  they 're both problems , though not of equal size and concern . 
  nytimes is a bit lagging behind , the left in general is slowly but steadily moving away from the flawed ` islamists blow people up so the far right is the problem ' mentality , maybe they should look into it as well . 
   bombing the city ( cities ? ) . 
  other than rotterdam they bombed middelburg 2 days later , do n't know if that would qualify for a city . 
  the dutch army surrendered on may 15th , with the exception of our forces in zeeland . 
  they were ordered to keep fighting to avoid the belgian/french being cut of from the coast . 
  freedom of speech is not the same as freedom of press . 
  for example we have hate speech laws , but our constitution also states that the state has no right to prior knowledge of any publication . 
  in other words you can publish anything you want here , if it violates hate speech , or other laws you can get prosecuted for that . 
  but banning a whole news site alltogether is a very different beast . 
  besides depending on the actual definition , wether hate speech laws are actually a limitation on free speech is debatable . 
  because hate speech laws are there to protect everybody 's rights . 
  something like ` your rights end where mine begin ' . 
  the referendum was a sham , but a majority of crimeans wanted to become part of russia anyway . 
   in june 2014 , a gallup poll with the broadcasting board of governors asked crimeans if the results in the march 16 , 2014 referendum to secede reflected the views of the people . 
  a total of 82.8 % of crimeans said yes . 
  when broken down by ethnicity , 93.6 % of ethnic russians said they believed the vote to secede was legitimate , while 68.4 % of ukrainians felt so . 
  moreover , when asked if joining russia will ultimately make life better for them and their family , 73.9 % said yes while 5.5 % said no . 
   in february 2015 , a poll by german polling firm gfk revealed that attitudes have not changed . 
  when asked `` do you endorse russia 's annexation of crimea ? '' , a total of 82 % of the respondents answered `` yes , definitely , '' and another 11 % answered `` yes , for the most part . '' only 2 % said they did n't know , and another 2 % said no . 
  three percent did not specify their position . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#59401b7e5951 ), 
  russians are the majority of the crimeans is what you mean , tatars a small minority . 
   editorialised titles - do not add your opinion/commentary to the article 's title . 
  do n't add something that is n't covered by the article , and do n't misrepresent the article .
