  the spanish still claimed us , but we we 're de facto independent from 1581 onwards when we did a trip around europe trying to give our crown away , when nobody wanted our crown the confederacy was proclaimed in 1588 . 
  they expected that the serbs would release the women and children , detain ( young ) men and use them as leverage . 
  the big 6 does n't include poland . 
  the netherlands is the 6th economy of the eu ( 5th of the eurozone ) , poland is lower . 
   never really figured out how to respond . 
  november the 5th . 
   william 's intentions to invade were public knowledge by september 1688 . 
  [ 70 ] with a dutch army , william landed at brixham in southwest england on 5 november 1688 . 
  [ 71 ] he came ashore from the ship brill , proclaiming `` the liberties of england and the protestant religion i will maintain '' . 
  william had come ashore with approximately 11,000-foot and 4,000 horse soldiers . 
  [ 72 ] james 's support began to dissolve almost immediately upon william 's arrival ; protestant officers defected from the english army ( the most notable of whom was lord churchill of eyemouth , james 's most able commander ) , and influential noblemen across the country declared their support for the invader . 
  [ 73 ]  james at first attempted to resist william , but saw that his efforts would prove futile . 
  [ 73 ] he sent representatives to negotiate with william , but secretly attempted to flee on 11 december , throwing the great seal into the thames on his way . 
  [ 74 ] he was discovered and brought back to london by a group of fishermen . 
  [ 74 ] he was allowed to escape to france in a second attempt on 23 december . 
  [ 74 ] william permitted james to leave the country , not wanting to make him a martyr for the roman catholic cause ; it was in his interests for james to be perceived as having left the country of his own accord , rather than having been forced or frightened into fleeing . 
  [ 75 ] william is the last person to successfully invade england by force of arms . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england#glorious_revolution ) when you were liberated by the dutch from those pesky catholics and gained independence by putting a dutch stadthouder on the throne of the uk . 
  1581 actually . 
  ca n't tell wether you 're serious or not . 
  sometimes it 's not even arrest , or even violating the law . 
  a few months back there was a dutch guy who called on twitter for a referendum regarding the opening of a large asylumcenter in his neighbourhood . 
  police visited him at his work to ask him not to do that again . 
  he did n't violate the law , he could n't be arrested , but an employee being visited by police on his work is not at all harmless . 
  employers do n't like employees that are visited by police . 
  then last week there was a teacher who asked on twitter how he should handle children that cheered for the deaths in brussels this week . 
  he was visited by 3 police officers as well . 
  this is no longer unique events , it 's starting to be protocol . 
   the war ended after the dayton peace agreement of december 1995 , after the us envoy , richard holbrooke , negotiated a map that ceded srebrenica and \u017depa , but kept gora\u017ede in the federation . 
  holbrooke told bosnian hayat tv in 2005 , on the 10th anniversary of dayton : `` i was under initial instructions to sacrifice srebrenica , gora\u017ede and \u017depa '' . 
   seasoned diplomats insist the massacre came as a surprise . 
  the us assistant secretary for human rights , john shattuck , said : `` we had the omarska model in mind '' -- ergo , that mladic would imprison men in camps , for use as `` an extremely valuable bargaining counter to gain territorial exchange or even political concessions '' as richard butler -- the us intelligence officer who worked as the srebrenica military expert at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia -- put it . 
   a us briefing paper on srebrenica reads : `` we did not have any information on any bosnian serb intent to commit atrocities against the muslim defenders or population of srebrenica . '' they felt it was necessary that the enclave should fall to achieve peace with the serbs . 
  they did n't expect a massacre . 
  yea that 's sad , though we took things far too simple . 
  you ca n't trust countries like france the uk or the us , if you want to protect an enclave then do it , do n't let it depend on others . 
  before , and the conclusion that it can not be held was not made by the dutch authorities , they were also not aware of the decisions made by ` allies ' and were not informed about military intelligence indicating an impending assault either . 
  they should make some sort of intelligence comittee in the commission , a top structure linking all security/intelligence services while still retaining independence . 
  for those looking for an interesting read on srebrenica i can really advice this article ; [ 1 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/04/how-britain-and-us-abandoned-srebrenica-massacre-1995 ) . 
  a lot of information has quite recently been made public . 
  some interesting parts ;  during march , says the then head of military planning at the un peacekeeping department , general manfred eisele , the department and the netherlands pushed for reinforcements for dutch troops in srebrenica . 
  the proposal was overruled by the us , he says , on grounds that the enclaves were `` untenable '' and us helicopters would be used to transport the reinforcements . 
   [ ... ]  the french general bernard janvier , overall commander of un troops on the ground , told the security council member states on 24 may that : `` the enclaves are indefensible , and the status quo untenable . '' he said un troops were too vulnerable in the safe areas , and should either be reinforced , or withdrawn to make way for air strikes . 
   the following day , 25 may , any prospect of further air attacks collapsed anyway as 400 un troops were taken hostage by serbs , in retaliation for an air strike . 
   two days later , presidents clinton and chirac and the british prime minister , john major , spoke by telephone to discuss a response , including halting air strikes . 
  next day , 28 may , according to the declassified us national security archive , the principals committee formalised a decision , apparently made during the phone call , ** `` to suspend the use of nato air strikes against the serbs for the foreseeable future '' . 
  **  lake , in a memo to the president , outlined the need of secrecy : ** `` privately we will accept a pause on further air strikes but make no public statement to that effect . '' **  [ ... ]  on 2 june , mladic ordered a `` destruction of the muslim forces in these enclaves '' . 
  voorhoeve insists that western leaders knew of this order , but that he and his troops were kept in the dark . 
  `` the intelligence services of at least two of the five permanent members of the un security council knew already at the beginning of june 1995 -- a month and a half before the attack -- that the serbs intended to capture , in the coming weeks , the three eastern enclaves -- meaning srebrenica , \u017depa and gora\u017ede , '' voorhoeve says . 
  `` these two big countries had advance knowledge of the serbian battle plans and did not share it with the netherlands . '', 
  it makes more sense in the context , weeks before the fall of srebrenica the us , uk and france decided the enclave had to fall due to ` being untenable ' . 
  the enclave had been under siege and no attempts were made to lift it . 
  even dutch soldiers on leave or wounded were n't allowed to return to their stations , supplies were low as well . 
  the enclave was going to fall anyway because that was deemed necessary , this coupled with the fact that the dutch government wanted to emphasize it was a ` peace mission ' by removing all heavy weapons eventually led to the disaster . 
  the french general probably considered it a lost battle , and decided saving the french hostages was more fruitful . 
   secret deal stopped srebrenica air strike  what was the worst of this is that dutch f16 's were not allowed to give airsupport , despite being on the scene . 
  the french general in command of the nato airfleet ( including the dutch f16 's ) made a deal to not give airsupport to srebrenica because the serbs had french hostages . 
  after this the dutch changed military doctrine , within every nato operation the dutch sub - officer reserves the right to at any time withdraw dutch troops and material from nato command . 
  probably because it wished to emphasize it was a nuclear dirty bomb , not a chemical one or anything . 
  it 's indeed phrased a bit odd though . 
  a nuclear bomb is based on a chainreaction , a dirty bomb is simply strapping nuclear material to a conventional explosive and slinging it all over the area . 
  turkey has more freedom of speech than much of western europe though . 
  a few weeks ago police visited a guy * at his work * in the netherlands who called for a referendum regarding the coming of an asylum center in this neighbourhood . 
  he was asked not to do that again . 
  a few days ago a teacher asked on twitter how he was supposed to handle children that cheered for the deaths in brussels , he was visisted by police asking him not to do that . 
   as long as `` religious hatred '' is illegal , there 's a reason to hate religion . 
   in a secular society , ideologies deserve no special protections just because they contain some moronic superstitious beliefs . 
  if it 's legal to hate nazis , it should be legal to hate muslims . 
  this ca n't be said often enough , people should sing this from the roof every morning until everybody understands it . 
  ` racially harassing ' ? 
  i 'm very curious how this whole europe will play out in the future . 
  on one hand people want a diverse multicultural continent of immigration and universalism , on the other we see a european society that has become dogmatic , intolerant and emotionally instable . 
  how are we supposed to live side by side many different people with different beliefs , values and motives , when we 're all made of glass , and shatter by a gust of wind . 
  if we 're going forward with this project while keeping the same mindset as we do today , we 're going to make ww2 look like an introduction . 
  oh my , i bet she has sleepless nights now . 
  still at the very least , regardless of ` race ' being a disputed term , racism means discrimination based on genetic traits . 
  islam is not a genetic trait , islam is an ideology . 
  this is an extremely important destinction . 
   i do n't think i 'll ever understand europeans . 
  lot 's of europeans do n't understand europeans either . 
   i was merely wondering , who is to blame for misusing `` racial hatred '' ? 
  hard to tell . 
  a spoiled generation maybe , a political class that lives in ivory towers , antagonistic ideologies , or remnants of our compartmentalized societies . 
  i wish i could tell , all i know for sure is that i do n't like it and i wo n't stand for it . 
  mind explaining yourself a bit more thorough ? 
  i ca n't make any chocolate out of this . 
  that 's the next step . 
  ` racial hatred ' in europe these days is what ` attempt to overthrow the state ' means in north korea . 
  it 's a catch all phrase for every opponent . 
  i meant the ethical right , not the legal right . 
  he was being rude , and he had no right to ask a random muslim for an explantion , however arresting him , or any interference of the authorities here is completely out of line and absolutely overblown . 
  what the hell are we , the ussr ? 
  of course , if brussels or paris did n't wear that short skirt none of this would 've happened . 
  they were basically asking for this . 
   home and away are not so easily separated . 
  actually they are , or more accurately use to be . 
  of course since we abolished borders to the mena region , there 's no physical separation anymore . 
  they 're right as lead , of course it 's only recognizing the problem , which is a start , but it 's no solution yet . 
  that 's a shame , the one on the first [ picture ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/127d4/production/_88923757_d2b12dfb-fd9f-4734-9bdb-f0277ce6884a.jpg ) was quite nice . 
  of course you ca n't , that 's inherent to a dogmatic mindset .
