  ( although in the netherlands you never need approval of the government to do that ) maximum prison sentence is 2 years for insulting a foreign friendly head of state . 
  ( 5 years for insulting the king ), 
  belgium is much closer to us culturally than denmark , even germany is probably closer to us . 
  ` that is the idea of an asylum system ' is a hollow phrase . 
  it just does n't work like that . 
  yugoslavia was different , we had way more control over that situation , by it being on our borders , and by being militarily and politically involved . 
  i doubt it , it 's reasonable though . 
  if people have money , they can contribute to their treatment . 
   he knows fully well that any actual refugees would be sent home the moment the war ends , just like the yugoslav refugees , if that 's done with the same effectiveness of sending illegal migrants home , we would just end up with hundreds of thousands of illegals instead of refugees . 
  do n't be naive , these refugees are n't leaving , they did n't come to europe to stay temporarily . 
  since when having nuclear warhead ergo nk ? 
   not just having nuclear warheads , poland already sounds like north korea every now and then , it would just bring them even closer . 
   and thats why having nuclear weapon prevents that . 
  some one will think twice or three times before acting . 
  poland would probably be attacked before they can acquire nuclear weapons , and nato would n't stand for it . 
   does n't make sense to make a base in poland really . 
  it makes sense in the knowledge that russia could occupy the baltic states within 24 hours , and that the longer it takes for nato to respond to that , the worse our position would become . 
  it 's all about quick response , quick response deters such an attack , quick response prevents entrenching the conflict . 
   one battalion will be able to move to a different countries 18 hours after the call has been made and conduct missions . 
  jea exactly . 
  that 's way too little , and far too late . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not the us 's fault , but it would n't be a bad idea to station a european rapid deploy military force in poland that can defend the baltics . 
   eu has a way larger combined military budget . 
  and a highly ineffective one . 
  make no mistake , without the us we can not credibly engage in a war with russia , they would mop the floor with us . 
  if both fall , we 're back to square 1 and of to the armory . 
  i think you 've to see this extending beyond poland as well , notably the baltics . 
  poland ( rightfuly ) fears that should the baltic states be invaded , poland will be the only force who can quickly respond and be on their own for a while . 
   nuclear weapon should be goal number one for poland . 
  and become the north korea of europe all the way . 
  someone will go full mad way before you put a warhead on a weapon . 
  it 's not very thin though , they 've shown a single military district can mobilize a fighting force the size of the british army . 
  ( up to 160.000 men ), 
  but they spend much more on military than 3 % , they can also acquire equipment cheaper by producing pretty much everything themselves , and have conscription as well . 
   but you are right that poland gets far less support than other european countries by what measure ? 
  most of the european countries do n't get a lot of support , it 's just that germany and italy are the main foothold of the us armed forces in europe . 
  trump wants to make european countries pay for us deployment in service of them . 
  which is reasonable by the way . 
  i for one welcome our asian europeans . 
  eu membership when ? 
  it would need to morally/ethically speaking , but it wo n't either way . 
  ` jezus h\u00e9 ' or ` huh ' comes to mind , though the english phrases are mostly a randstad thing . 
  how 's that related ? 
  i 'm pretty sober in that regard , tax avoidance will not be dealt with by our governments as we 're led by people who use these structures and who are close connected to them . 
  it 's like asking a farmer to stop agricultural subsidies . 
  read the opening reply . 
  he stated social progress came from the government in his experience . 
  laws can be changed . 
  and i send you an article that says the same about your flickr graph . 
  i would be okay with that . 
  leave nato , construct a few ballistic subs and put a dozen nuclear missiles on them and we do n't need much more security assurances . 
  you 're confusing dollars and euro 's , even if your numbers would be correct , that would mean the spanish defense budget would be 13,9 billion * dollars * , and we would have 10,6 billion * dollars * according to the same graph . 
  i mistakenly read bbp , it was supposed to be gni . 
   ... the spanish defence budget is 5.71 billion euros ... [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_armed_forces ) for now 1,5 % would already be a massive improvement , we could always go to 14 billion after that . 
  no , it 's just an effect . 
  ` different ' means that most ` social progess ' here originates from the people , not the government . 
  the representatives are usually the conservative ones . 
  the question is do you - that 's exactly how laws work . 
  judges here have repeatedly judged political figures differently due to societal importance . 
  in fact the law itself also makes exceptions for politicians . 
   who the fuck would still get to be admitted ? 
  better yet , who would still want to be admitted ? 
  sure , [ 1 ] ( http://www.clingendael.nl/sites/default/files/20120800_kijk_homan_hagemeijer.pdf ) page 6 . 
  the dutch army in 1990 had 264.000 personnel , 911 mbt 's , 21 f16 's etc. 
  compared to 160.000 of the current british forces , and 240.000 of the current french army . 
  * our defense budget during the cold war was 10 % of gni compared to about 1,5 % today . 
   do they mention the minsk protocol ? 
  it 's true that the minsk agreement is held up by ukraine . 
  the parties agreed to a step-by-step plan , russia implemented everything so far ( though is starting to revert that - ) up until ukraine refused to proceed . 
  next step was increased regional autonomy to be implemented by kiev , there has so far been no practical steps undertaken to implement that and ukraine is starting to backpeddle . 
  now the separatists and russians having started to revert earlier implementation ( like moving back heavier weapons to the front )  was it not the budapest memorandum -----------  the memorandum included security assurances against threats or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , belarus and kazakhstan . 
  i do n't know the exact content of the budapest memorandum , but the eu threatened ukraine into signing the aa treaty , the treaty could be considered an end to ukraine 's political independence . 
  so one could argue the eu violated the budapest memorandum . 
   or when russia justifies not supporting ` coalitions ' that bypass official international channels and procedures and thus have no legal status ? 
  is true as well , the iraq war for example bypassed international channels . 
   not to mention what they did in libya !, 
  is true as well , the west went outside their mandate in libya . 
   you ca n't campaign against people who do n't listen i beg to differ , the no campaign did that with positive result . 
   you might have some truth into that . 
  i might be too biased in that respect . 
  but trying to be objective i do n't find a 30 % voting turnout to be a good thing . 
  if every general election starts to get those precentages i would think democracy is in danger , cause because of people 's apathy . 
  i agree 30 % is low , but it is also testing the waters , it 's the first referendum following the new law allowing referendums . 
  also the subject is just less important for many people than for example electing the parliament which had a turnout of 75 % [ 2 ] ( http://www.verkiezingsuitslagen.nl/na1918/verkiezingsuitslagen.aspx?verkiezingstypeid=1 ) . 
  turnout for the european parliament elections in the netherlands for example was about the same ( 37 % in 2014 ) . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.verkiezingsuitslagen.nl/na1918/verkiezingsuitslagen.aspx?verkiezingstypeid=5 ) as that is also considered quite unimportant . 
   but if tomorrow there 's a referendum on going to war with certain country , or if we should increase our dependance on fossil fuels by banning clean energies ( hypothecial extremes ) , and people say yes , then i would consider it the wrong outcome , a mistake , cause it will harm everyone in the long term . 
  fair point , but i highly doubt any of that would recieve votes here . 
  the netherlands has always been averse of war , and people are very much aware of the environment . 
  ( we kind of have no choice either , living with 500 + people on every 1km ^ 2 of land you ca n't neglect the environment . ), 
  i think the big difference here is that results of that outcome ( ` voting to increase dependance on fossil fuels ' ) is very easily quantified ( directly related negative effect on public health , environment and climate ) political agreements are very hard to quantify , therefor the ` good ' or ` wrong ' outcome is generally a matter of linking different aspects in your personal order of priority . 
  is n't it nice to hold conversations on this level , adolf ? 
  wages in germany are a big higher though roughly equal [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) , but the labour market is much better , as is the housing market . 
  uk has a better housing market if you do n't center too much on london , which is indeed just as worse as amsterdam . 
  de republiek for short . 
   its like you ca n't win with the migrants . 
  they ca n't even speak the language !, 
  germany forces them to learn the language . 
  this will never work , germany is doomed !, 
   generally the political right is against the arrival of the migrants , and the political left is against them learning the language .
