   when the ussr invaded , eastern europe , the west covered its eyes and shook hands with stalin . 
  those pesky westerners , why did n't they just continue the war and kill another few dozen million and further destroy whatever remained of the continent . 
   now , not even 30 years after the fall of the ussr , the west again wants to appease russia and make the same deal . 
  i know the leaders ca n't say it at the moment , but that 's the opinion of a lot of citizens and sooner or later it will become policy . 
  it 's certainly the case in the uk , france , netherlands , italy and probably others . 
  russia is a country as well , just as poland , bulgaria or ukraine only then larger and more important . 
  you may not always like a certain country , but we 'll have to live with each other either way if we do n't want to kill each other , especially when you 're practically neighbours . 
  for us ( western europe ) it 's best to take a moderate stance and seek a delicate balance . 
  but the lack of cheap apartments may have been a reason for this construction ? 
  a majority is against the treaty following the referendum , therefor the treaty should be changed , canceled , or not include the netherlands . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  add to that that the actual ` support ' comes from the west , not the east ( which is also recieving support from the west ) . 
  they all revert to the same source . 
  regardless , information war is nothing unique , everybody does it , including ukraine and the west . 
  neither are undercover agents , spies , operatives or what have you , it would be news if there were n't any undercover operatives , not if there were . 
  during the snowden leaks we even found out that the us has an army of operatives in europe secretly , and that 's an ` ally ' , would be pretty naive to believe russia or china does n't have the same . 
  consequently it 's nothing for the average joe to worry about . 
   they also need to make it clear what ca n't be achieved outside of the eu . 
  best way to ` win ' this is not by telling the other option is stupid/bad/disgrace , but show why the option * you * are advocating is the best . 
  unfortunately i rarely see this . 
  and whenever i hear people/institutions say ` vote for what we want , because the other option is bad , you 're a fool , fear mongering and do n't know anything ' just forces me to vote exactly that . 
  and still your personal data is sold day in day out , just now by an american company and not a european one . 
   i think this is the biggest difference . 
  i 'm not sure , the risk aversion of europeans ( and by extention european investors ) is a big difference as well . 
  people only want to invest money when they 're quite certain it will yield profit or at the least not be lost . 
  which means start-ups ca n't grow or go bankrupt at an early stage . 
  from the moment an investment is confident enough , the start-up does n't have much need for financing anymore . 
  in europe there 's also a severe lack of private investors , traditionally banks are the main source of financing for starting companies . 
  banks are currently even more risk averse , and mostly only provide special investments which require personal responsibility of the entrepeneurs as well as personal leverage . 
  when you 're busy with a start-up , investments/loans pretty quickly go up to several tens of thousands at a very early stage . 
  you do n't want to end up paying that back personally when your company goes bankrupt . 
   yeah fuck that . 
   no problem . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/france-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtfr&amp;v=201604041857n&amp;d1=20060101&amp;d2=20161231 )  maybe because we do n't want to burn through our workforce ? 
  people have lives , it 's not all work work work . 
  and for people in the silicon valley it seems to be the opposite . 
  both employee as well as employer would be happy if the workforce works . 
  i do n't see why you want to keep people un - or underemployed , or overqualified . 
   darn what a lovely anti european neo-liberal circlejerk . 
  oh my , is it ~ ~ russo ~ ~ europhobic ? 
  is that still a thing ? 
  much of that is vergane glorie . 
  maybe philips still produces a tooth bursh . 
  there 's asml of course , but that 's basically the only significant player there . 
  would n't be surprised if half the companies there are simply a mailbox for tax purposes either , as is custom in the netherlands . 
  especially considering our tax-laws on licensing . 
   of course we do have a lot of successful startups but not at the volume the us has . 
  there 's starting to be a climate of fostering start-ups , but they often end up being sold to americans , bankrupt ( which comes with a life-long stigma ) or unable to grow to their potential . 
  incubating is not nearly sufficient , and it 's quite scary provided you do n't want to end up with a single issue economy in the future . 
   i 'm not exactly sure what needs to change for this to happen - it would be hard to quantify , generally we need more economic convergence between memberstates , less labour rights , less bureaucracy , less corruption/lobbying/tax evasion and less regulation/protectionism . 
  but try getting that through europe . 
  the issue with most people is that they do not consider the fact that labour rights are actually a burden to the working class as well , and that regulation is often protectionism of uncompetitive old-boys/cash cows . 
   even though we have probably more human capital than the us . 
  maybe we do , but there 's no way to exploit that with the current labour laws , low incomes and overtaxation . 
  much of our human capital left , is leaving , or will leave to overseas because there are countries around the world that are better for them , especially and particularly in the tech sector . 
  for those that stay , startups do n't want them unless they agree to work without being an employee . 
  ( being contracted while operating under a sole proprietorship , or buying in shares and working as director or something similar depending on local laws ), 
  the sun rises for nothing , the rest does n't . 
   there is definitely more to their story . 
  no company will just up and leave due to an expensive housing market or lack of emphasis on teaching coding . 
  spotify cited the general bad economic climate in europe as their main reason to consider leaving europe in the future and moving their core activities to the us . 
  they even mentioned it 's pathetic and telling that europe so far has n't created even 1 tech-giant like google , microsoft , facebook or twitter . 
  it 's not the corporate tax rate that 's the problem , it 's the general lack of innovation in europe , and stiffling bureaucracy as well as a maze of overregulation . 
  eventhough sweden is a top-performer in europe regarding this , sweden is too small of a market to host a multinational tech-giant . 
  they rely on the european market to attract personnel , investments , knowledge and to innovate . 
  the european market as a whole is just not innovative , it 's conservative , inflexible , lacks opportunities , resources and investments . 
  labour costs and risks are too high , actual incomes too low . 
  besides if you want to compare tax rates , you should compare the whole set of them . 
  including sales , wealth and income taxes . 
  the us prefers to take taxes from corporations , europe prefers to take taxes from employees , investors and consumers . 
   do you happen to know what the border to get into the uk is like normally ? 
  like when government agencies are n't in alert . 
  flying to the uk from an eu member would require an additional passport check when you arrive , taking the train through the channel tunnel or a ferry would require a passport check up . 
  gues you guys are making up for it then , we have n't had a physical border with germany in 22 years , there 's only a sign saying ` netherlands ' with the maximum speeds and a few traffic camera 's , but i was picked of the highway this morning by military on a mobile border control point . 
  probably because the former border stations do n't exist anymore , that they do mobile controls . 
  though it feels odd having to explain why you enter your own country . 
  i gues i got use to these borders , sure hope it does n't get worse . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.z24.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/autobahn-tol-snelweg-duitsland.jpg ) is what our borders looks like , or this [ 2 ] ( http://www.grenspalen.info/images/dldgpgrenspadov.jpg ) , and with belgium this [ 3 ] ( http://img.travel.ru/images2/2012/04/object200419/12.jpg ), 
   but that bring another question which is , how do you apply this kind of opt-out ? 
  we would figure that out as we go , like we usually do . 
   would the visa waiver not be applied to the netherlands ? 
  i do n't believe the visa waiver is part of the a-agreement . 
  how we apply this is making sure the netherlands does not contribute to cohesional funds or other monetary/political/economic assistance to the ukrainian state , and will not allow work immigration in the future . 
  they can enter through belgium or germany then ( though there are border controls there now ) but ca n't live or work and will be deported to germany/belgium when discovered . 
  seems pretty straightforward . 
  also no part in the military cooperation as noted in the agreement and the other chapters that do not fall within the eu 's exclusive competence . 
  farmers regularly find ww2 ammunition/bombs when plowing fields , rarely anything older though . 
  then again when every inch of ground is intensively inhabited by people things do n't tend to stay untouched for long . 
  the us has vast regions barely populated , the odds of finding something there are considerably higher . 
   country that has no natural resources , but has one of the highest gdp-s in the world must have a very educated and intelligent population . 
  i 'm sure it takes intellect to steal gold and facilitate tax evasion by robbing other states . 
  not sure it 's a merit held by the average swiss though . 
   i also do n't think that taxation should be the same everywhere ( maybe a flat tax for the eu and then the countries can add their own tax on top of it , i think that 's how switzerland does it with its cantons ) because taxing something in one place might not cause a big impact in that place but could cause big economic problems in other places ( like tourism , for example ) so the taxation should be analysed by region ( or , like i mentioned previously , set a lower fixed tax , maybe 5 % , and let the governments of the countries set their own taxes on top of that 5 % ) . 
  income/wealth distrubution through tax regimes has merit , but it should be coupled to an offset in representation . 
  if you pay you have a say , fair as can be , otherwise you do n't or have less . 
  in the confederacy staatse regions were ruled by the confederacy , the confederacy in turn was ruled by the provinces that paid the bills . 
  right now there are 5 or 6 members that foot the bills , they should say what happens , if the others want too than they better open their purse . 
  and if one of those 5/6 members does n't want to , they should be able to opt-out as well . 
  and that seems like the best solution , it 's not fair for us to bomb the whole agreement when we 're the only one opposing , it 's fair for us to opt-out and recieve a rebate/exceptions instead . 
   ^ this ^ .
