  only a few vehicles come from germany , and some of them are produced by a cooperation of both countries . 
  there 's no german economic dominance in our military . 
  that 's old news , we still had 18 leopard 2 's in storage who were taken back into active service ( and will now be complemented with an additional 16 leased from germany ) anyway we do n't really need tanks , internationally we did n't operate them , they 're useless in the defense of the caribbean netherlands and they 're useless in the defense of european netherlands as well . 
  with 2 % we can . 
  keep in mind the dutch army is an expeditionary force though , which is much more expensive than a self defense force . 
  you could fit the entire finnish navy in one of our ships several times for example . 
  ( his majesty 's karel doorman has a displacement of about 29.000 tons , making it the largest vessel to ever serve in our navy ), 
  we have about the same budget as spain ( little higher ) , it 's the 5 highest budget in the eu i think . 
  the netherlands was neutral in ww1 . 
  ( and would 've remained neutral in ww2 had the japanese not invaded the indies ), 
  not anymore if they take over the dutch navy . 
  is n't that the same in german though ? 
  they worked far longer , still do actually , they were effective against airborn assaults as well . 
  ( during ww2 they flooded many fields preventing an airborn landing ) it made up the main nato defensive doctrine during the cold war . 
  in the case of a russian offensive , the combined dutch/west german forces would organize a controlled retreat towards the schelde linie fending them of long enough to flood the lines , the dutch/w-german army were then supposed to hold of the main russian force until a counter offensive was assembled in england . 
  as long as you make sure you have lights on them at night , you should be fine here . 
  if you do n't , grab a taxi , it 's cheaper . 
  ( no light front and back ; 50 euro ), 
   who is willing to muster the forces necessary to occupy a country like syria ? 
  a few thousand soldiers wo n't suffice . 
  we need more like a few hundred thousand soldiers and expect a number of casualties and this is even without taking into concerns with russia or turkey , wanting to keep an independent kurdistan from happening . 
  we ca n't just sweep in there with a bunch of soldiers and end the civil war . 
  all that would do is create another afghanistan , another iraq this would need to be a combined effort , and we would n't need hundreds of thousands . 
  the netherlands for example should easily be able to contribute 1000 soldiers , that would be about equal to 5000 from germany , 4000 from france/uk/italy , 3000 from spain etc. 
  together with local allies , and possibly some western allies ( us , canada , australia etc. ), 
  we should be able to muster a significant force able to keep order in at least parts of the country . 
  if you could for example , secure half the country or a third people would n't need to flee the country anymore . 
  actually we do , the netherlands was nearly invaded during mh17 , when the venezuelan navy moved into dutch sovereign waters until the netherlands budged and released their politician provoming anger from the us . 
  the ven . 
  president later pretty much admitted he tried to create war . 
  this is why we have a very capable expeditionary navy with 2 lpd 's and an amphibius assault vessel capable of carrying apaches and chinooks , as well as several tanker aircrafts to operate f16 's there . 
  people also forget that the dutch commander refused to surrender the dutch forces in zeeland , preventing the german army to move down the belgian coast and pinch the french/belgian/british forces which secured the retreat from duinkerken . 
  also i think it was 5 days , the brunt of the troops in zeeland fought for another 3 i think . 
  it was a plan until 1990 as well . 
  the dutch dike ring was nato 's main front line in its strategy , it was modernised post-ww2 as out contribution to nato , it should still function and it was partially activated during the cuban crisis , which led to sewers flooding . 
  also parts of it were used during ww2 preventing german airborn assaults and used to complement the grebbelinie . 
  2 % of gdp would be 14 billion euro , a bit much and nearly double the current budget . 
   so we deny thes people that are not having good reasons for asylum asylum . 
  that 's one thing , getting them out of the country is quite another . 
  i do not prefer having illegals over refugees . 
   the aim is almost always to have people eventually return home . 
  the issue is as long as we host people here we need them to be doing something or they will find themselves something that may very well be crime . 
  people just are not made for long periods of inaction . 
  you also have to do stuff like provide schools for the children . 
  these camps should n't be too large ( + / - 1000 for example ) and should be strict monitored and secured by personnel . 
   having people all concentrated in these camps also leads to ghettoization and may very well make those hotspots of social and criminal issues . 
  it also makes it harder for those people to accomodate themselves to the host country . 
  they do n't need to be accomodated to the country , as they 're leaving . 
  education can of course be provided in these camps . 
  i should say that in regions were ( affordable ) homes are not in massive shortage , it could be possible to house families in a home , or several individuals in one . 
  but in the netherlands this is mostly not desirable , natives often have to wait 10 years to get an affordable house , we should n't be handing the few available to refugees and end up having natives who start a family on their parents ' attic . 
   this also is one thing that will be tough to eliminate simply because there are the incentives to get here for those people and it simply is not an option to make it for example possible to apply for asylum in foreign embassies simply because that could very easily overstretch the system even more . 
  we could accept applications in turkey , and handle them there , and provide a few airplanes/ships to bring them to their destination ( based on a quota over the eu for example ) we could also change the system , it is mostly desirable that whenever possible , refugees stay in their own region . 
  this is however not what our asylum system keeps in mind . 
   there just are a lot of practical issues with that . 
  the eu was trying to implement such a system with the hotspot system and then the redistribution to make it easier to identify who is eligible for asylum , but i think you know how that system failed . 
  i think it is hard to ask for much more than our states actually trying to make it work , the best we can . 
  we just are dependent on other states here aswell . 
  the system failed because the quota 's were voluntary . 
  i do n't see how anybody came up with that , a refugee should not decide wether he 's going to germany or portugal , our asylum system is not a neckermann office , our government should decide that and provide the transition . 
   also if you provide legal means to travel here you have to be careful that you do n't make it too easy so not too many people get here . 
  i know that is cynical , but it just is a matter of the fact that germany and the netherlands for that have only limited capabilites . 
  sure , that 's a very reasonable concern . 
   i do not know for the netherlands , but i know that the german government is actively trying to seek a solution for the conflict in syria . 
  it just is a complicated issue , one that wo n't be solved in a fortnight . 
  i believe they 're ` actively trying ' to , just not effectively . 
  they 're basically trying to do everything they can without actually doing something . 
  while that 's very active it 's not effective . 
  we could put a stop to the war , form a transitional government consisting of all parties that are willing to contribute to a peaceful solution , and put a few thousand boots on the ground to keep order , possibly together with lebanon , israel , turkey and jordan . 
  it would by no means create a working state , but when the fighting ( largely ) stops there 's at least the time to seek that , and no more need for people to flee the country . 
   they , france , the uk the us and a pair more have special forces on the ground and advisors for this exact reason . 
  is this sufficient ? 
  it does n't appear like it . 
  there 's so much more that can be done ( for example direct military involvement )  as for deporting them being illegal , the situation is quite messy and complicated , with the eu not helping at all , the opposite at times . 
  it 's easy to say what you do from where you are because you never had to deal with it . 
  italy , greece and spain have these dead end issues for years , more than a decade and the eu has done very little on this front . 
  i agree the eu has been anything but helpful , but that 's not going to improve soon , so it just reinforces that you 're of to your own devices . 
  which should be sufficient as well , we 're not talking about guinea or new zealand here , while not resembling the world power it once was , france and italy do have a lot of means , especially in a neighbouring country with the population of half of paris . 
   russia should not have carte blanche on escalation , i do n't see why not . 
  we 're in a position of strength , we 've nothing to gain from escalating militarily . 
  of course there 's a boundary somewhere , but i do not see it being crossed by this . 
  nobody got hurt , nobody was really in danger , and the sailors probably had a field day what would otherwise have been a boring training with a polish helicopter . 
  that 's probably true , pineapple does n't grow here , canning it no doubt made it widely affordable . 
  i made no such claim . 
   if we become a republic anyway ? 
  normally a republic has a president and a pm . 
   these people are fleeing civil war and we ca n't make that go away if we do not allow people to flee to us , but it instead is our humanitarian duty to help those in need and provide sanctuary to those that come to us . 
  many people are n't though , and i 'm very disappointed in the way the government ( s ) have handled that as a whole . 
   honestly do you believe that germany or the netherlands should not provide refuge to people fleeing from civil war or fleeing political prosecution or prosecution because they are gay or do n't believe in a certain religion ? 
  i believe we should provide refuge to people who have valid reasons to flee . 
  however refuge for me does not mean a free apartment , a welfare check and work permit . 
  refuge for me means a camp , though neat and equiped with all basic needs , with the aim for refugees to eventually return when the situation allows that . 
  only those for whom there 's no reasonably chance they can return any time soon , should we be looking at integrating ( providing a start ; a home , work permit , counseling , some education etc. ), 
  i just see 100.000 s of thousands moving into europe from all over the world , coming from sri lanka or bangladesh , to sudan or senegal . 
  many of these people have no business here . 
  i also see legit refugees having to move to europe by illegal means on very dangerous routs organized by criminal organisations with grave disrespect to the rule of law and all countries in between place of departure and destination . 
  i would be a lot more confident supporting our asylum system if it effectively managed to halt illegal immigration , while at the same time helps actual refugees , not by turning them into economic migrants as well , but by providing safe and legal means to travel here , and safe , though large scale , temporary accomodations . 
  i also believe all this would be more effective if we would simulteously contribute to a solution to the conflicts that displace these people instead of standing by it and looking at it . 
  i mean seriously the civil war in syria has lasted for years , would it really be that hard for europe to assemble a peace force and put a stop to all fighting ? 
  i do n't think so .
