  i do n't see why , you could just bundle 400 and say every nation will lease x of that . 
  of course they operate different planes , it was just a suggestion . 
  this is also one of the dilemma 's regarding european defense , the question is do we require more funding , or more cooperation , because both can achieve the same . 
   i will when plenty of other forces had to make up for you . 
  it will bite you in the arse because you will eventually end up having your interests threatened and the likes of america wont assist you ( see the falklands for example ) and you will be forced to rely on your own national forces , . 
   i ca n't find much about them leaving early , in any case it seems these 2000 dutch soldiers were immensily out of proportion , nearly as much as the british provided and almost 10x the amount australia provided . 
   it will bite you in the arse because you will eventually end up having your interests threatened and the likes of america wont assist you ( see the falklands for example ) cooperation in the caribbean between the netherlands and the us is mutually profitable . 
  if your politicians want to end that , so be it . 
   i do n't get your last point explain ? 
  i think the us still left some b61 's , and the us is still occupying some land near one of our sattelite observatories . 
  if the us is not happy with our partnership , you 're free to pack your bags . 
  comitting 2000 to afghanistan is not our fair share . 
  and be glad they were contributed , do n't be sour and complain about them ` leaving too early ' . 
  wether it will ` come back to bite us in the arse ' probably not as we do our share , but we 'll see , keep me posted . 
   especially with members of the american security committees making noise about not being europe 's army . 
  so what ? 
  if you do n't like it , then leave . 
  it would probably be a better idea to bundle the nordics , and buy , say , 400 gripens together and operate them together as well . 
  fairly straight forward to roulate them all . 
  gains in scale will let you all operate more without having to spend more , and increase actual firepower as well . 
  they 're neither useful nor necessary . 
   the countries you listed would bow to the pressure once exposed . 
  yea sure . 
  soon as you clean your own house we 'll consider it , otherwise i would say come try it . 
  oh yes we 're by no means innocent here . 
  then again , we 'll look into it soon as others do . 
  one of the first to have its arms twisted would be the uk though , still like it then ? 
  though we should not forget it would be a ` let he without sins throw the first stone . ', 
  i would gladly stand in front of that , i can tell you i would walk away without a bruise . 
  at this rate i see this new referendum law having a short lifespan . 
  i thought we were * the * biggest per capita . 
  there 's satire and insults indeed , though both can be the same for different beholders , what is crucial though is that both do not get prosecuted . 
  yes but then there 's insufficient funds to actually operate 70 jets , so why have them ? 
  better to have 50 which you can fully operate , then have 70 and have all sorts of operational issues . 
  then again this is not unique , the airplanes are swedish they were bought because it was good for industry , actually operating was probably of secondary priority . 
  i agree , it would be madness if we would still have the same army as we did in 1990 . 
  ( for comparison the dutch army in 1990 was bigger than any current european army ) i also agree we went too far , we will always need a military , and not having an effective one can actually lead to violence , while having one can prevent one . 
  we 're still in a pretty luxurious position though where we can maintain a credible defense with something like 1,5 % of our annual income . 
  the karel doorman is indeed an amphibious dock ( though it 's primary use is as a fleet oiler for global power projection ) , but all the rest of the equipment is alien to finland as well . 
  there 's basically no finnish navy , the most powerful vessel , an armed tugboat , is what brings tourists to an island in the summer close to me . 
  these islands already have massive issues with illegal migration as well . 
  but yes , venezuela is a dangerous time bomb . 
  though we acquired these 4 new opv 's [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holland-class_offshore_patrol_vessel ) for the caribbean , where they operate together with us coast guard in the war on drugs , and always one as a stationship . 
  the older frigates [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karel_doorman-class_frigate ) were also reconfigured for insurgency warfare , making them able to operate in very near coastal waters . 
  this is our biggest concern , not russia . 
   vnl wants to uphold the 2 % norm , which would mean new submarines and a aircraft carrier . 
  and upgrading all outdated materials . 
  which sounds interesting at least . 
  it does indeed , new subs and an aircraft carrier could be designed/constructed domestically so it could be an employment boost as well , and a large part of the money would flow right back into the state coffers . 
  but these new subs are being planned in any case as the current ones require a replacement in the near future , they did talk about quiting the whole u-boat division but i think they 've reconsidered that . 
  though i expect the current 4 will likely be replaced with a maximum of 3 new ones , which would be another reduction . 
  i think that was already mentioned , as the money reserved would be insufficient for 4 subs . 
  no that 's not the treaty we signed . 
  the 2 % rule is an advice . 
  we 're one of the top contributors to nato when it comes to actually doing something , so i see no reason to meet the advice when we do our fair share . 
  that said there 's a shortage , but doubling the defense budget ( it 's currently 8 billion ) is the other extreme . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  you could fit your entire navy in one of our vessels several times and still have room to spare . 
  would n't be a bad idea , did n't fortuyn mention that idea as well ? 
  especially since we have no permanent ( fighter ) airforce base there anymore . 
  but i do n't see it happen , though if there would be a budget increase , it would make the most sense to mitigate it to the navy , and with an aircraft carrier it would also boost the airforce . 
  the land forces already recieve 50 % of the funding . 
   dassault rafales are also an option . 
  and will probably have priority over the eurofighter due to its limited weaponsplatform . 
  even us engineers and pilots often admit russian avionics are generally of a higher standard than any of what the west has to offer . 
  i get it you do n't like russia , but respect where respect is due . 
  the netherlands added the f-22 to it 's procurement contest as well , eventhough the us does n't export it . 
  they 're probably just looking what the best plane is , and would ask if should it spring out . 
  this in a country that was considered to have the worlds ' 3th most powerful airforce in the cold war . 
  how things change . 
  maybe it 's different in the randstad , when you cycle where i live without lights the first police officer/car will at the very least give you a warning , and often a fine . 
  come one now , lang leve koning pils !, 
  oh wait , it 's not the 27th of april yet . 
   and should either the bern or the donald be the next us president , they 've promised to make sure you guys pay that much . 
  all i can do is laugh , what will they do ? 
  you can forget about that , there 's no way in seven heavens we 're going to pay that . 
  all in all this is surprising coming from a finn , you 're not even a part of nato , and your army has nowhere near the capabilities , experience or knowledge of the dutch army . 
  not sure why you felt the need to complain . 
  the actual invasion happened later yes , but the plans were there way before . 
  initially the germans aimed to respect dutch neutrality , and started a process of peaceful infiltration of the dutch government with the aim of gaining access to indonesia . 
  when the japanese planned to invade the indies , the netherlands became useless for the germans as a neutral state . 
  so let poles order them then , and train them and keep them operational . 
  the most likely war we would be in would be with venezuela . 
  there 's next to zero chance we will go to war with russia . 
  i doubt it , i support raising the defense budget with about 25 % from the current levels , but 14 billion euro is bit much . 
  2 % would be 14 billion euro in our case , that 's the defense budget of spain and poland combined . 
  but that 's a bit too much , currently we 've a budget of around 8 billion euro , 10 should be a sufficient budget . 
  with that 2 billion extra we can acquire that bit extra to maintain reasonable capabilities on all levels and assure allies . 
  then stop paying for it . 
  even better , bring your complaints to your politicians , we ca n't do anything for you in this regard we do n't vote for your government . 
  we have a king now . 
  i disagree , reichskanzler has a nice ring to it . 
   also mali mostly only a commando mission , mali is quite a significant deployment for the dutch army with apache 's , dc10 's , c-130 's and chinooks . 
  the germans only provided transport/tanker aircraft . 
  the dutch government does n't need parliamentary support for deployment of our armed forces . 
  which makes it pretty easy to quickly react , as just the cabinet can decide . 
  ( although it 's custom to ask parliament , but that 's more political ) in the case of germany this is probably more difficult . 
  it 's bullshit though , we build our own vessels ( damen group ) , our airplanes all come from the us ( c-130 's , p-30 orion 's , f16 's , f-35 's , dc1 tankers , boeing apaches etc. ), 
  and one exception , the nh90 's partially come from our own soil . 
  our land airdefense ( patriots ) come from the us , the main backbone of our land forces ( cv90 's ) come from sweden .
