  i would 've full heartedly agreed 2 years ago , i do have my doubts now due to the german political climate . 
  we 're well aware of what certain minorities grow into who do not integrate and/or are culturally very different to us , germany has the desire to expand that , the sentiment in the netherlands has been a bit more careful recently . 
  i do not know wether i could find a place in that union , i 'm dutch and i 'm not ashamed of that , i do not have historic guilt or the need to self-flagellate by inviting the third world to feel better about my skin being white or my mother tongue being a certain language , or place of birth being within certain borders . 
  i do not hold the believe that everybody has the right to just bounce in here and take/demand everything they need , nor do i believe in a multi ( parallel ) cultural society or postmodern human-universalism . 
  i believe in a society with social cohesion , were we all have personal freedom , but we do share a few core values that defends and upholds our society . 
  i believe in a society where people can only live if they intend to - and actually contribute and adapt to , where people will earn things , not demand them , or have a right to them , or just simply take them . 
  so you 'll undersand i would be a bit weary of such a far reaching political union , but who knows where germany is in 5 years . 
  i see no reason why he should lie for what you call a ` full confession ' . 
  equality and fairness are not subjective , your moral/ethical compass is only subjective ( and in your case is pointing far away from north ), 
  somehow i doubt a triggerhappy cowboy makes a good captain , but otherwise fair enough , i had no desire to commandeer a combat vessel . 
   the main difference is russia does not think it owns your country . 
  you 're saying russia thinks it owns finland and the baltics ? 
   we 're trying , almost impossible . 
   with what exactly ? 
  looking at them with drooling eyes and a smile ? 
  wrong picture , you need the ` severalgovernmentsfound.gif '  extremely expensive , if you prefer keeping them in italy because it 's cheaper , do n't come to us complaining you want to get rid of them . 
   a lot of them come from `` war zones '' and a lot of them do n't , so start with deporting those that do n't , and seek other measures for those that do . 
   it 's also illegal to deport them , their home country does n't want them . 
  it 's not illegal to deport people , if their home country does n't want them you should give them something in return . 
  worked with turkey , will work with most other states . 
  ( and otherwise you 'll start to make their life miserable instead of better , and show them we can be jerks too if they choose to be ), 
  there is between some overseas territories . 
  citizens of some of these territories for example , despite not living in the eu , can even vote for ep elections . 
  i do n't know the technicality of these particular terrotories , but people of curacao for example are eu citizens without living in the eu , there 's also no trade barriers between them and the eu . 
  ( the other way around there is , non-dutch eu citizens do n't have these rights vice versa ), 
  your president becomes a king as well over these territories ? 
  is n't that what the french do with their toy-states ? 
  in my opinion not if that right is used to loot or harm others . 
  anyway your constitutional ties are both a british as well as a guernsinian decision , if the brits want to combat tax evasion they could amputate guernsey , or add to the uk proper by means of referendum , wether you like it or not . 
  but do n't worry , the uk does n't want to combat tax evasion and you 'll probably remain a pirate lair for a long time to come . 
   what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  wealth redistribution ( which totals less than 1 % of eu 's gdp , despite you trying to over-dramatize it ) is part of the eu aswell . 
   that does n't mean i have to support it , or that it can not change , or that it 's against our interests etc. 
  that 's a different discussion . 
  we all together made a tax system , you can agree with it or disagree , it can be changed and is constantly changed , the most basic thing however we expect is equality and fairness . 
  that means if you decide as a country to pay x % tax over y-income/turnover/savings / dividents etc. , everybody pays that , period . 
  nobody says we have to do each referendum two times . 
  and even if , it 's the second second referendum in what , 160 years ? 
  we 're by no means a switserland when it comes to direct democracy . 
  but i get it you 're just rambling because you 're butt hurt that things do n't always go the way you want , well best get to use to that because for you there are 17 million others who have opinions , views and desires . 
   no one wants a war in europe , but i 'm not sure continued appeasement of dangerous , unprofessional foot stomping is the correct answer . 
  the effects of appeasement can be debated , what we do know is that starting a war does not prevent a war , so even appeasement is preferable to that . 
  so has the us , in finland and sweden rather recently . 
  as far as japan , you do n't mean the kuril islands right ? 
  because they 're russian territory . 
   not really . 
  he gave some bs statement that he gave the military orders to prepare for the invasion couple days before it took place . 
  thats not coming clean or admitting what you 've done . 
   it seems you missed it too . 
   `` crimean self-defense forces were of course backed by russian servicemen , '' putin said . 
  `` they acted very appropriately , but as i 've already said decisively and professionally . '' [ 1 ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/crimea-defense-russian-soldiers-108/ ), 
  but not those where the ` policeman is standing on the corner ' . 
  i would feel reasonably comfortable sharing that with germany too ( and belgium ) , although germany would need a slight mentality shift to actual usage of that combined force . 
  but it seems we 're working towards this slowly . 
  prop-up a government in libya , pay a government to take refugees back , pay a government in libya to set a italian/european run ` refugee ' camp and deport people to here to keep them , or deport them to countries of origin instead of libya . 
  there 's always a way . 
  there 's just no will or competence , only ineptitude in italy . 
  i do n't feel much for sharing in the consequences of that . 
  yes , really . 
  there 's not a single way to go about things , and if one option is impossible or failed it does not rule out all solutions . 
  the uk is still in the eu . 
  the overseas territories might not ( all ) be , but this is a british issue . 
   did n't answer my question . 
   actually it does , since rich people have influence , common people do not . 
   yea that 's not going to happen . 
  there 's plenty of tax evasion within the eu to begin with . 
  i realize that , i see no reason to further talk about other tax evasion if people are n't willing to do what is obvious . 
   how does the uk gov benefit from them ? 
   the old boys network likes to look out for each other . 
   i 'd much rather we deal with eu members than british oversea territories . 
  i would much rather the uk either adds ( some of ) these islands to the uk proper or amputates them . 
  guernsey , juernsey and isle of man etc. 
  are of what they 're because of tax avoidance/evasion . 
  but the government holds their hand above their head because they 're useful in this regard . 
  that 's no surprise , the migrants do n't want to be on the iberian peninsula . 
  you also do n't have a large muslim population . 
  portugal could n't even fill accomodations by begging migrants in greece . 
  london is , but it is not london that is the problem . 
  it 's juernsey , guernsey , isle of man , british virgin islands , cayman islands , bermuda islands etc. 
  it is both people are complaining about , both are morally and ethically reprehensible . 
  because the same sensitivies do n't apply to russians , and it 's okay to be racist to people priviliged with a light skin . 
  for me it would solve nothing , there 's nothing racist about black pete . 
   no in this case it really reeks of it . 
  for you probably a lot of things do , it 's called paranoia . 
  although besides paranoia it could also be cognitive dissonance , and the refusal to accept the legitimacy of other , opposing , political views . 
  the first sign of problems ? 
  the first sign of problems was 7 years ago . 
  it could work between largely paralell economies like the netherlands and germany , it ca n't work between such a diverse set of economies without a lot more centralized fiscal tools for adjustment . 
  i can see a market for that , english blend is so mainstream , perhaps an exotic tea will sell well . 
  which makes me happy we 're more of a coffee country . 
   the latest stunt of a referendum in the netherlands were a part of this too imo sure , evil putin is behind all things you do n't like , he 's even hiding in childrens ' closets . 
  i gues we also solved the black pete issue , in a few years sinterklaas zijn hulpjes will dress up as putin , and if you 're naughty they 'll take you in a sack to siberia , or you 'll only get a sack of ~ ~ salt ~ ~ polonium on the 5th of december . 
  well you 're the ones ferrying them to italy . 
  if you do n't want them , then send them back . 
  do n't go playing the fatalist and saying the real problem is that nobody wants them and so everybody should have them . 
  somehow i feel this will end up in france , germany , spain and italy exposing shell firms and overseas trusts from countries other than them though . 
  the conflict of interests is just too large , tax evasion wo n't go away these governments will just facilitate it in other ways . 
  especially the uk , which is a global centerpiece of tax evasion . 
  did they ever flat out ignore involvement there though ? 
  it 's just a provocation , they are n't raping obama 's mother .
