  sure , in the same fashion russia recognizes the donetsk and luhanks republics . 
   they have every right to decide for themselves . 
  morally they do , they have yet to actually recieve their rights though . 
  not necessarily , #malesolidarity would help , everybody just go to work in a short skirt on a certain day , it will be a field day for closeted transgenders . 
   next thing you know they 'll be renaming paul krueger street in the hague as well since he was a south african boer president in the 1800 's . 
  do n't give them ideas . 
  zwarte piet is not les offensive than easter , both are very offensive to some , but it is more enthusiasticly defended . 
  and besides it 's also changing . 
  the government said it is not their role to shape or influence cultural traditions , but there 's a lot of pressure from all sorts of groups to change it anyway . 
  it 's up to organizers now to decide how they do it , which means cities with lots of immigrants will have different ` pieten ' and cities with lots of natives just the reguler ` pieten ' , at the end of the day it 's another incentive for segregation and cause for estrangement between groups . 
  but that 's multiculturialism for you . 
  they can resolve their problems , just not while being occupied and ruled by a foreign power . 
  so until turkey steps back from cyprus there 's no hope for unification , and the only reason turkey would ever do that is if it would benefit from it , that means cypriots need all the leverage they can muster , and not surrender it for some migration crisis which europe refuses to solve themselves and tries to outsource . 
  do you have anything to substantiate that claim ? 
  that 's quite funny , i mean the negerzoen debate might have had at least some merit , this is just ridiculous . 
  perhaps it 's time for a statement ? 
  all female ` desk clerks ' go to work tomorrow in a short skirt ? 
  these sanctions are not deterring russia , besides it 's unlikely there would be a full scale conflict . 
  they 're by no means impenetrenable , but they 're not penetrated ` without much trouble ' . 
  i 'm sure you 're also aware that they 're not linked with a cable , as you must 've seen the link , and that not every material can just be cut with some consumer tools . 
  especially with inflatable rafts ( and the tactics used by smugglers - puncture the raft so you ca n't be send back ) this is a massive barrier . 
  overstaying on a visa creating a large illegal immigration from turkey to the eu . 
  turkey already has large foreign minorities in western europe , people can easily stay illegal . 
  no , that 's an anti-government protest . 
  warranted as it is this is not a ` je suis ' moment were muslims specifically attack our fundamental values . 
  not even the attack in ankara itself was intended to do that . 
  but even if , i do n't feel related to turks in any way , i do feel related to the french . 
  i would never care as much for what happens in turkey , then i would for what happens in france . 
  and there 's nothing forcing me to show as much pity and consideration in my every day life towards whatever happens in zambia or turkey , as i would to whatever happens to our neighbours and union compatriots . 
  this might be a bit of a shock , but the ` je suis ' moment started in france . 
  consequently europe owes it to nobody that does n't help itself . 
  stop begging for international pity . 
  most of the difference is due to taxes . 
  because the other 80 % is in europe ? 
  they can , the same way turkey send them to greece . 
  by having them go to turkey on their own account and not intervene , or at least not too obvious . 
   filled with marine closed cell foam , rendering the units virtually unsinkable even if perforated by physical damages by bullet holes or most other methods of puncturing . 
  good luck with that . 
  these sort of things are build to protect docked naval vessels from insurgents , did you really think they would get through that ` without much trouble ' ? 
  it 's only a few dozen miles that is right of the coast of turkey , no need to protect 800km where nobody comes . 
  and after finland , we would be nex ( i ) t. 
  there 's generally more courage in saying no than saying yes . 
  because talking about political opposition being ' a problem ' is just what dictators do . 
  because australia is secretly still european , all their lands belong to the queen . 
   only belgium , denmark , france and the uk are or were if i 'm not mistaken . 
  ( cough , cough ), 
  yes the american help difinitely changed the situation for the better , and even with lend-lease soviet logistics struggled to keep up with their advances which became very apparent after operation bagration . 
  without us support the war would 've taken longer , though would 've had more or less the same outcome . 
  and without the rapid advance of the russians cashing on the collapse of the german army , d-day would 've been impossible , the campaign on the western front at the very least would 've been delayed . 
  land lease is often highly overrated , yes it helped , no it does n't mean the russians won because of the americans again . 
  it also ignores the massive efforts of the russian to move industry further east and the industrial achievements of mass production of very capable yet uncomplicated machinery like the t-34 . 
  and in the west people believe america won wwii by themselves , equally hilarious . 
  because there were several dutch admiralties . 
   the mak report found the `` immediate cause '' of the accident was the failure of the crew to make a timely decision to proceed to an alternate airport despite being warned multiple times of the poor weather conditions at smolensk . 
  [ 3 ] another immediate cause was the descent below minimums without visual contact with the ground as well as ignoring numerous taws warnings . 
  [ 3 ] this led to controlled flight into terrain . 
  [ 3 ] additionally , the mak report found an `` immediate cause '' of the accident was the presence in the cockpit of the commander-in-chief of the polish air force , which placed extreme stress and `` psychological pressure '' on the captain to `` continue descent in conditions of unjustified risk with a dominating aim of landing at any means . 
  '' [ 3 ]  a `` contributing factor '' to the accident was a long discussion with the protocol director and the crew of the yak-40 regarding the actual weather and the impossibility of landing at smolensk in such weather conditions . 
  [ 3 ] the report found this discussion caused the captain to experience `` clash of motives . 
  '' [ 3 ] on one hand he knew that landing in the reported weather conditions was unsafe . 
  [ 3 ] on the other hand , he faced strong motivation to land at smolensk anyway . 
  [ 3 ] he expected a strong negative reaction from the president if he chose to divert the airplane and land at an alternate airport . 
  [ 3 ]  other `` contributing factors '' were a lack of compliance with standard operating procedures , a lack of crew resource management , and a significant gap in bad weather flights by the pic ( he had not flown in weather conditions similar to smolensk that day in four months ) . 
  [ 3 ] additional `` contributing factors '' were the navigator calling out radar altitudes without considering the uneven terrain in the area , utilization of the autopilot and autothrottles much lower than minimum descent altitude which did not comply with the flight crew operations manual for the tu-154 , and the late start of the final descent which caused the crew to maintain a higher than normal vertical speed . 
  [ 3 ]  a `` systemic cause '' of the accident were `` significant shortcomings in the organization of flight operations , flight crew preparation and arrangement of the vip flight in the special air regiment . 
  well [ some ] ( https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/nl/collectie/ng-mc-239 ) of the english shipswood seems to preserve just fine , or maybe it 's because the dutch preserve it . 
  as state 51 to 79 , or vice versa the us could fit in as eu state 29-79 . 
   but they are n't voting for ukriane to join now , but this will probably be our only chance to vote on it . 
  besides i do n't want my tax money being spend on everything that comes before the membership itself as well . 
   if you have a problem with that you should vote to cut such funds we ca n't vote on that , but we can vote on wether we 're going to spend more funds on ukraine . 
  we should open candidate membership status for the us then . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://erfgoedstem.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/schip-ontdeklt-600x266.png ) a sketch of the wreckage . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://erfgoedstem.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/02.-sea_chart_wreck_1715--584x500.jpg ) a fragment of the old chart showing the wreckage site . 
  it says something like ; ` here 's the north-hollandish warship as left in 1715 ' by the way ;  ... frisian admiralty ... 
  it 's ** west ** frisian admiralty , important distinction because west-friesland is in north holland , not friesland . 
  it use to be frisian , but was n't at [ the time . 
  putin could n't have done this , he was too busy planning the 2014 southeast-european flooding , the 2011 eurocrisis , the 2011 t\u014dhoku earthquake and tsunami in japan as well as the fukushima nuclear disaster that followed . 
  even pre-2010 he was preoccupied with planning the 2004 indian ocean earthquake and tsunami and 2010 haiti earth quake . 
  putins ' a busy man , but even his abilities have boundaries . 
  no , but the 808 was n't much faster was it ? 
  when my contract expired i did ask my provider for an 808 , but they did n't have it so i went for the lumia 720 instead . 
  not even a wee bit , she sounds like an average dictator . 
  she also acts like one . 
  i think the english have a saying for this . 
  the war in greece , nobody is safe there . 
   more than 30 journos and activists arrested but @d_tosidis reports everyone is fine . 
  they have to pay a e250 fee . 
  #refugeesgr taken by army a bit of a low punishment a $ 250 fine , but better than nothing . 
  i did , symbian s3 was a great system and was much more advanced than the iphone and android at the time , it was just enormously out of this world slow and could n't be properly worked with . 
  however i do n't think it would 've been that hard to improve the speed by using faster flash/ram memory/soc . 
  regardless i was pretty contend with my n8 , used it for over 3 years as the software did improve the first year which tackled some of the performance issues . 
  still think that symbian platform was sufficient to take on the competition had they invested a lot in modernizing the inner workings of the os to allow for better performance and higher resolutions . 
  it should be applicable to the pill as well . 
  i 've heard stories of woman that just stop using the pill to ` save their relation ' . 
  but i agree there should be a clear procedure outlining negligence and intend . 
  austerity and ` structural reforms ' should cure them of their mediterranean ethos . 
  obviously not , so do n't make stuff up . 
  the father should be able to legally abort the child if he does n't want that and the fruit was concieved from intercourse that was not intended to procreate , in a defined procedure . 
  then it 's up to the woman to decide wether she will actually decide to abort . 
  if she does n't , she 's responsible for the child and the childs ' needs .
