  finland has the same rates as germany and greece . 
  try making sense of that . 
  currency devaluation is an all-term solution , also generally it 's not a solution as much as it is an automatic adjustment with a free floating currency . 
   were 175 out of 343 were commited by austrians ? 
  euhm that 's a massive amount not being committed by austrians , or does 50 % of austria consist of non-austrians ? 
  besides that 175 also includes second/third generation immigrants . 
  alright then , i agree with you on that , some people say they 'll just not vote because they think not voting gives a higher chance of the referendum not being valid then voting yes has a chance of getting their desired outcome . 
  that should n't be the way . 
  the quota is mentioned in the referendum law , any referendum petitioned by the referendum law will need 30 % + to be valid . 
   but german passed the crisis with less headaches than practically every western developed economy in the world , yes by draining the rest of europe . 
  bulgaria does n't use the euro . 
  but yes , the euro drags everybody down , so rich states become poor , and we 're all going to be poor . 
  do n't see that as a positive though . 
  i think 30 % will be easily reached . 
  that 's why it said ` de facto ' . 
  any drugs in user quantity intended for own consumption will not get you prosecuted . 
  the article does n't mention anything about damaging equipment on board ships . 
  so i 'm going to assume you 're lying . 
  maybe swap [ your ] ( https://www.welzorg.nl/welzorg/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/canta.jpg ) car for a faster one ? 
  yes , the eastern expansion was a mistake in my opinion . 
  it does indeed , next election is march 2017 i think , provided the coalition finishes its term . 
  ( which is very uncommon here , but they got pretty far already ) . 
  though labour is doing terrible in the polls and the liberals are still doing fine , and the minister is from the liberals . 
  they 're socially moderately conservative , a coalition would likely need a leftwing partner to achieve this and the left is doing terrible at the moment , not just labour . 
  though there 's a right wing party that supports . 
  i do n't think he ever answered that question ( at least not that i know ) . 
  he either just lied or heard some fictional story once . 
  in any case , the discussion started because the former minister of justice & security had to step down , and people wondered wether the new one would finally look into properly legalizing soft drugs . 
  this is the answer , meaning it wo n't happen at the very least until next parliamentary elections . 
  unfortunately not . 
  [ he was ] ( https://twitter.com/ardvandersteur/status/198139899042471937 ) serious . 
  i still do n't understand why they do n't change it , screw these international treaties change them or suspend them , you 're allowed to sell weed/hasj/truffles in shops , you 're allowed to use all drugs , but you 're not allowed to grow/produce weed/hasj/truffles . 
  ( or well , you may have 3-5 plants , but you ca n't supply a coffeeshop with 3-5 plants ) there have been people who just produced weed and tried to be entirely legal , paid taxes , adhered to regulations etc. 
  their stuff was compounded , but the court did n't rule a punishment because they tried to be legal . 
  if we legalized production we can increase tax income , decrease criminality , increase user safety/health , it 's a no-brainer really . 
  but then we end up with people who have known people who died because of weed and hasj as ministers . 
   yeah , they are a fun , welcome change , if you are used to driving on a flat 10 lane motorway in the middle of the plain . 
   most of our motorways are 2 lanes , and generally the more lanes the lower the maximum speed . 
  2-lanes mostly 130 , 4 lanes usually 100 , sometimes 120 , or only 120 between 19:00 -07:00 . 
   now , if you 'd please concentrate on your immediate area of expertise , the sea . 
  sorry , the sea is [ in submission ] ( https://ikzaljemissennederland.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/oosterscheldekering.jpg ) , it 's a done battle . 
  but [ we could lend you some of our weapons ] ( http://www.infopuntveiligheid.nl/afbeeldingen/media/vitale%20sectoren/r19-oosterscheldekering.jpg ) . 
  or if you [ prefer a gate ] ( https://beeldbank.rws.nl/photos/2918/437783.jpg ) . 
  that is what is being voted on . 
  ukrainian eu-aspirations are clear , this treaty is the foundation of that , and this referendum quite possibly the one and only chance to vote either for or against it . 
  something i wish we had done with the eastern expansion as well . 
  does this treaty guarantee eu membership ? 
  does it have nothing to do with eu membership ? 
  it does have something to do with eu membership , namely the possible future accession of ukraine . 
  these winding mountain roads are a lot of fun though . 
   roads with 80km/h even at that speed you 'll be from albania in bosnia/croatia in under an hour though . 
   building a motorway from our tax base - same as building a space center for netherlands . . you may not have double laned motorways , we do have a space centre . 
   the european space research and technology centre ( estec ) is the european space agency 's main technology development and test centre for spacecraft and space technology . 
  it is situated in noordwijk , south holland , in the western netherlands , although several kilometers off the village but immediately linked to the most northern district of the nearby town katwijk . 
   at estec , about 2500 engineers , technicians and scientists work hands-on with mission design , spacecraft and space technology . 
  estec provides extensive testing facilities to verify the proper operation of spacecraft , such as the large space simulator ( lss ) , acoustic and electromagnetic testing bays , multi-axis vibration tables and the esa propulsion laboratory ( epl ) . 
  prior to launch , almost all of the equipment that esa launches is tested in some degree at estec . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_research_and_technology_centre ) and a space program [ 2 ] ( http://www.spaceoffice.nl/en/the-nso/ ) , even plans to [ settle mars ] ( http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2405162,00.asp ) . 
  we 're not poland , netherlands * can * into space . 
  all drugs are ` de facto legalized ' in the netherlands as long as they 're in user quantities . 
  it 's the production and retail that is the problem . 
  it has to do with international law , we 're not allowed to fully legalize it due to treaties we signed . 
  that and our current minister of justice and security has known people that died of weed . 
  the netherlands is major drugs hub of europe . 
  coming in from central/south america to the caribbean netherlands through the netherlands ( rotterdam ) into europe . 
  there 's almost always a dutch opv/frigate with us coast guard on patrol in middle america in cooperation with us authorities to stop the massive drug trade . 
  they often sieze ships with up to 1500 kilo of cocaine at once . 
  holland is the capital of amsterdam , the netherlands is the north-eastern suburb of holland . 
  roads are in a decent state in montenegro . 
   association agreement with ukraine does not really foresee transfers of funds to ukraine . 
  -----  it is part of the commitments made that the eu and european financial institutions would provide over $ 12 billion in support to ukraine 's macro-financial stabilisation and reform process . 
  * ukraine will benefit from eu financial assistance through existing funding mechanisms and instruments in order to achieve the objectives of the association agreement . 
  * the future priority areas of the eu financial assistance to ukraine will be laid down in relevant indicative programmes reflecting agreed policy priorities between the eu and ukraine . 
  the indicative amounts of assistance will take into account ukraine 's needs , sector capacities and progress with reforms . 
  * eu assistance will be implemented in close cooperation and coordination with other donor countries , donor organisations and international financial institutions ( ifi ) , and in line with international principles of aid effectiveness . 
  through the neighbourhood investment facility ( nif ) , to which ukraine is eligible ifi investments could be leveraged . 
  the nif aims at mobilising additional funding to cover the investment needs of ukraine for infrastructures in sectors such as transport , energy , the environment and social issues ( e.g. 
  construction of schools or hospitals ) . 
  * the agreement lay down that the eu and ukraine will take effective measures to prevent and fight fraud , corruption and any other illegal activities . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://eeas.europa.eu/ukraine/pdf/071215_eu-ukraine_association_agreement.pdf ) -------  why would it , it 's not accession to the eu . 
  it 's the first step and foundation into a possible one . 
   it 's a free trade agreement , if it was a free trade , we would n't have a referendum about it . 
  so no , it 's a mixed treaty , therefor it needs dual ratification and we can hold a referendum on it . 
   will be allowed to enter european markets ( thereby increasing competition and lowering prices for the eu consumers ) . 
  it will not have any measurable effect . 
  we do n't have trade with ukraine to speak of , we wo n't have it either . 
   where does the `` building roads '' and `` propping the government '' bit even come from ? 
  from what 's currently happening in countries like poland and romania . 
  they should take all the blame . 
  and as long as they do n't , there 's no hope for improvement in ukraine . 
  the romans did n't have a u , they had the v instead . 
  because they mean something different . 
  multiculturialism is the opposit of assimilation , assimilating is gradually being absorbed by the main culture , multiculturialism is having different cultures live aside each other . 
  therefor multiculturialism means limited inter-cultural communication , limited interculturial marriage , and identity politics . 
  it 's essentially segregation of minority cultures , which often leads to socio-economic inequality , societal divisions and eventually tensions . 
  ukraine is poor and criminal thanks to ukraine . 
  blaming everybody and their mother for their own misery is often seen behaviour , but not one i want my tax euro 's to be spend on . 
  it 's not about punishing ukraine nor is it about ` helping russia ' . 
  it 's about wether we 're going to spend our tax dollars on fighting corruption , building roads and propping up a government somewhere else , wether we will in time ease migration restrictions and possible one day expand freedom of movement with a very populous , poor state that 's rife with criminality and internal conflict . 
   either dutch politicians completely ignore the referendum , that 's not possible , a proposal must be presented to parliament following the outcome of the referendum assuming that outcome is no and turnout is 30 % + .
