   does the menace of russia try to conquer the baltic countries a real thing ? 
   nah that is n't a real thing . 
  but everybody needs a good bogeyman , and russia plays that role rather well . 
  baden-w\u00fcrttemberg does n't exactly border us . 
  we would have to annex quite something before we get there . 
  even the [ bakker-schut plan ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/16/bakker_schut-plan.png/500px-bakker_schut-plan.png ) did n't come anywhere close . 
  you 're welcome though should we ever move our border to your front porch . 
  we 'll have bitterballen and warsteiner while wearing lederhosen and ice skates ... or was that bavarian ? 
  yes , kolere is the dutch word for cholera . 
  i do n't know for all countries , but it is n't that much different here . 
  the top 2 % of the population owns 33 % of the national wealth , the top 10 % of the population owns 60 % . 
  60 % of the dutch population only owns roughly 1 % of our national wealth which would roughly be 24 billion euro . 
  the richest family in the netherlands ( brenninkmeijer ) owns 22 billion euro . 
  so one family owns about the same as 60 % of the population . 
  in your case it 's only 40 % . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.wrr.nl/publicaties/publicatie/article/hoe-ongelijk-is-nederland-een-verkenning-van-de-ontwikkeling-en-gevolgen-van-economische-ongelijkhe/ ) [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_wealth ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.quotenet.nl/nieuws/quote-500-2014-top-5-rijkste-families-133657 ) the picture you have of europe of equality is the middle class transfering a lot to the lower class , which means our middle class is relatively worse of than their american counter parts ( plus already being poorer than the us ) however our lower class are generally better of . 
  and that 's what many people praise , we are poorer than the us , but we do n't have the poverty the us has . 
  there 's a decent baseline in terms of living standards . 
  and you think this is different here ? 
  it might have been 30 years ago maybe , but we live in the same world you know . 
   when our citizens are living , on average , much worse than many nato nations . 
  how did you come to that ? 
  the us is richer than practically all nato countries , only norway and luxemburg would possibly exceed us levels of wealth , and that 's because the former is swimming in oil and the latter is an average city sized tax haven . 
  your citizens are living better than not just many nato states , but better than practically all nato states . 
  i see you again come up empty handed . 
  have a good one . 
  unless he has a doppelg\u00e4nger , he is . 
   i do n't think schiermonnikoog had ever been annexed by germany . 
   it was owned by a wealthy german family before the war . 
   wiki says the only remaining territories are that mountain ( duivels - / teufels - / wylerberg ) and `` a small forest with lignite seams '' , everything else was returned . 
  i can find a list of what was initiially annexed , not what was exactly given back . 
  the agreement was primarily about tudderen and elten . 
   other than perhaps a military/strategic one . 
  this one probably , the wikipedia article mentioned it was due to having a clear oversight of the surrounding area 's . 
   you explicitly stated that cyprus is european linguistically , because of greek language . 
  republic of cyprus uses 2 languages , greek and turkish , thus turkish is not european linguistically , according to you . 
   republic of cyprus does n't include the republic of northern cyprus , which is indeed turkish . 
  though even combined , the turks would be a minority . 
   is it clear enough now ? 
  absolutely not , perhaps when you 've calmed down and dropped your temper so that your blood flows to the right parts of your brain again you could explain to me what i said . 
  because you 've made a strawman out of my comment , and even after notifying you , you do n't seem to be aware of it . 
  so take a breather , do some meditation whatever gets your head straight , and then explain to me what it is what i said , not what your cognitive dissonance projected i said . 
  i ca n't find where i said that , mind helping me out ? 
  the normandy landings were as much a british effort as they were american . 
  the pacific war was far from a ' 95 % solo ' war as well . 
  but americans generally know very little about ww2 , which makes it rather hilarious to hear the patriots play revisionists , having recieved most of what little knowledge they 've on ww2 from hollywood , and not actual history . 
  most of it was later returned to germany in exchange for 280 million deutsche mark . 
  however at least [ duivelsberg ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/duivelsberg_ ( gelderland ) ) was kept and schiermonnikoog was confiscated from a german family . 
  at least the largest area 's ( drosambt elten 20km ^ 2 , and tudderen 41km ^ 2 were given back unfortunately . 
  the other regions were mostly very small and primarily to simplify the border . 
  ( better oversight for customs personnel , some roads and rails here and there that were partly in germany ) i do n't know what and how many of that was returned though . 
  euhm ` typhus ' ( - tyfus , it 's like a dutch way to say ` fuck ' ) , ` krijg de kolere ' or ` kolere ' ( get a terrible disease you !, 
  or terrible disease ) some also use cancer ( kanker ) as a curse , but it is a bit frowned upon by many . 
  and then in many different variants ` optyfen ' ( get lost ! ), 
  ( fuck them/it/him / her ) etc. 
  and a bit more civilized way of saying that is ` kut ' ( cunt/vagina ) like ' i lost my phone ! ', 
  it 's a bit like the english ` shit ' . 
  okay one more , ` pleuris ' ( outbreak of a terrible disease/terrible disaster ) , again in many variants ` de pleuris ' ` oppleuren ' ` pleurislijer ' ` dan breekt de pleuris uit ! ', 
  you can drop the charade , you can act ignorant as long as you want , it does n't bring this conversation any step further . 
  we have this lovely thing called bpm which is an additional tax over cars , and then it gets more funny , because you also pay vat ( 21 % ) over the bpm , so tax over tax . 
  bpm alone would probably be around 15-20k on a foxus rs ( it depends on pollution ) and then add 21 % over that , and the 21 % over the actual price of the car . 
  other countries have complained for years about our bpm system , the eu has even ruled it to be illegal . 
  but our government is only strict with international law whenever it hurts the people , not when it hurts the state . 
  and if you then consider we 've the most expensive road taxes in europe ( a focus rs probably costs around 50 euro per month road on road taxes ) and that we 're in the top regarding fuel prices as well , you 'll understand why we have bicycles , and if a car is needed , a very economical one . 
  the new generation generally does n't even want a car anymore , car sharing apps like snappcar or blablacar are a solution for this . 
  and if you drive a lot for work you 'll generally get a lease car . 
   ~ ~ he said that . ~ ~  he said there had been no intention to kill civilians and that he do n't know for any killed . 
  fixed it for you , you 're contradicting yourself . 
   there 's nothing misleading with my comment . 
  your comments are not only misleading , you also suffer from double speak . 
  it 's a rare trait to be able to allow two thoughts that contradict each other to be true for yourself at the same time . 
  if you 're refering to the saying of ` people living in glass houses should n't throw stones ' you 're mistaken , there 's nothing leading misleading about my comments . 
  of course if there was , i challenge you to adress them . 
   but many people moved there from the conflict zone . 
  that 's what i meant , sorry . 
   many if not most fled to russia though , so the people that fled more to the west inside ukraine are probably pro-ukrainian . 
  so you would be talking to a certain demographic . 
   most people are now very anti-russian and this will not change , i do n't think most are , a solid plurality no doubt , but this is nothing new . 
  ukrainians have had identity issues ever since their independence . 
  it did n't start during the conflict recently . 
   and that is when the conflict would be resolved soon , which is highly unlikely . 
  depends on what your definition of ` solved ' means . 
  the donbass may be resolved pretty soon , crimea is and will remain russian . 
   the title is not editorialized correct , it 's misleading , not editorialized . 
   the guy is a representative of russia politics yes , to the uk . 
   and the phrase `` we killed no civilians '' it 's just that you made that phrase up , he did n't say it . 
  your comment is misleading as well . 
  well the word originates from the dutch word of ` poppen ' ( dolls ) . 
  just one p short . 
  that 's outside of the conflict zone . 
  if you ask actual inhabitants of the area where they 're fighting you would be surprised to what they say to you . 
  generally they do n't really care for either ukraine or russia , they just want fighting to stop . 
  it 's the people that are the farthest from the actual conflict that have the loudest voices , and their opinion will change the fastests once the conflict ends . 
  i do n't know about the former ally thing , ukraine has been a bit unbalanced ever since it broke away from the ussr . 
  it 's nationalism basically consists of pushing away from russia . 
  so ukraine hasn ; t exactly been very friendly to russia for quite a while , and these two states have had arguments/fights quite often the past 2 decades . 
  i 'm sure some people will , but some people will too if only we banned exports . 
  ` european and british commonwealth union ' ? 
  bet you that the british will vote to stay in that union . 
  why not ?
