  * it is uncertain wether libya can be stabilized in the short term * the migrants do not come from libya , they just travel through it * it 's questionable wether a stable government would cooperate with italy/europe to deport people ( even questionable wether deporting people back to libya would even be allowed ) luckily it is not the only solution . 
   if other nations question european values ah yes , how dare anyone question your ` european ' values of massive unbriddled immigration from all over the third world . 
   nd a european common border zone . 
  i question the common border zone including italy . 
  the common border zone can only remain a common border zone if the outer borders are actually protected . 
  if it is not it is not a common border zone , but anarchy . 
  if france and austria can protect the border with italy , we may want to rethink who is and is n't part of the common ` border ' zone . 
   maybe it 's not clear that we were condemned by the echr just suspend the echr until it 's altered into a functioning treaty . 
   we had to pay money for that , we were fined , so that you do n't have to do that again . 
   not to mention the fact that the other governmemts ( all center-right merkel , cameron , sarkozy ) were kinda horrified by italy 's deal with gaddafi . 
  times have changed significantly . 
  currently it 's merkel herself that pushed for a similar solution but with turkey . 
   i am not going back to berlusconi 's era , man . 
  if you guys are not going to put a stop to the massive flow of people , then the future of the common border zone is questionable . 
  we both know things can not continue as they do , and if it does not bend , it will break . 
  things must be really serious if they really intend to do this . 
  this will spread panic and fear after all the defects and sabotage in the belgium nuclear reactors , i do n't see them doing this unless they have a valid reason to . 
  til some vocal loony lefties equals everyone . 
   you ca n't sent boats back , of course you can . 
  there 's no invisible wall in the sea that stops boats from going back , is there ? 
   i 'll not accept the concept that italy is always at fault . 
  i do not either . 
  but you should n't be so easily depressed by some commentary . 
  i understand italy is going through a difficult phase socio-economically and politically , but it is as it is . 
  if you want to get something done , you need to take the rope and pull the rest . 
  they 'll assist if you ask them too , not always sufficiently , but we 're not talking about croatia here either . 
  italy is n't completely dependent on others to do something . 
  of course it is , what i 'm saying is that initially nato wanted to include finland , and finland being the japan of the baltic sea . 
  this is the reason finland did n't want to join nato after the fall of the ussr , they did not want to be responsible for the ( initial ) defense of the baltics . 
  which is completely understandable , i 'm not trying to make a valued judgement here . 
   when everyone whines when italy tries to return the people back to libya that never happened and will never happen . 
  there are always people who whine , because there 's always opposition no matter what you do . 
  just suck it up , who laughs last laughs best . 
   get off your moral high horse and allow italy to return the boats and the people !, 
  i want italy to return the boats and people , i 've wanted that ever since the start of the crisis . 
  implying that they shot down mh17 on purpose , as well as not even being able to shoot down the right * civilian * plane . 
  this is worse than the pravda . 
   yet completely ignores the drop in tax income due to the shrinking of british gdp ( which has bee predicted to drop by up to 6 % ) these are brain farts of cringing politicians . 
  there 's nothing conclusive saying this will happen , especially since people do n't even know what happens next . 
  at most this is a ` worst case scenario ' , it is by no means an accurate prediction though . 
   europe is their main trading bloc by far . 
  and will remain so given it 's foolish enough to just pick everybody out of the sea and not take any measures . 
  people can be coerced into cooperation you know , sometimes that 's necessary when there 's no incentive for one party to cooperate without . 
  then you should suspend the european convention of human rights until further notice because it is dysfunctional and a cause of large problems . 
  britain is considering it as well . 
  italy is one of the largest country 's in the eu , one of the largest economy 's , one of the largest army 's , and certainly one of the strongest navy 's . 
  it 's located right in the middle of the area of concern and has historic and present day ties to northern africa . 
  it 's certainly not too much to ask of italy to be the front runner in this crisis , is it ? 
  if not for italy , who do you think would have to take the lead ? 
  germany ? 
  they do not have the hard power to pull of anything , the uk does n't have an incentive ( the issues will mostly stay in calais ) and france has problems deeper into africa . 
  spain managed to do it on their own with some eu funding , ca n't really ask them to solve italian issues either . 
  so do tell , who do you want to babysit italy ? 
  i explained it in my reply to / u/nounhud . 
  the article ( 42.7 ) was dumbed down due to a very different defence doctrine between solely eu members and nato members . 
  also turkey did n't like the idea of having a eu-defense union of sorts , as they felt they would be left out by it possibly reducing the importance of nato . 
  but also finland itself which does n't want to be bogged down in the baltics should a conflict ever arise there . 
  they felt they 've the assurance they need , being an eu , schengen and euromember it 's pretty certain it would not be left alone in a conflict , but it does not want to be tied to obligations outside finland . 
   ** this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  ** which is neutrality in the case of finland . 
  they have a point , since electric cars are still pretty useless without a green energy grid . 
  the eu is better of investing in green energy first , and then in electric cars . 
  not putting the chariot in front of the horse . 
   it might well be a net benefit i doubt it , they 're better of increasing military spending . 
   romania used its time well and is currently a much better place to live than russia . 
  euh that 's not true . 
  most area 's of russia , especially of european russia , are in much better shape than romania . 
   but the eu mutual assistance clause requires eu members to aid finland . 
  but not vice versa . 
  so fuck that clause . 
   by those terms europe has never done anything so you 're saying everything done by france and uk is european ? 
   given there is almost never a unanimous consensus . 
  nearly all eu decisions are done by unanimous concensus . 
   every year , about 75 to 85 per cent of the council 's legislative decisions are made without negative votes or abstentions . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/06/11/decisions-made-by-consensus-in-the-council-of-the-european-union-emerge-from-the-coalition-building-behaviour-of-individual-governments/ ), 
   but does the european union have its own standing military no it does n't . 
  there 's some cooperational and organizational frameworks , but militaries is really something for the memberstates individually . 
   ... leaves me kind of confused it appears so . 
  let me dumb it down a bit , you do n't sign an fta if you want to impose barriers , or you sign an fta that does n't include the particular market ( s ) . 
  signing an fta and then not being able to impose barriers does not mean a country can not impose barriers . 
  if african countries suffer from food dumping from europe , they should make sure food dumping is stopped . 
  correct ( at least for the industries the treaty covers ) , so not sure how you found this to be relevant to the particular statement you quoted . 
   that can control the centralised military . 
  you must 've lost your mind . 
  eurocrats ca n't even manage a currency - or borderzone , handing them over the military would be insane . 
   much of europe richer , there are only 2 countries richer than the us , and their combined population of 10 million is not ` much of europe ' . 
  one are the saudi 's on the north sea , the other are dwarfes firmly dug in the alpes with stolen gold and taxes . 
   there is no way you are winning against a battle hardened and experienced russian force . 
  i do n't think that 's in dispute . 
  you can laugh about it , but if you strip the military every year a bit more for 30 years it 's not surprising that only a skelleton army remains . 
  did jersey participate in the libya campaign as well ? 
  i do , because not all of europe agreed and not all participated . 
   our societal understanding of the military is totally and almost uncompromisingly defensive . 
  your societal understandings seems to be more like the defense budget is a subsidy for the arms industry and a source of corruption and mismanagement . 
  generally the german army is no good for anything else than buying some equipment every now and then to keep factories turning . 
  they ran out of precision ammunition to be more precise . 
  there were bombs , but ` dumb ' ones and they did n't want to use those due to the danger of colleteral damage . 
   the us had to provide more . 
  and denmark , and the netherlands . 
   what do you mean by this ?
