  wauw , i can only imagine what went through his mind . 
  was he drunk maybe ? 
  a few glasses of italian wine too much at dinner ? 
   this one should do the trick . 
   so he just gave all the red parts to france without any compensation ? 
  true , though i would n't know what to call it exactly . 
  it 's more of a mess , and due for an overhaul . 
  ( legalisation ) i believe estimates made in a proposal of d66 were that legalisation would gain 700 million euro in government income . 
  ( 400 million tax income , 300 million decrease in police costs ) . 
  that would 've been an excellent ` austerity ' measure instead of cutting in all budgets , or an excellent way of funneling an additional 700 million to defense considering the current security situation and awful state of our armed forces without raising any taxes or decreasing other spending . 
  boy , you share do n't know a lot about recent history do you ? 
  france , the uk , spain and russia have been in countless wars the past 70 years . 
  korea , egypt , libya , afghanistan , car , mali , iraq , chad , somalia , vietnam , falklands , yugoslavia , ukraine etc. 
  most of the ships were returned . 
  but if italy did n't ratify it , it would n't be enforced would it ? 
  do you have a map showing the exact border lines ? 
  it sounds kinda funny indeed , i bet that minister is fired , and is now so rich he does n't need a new job ? 
  i 'm just kidding . 
  i do n't think you should take border disputes like this too serious , because they 're more often than not completely ridiculous . 
   i do n't understand how ceuta or melilla can be considered disputed territories . 
  because a third state claims them . 
  does n't mean that that claim is justified or has any merit . 
  google maps [ says ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/mont+blanc,+11013,+frankrijk/@45.8275295,6.8709849,14.75z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4789459fb534be51:0xa908728c5dcec4c0 ) it 's french . 
   and all the brouhaha surrounding the now-disputed territorial waters in the tyrrhenian ; can you expand on that ? 
  what do you mean with ` brouhaha ' and what exactly is disputed in the tyrrh . 
  sea ? 
  monte bianco sounds italian to me . 
   mont blanc peak is disputed between france and italy , it sounds french to me . 
  alright then , the [ wadden sea ] ( https://beeldbank.rws.nl/photos/2368/355265.jpg ) comes to mind , or the [ biesbosch ] ( https://beeldbank.rws.nl/photos/2646/396928.jpg ) or the [ veluwe ] ( http://www.viaquidam.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/5x7b7304.jpg ) . 
  and perhaps the most beautiful part of the netherlands , [ mount ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/107490047.jpg ) scenery , pretty [ ironic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/saba1807-hawks-mount_scenery.jpg ) given the [ name ] ( https://gunendbarn.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/barbuda-saba-073.jpg ) . 
  that 's about all nature we have . 
  no , mh17 is a separate question . 
  and much of the attention for mh17 is focussed on our own governments and the us/ukraine . 
  somehow people said they had all sorts of evidence , thus far no evidence has ever been actually presented . 
  then again the hague can be a black hole , photo 's , recordings , reciets , all sorts of things are known to vanish of the face of the north sea when deemed uncomfortable . 
   russia intervened because they saw ukraine wanted to align towards the eu . 
  i understand russia is n't very happy about this but that 's no excuse to invade a country . 
  the people wanted closer eu ties and that 's why they revolted in the first place . 
  the ensuing civil war should 've been a ukrainian issue and would probably have been much less bloody without russia 's involvement . 
   they intervened because it was by an accident that crimea ended up within ukraine . 
  ( it was a gift to the ukrainian ssr during the ussr , during which such a thing did n't matter a whole lot ) after the collapse of the ussr the russians did n't worry about crimea , crimea was autonomous under ukraine , russians had their naval base , and ukraine was a fairly friendly state . 
  this of course changed during the overthrow of the president . 
  everybody could 've seen it coming that the russians would nick crimea back , because it 's strategically too important , and its citizens are by and large russian and supportive of it . 
  now the war in the donbass is a different question . 
  an eu wide ( multinational ) corporate tax scheme . 
  but ireland has an opt-out of that . 
  so there probably is no remedy , besides , tax evasion is only half the story , if we 're going to make things fair we should be looking at other policies as well . 
  ( deliberate wage stagnation etc. ), 
  yes !, 
  rule north sea alliance , north sea alliance rules the waves !, 
  no , trade agreements are ratified only by the ep . 
  the only thing national governments do is give a negotiation mandate to the commission through the council . 
  based on trade being an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  it 's a bit confusing wether it 's only about territories or also about maritime borders . 
  the chart mentions the maritime border dispute in the caspian sea and the wedge of canada/us , so i assume it 's both , in that case it 's incomplete as it does n't mention the german-dutch dispute over the dollard bay . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/dutch-german_border_dispute.svg/2000px-dutch-german_border_dispute.svg.png ), 
  correct , but someone said both slovak and czech are considered separate languages . 
  maybe it 's more like luxembourgish and german ? 
  flemish is not a language , dutch is a language spoken in both netherlands and flanders . 
  ( in europe ), 
   it is a feature of our shared currency that when things go sour , they go really sour . 
  our economies ' are vastly different and require different monetary approaches so during economical downturns , when one nation prohibits others from adjusting their monetary course , they 'll have a really hard time climbing out of the hole they 're in . 
   the feature is that once things whent sour , it will be like that perpetual until we get a fiscal/transfer/federal union . 
  eurozone economies are growing only further apart , and just as they were before the eurozone , economies are out of sync as well . 
  we 're not leaving this state of affairs , we 're just switching places in a while . 
   also , stop using the term ` crisis ' . 
  it 's a permanent state for the foreseeable future . 
  so is the eurocrisis , but we still call that a crisis . 
  veto what exactly ? 
  merkel has no solutions . 
  we currently hold the presidency , and one of the primary goals of that presidency was tackling the migration crisis . 
  also the dutch are more alligned with the other states , for the time being we 've found our own solution ( disincentivizing migration ) which made sure no german situations took off here , so people generally have more trust in the dutch government negotiating here than the german one . 
  as well as not being able to push anything down others ' throat like germans do , people know our proposals will need wide support to be implemented and that we do n't have the weight nor desire to bully others . 
  compromise politics has been a firm principle in dutch politics for a while , known as the [ polder model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder_model ) , which is also the only way to get through this , seek concensus between opposing parties . 
   where are all the other leaders ? 
  they 're ignored , there 's only ein reich , euhm , ein schl\u00f6sung . 
  regardless you currently see a solution from the other leaders unfolding ; closing the borders . 
  probably less , you ca n't hold a conversation between dutch and german without knowing each others language , some people implied that 's possible between czech and slovak . 
  why did you guys split from serbia anyway ? 
  if only you paid what you drained , that would be great . 
   how do you explain the period between 2000 and 2007 then ? 
  you ca n't without ankering it to an international index . 
   the downfall had more to do with the crisis , and less with the euro specifically . 
  the continuation of the crisis was caused by the euro , ca n't have * more * to do with it actually . 
   countries without the euro suffered as well , check croatia for example . 
  neighbouring countries are not immune to what happens inside the eurozone , especially developing economies and more specifically deficit economies are hit hardest by international instability , even more so when international means everybody around you . 
  then try belgium or germany as backup plan . 
  corruption , different mentality , instability , immigration , poverty etc. 
  the eu should 've never been this large and should 've only included members of somewhat equal levels of development , the weu would 've been a better idea . 
  this would 've made the project mutually beneficial as well . 
  germany is becoming richer because they are becoming poorer . 
  the eurozone has become a zero-sum game . 
  luckily the ` referendum law ' is in a trial phase , it 's new and they wanted to see how it will work . 
  there were some other issues , like you need to gather 300.000 signatures in the second phase , but all these signatures need to be presented on paper to the government . 
  which was pretty ridiculous and too much work for most people , but they solved that by making a website you could give you all your credentials and digitally sign it and then they would physically mail it for you . 
  while it 's pretty easy , because every dutch citizen has a ` digi-d ' digital id for government matters . 
  the government can just set up a system where you can sign a petition with your digi-d . 
  but there are more issues now , because municipalities are cutting back on locations where you can vote . 
  they cite low turnout estimates , but what they 're really trying to do is lower turnout by having people travel 10km for a voting boot . 
  who did n't have a war in 70 years ?
