   ` the lower house on tuesday in a vote rejected a motion that would remove as soon as possible to make the trade agreement with ukraine . 
  a motion of almost the entire opposition in which the government was asked to withdraw the act of approval for the association agreement between the eu and ukraine , , as soon as possible , '' did not make it . 
  the house of representatives last week 's debate on the no-vote to give the consultative referendum on the association agreement . 
  the sp then filed a motion to get the treaty table . 
  on that proposal the house voted today . 
   a roll call vote was announced which was exactly clear which members voted for and against the motion . 
  there 75 mps voted against the motion and 71 . 
  the government parties vvd and pvda jacques monasch voted as the only member of parliament with the opposition . 
  the government regained the support of the independent mps van vliet and stonemasons . 
   on 6 april the treaty was rejected in a consultative referendum . 
  just over 61 percent of voters saw nothing in the agreement . 
  two months  the government wants to pass over two months to say exactly how it wants to continue with the ` no ' voters . 
  that 's after the british referendum on eu membership on 23 june and the end of the dutch presidency of the eu at the end of that month . 
  the opposition now immediately wanted clarity under the motto : , , no is no . ', 
   the latter slogan , , sounds very vigorously , but offers no solution '' , says minister jeroen dijsselbloem ( finance ) . 
  he points out that it is an international treaty which also requires consultation with brussels . 
   the government also says , , right to want to do the voting ` no ' , and looks for ways to modify or add provisions to the treaty . ', 
  as expected the second referendum regarding the eu will be ignored by some excellent politics . 
  the dutch cabinet chose to violate the law as it prioritizes the treaty above the rule of law , the motion drafted by the opposition ( socialist party mp van bommel ) instead to withdraw from the treaty is dismissed by nearly the entire coalition , only 1 coalition mp broke rank . 
  this is what happens if you do n't shoot turkish jets down when they violate your airspace . 
  either destroy turkish jets , or forget about your sovereign rights . 
  acting united to the outside . 
  he is , that french man is absolutely horrible though . 
   had no idea you had a ` bible belt ' could you tell me approximately whereabouts this would be ? 
  [ there ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bijbelgordel#/media/file:sgpstemmen1.png ), 
  of course there are ways to stop them , even without shooting . 
  all the failures and budget overshoots did n't make it better either . 
  many people prefered a european plane , and not an american . 
  it was also mentioned that corruption led to prior decision to acquire the f-35 , and the formal process was a show . 
  the initial goal was also to purchase 85 of these things , which was very expensive . 
  ( it is now reduced to 37 ) it also does n't seem like it can replace our f-16 's , given that it 's not a figher . 
  as our main airplane of the airforce , it seems pretty ridiculous to only own a bomber aircraft , and have its main task be guarding our airspace . 
  there was controversy , still is . 
  the thing does n't sound to promising to me either , in a few years we will be guarding our airspace with a high tech bomber that we operate in numbers that we ca n't even host more than 4 operating overseas . 
  it seems to me pretty mcuh any plane ( even the f16 's ) would 've been better for our use . 
  but i think a lot of his other plans were less amusing to the americans ( and nato at large ) . 
  the royal netherlands army consists of 3 branches ( or 4 if you include mp ) , the navy ( 25 % of budget ) , the landforces ( 50 % of budget ) and the airforce ( 25 % of budget ) pim fortuyn wanted dissolve both the airforce and the land force , and replace it with a navy fleet arm ( including a fleet carrier ) and naval amphibious brigades . 
  this of course means our commitments towards our allies is next to zero , and our military capacity would be trimmed towards defending our own interests . 
  currently this plan makes more sense than it ever did , our land forces are a joke , our airforce is about to be sliced in half ( from 65 f16 's to 37 f-35 's ) and the navy is pretty much the only branch that has merit . 
  we did n't buy the f-35 of the shelf , the netherlands was a tier 2 partner in the program , which came with an initial investment and industrial orders . 
  the debate on the f-35 was very much alive back then . 
  all the more reason to switch to renewable sources . 
  a naval blockade can send them all back . 
  besides the streams are coming to a halt , people realize now that not only will they be send back from greece , even if they can remain in greece they 're stuck . 
  this is already having an effect , it might be big enough to call of the turkey agreement at the deadline and make sure we do not give all the money nor visa free travel to turkey , while we continue to hold our borders closed . 
  probably , so why stop now . 
  ca n't begin something like that and bail out halfway to hide behind the same laws that you crossed when you thought it was warranted . 
  you 're taking the words out of my mouth , what an excellent idea . 
   we would be better of without any deals then . 
  i agree , with this kind of mentality we should treat turkey as a hostile state . 
  break diplomatic contact , annul trade and investment treaties , throw turkey out of swift and impose restrictions and sanctions , and build a huge wall and place a permament battle fleet in aegean . 
   in international politics the opinion of ordinary people does n't really count . 
  until you rely on mobilisation of said ordinary people . 
   countries , including ireland , i understand that if you do n't have a vessel that can operate in a combat zone , but why would n't there be a european partner that can send an escort of a surface and air warfare combattant . 
  it 's ridiculous , first you bomb a country into oblivion , including it 's leader , and then you claim it 's not possible to enter their waters . 
  what would even stop them , will the libyans pelt rocks from the shores ? 
  enter these waters whenever necessary , and tell the libyans you would be glad to hand over control of their waters the moment they can ( and do ) actually exert control over their waters . 
  it 's an unfortunate set of circumstances brought about by an inlikely though accidental chain of events . 
  13th picture , the one in the middle shows a careful smile !, 
  a common one is that pim fortuyn was murdered by american services due to his goal to pivot the netherlands militarily to a more independent aproach and his staunch opposition to the f-35 . 
  for those that [ do n't know him . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pim_fortuyn ) another spicy one ; witnesses reported seeing 20 men in white suits being dropped of by 2 helicopters after the airplane disaster in the bijlmer . 
  supposedly these were mossad agents , and the 747 was carrying chemical/military sensitive weapons . 
  the real issue here is segregation , non-eu migrants ( including later generations ) tend to not socialize with natives and vice versa . 
  this way people do not learn and adapt . 
  horrible what happened in that polish ghetto . 
  i 've been to the location in warzaw , the old polish ghetto is still marked on the pavements , and there 's still like one wall that remained . 
   but simply to suggest women could freely make different life choices than men if they could . 
  that 's personal freedom . 
  for a woman not to be able to make her own life choices because she must behave and act like the average male is diametrically opposed to everything i stand for . 
   that 's a no-go for feminist speech . 
  and , you know , all the rest you said , i 'm afraid . 
  like men not having wombs and other fascist stuff like that . 
  otoh , i agree 100 % with you ... we 're dinosaurs , i fear . 
  then i 'm glad to be a dinosaur , and welcome you to the club . 
  people/feminists who think like that give me shivers . 
  to be honest , i 've never met anyone in real life who thought like that . 
  i 'm a libertarian , i believe in equal opportunity and personal freedom . 
  there 's no progression beyond equality , that 's where change becomes regression . 
   look , i 'm no feminist , but your views are clearly anti-feminist . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't share them , just that your thinking is nowadays considered backwards and patriarchal . 
  excuse me ? 
  equality and personal freedom is backwards and patriarchal ? 
   e.g. , about children : it is now pushed the idea that children should be raised equally by the father and the mother ( or other , like homosexual , combinations ) . 
  so , no excuses for differences in the labour market there . 
  you mean they 're transplanting a womb , overy 's , breasts , the whole set to males ? 
  now that would be interesting . 
  as long as they do n't , women do have a disadvantage in the labour market compared to men that can not be overcome unless they decide not to have children . 
   i had to read twice your response on horrible sexist conditions , different time , different mentality . 
  you should be careful judging history by modern standards . 
   nd that would only be adequate if portugal was in the place of the netherlands in the infographic . 
  i possibly misunderstood you then , i ca n't open the article ( behind pay-wall )  in fact , i keep hearing that gender equality is so superior in north/luteran/rich / working/honest countries ... and this shatters all that . 
  ( of course , i know that in a single generation there was a complete revolution in the labour market and mentalities here . ), 
  you negate personal freedom of choice and lifestyle . 
  women are pretty equal if they live the same , many choose not to . 
  which is perfectly fine , people should be the captain of their own life . 
  having many women work part-time is therefor not a bad thing . 
  it would only become a bad thing if they wanted that to be different , or if their circumstances in a part-time job are worse for the same part-time job done by a male . 
  dutch women also have the tendency to have more children than portuguese , having children often impairs the women to pursue a longer term carreer or hold a full time job . 
  i would rather not , that would be indecent .
