  all new ideas will be expensive until they mature , and we don ; t need the capacity to back up all our usage in one means . 
  the success or not of storage in the form of potential energy will rely on articificial means as well . 
   well with that logic we can keep waiting for the ideal solution to come or not come around . 
  climate change does n't follow that waiting logic though . 
  not exactly , there are ways of improving the situation with lots of sources . 
  the transition will be phased anyway , what we need is a coherent strategy to work towards . 
  nuclear energy is not part of the goal , so we need to evaluate the phases and if and how it fits in there . 
   permanent geological storage is a solution , that 's like saying storage of co2 emitted by gas plants is a solution . 
  waste is waste , there are ways of storage , but that is n't a solution to waste , it 's just a way of managing waste . 
   energy storage is in its infancy , the type of batteries which could be used as grid storage like flow batteries still live in the lab . 
  you do n't necessarily ( only ) need batteries in the conventional sense of the word . 
  potential energy can also be a means of storage . 
  but yes the idea is in its infancy , although they are constructing battery facilities currently in the netherlands , and it could also be done on a more individual basis . 
  ( equiping each home with a battery for example ) regardless , if you build a nuclear reactor now , it will take years before it 's operational , and then it 's intended to operate for decades . 
  after a few decades we 've no idea what our technologies will allow , but they will have progressed significantly . 
  they are not the greenest , neither do they have the lowest co2 emissions . 
  green is not only about co2 emissions ( in fact some forms of co2 emitting sources are often considered green , like bio-gas ) but also about being renewable/inexhaustible . 
  nuclear energy ( at least the current reactors ) leaves waste , and is n't renewable . 
  because they do n't have much choice . 
  armenia has a military agreement with russia and is on hostile terms with azerbijan and turkey , while occupying a part of azerbijan . 
  the latter are easier to solve than the former though . 
  ( just renounce claims ), 
  and generally has a quite extreme climate . 
   an attack on a city hall and a terrorist calling wilders a hero are no '' petty things '' in my book though . 
  i do n't think you 're aware of it , but you sound hilarious given the whole context . 
  i see her as a leftist . 
  though it 's an arbitrary term anyway . 
   his lawyer claims to be hacked , a digital research can provide insight in that . 
   but of all we know he just leaked it . 
  proof ? 
  he probably will . 
  his laywer was also hacked , documents about his plea were stolen and given to several large media papers before the opening of the court . 
  his lawyer is saying communication with his client is nearly impossible at this point due to not having any confidentiality . 
  it has now also come to light that there have been false/fraudulent cases brought against him , and negligence on the part of the da . 
  that 's incorrect , only some forms of nuclear power are a green source , and most of the current ones are n't . 
  you may want that , your/our leaders do n't . 
  i should correct myself , the ` you ' in my initial reply was intended as a third person , not aimed at you . 
   why is everybody fine with this situation ? 
  if you do n't want to close the borders and revise the asylum/immigration system you 'll need a lousy alternative to achieve the same short term result . 
  that 's were turkey and the agreement come in . 
  i would 've prefered different means as well , but if it has the same outcome it 's better than nothing . 
   a bigger concern is something like fukushima ** where u lose all cooling . 
  ** that 's kind a what happened to tsjernobyl as well due to human error , during a panicky response they destroyed the equipment , control rods broke , reactor went far beyond designed capacity and a steam explosion blew of the roof . 
  naturally we learned from past mistakes , and technology/knowledge has made leaps , so things improved and thus got safer , still a nuclear disaster can absolutely happen in europe . 
  except it is n't . 
  nuclear energy is a very rigid way of producing energy . 
  what we need is conventional sources that are easily throttled to follow net load , the more efficient we do that the larger share we can produce with actual green sources ( water , wind , solar ), 
  it 's not a very good idea all in all until we find a way to do something with the nuclear waste . 
  ( or a way that does n't produce this kind of waste ) all in all i think it 's more interesting to not look at energy production ( that 's not really the problem ) but energy storage . 
  lots of people brainstorm about clean/green production , we can produce all the energy europe needs with only a few decent/large solar parcs in andalusia . 
  that 's all . 
  but then what , you have all your energy during the day , most of it around midday , i suppose people still want lights at night , and a computer , and a telephone charger etc. 
  so find a way to store energy , and we can go 100 % green in mere years . 
  there 's still a very big gas bubble under groningen . 
  ( it 's estimated it 's still filled for a bit over 50 % ) it 's the largest gas bubble in the eu . 
  or just use a far [ away lake . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_karachay ), 
  perhaps , it helps that i would n't want to be one either . 
  kind of a chicken-egg story is n't it . 
  you would probably need more though , not even directly complicit , but the odds are the land lord , neighbours , friends/family are going to know something is fishy . 
   putting someone on death row is even more expensive . 
  i doubt it , perhaps if you 'd do it us style with all the bureaucracy , but even then decades of prison will likely cost much more . 
  i would opt to just put a noose around his neck , small fall to avoid breaking his neck and making the ordeal as long as possible . 
  i was hoping he would be tried in neurenberg . 
   it 's not hard to remain hidden if you stay inside . 
  it means he had a lot of help though . 
   abdeslam caught alive according to media  too bad he 's alive , now he 's off to hotel justitia . 
   it 's literally called transatlantic trade and investment partnership . 
  it 's still incorrect to call it a mere fta . 
   yes , because removing this differences makes trade easier ( or one might says it `` frees '' trade ) . 
  though i admire your creativity , that 's not what the ` free ' stands for nor what ` free ' means . 
  free trade means you can trade without tariffs on the same terms as foreign competitors . 
  while regulatory and legislative convergence makes trade easier , it does n't make trade free . 
  ttip is much more than an fta , hence being against it is not equal to being against free trade . 
   while the eu is technically on par with the us . 
  technically yes , practically not even close . 
   but it will likely be much more advantageous for the eu . 
  i do n't think so . 
  3 million refugees were only in turkey to move on to europe . 
  currently there are only about 250.000 refugees in turkish camps . 
   how does mr. wallerstein explain this ? 
  obama probably knows that when he meddles in british affairs , the brits will vote the opposit of what he 's preaching . 
  bringing freedom around the globe ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  that 's not a nato budget though , those are just individual defense budgets of all nato members . 
  that budget is each their own choice , we rather spend our tax money on other things like healthcare , education , social security etc. 
  and the us rather spends it on guns . 
  i think if you want to reduce military spending you need not worry about europe . 
  it 's not a free trade deal though . 
  there 's practically already free trade . 
  the deal is about regulatory and legislative convergence , simplifying cross atlantic business by removing regulatory barriers and limiting sovereignty . 
   it goes the other way around too . 
   i do n't think so . 
  what burden exactly ? 
  i mean nato is a mutual defense treaty regarding the regions of europe and north america . 
  most of us military commitment spending wise has nothing to do with nato , nor do we have an obligation towards that . 
  the pacific for example . 
  ( japan , south korea etc. ), 
  us military presence in europe is often overrated , most bases were closed since the fall of the ussr , and there 's no real us army present in europe anymore . 
  most of the remaining bases are located in germany , and their primarily role is logistics and combat support ( communication , sattelite battlefield oberservation , command relay etc. ), 
  to and from the middle east .
