  the biggest danger russia poses to us is their support to venezuela , which has proven to be ready to go to war in the caribbean netherlands . 
  nope , no blond hair and blue eyes here . 
  the ukrainian airforce used civilian airliners as a cover . 
  they would shadow them over eastern ukraine to avoid getting shot at . 
  i suppose you 're being sarcastic ? 
   have this come to race like what ? 
  you in an mclaren f1 and me in an audi rs8 or something ? 
  after 50 years of this i can hardly speak of ` the first hindrance ' . 
  i take my losses whenever that is required . 
  sometimes that 's just the better way . 
  relocate them to kurdish area 's , sounds like a win-win . 
  you get the drift , never put all your eggs in one basket . 
   what does visa free travel has to do with the government exactly ? 
  the fact balkan countries tend to be easy with deportations . 
   it 's the people , citizens of turkey that 'll benifit from this not the government . 
  and it 's the people , citizens of western europe that will suffer from it . 
   but we citizens need to pass from a living hell for simple trip to eu . 
  there 's good reason for that . 
  we would be opening up a new illegal migration route if we led turks travel visa free . 
  with turks already as the second largest ethnic group here , i 'm not looking forward for that . 
  especially since , and sorry if that sounds insulting but it is as it is , turks not being the easiest of groups . 
  could also explain some , we 're home to the second largest internet hub in the world . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_internet_exchange_points_by_size ) ( ams-ix ), 
  that 's the thing , they hold no significant power over us . 
  russia is economically only around 70 % larger than us which is mostly domestic as when it comes to international trade the netherlands has a larger combined import/export balance , the netherlands is one of the biggest trading partners and investors of russia in the world ( bigger than china ) , we 're not militarily threatened by them in any way . 
  the netherlands also has the largest proven gas reserves in the eu . 
  if anything , the netherlands has more soft power over russia than vice versa . 
  in any case the russians hold no desire to occupy or annex us , neither would they able to unless the world would suddenly turn upside down . 
  they are no big danger to western civilization . 
  islam is a much bigger danger to us . 
   mh17 did n't either . 
  yes i do , mh17 was terrible , but i do not believe it was done on purpose . 
  the circumstances were irresponsible from both sides ( ukraine not shutting the airspace , using civilian airlines as cover for their fighters , and russia for supplying serious sam systems possibly even incomplete to a ragtag gang ) even our own government who was informed heavy sam systems were used prior to mh17 capable of reaching civilian airliners acted irresponsible by taking no action . 
  but it is a war , terrible things happen in a war . 
  by the way just like pretty much every person in the netherlands , i 've known people indirectly who were killed in mh17 . 
  and as a frequent airtraveler it got me pretty frightened as well . 
  but i sincerely hope they learned from it , and will think twice next time . 
  4/20 does n't exist , a year only has 12 months . 
  yesterday was 20-4 ( 2016 ), 
  the reason was already given , their poor track record of learning the language . 
  i would take middle and south america over turkey any day . 
  same with sea . 
  balkan is a non-issue , their governments are better , they only have a few million people and are probably going to join the eu anyway . 
  the malaysian passport does store that , obviously they meet the requirements . 
  many of these cyberattacks are related to the mh17 research from the part of russia . 
  as for china , economic espionage is not new . 
  we have some companies they find interesting , and if you have such companies , you 're a target of all large countries . 
  being neutral is generally the most profitable policy for a small country . 
  that way you can butter your bread on both sides, 
  or just in a different position . 
  we 're not enemies of russia , for a time we even considered them friends . 
  sure the diplomatic spat during the dutch-russia 400 year friendship celebrations did n't do well , mh17 did n't either . 
  but we 're not sworn enemies , they pose no danger to us , and we 've been trading with them for centuries . 
  they 're actually not a bad country if you do n't border them , or when they have no power over you . 
  of course , given there are multiple options post-british there is n't much sensible to predict economically . 
  most likely outcome ( eea member , possibly in switserland set-up ) will have no measurable economic effect . 
  you may not have as much influence in economic policy , and short term uncertainty during/shortly after brexit may lead to some careful investor climate , but i doubt it changes much . 
  the only way i could see this being useful politically/strategically is to put the pipeline around turkey . 
  economically it could still make sense to diversify even if it goes through turkey , ( specifically for eastern europe ) , but that comes at a cost as well and the turks are no better than the russians , for us even worse . 
   just sad that we no longer have a coast : / you 're really missing something , their coast is astonishingly beautiful . 
  it 's a miracle european tourism never got of there , the north americans did though . 
  just like macedonia , it could easily be classed as one of the most beautiful countries in europe . 
  in that regard i still have macedonia on number 1 . 
   i would say that most people today have a more favourable view of montenegro over serbia . 
  maybe in the balkans , i do n't think there 's really a negative attitude towards serbia anymore . 
  at least not where i live . 
  i mean people still think it 's a poor corrupt country with loads of criminality ( though all of this has significantly improved over the years - ) but they would say that about pretty much all countries in that region . 
   most montenegrins do n't have anything against the serbs themselves and we get along very well . 
  time for anschluss 2.0 then ? 
  so i 'm not a european ? 
  nobody gave you the authority to speak on everybody 's behalf . 
  indonesia was part of the netherlands then though , different story . 
  besides , indonesians are very well integrated , they 're generally considered to be dutch . 
  define ` we ' . 
  but yea , when some groups decide to slaughter each other all over the place , * then * it is reasonable to provide shelter for innocent people caught up between them . 
  this is also temporary though , after the war is over they 'll have to go back and find a way to live together . 
  evolution has worked like that for millions of years . 
  we 're not a dumpplace where the whole world can discard of their surplus populations . 
  we can help , but let it be help so that they can help themselves . 
  they better not flee to europe then , where just 5 months ago 130 people were slaughtered in paris and recently 30 in brussels . 
  as far as drought , that 's their own doing . 
  most of the time it 's caused by irresponsible management , in other cases there are solutions ( desalination etc. ), 
  netherlands is not a turkish colony , but with 0,5 million turks in the netherlands they have a significant colony in the netherlands . 
  after the dutch , the turks are the largest ethnic group in the netherlands . 
  and you are ? 
  enlighten us about the war in egypt if you can come further than some ragtag gang in the sinai desert , and in sudan , ethiopia , and somalia . 
  dutch turks are the largest supporters of erdogan in the world , they 've little to worry about . 
   at least the momentum seems to be going in the right direction . 
  we still need a minister to pick up on it though . 
  legalizing production would reduce criminality , improve public health ( due to regulation ) , increase tax revenue , increase ( legal ) employment etc. 
  there 's no reason to not do it , except some international treaties . 
  but fuck these , 90 % of the world is a century behind , no need to wait for them to pick up . 
  ( though having said that , regarding soft drug policy we 're hardly a frontrunner anymore ), 
  they may not have wanted that , but sometimes you ca n't always have it your way . 
  fertility rates of these groups drop as well over generations . 
  but this is no doubt considered within current projections . 
  the specific matter of their death may have been noted on the reciepts of his predecessor . 
  we 'll never know , the reciepts disappeared , their whereabouts may be somewhere close to the srebrenica tapes , never to be found . 
  everything is technically illegal , 3-5 plants is generally allowed . 
  if you rent the houselord will generally prohibit it in the contract though .
