  try rolling them through [ water ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/oude-hollandse-waterlinie.png ) , hope they float . 
  your relevance internationally is more important than a friendly state with a historic relation to you which is economically quite significant to you ? 
  i think italy is the biggest loser of what happened to libya besides the libyans themselves . 
  that does n't sound surprising with an organisation that was bombing your cities 2 decades ago . 
  you as in you and your compatriots , your country , your state . 
  i understand you were n't in charge berlusconi . 
  i doubt it . 
  you could have refused usage of foreign military bases in italy . 
  indeed it would be , luckily the modern wehrmacht , euhm bundeswehr , would n't make it past the customs guards . 
  could still be in army reserve ? 
  if true i gues any invasion by turkey would be an astounding success . 
  oh i believe that , once you get use to all the things given to you and it 's not new anymore you take it for granted . 
  i do n't think so , i think europe would be over common currencies for a while and not want to try to such a devastating process again . 
  i hope for you that you do n't live in london then . 
  i always had metal clearomizers , so not sure were the plastic comes from . 
  i did hear of a study that burned a clearomizer far beyond temperatures it would ever reach in normal conditions and concluded ` it 's bad , it 's worse , c'est terrible !, 
  the swiss think about islam the same as most of the rest of europe , the difference is that they have something to say in policy . 
  the french have a larger and more diverse arsenal , they 're considered to be the third global nuclear power after russia and the us . 
  and unlike the uk , they produce/design the weapons domestically and have sole ownership and sovereignty over the equipment . 
  the french still have tactical nuclear weapons , like jet launched nuclear cruise missiles ( asmp ) . 
  or you just have them removed and not used in europe at all . 
  judging by recent history a crisis could be close . 
  it 's been 8 years since the start of the financial crisis , there was 11 years between the start of the financial crisis and the start of the crisis before that one ( internet bubble ) , that crisis started 10 years after the crisis before that one started ( black monday exchange crash ) , which on its turn started 7 years after the crisis before that one ( '80s crisis following exchange rate instabilities ) which started 9 years after the crisis before that ( 1971 , fall of the gold standard ) . 
  so the average time between a crisis the past decades is somewhere around a decade , and we 're almost a decade past the start of the financial crisis . 
  but yes credit suisse is right , the eurozone is hanging by a thread , any significant crisis could tear it apart in no-time . 
  in fact , even during the eurocrisis some eurozone countries ( netherlands , germany ) have discussed the option of leaving the eurozone , and prepared for it in case - . 
  for a man who has guards dressed up like medieval knights [ 1 ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/the-world/files/2015/01/461431826.jpg ) and who lives in a palace with 1150 rooms [ 2 ] ( http://i.sozcu.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/aksaray670.jpg ) this is not a silly speech for populist appeal , this is his ` reality ' . 
  i would n't , one is perpetual , the other allows us to return to our own currencies . 
  it would be better on the long term . 
  jea except it 's exactly like that , the original members are the only ones who ever done something for the others and the european project at large and were the ones giving instead of taking . 
  of course now things are changing because one sided solidarity and altruism is intolerable , eastern europe should have never been a member of the eu in any form . 
  the map is a bit off , the chauci tribes were more to the east , east from the ems river . 
  also officially they 're called frisii , not frisi . 
  as far as the ones in holland the borders changed , wars with romans , wars with the franks , and wars with holland . 
  at it 's height ( during the 8th century ) most say friesland was at its largest , it was about modern day zeeland , zuid holland , noord holland , friesland and groningen , as well as the border region with germany , and a bit of flanders . 
  yes they should , but considering the mere existence of what we nowadays call ` calais ' , i think french law enforcement occasionally takes long holidays . 
  and well , anarchists come to a lawless vacuum like flies come to a cows ' bowel movements . 
  * 1 definitively the ` disaster year ' 1672 , considered the end of the golden era . 
  combined invasion by the french and british as well as munster and cologne of the netherlands . 
  although militarily the war was a succes for the netherlands , the netherlands beat the british in the 3th anglo-dutch sea war , and the french ( one of the biggest armies europe had seen in at that time - about 300.000 man ) stalled at utrecht , and the fortress holland was flooded , while their soldiers refused to attack amsterdam . 
  in the end the dutch beat the english fleet , as well as the french fleet , and the french army . 
  and the few germans that got lost just stumbled back halfway during a siege . 
  but the war was hugely expensive . 
  * 2 i would say the belgian revolution in 1830 , the ` united kingdom of the netherlands ' was the opportunity to finally unify the low lands after centuries of division , that failed with the belgian independence . 
  * 3 i gues to name a recent one , i would say the introduction of the euro was the third biggest crisis . 
  it chained us to a decaying corps , and now we have no way to undo the shackles . 
  well the french police complained about british anarchists using the situation to stir up trouble . 
  oh nice , another opportunistic country looking for some monies with a big middle finger behind their back . 
  just what we needed in the eu , come aboard , you 'll have plenty of company . 
  you 're speaking of should n't with something so deeply ingrained in people 's mentality , personality , and their connection to reality . 
  this is not a light bulb you turn on or off . 
  it 's also not something for you to decide what should or should n't , besides , you 've enough to worry about with your own minorities . 
  turkey says it also discovered america and that columbus was secretly turk . 
  anything coming from that country should be taken with a container freighter load of salt . 
  so do we . 
   * shell pernis refinery ( royal dutch shell ) , 416,000 bbl/d ( 66,100 m3/d ) * botlek ( exxonmobil ) rotterdam , 195,000 bbl/d ( 31,000 m3/d ) * bp rotterdam refinery ( bp ) , 400,000 bbl/d ( 64,000 m3/d ) * q8-kpe refinery europoort ( q8-kuwait petroleum company ) , 80,000 bbl/d ( 13,000 m3/d ) * koch hc partnership refinery ( koch industries ) 80,000 bbl/d ( 13,000 m3/d ) [ 21 ] * zeeland refinery ( total/lukoil ) 149,000 bbl/d ( 23,700 m3/d ) [ 22 ], 
  you also have mass consumption of oil . 
  you barely became a net exporter of oil a year or two back , before you 'll be able to supply any sufficient amount of oil to us your tankers will be navigating through dense forests of offshore wind mills with special sunglass goggles to protect your eyes from the glare of solar panel parcs . 
  but the us is not going to produce sufficient shale to satisfy domestic demand * and * european demand . 
  it 's purely symbolical . 
  and most other countries do not posses the capability to use the same techniques , and it would be too expensive to exploit shale wells ( let alone even search for them ) besides there 's no reason , the world is still full of conventional oil for some years to come , that will be cheaper and easier to exploit . 
  and hopefuly by the time conventional oil wells ca n't keep up with global demand , we will have durable sources to replace it , not the same oil mined in a more complicated way . 
  he has a point . 
  nationality in europe does n't mean the same as what it does in the us . 
  in many cases nationality in europe is linked to ` race ' , so you 'll never be ` an italian ' to some even if you eat truck loads of pasta , drink gallons of wine and speak italian better than renzi . 
  this however does n't mean you 're maltreated or anything , people will consider you a foreigner but they do n't beat you or call you names ( normal people at least ) in fact they may even be kinder to you as they treat you like a guest . 
  that said it 's complicated and varies , from country to country , but also from region of country to region . 
  my experience in the netherlands is that if you 're ethnically german you will be considered dutch the moment you speak the language good and live there , if you 're maroccan , well you 'll really have to prove yourself , more so than others . 
  but when you do , people will likely even tell you this literally , ` wow you speak dutch like a native ' for example ( eventhough the person was born here , and perhaps even his parents were ) to some immigrants this is annoying , they feel rejected , and because they 're treated differently they feel like they 're handled as if they were naive , or still children . 
  ( overly kind , making exceptions , explaining things more thorough as if its new for you , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  obviously this reflects on islamic immigrants the most , because they are our biggest non-western recent minority . 
  for this reason many muslims seek belonging to - in religion , start to be more religious than their parents were , start to differentiate between them and the natives ( wear a headscarve , do n't eat porc etc. ), 
  our other sizable minorities ( surinamers and indonesians ) are a bit of a different story , because indonesia and suriname were still part of our country back when they came . 
  if they want they can change that , the austrians wo n't complain . 
  frisi is still there , just a bit smaller than it use to be . 
  i 'm starting to see why they 're constantly equating the european project to peace in europe . 
  one argument and you guys are verbally at each others throat . 
  ca n't you just respect each others positions ? 
   `` volkswagen was advised that in the past '' that u.s. emissions penalties `` were not especially high for a company the size of volkswagen , '' translation from german ; ` we thought funneling some money in the right pockets would fix things , that 's how it usually goes . ', 
  i see war all around europe , and i see peace in the bible belt . 
  the difference is that someone radical in the bible belt may voice his opposition to gay marriage , while the radical mena person will cite the need to throw gays from the highest building according to islam . 
  that 's not a problem , because you can deport them all back to the safe zones . 
  yes , get back to your toys then . 
  you rescue them , put them on a life raft without a steering wheel , and program a heading towards the turkish coast . 
  salvage the ship they came in , and up to the next . 
  rinse and repeat for a while , and the numbers will start to decrease sharply . 
  that 's a thing in the us , shale is n't really ` popular ' in europe and mostly either gets banned or does n't get beyond research drilling due to opposition . 
  we ca n't deport them , can we . 
  besides the most rabid religious people in the bible belt are moderates compared to middle eastern/north african standards . 
   because some other countries would say `` prove it '' and give no fuck . 
  those countries should recieve the same attitude back . 
  actually it 's just common sense and not a fallacy . 
  a liberal democracy today means much more than ` rule by the people ' . 
  it is n't because you 're part of one state . 
   commison : indirectly elected by the european parlament  that 's not all there is to it , now sum up the whole process please , the one with the 28 commissions , 28 memberstates , every memberstate one , president elected in stereo with the council etc. 
   the european council : but ministers where elected by the members of parlament -  so they are representatives of their parlament . 
  -----  they were not democratically elected to decide over other states , they were also democratically elected through the parliament keeping in mind they 're accountable to them , governments are no longer democratic when that accountability is not sufficiently present , parliamentarians are after all the representatives of the people , ministers are n't . 
  -----------  so they are representatives of their parlament . 
  ministers are not representatives of the parliament .
