   i ca n't help but insult dumb people , so how do you do that , you wake up insulting yourself in front of the mirror ? 
  must be pretty frustrating . 
  no , that 's probably the reason why you would n't want to believe it . 
   ... no one * wanted * to believe it . 
  does n't mean nobody believed in the possibility , it means people did n't want to believe in it . 
  we condemn all terrorism , however when terrorism hits belgium it also hits us personally , when it hits turkey it does n't . 
  belgium is part of us , turkey is n't . 
  she does n't support it . 
   germany german chancellor angela merkel has repeatedly opposed full membership of turkey to the eu on german-turkish summits , advocating instead a privileged partnership . 
  [ 157 ] [ 158 ] [ 159 ] [ 160 ] some christian democrats back fuller support for turkey , risking the chancellor becoming more isolated in advocating for a `` privileged partnership '' . 
  [ 161 ] in september 2011 , on the occasion of the visit of the turkish president g\u00fcl , merkel said : `` we do n't want the full membership of turkey . 
  but we do n't want to lose turkey as an important country '' , referring to her idea of a strategic partnership . 
  [ 158 ] in 2006 , chancellor merkel said `` turkey could be in deep , deep trouble when it comes to its aspirations to join the european union '' regarding its refusal to open up its ports to european union member cyprus . 
  [ 162 ] again in 2014 , when erdogan urged merkel to strongly support his country 's bid , there was no sign the chancellor had relinquished her skepticism . 
  she revealed after the two had talked : `` i personally said that we are in a negotiation process that has certain outcome and no fixed time frame . 
  it is no secret and nothing has changed in my view that i am sceptical about full membership for turkey . 
  '' [ 163 ] [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union ), 
  you 'll get shit whatever you do , grow a pair and pull it of . 
  no thanks . 
  we 've enough failed single european institutions . 
  security is too important to neglect like that . 
  it 's actually easier to solve these neighbourhoods than you think . 
  one of the things we did right in the netherlands . 
  so you have molenbeek , demolish that building block , build an elderly home complex , demolish that side and build some student apartments , renovate these buildings and put some families there . 
  there , you 've broken the feedback loop and have a neighbourhood with some nutters , but sane people from different socio-economic and ethnic origin inbetween and everywhere . 
  rinse and repeat , do n't ever allow such a segregation again . 
  are we now all going to post this ? 
  why do n't post an article with several ones in it ? 
  anyway , if we 're going do it , might as well [ show ours ] ( http://static1.ad.nl/static/photo/2016/16/9/4/20160322205130/media_xll_3685864.jpg ) . 
  the [ dom tower ] ( http://www.duic.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/domtoren-robert-oosterbroek-003.jpg ) is with belgium , the rest of the netherlands as well . 
  then lets agree to disagree . 
  except they exactly do reason like that , subconsciously . 
  if the suffering does not relate to them , they will have forgotten about it after dinner . 
   the goal is creating fear , the target of that fear is irrelevant . 
  i disagree , fear works best when people can relate to the suffering . 
   there live about 1,5 million people in a 30km radius around the doel plant for example , we all live relatively close to them . 
  to be able to blow up a nuclear plant requires either massive explosives in amounts which only the military could reasonably assemble , or incredible in detail knowledge and access to the nuclear plant in an sas/korps mariniers style operation . 
  both are extremely unlikely . 
  therefor most an attack on a nuclear powerplant would do is shut it down for a while . 
  true , but an emotional target would be a target where people often come like a bus stop , cinema or airport . 
  this way people think ` damn and i 'm flying in 4 weeks there , could 've been me ' , or ' i was there just 2 months ago , what if it was me ?!, 
  ' , ` really ? 
  i use the bus every day , what if it happens here . ', 
  and it may even influence their life ' i rather not fly for a while , these airports are always targets . ', 
  people do n't come close to a nuclear power plant . 
  and if anything would happen close to one , all the fear would be projected against the existence of nuclear power . 
  blowing up a nuclear powerplant is probably far past their capabilities . 
  i mean they can probably shut it down , but that 's about it . 
  turkey joining the eu would instantly blow up any hopes/visions for a european superstate . 
  that 's something the uk would like , the british establishment wants to leave the eu , but it feels it ca n't because the remaining entity would endanger their own interests . 
  so their ( and so cameron 's ) goal is to undermine the eu , make/keep it unstable and divided . 
  turkish accession will provide just that . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , i 'll reserve my own judgement though . 
  i do n't have much appetite for a common identity with mena cultures . 
  there 's practically zero in these cultures which i would value . 
   what happens if everyone adopts this approach ? 
  just look at the balkans currently . 
  the route is closed . 
  there 's no north korea in the balkans , but i do n't think there 's much point in talking to a fantasist . 
  not really , there are substances of which a liter would be sufficient to kill a million people . 
  200 gram of botulinetoxine is sufficient to kill all human life , of course not through tap water , but direct injection , it however gives an idea that it does n't need to be large . 
  interestingly , in 1995 there was estimated to have been 11.000 liter of this in iraq as weaponized chemical weapons . 
  there are not a lot of sources that have the same quality as theirs , their website is a bit dated in design , but beyond that they 're usually one of the better sources during events like these . 
  they 're up to date , and have good camera crews . 
  i have no further issues with them , sure they 're often biased , but not more so than other established outlets . 
  there are no impartial media outlets , so we 'll have to read several to get a somewhat balanced picture . 
  oh the irony . 
  they 're local immigrants . 
  somehow i do n't think nuclear powerplants make a great target , they 're well secured and very complicated . 
  if you want to make as much casualties as possible , other infrastructure would make for better targets . 
  ( like tap water facilities ), 
  was n't one of the plants sabotaged a while back as well ? 
  because we 'll all have to pay to keep them alive and comfortable locked in a hotel room . 
  i would rather use that money for something worthwile . 
  a rope costs a few dollars , a tree should n't be hard to find . 
  is n't geert bourgeois the flemish pm ? 
  because they have nowhere to put their money , and deposit rates at the ecb are negative . 
  there has been speculated about negative interest rates in the netherlands . 
  yes , it 's lovely country it really amazed me when i visited it . 
  people are nice , things are generally pretty organized and fine . 
  the country has huge corruption issues , but no worse than romania or bulgaria , and given its size i see no harm in an invitation . 
   the multicultural dream is dead , the sooner europe owns up to that fact the better . 
  that 's nice and all , but we 're still sitting here with a multicultural society . 
  please do n't make the same mistakes as we did in you country , you guys still have a choice . 
  could the mod link me to the original story ? 
  unclear what 's happening , train stopped , police helicopter at the scene , ambulances and firefighters , police with dogs reportedly searching in a train vehicle . 
  ` vlaamse radio - en televisieomroeporganisatie ' or in english ; flemish radio - and television broadcast organisation . 
  rough translation ; the pm wanted to emphasize that there is a problem with new comers in our society that do n't share sufficient norms and values with us , and that the vrt thinks that message was more important than blaming vrt for deliberate censorship . 
   orban put up a wire fence that could be lifted with a stick . 
  maybe , the fence helped though , which is what matters . 
  that would make things easier indeed , unfortunately it 's all complete random and there 's no connection . 
   remaining meat is simply only fat and completely white . 
  rutte has to be sam , i mean he 's to merkel what sam is to frodo . 
  you do n't understand what i say ? 
  when a chicken does n't and ca n't move and is given hormones and basic food to make it as fat as quickly as possible , the meat is of horrible quality . 
  when that same chicken does move every day , and is n't running on hormones the whole chicken develops differently , the meat has a different texture and is of better quality . 
  is that more understandible to you , or should i switch to french ? 
  the article is of decent quality , does n't really matter what the source itself is in that case , it ca n't be worse than the guardian . 
  you 're free to criticize the article and the flemish pm , it 's just better to come with something more substantial than one 60 seconds youtube video . 
  the video is just a small fragment though , it does n't show the whole picture .
