  it makes more sense if you consider different opinions come from different groups . 
   you need at least one generation to see more inclusion . 
  experience here is that the distance only grows after one generation , and after two generations , and problems usually really start by the third generation . 
  ( these are mostly the people that now fight in syria , or blow up things in brussels and paris ), 
   yeah you can , there are a huge number of well integrated muslim groups across europe that arrived at different periods of time and for a variety of different reasons . 
  can you provide examples ? 
  i have never heard of that before . 
  only about some 10.000 muslims in poland that have been there for centuries , not sure how that holds up as a comparison though . 
  which is generally related to the climate . 
  but fair point . 
  you 're free to disagree . 
  it is my observation however that this disagreement is primarily rooted in a failure to come to terms with the outcome . 
  as long as you consider that in a democracy there 's no such thing as a ` wrong outcome ' , it should be fine . 
  as far as taking the whole population into account , we do not do that on purpose . 
  because people who do n't want to vote , and/or do n't know what to vote do not add value to the outcome , on the contrary , they would likely resort to the loudest or most popular side . 
  belgium for example does do this with mandatory voting , people who do n't vote there are fined . 
  but this we do not consider desirable , and so our democracy always functions based on the people that go out to vote . 
  many people never vote , unless you implement mandatory voting that just happens . 
  the problem with mandatory voting is that eventhough the people that would otherwise not vote now vote , they do n't know what to vote , and do n't add anything valuable to the outcome . 
  it does n't matter who does n't vote , it only matters who votes , and what the outcome of that is . 
  a strong majority voted against the treaty , such it shall be . 
  complete and utter bullshite . 
  maybe in ireland , but that does n't surprise me in a country where people still desire to bash each others skull in over religion in 2016 . 
  we 're a bit different though . 
  besides talking about death penalty , it was temporarily suspended in the netherlands from 1945-1952 by our representatives . 
  well after it was banned in 1870 . 
  the people had their own ways to treat the collaborators and nazi 's ( shaving them bald , letting them scrub the street etc. ), 
  the government prefered to put them in front of a firing squad though . 
  actually it does look very representative , those that do n't care did n't vote and mostly did n't have an opinion either . 
  our parliament is also elected by only 60 % of the electorate , that 's considered fine as it 's not a good idea to force people to vote , provincial states are only elected by about 40 % of the population , which is fine as well , and considered representatives of the provinces . 
  because you did n't use aquafresh toothpaste ? 
  what you really should do is have voted no , or you 're a friend of literally hitler . 
  the only one that 's showing their intellectual powers here is you , and they seem to be of kindergarten level . 
  a referendum could only be held after our government ratifies it , so at that stage ttip is n't negotiated anymore , but it 's closed . 
  it 's not your money , so you only have to make sure belgium does n't follow the gidsland with the referendumlaw . 
   better weather , for a moment i thought you were serious . 
   and why is it bad to be surpassed by a country we had to bail out ? 
  because it 's ridiculous we have to pay for the debts of a country that 's supposedly richer than us ? 
  some things are , some things are n't . 
  the higher wages in the nordics probably are n't personal for example , neither are the better employment circumstances . 
   it 's a lot harder to encourage someone who already agreed with the initial decision of the government to go vote in favour of it . 
  they 're not all lazy bums i may hope . 
   it takes the much loved ` sovereignty ' of the no-camp away from governments and transfers it to the companies how so ? 
   ( if isds stays in ) . 
  you realize we already have isds in countless other treaties right ? 
  you guys just contribute less per head . 
  euhm the dutch send apache 's , chinooks , intelligence units , c-130 's , and kdc10 's to assist the french . 
  it was more than just transport . 
  higher wages , better labour market , better government , better housing market etc. 
  one of the first - for being a centerpiece in global tax avoidance . 
  the public image of a statesman is different than from a common man , this should never be punished , only dictatorships resort to that . 
  we 'll see how you prefer it when we close the borders and much more to you . 
  can you still sit in front of your computer , or does you butt hurt too much for that ? 
   just look at localized campaigns like the french in mali . 
  is n't that a bit of a bad example , considering they needed our and other countries ' support ? 
  maybe having a yes-campaign could change something in that regard . 
  is n't that the whole point ? 
  a bit more accountability of politicians , and a bit more listening instead of patronizing . 
   due to the four different countries being involved jea that 's always kind of amazing , i never understood why the uk did n't simplify it 's state over the course of history . 
  add wales to england or something , as well as the channel islands and isle of man , would greatly simplify things . 
  and maybe push for a unified ireland . 
   and the fact we tie a lot of resources up in ni you can always push for unification of ireland . 
   as you have the resource and et to strike out without coalition efforts . 
  i doubt that . 
  it would be about 1/3th of the british armed forces budget wise . 
  that 's a sigar from our own box which we 're supposed to give to the uk for nothing . 
  a referendum would be decent , provided they 're informed that they will not be able to continue their tax practices either way and they will be dealt with accordingly . 
   no one should have one . 
  bit late for that . 
  i 'm not sure , people are fairly pro free-trade being a nation that thrives on trade . 
  the electorate is probably a lot more positive about ttip than the ukraine treaty . 
  i 'd like that as well , a lot would have to be changed though , but who knows where it will go . 
  you call britain a tiny country , but you have over 3 times our population and 6 times our land mass . 
   its not like the neatherlands have n't done it before i mean you did run the worlds spice empire of around 300 years . 
  the world changes , we 're not as powerful as we were . 
  we did n't even manage to get a seat at the g20 despite being the 18th largest economy , and 5th largest trading economy in the world . 
  they prefered saudi arabia . 
   keeping to 2 % spending maintains your seperations of defence from being reliant on other nations for your national security , neglecting that means you increase long term threat to your nation . 
  the problem is even with 2 % we rely on others to defend our interests . 
  as for as national security , we could easily cover that with the current budget , unless the germans change their mind for anschluss attempt 2 . 
  we should get a rebate as well . 
   if you 're so enraged maybe start an initiative to change the laws ? 
  our laws were already changed , it 's only illegal to insult the king . 
  and i 'm not enraged , i just find it pathetic , disgraceful , damaging and dangerous to prosecute people for . 
  we 're surpassed by ireland , a country we had to financially bail out . 
  oh eu , never change . 
  regardless , gdp is not an accurate measure of the richest country , a lot of countries are much better to live than the netherlands . 
  ( sweden , finland , denmark , the uk , germany etc. ), 
  calm down , i support this whole direct involvement of the electorate . 
  it 's probably as you mention , there just is n't much to invest in because everything is more or less in order . 
  we should probably try to get a rebate like the uk . 
  i do n't see how we defended our interests in afghanistan , we did n't have much interest there . 
  for as far as defending our interests , i already mentioned i think our defense budget is insufficient . 
  i just said 2 % is too much , even with 14 billion we could n't defend much abroad . 
  we 're just a small country , something you should n't forget . 
  we 're not the uk or france . 
  we rely on cooperation , and cooperate we do with everybody . 
   the us will maintain its overseas bases because you really think the neatherlands would exercise the political will to remove them ? 
  the us does n't really have a base here anymore , there are just some nuclear weapons on the knlm airbase under the nato nuclear weapons sharing and they maintain an intelligence base next to ours . 
  somewhere somebody fucked up here , we 're by no means the richest country in europe so it seems pretty unfair to present us with the biggest bill .
