  perhaps , but you do n't have a majesty anymore . 
  his [ buddy ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d3/c9/93/d3c993b41da5164c2195b9cb02c66f8c.jpg ) made it look so easy that he thought he could ride a horse as well . 
  [ this ] ( http://upnorth.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/putinhorse.jpg ) is how a real leader rides a horse . 
  maybe he could teach erdogan a thing or two . 
  you could get sued if you use the name of some random ordinary person , you ca n't get sued for this . 
  because the name is popular and public/common knowledge . 
  so far they 've managed to evade the fighting in greece , but who knows what will happen when the greek army gets entangled in battles near the macedonian border . 
  luckily the greek army has so far only been embattled near designated refugee camps , so the ` refugees ' have managed to stay ahead of the fighting . 
  i expect having fewer states would make the usoe simpler to attain , though i do n't expect to see such a state of affairs any time soon . 
  and even then regions often do n't only serve an administrative purpose . 
  even in current unitary states regions often have their own identity , dialect , history etc. 
  the day belgium will split is the day belgium will split , nothing more . 
  belgium is following its natural course which will probably end up in dissolving the state one way or the other in the future when you look back over the past + / - 3 decades . 
  though it 's unlikely the 3 language zones would join their related countries . 
  the flemish are n't overly eager to join the netherlands , which is natural considering the historic rift , which are n't necessarily insurmountable , but being the ` underdog ' is . 
  the netherlands has 17 million citizens , flanders has 7 . 
  any non-unitary state ( with the exception of flanders joining the kingdom in a curacao-state ) will fail just as belgium does , any unitary state will have an unbalanced relation , changing flanders more so than the netherlands , people often do n't find that thought comforting . 
  wallonia is even less interested in joining france , than flanders is interested in joining the netherlands . 
  the german part is probably the only part that would n't mind joining germany , however germany will probably decline due to their historic burden . 
  brussels is the city that keeps belgium together in a straightjacket due to being located in flanders , being a historically flamish city , having a lot of flamish commuters , but being a majority french-speaing city . 
  it will be given to the eu when pentecost and easter fall on the same day . 
  flanders will not give it away to wallonia , as wallonia will not give it away to flanders . 
  tldr ; belgium will probably dissolve in time , it simplifying matters is unlikely and the probable outcome will be several new states that make even less sense . 
  rationally your proposal makes sense , but this is mostly an emotional debate . 
  nothing probably , people always like to overstate and exaggerate things . 
  can be , depends on the context . 
  not in this case though , nobody is going to take this seriously except the sultan himself . 
  summoning an ambassador is not exactly a ` complication ' , nobody cares except the ambassador who has to listen to a frothing-at-the mouth raving lunatic . 
   ... and wants political asylum in cyprus . 
  sure , he has shown himself to be a worthy addition . 
  the name of the country is the netherlands . 
  the netherlands consists of 12 provinces , 3 special munipalities and 3 separate states . 
  holland is the name of two provinces ( north - and south holland ) and a historic name of one of the 7 provinces of the dutch republic . 
  calling the netherlands holland is often considered rude , the other provinces have their own rich history , language/dialect , customs etc. , together we make up the netherlands , not holland . 
  there is only a national team of the netherlands , individual provinces do n't have national teams . 
  so there 's no such thing as a gelderland national team , or overijssel national team , not a groningen national team , not a zeeland national team , not a friesland national team , not an utrecht national team , limburg , no noord-brabant and not holland either . 
  i do n't know much about football nor do i care much about it , but i believe it 's a reference to the netherlands not placing itself for the european ( or was it world ? ), 
  championship . 
  though / u/roxven89 seems a little confused , as there 's no such thing as a ` holland national team ' . 
  holland does n't have a national team , there 's feyenoord and ajax as the most popular clubs of north and south holland but they 're not a national team . 
  austria did n't exist in more or less its form back then , and it was a vassalage as well . 
  it 's not literally impossible , it 's just legally/morally impossible . 
  going by that definition the netherlands would be almost 700 years old . 
   in the history of the low countries , the burgundian netherlands ( french : pays-bas bourguignons , dutch : bourgondische nederlanden , luxembourgish : burgundeschen nidderlanden , walloon : bas payis bourguignons ) were a number of imperial and french fiefs ruled in personal union by the house of valois-burgundy and their habsburg heirs in the period from 1384 to 1482 . 
  the area comprised large parts of present-day belgium and the netherlands , as well as luxembourg and parts of northern france . 
  holland would be even older ;  the name holland first appeared in sources in 866 for the region around haarlem , and by 1064 was being used as the name of the entire county . 
  by this time , the inhabitants of holland were referring to themselves as `` hollanders '' . 
  [ 4 ] holland is derived from the middle dutch term holtland ( `` wooded land '' ) . 
  not necessarily , we also still have trade agreements with other countries ( for example indonesia ) without the eu . 
   interesting to hear that after troops `` withdrawal '' eh ? 
  they only withdrew the additional jets they send . 
  they still have an airforce base there , that had jets stationed there and still do . 
  right now those are probably considered sufficient , there 's only so much an air campaign can do , you eventually run out of targets . 
  in their dreams . 
  i do n't think austria existed 900 years ago . 
   the unity and security of the state is more important than protecting religious rights . 
  i agree , hence when a religion starts to be a threat to either or both maybe we should outlaw it . 
   so to ensure religious freedom , the state has to be secure . 
  and one way is to eredicate anti-state imaams by appointing state imaams . 
  that 's impossible to do in a country with a dozen religions . 
  we ca n't treat one religion different than the other . 
  besides our state has better things to do than spend money on some medieval warrior cult . 
  like education , health , science and infrastructure . 
  religion is a personal thing , if you want to practice it get your stuff together yourself or find another hobby . 
  the graphs are made by a polish patriot . 
   europe needs to use state-appointed imaams . 
  we 've a separation of church and state , if muslims want to sanctify an imagined sky-daddy and honor a long dead barbarian warlord they 'll have to pay for it themselves , and manage it as well . 
  if they ca n't and become a danger to others , these particular mosques should be closed , imams refused visa 's , hate preachers locked away , and ultimately the ideology outlawed if they still ca n't behave themselves . 
  muslims need to clean up their own house , a revolution in muslim faith ca n't come from us . 
  if you could reach the outer wall of the reactor , you 'll need an explosive that goes threw a few dozen inches of concrete/metal , preferably some sort of hollow charge . 
  ( otherwise the amounts needed would be massive ) getting to the outer wall would be difficult , imagine doing that with a wheelbarrow full of military grade explosives . 
  i mean nothing is impossible so to say , but seeing how these guys operate ( pretty amateuristic ) i do n't see them pulling that of . 
  i do n't even see them forming teams large enough to pull it of either , i mean a handful of men wo n't do this . 
  i 'm guesing you 'll need a dozen or two of men on the scene with great planning and even greater execution . 
  because during tsjernobyl the control rods broke , rendering the reactor out of control . 
  you 're right . 
  they import ( ed ) 135 mtoe from france , and 70 from the netherlands . 
  that 's correct , you would be called hitler if that was you 're fathers ' and mothers ' surname . 
  ` what 's that on the screen , a migrant ? 
  not sure , let me increase the power to get a better picture . ', 
  seriously though , i wonder if a thermal camera is n't a better way to detect migrants . 
  the human body does emit quite some heat , especially if you 're with 10 people in a lorry . 
  he 's right , the only thing security measures tend to do is make life harder for the common folk . 
  if you want to do mean things , you 'll find a way to do so . 
  control rods do n't move anymore , they 're static these days . 
  fuel rods are held in place by airpressure , when that falls the fuel rods slide between the control rods . 
  i do n't know how they do it in belgium , but in the netherlands even regular electricity sites are often protected by special forces . 
  ( due to copper theft ), 
   this sounds scary . 
  what 's the worst a couple of scumbags with explosive belts could do if they gained access to a nuclear power plant ? 
  could they actually cause a chernobyl-like disaster ? 
  nothing . 
  either you blow something up for serious , which is logistically impossible for terrorists , or you blow up many things which requires complete access and knowledge in an sas/korps mariniers style operation . 
  both do n't seem feasible . 
  the worst that can happen is that they blow something up causing the reactor to be unable to produce/distribute energy for a while . 
   bombing a nuclear power station in the right place could thoretically cause either an actual meltdown or enough fallout for an entire region to be isolated and decontaminated . 
  theoratically , if you had military grade explosives in truck-load quantities . 
  i do n't think it 's practically possible for terrorists to do any substantial damage to a nuclear reactor ( read ; anything else than forcing it to shut down for a while ) and in the last case , these reactors have been on and off the last years , the belgians are used to importing energy from the netherlands to offset that . 
  ( and we have massive overcapacity ), 
  well to be fair , i rather see poles immigrate here than mena 's .
