  why would you want stability ? 
  to prevent exactly this from happening , well that stability is n't there , so act accordingly or suck it up . 
  they have an expiration date , but i believe they 're still usable by law after it . 
  american coins are supposed to be given to the homeless anyway . 
  i once bought a wallet there , and it did n't even have a place to put coins in . 
  the moment we switch to cashless is the moment banks will be charging negative interest rates . 
  and those bail-ins would probably be funny too . 
  almost , you would be 2 cents short . 
  than impose sanctions on the countries not collaborating . 
  we hear that often , the dutch would n't mind it , but the flemish are n't particularly fond of the idea . 
  the best idea i 've heard so far is splitting up belgium , and letting an independent flanders join the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  ( and be like curacao ) that is the most pragmatic way if we would be faced with such a decision , we would have one passport , one foreign policy , one military , and one head of state , but they would be pretty much independent in their internal policies . 
  then again , that is all up to the belgians . 
  it 's about the exact same size as cataluna , in terms of land . 
  ( 33k and 32k km2 ) less than half the size of andalucia . 
   where i used to live and is that country smaller than estonia and does it have 17 million people ? 
  i do n't like that solution . 
  so we take many people from bulgaria , suffer from overpopulation , * and * compensate them for not having enough citizens ? 
  it sounds completely ridiculous . 
  there should be no compensation , only incentives for people to move ( back ) to bulgaria . 
  but flanders comes with 7 million , not really a solution . 
  we do ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that 's material they build houses from . 
  the area is probably an unfinished neighbourhood left by the soviets . 
  take heed , and please do n't make the same mistakes as we did . 
  you guys in the east still have a choice . 
  government mostly , and the open borders enthusiasts that support them . 
  i did n't expect anything different from the residents , i can hardly blame them . 
  the british accepted a dutch king on the thrown before , maybe they will again . 
  all hail king alexander !, 
  i have n't figured that out yet , i mean if we flood our land border with france there wo n't be much left of sint maarten ( or saint martin , depends which side of the border we 'll flood ), 
  you realize we would claim all of former new holland , and not only new amsterdam right ? 
  we did n't specify who that 7 million would be . 
  i heard portugal is a nice country to spend your retirement , at least the brits seem to think so . 
  i was hoping we would 've reached the canary islands by 2200 , too cold , wet and windy up there in iceland . 
  if there was some way of moving 2 million people without infringing on their rights and freedom and all that ( purely hypothetically ) i would n't mind giving you guys 2 million . 
  but i gues you 'll just have to lure them by being a nice place to live . 
  ( economically only - the rest does n't really matter as we see in the netherlands ), 
  well you ca n't see the mirror of the hms royal charles where you 're . 
  other than that , i 've no idea . 
  there 's wadlopen ( the wadden sea occasionally falls dry , then you can walk from friesland/groningen to the wadden islands ) apart from that we 're an urban jungle , not much to see but one big metropol with a lost field of grass and perfectly symmatrical rows of trees here and there . 
  i 'm not sure why some people insist on creating such neighbourhoods in the first place either , then again rather have them tear their own neighbourhood apart than someone else 's . 
  i think you 're right , the card was also only required in the southern provinces . 
  and it seems to have been abolished . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wietpas ) now you need a copy from the gba ( municipal basic administration personalia ) and an id it seems . 
  but i doubt they wo n't let you in , though seeing art is a better way of spending your time , do n't forget to check on the remnants of the hms royal charles if you 're a brit . 
  these burned out cars are remnants of the race riots there + / - 10 years ago . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://cdn3-europe1.new2.ladmedia.fr/var/europe1/storage/images/europe1/societe/clichy-sous-bois-j-ai-participe-aux-quatre-jours-d-emeutes-en-2005-781988/15649192-1-fre-fr/clichy-sous-bois-j-ai-participe-aux-quatre-jours-d-emeutes-en-2005.gif ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/sites/default/files/styles/nodeimage/public/blogs_2014/03/2014%2b09protest.jpg?itok=rc6ioaej ) [ 3 ] ( https://libcom.org/files/images/history/suburb%20riots.jpg ) the picture itself comes from a [ german article ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/panorama/frankreichs-vorstaedte-bleiben-ghettos-aid-1.2778445 ) about french suburbs still being ghetto 's . 
   it 'd be much easier visiting one of your lovely coffee houses !, 
  hah , you need a card now , only obtainable for dutch citizens . 
  if we ever reclaim so much land that we share a land border with the uk we 'll flood the borders with germany and belgium and become an island too . 
  then our only land border will be with england and france . 
  no welfare , no free decorated house . 
  turkey no good . 
  population projections are wet finger work . 
  we could hit 18 million well before 2035 . 
  it already shows that 18 million is projected to be reached 9 years before previous projections . 
  i gues it all depends on wether the agreement with turkey will work out . 
  if current trends continue we 'll reach 18 million before the 2030s . 
  we 're currently experiencing the largest population growth of the century , in 2016 the population is expected to increase with 110.000 . 
  and kill the last two birds we have ? 
  besides it 's technically not possible , the soil underneath holland is not suitable for the markermeer to be claimed , which is the last area where we can reclaim a decent chunk of land . 
  they 're now making some minor islands in the markermeer , but only to try to restore the ecosystem which we destroyed . 
  2 million additional people in 20 years . 
  i still remember that song from fluitsma & van tijn from my child hood . 
  10 million people would be great , but unfortunately it 's only going up , and not down . 
  so what 's next , onwards to 20 million ? 
  people die all the time on the aegean route , do n't see how a new death could be any more important than the previous or the future ones . 
  stricter regulation and more food awareness . 
  there 's for example a massive difference between mass produced chicken and free-range chicken . 
  throw the first in the pan and you lose half your meat because of the moisture , the remaining meat is simply only fat and completely white . 
  eat the second , and half your meat wo n't vaporize , and there 's lots of mucles and tendons . 
  the texture of the meat is different , taste is far more varied and present . 
  same goes for all meat . 
  for example we also have whey quota 's and subsidies to provide an incentive for farmers to let their cattle roam free on their land . 
  in the us whatever taste is in their chicken will probably not last their chlorine bath . 
  my local supermarket still sells them oven fresh . 
  having worked at a supermarket i can tell all their bread was not a day old , because at the end of the day we threw away all bread that was left over . 
  often they 're still warm when i pick them . 
  the referendum does not concern any trade agreement . 
  it 's about a mixed treaty , called an association agreement . 
  it contains trade arrangements , but the referendum does not apply to trade arrangements . 
  therefor these segments have been applied since january 1st this year . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  yes , could be closer to your home in a few years though . 
  i 've a feeling large parts of western europe will look like that in a decade or two , let alone three . 
  sweden actually has a very high gun rate , higher than france and relatively nearly the same as iraq . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) it 's very easy to get a gun in sweden , and it is n't good at controlling that at all . 
   you do realize that gang wars have been occurring since forever ? 
  gang wars or not , it seems like activities like that would better fit in a warzone . 
   the guy with his head cut off in amsterdam a few weeks ago is actually something like the 17th victim of a particular drug war between rival gangs . 
  i did n't say amsterdam was better , nor is amsterdam relevant in this context . 
  however we do n't find cut of heads up to 4 times a week , while it 's tradition that grenades fly through malmo just that often . 
   it 's not like it 's a warzone considering the local culture of throwing live grenades , i think there are quite some similarities between a warzone and malmo . 
  they 're not too [ bad ] ( http://bc02.rp-online.de/polopoly_fs/view-of-the-clichy-sous-bois-1.2778478.1333999960!httpimage/639384640.jpg_gen/derivatives/d950x950/639384640.jpg ) . 
  quite a lot , they 're relatively a small group , but they 're active . 
  but as a french person you do n't have to look that far , calais has them as well , as does idomeni as we saw a few days ago . 
  it also helps that the majority of the established media are politically left orientated , a remnant of former compartmentalization of european societies . 
  they 're more susceptible to the ideas of these movements .
