  there are satire shows about our royalty as well . 
  important difference is that people respect our king and queen , as they are decent folk , unlike erdogan . 
  the response of our king to the insult from that hamas supporting islamist you linked to / u/teamroze was that ' a television has a knob ' . 
  try and compare that to erdogans response and reflect on it . 
  regardless i think both laws should be removed , it 's a relic from a different time . 
  the minister of justice is working on it currently . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4g2qf4/hans_teeuwen_can_be_prosecuted_for_insulting/d2ea0wf?context=3 ), 
  islam is a religion , not a genetic trait . 
  being against islam can not possibly be racist . 
  germany was a friendly state then though . 
   you can but it 's not a good idea in a free country  it has nothing to do with being or not being a free country , nor with good or bad idea 's . 
  in older states you have older laws , some of these laws lose their relevance or applicability as the world changes and become obsolete . 
  if nobody ever saw a reason to change them , they linger on . 
  i will turn you in at the turkish consulate and erdogan will prosecute you . 
   i ca n't speak bork  i 'm surprised google translate does a moderately well job for this legal speak . 
   article 261 * 1 . 
  any person who willfully someone 's honor or reputation assaults by indictment of a certain fact , with the obvious intention to give it publicity , is as guilty of libel , punishable by imprisonment not exceeding six months or a fine of third category . 
  if this is done through writings or pictures , distributed , publicly displayed or excited , or by writing the contents of which openly is played , the offender , guilty of libel , punishable by imprisonment not exceeding one year or a fine the third category . 
  neither slander nor libel exists to the extent that the perpetrator acted in necessary defense or in good faith could assume that it was true indictment and that the public interest demanded the indictment . 
   this seems contradictory though surely every head of state is inherently a public figure yes , so they 're all held to different standards . 
   so you ca n't punish someone if it 's a public figure like a head of state but the punishment it 's increased if it 's a public figure like a head of state i did not say you can not punish someone for it , but it is held to different standards . 
   and these laws are never used but we 're here having this discussion because this guy is being prosecuted and the other guy in germany i did not say that either . 
  you can have laws you barely use . 
   so anyone can be thrown in jail for insulting anyone else in the netherlands , the jail term just goes up if it 's a foreign leader ? 
   yes , or get a fine . 
  the ` insulting a leader of a friendly state ' is indeed just an increase of the punishment norm . 
   what about the likes of bush or putin , did nobody ever say anything nasty about them in the netherlands generally these kind of laws are different for public figures because insulting them can serve a public purpose . 
  lots of limitations on free speech in the netherlands do in practice not apply to public figures , or are exempt . 
  ( for example parliamentarians when speaking in parliament can say anything they want , even hate speech )  or netanyahu or the king of saudi arabia ? 
  no one ever made a jibe about those guys ? 
  enough . 
  again these are different cases , besides there 's also a big difference between having laws and actually using them . 
  if you want know the exact details , [ this is the legal article ] ( http://maxius.nl/wetboek-van-strafrecht/artikel261 ) , the following articles ( click ` volgende ' ) are complementary . 
  ` the rotterdam lawyer ejder k\u00f6se says comedian hans teeuwen can be sentenced to four months in jail because he turkish president erdogan called a boy whore . 
  erdogan must himself declareagainst teeuwen , or the turkish embassy can do it on his behalf . 
  he can be prosecuted for `` simple insult . 
  this prosecution is possible under article 266 of the penal code . 
  `` simple insults can be punished with a maximum prison sentence of three months and a fine . 
  personally offended anyone who by another person is offended can sue on the basis of that article , k\u00f6se says to yahoo !, 
  news . 
  you have to be personally offended . 
  a declaration of insult from someone other than yourself is not possible . 
  the prison sentence may be increased in accordance with a third if it is aimed at a friendly head of state . 
  as is noted in article 267 . 
  so therefore , the prison sentence can amount to four months . 
  insulting friendly head of state according to k\u00f6se teeuwen can not be prosecuted for the - now controversial - article on insulting a friendly head of state . 
  `` that is only possible if the head of state is within the dutch borders . '', 
  in an interview with rtl nieuws last week teeuwen said erdogan is a `` whore boy , who owes him a blowjob . 
  the reason for this was the persecution of the german cabaret artist jan b\u00f6hmermann . 
  who is being prosecuted in germany for insulting erdogan and all turks by a poem he recited in a television program . 
  according to the lawyer teeuwen can by erdogan - or the turkish embassy on his behalf - be prosecuted because his statements were not made as a contribution to the public debate , but purely to offend . 
  the turkish embassy has so far not made inquiries at the office of k\u00f6se to sue teeuwen . ', 
  oh i misunderstood your reply , i thought terrible refered to their independence , not the cost of their struggle . 
  in which case i agree with you . 
   which i believe both the netherlands and germany are now planning to do  the netherlands is did n't hear about germany , though it 's still a matter of dicussion wether insulting our king is decriminalized as well . 
  the pm ` will be weighing the choice for a while ' , as the king can not represent himself politically . 
   would not be happy being subject to a corrupt sectarian government in baghdad and in ankara . 
  is it terrible though ? 
  self determination is an internationally valued principle , people who really want their own state should get one . 
  opposing it leads to oppression . 
  or just the mexico . 
  what makes you think turkey belongs in a united states of europe ? 
  silencing dutch turks who have a double passport and family/friends in turkey is pretty easy though . 
  ah , the racist card . 
  now you 've really drawn the conversation into the realm of the absurd . 
   meanwhile you have far right parties financed by russia europe seems to be doing just fine itself helping far right in the saddle , do n't need the lizard reptiloid russians for that . 
   a propaganda war waged against the west and the eu , a rather insuccesful one at that , if russia says a , the western world says b. russia has such a large public credibility problem that even if putin would say he just went to the bathroom , people would tell he does n't have bowels or a blather . 
   countless shills payed by the russian government . 
  and the average joe smelling them from miles away . 
  it 's become such a hype , that anybody even remotely critical of prevalent narratives is called a shill these days . 
  i doubt the real ones achieve much . 
   no real danger . 
  well they pose a danger , just not a big one , let alone * the * biggest one , certainly not as big as islam . 
   targeting moderate rebels ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://2static2.fjcdn.com/comments/yours+moderates+_d307d5ce4e6b013a0644029b38c6c557.jpg ), 
  serbia is a better candidate than either of those . 
  nice timing before the june brexit referendum . 
  probably his best shot , eu leaders will want to avoid a stalemate right before the referendum . 
  only those they have n't eaten for breakfast . 
   at the edge of your territorial waters , in the path of commercial shipping . 
  that would be illegal and would n't happen . 
  i see your fuming mostly hot air and little content , you may leave that sort of behaviour if you wish to be taken seriously . 
   and you 'll get deported in instant . 
  it does n't work like that , you wo n't get deported . 
  countries like turkey probably would n't even accept a deportee ( or use it as blackmail ) , and local authorities do not have the manpower to track every illegal overstayer down , since they live and work illegally they remain below the radar . 
  and even if this would be that easy , why not prevent it with a visa regime instead of creating trouble and trying to fix it afterwards . 
   one requirement of visa free travel is you need to buy your a return ticket beforehand even if true , this is no security at all . 
   you can overstay even with a visa . 
  the visa process is there to check wether that 's a possibility , in which case you will not get a visa . 
   apparently in 2015 900.000 visas were issued to turkish citizens why are they not overstaying to illegally migrate then ? 
  because we have a visa regime that aims to prevent that . 
   you invited them and gave citizenship to them yourself they did n't force their way in you ask for foreign workers you get foreign workers and removing the visa regime is asking for illegal immigrants , and we would get illegal immigrants . 
  i say no thank you , we 've enough issues with migration as is . 
  we 've little to gain and more to lose from visa free travel with turkey . 
   you 're not making migrating to europe any easier by giving us visa free travel of course it does , overstaying on visa is the easiest and cheapest way to illegally migrate . 
   but no millions of turks are not trying to migrate to eu . 
  tell that to the millions already here . 
   and you guys are very dependent on maritime trade , which russia could also disrupt simply by being aggressive with their warships in proximity of your territorial waters . 
  we have some excellent attack subs and frigates and still a fairly large airforce ( 65 f16 's , 27 apache 's , nh90 's etc. 
  ) , we 've destroyed more powerful navies in our own waters .
