  and make the referendums eu wide ( when it comes to matters regarding the eu as whole ) . 
  perhaps , but with equal representation comes equal taxation . 
  as long as portugal for example remains a net recipient it should n't have a say in these matters . 
  i like the system of the former dutch republic , where provinces unable to pay their fair share were labelled ` staatse ' regions , and did n't have representation in the confederacy . 
  baseless fear mongering rarely actually works , it failed during the referendum on the european constitution , it failed now as well . 
  people have a variety of reasons why they voted the way they voted , a good amount of them are based on facts . 
  i would rather see it the other way , but it appears as such indeed . 
   i keep hearing that . 
  but i also keep hearing things like :  `` the italian navy is being overwhelmed , and other eu navies do not lend support ''  `` there were an uncounted number of holes in the hungarian border fence within the first 48 hours of its operation ''  `` spanish guards used live ammunition at the fence , but this was insufficient to stem the numbers coming across ''  `` estimates indicate that the eu only had around 10 % of the necessary personnel for implementing their end of bargain with turkey '' . 
   `` the us continues to urge european nato allies to live up to the military budget recommendations of 2.0 % . 
  although this figure is around half of us expenditures , many nato member nations do n't even contribute 1.0 % ' can basically all be answered with ` lack of will and solidarity ' . 
   `` belgium 's 18-vessel navy is shared with the netherlands '' i do n't see what 's wrong with the admiralty benelux [ 1 ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/english/organisation/navy/contents/navy-units/admiralty-benelux ) . 
  yes belgium uses two second hand dutch frigates , yes belgium trains their personnel and maintains their vessels in the netherlands , yes we both swap helictopers and ship crew between our vessels . 
  all the better , our navy has been significantly reduced and theirs never was much to begin with . 
  all the more reason to combine it . 
   `` merkel steadfastly refuses involvement in libya '' `` european leaders steadfastly refuse european involvement in syria '' can again be answered with lack of will and solidarity . 
  the eu has more surface combatant vessels than the us and an equal number of subsurface combattant , including several aircraft carriers , amphibious assault vessels and helicopter carriers . 
  there is n't a lack of equipment , there 's a chronic lack of will , cooperation , solidarity and aptitude among european leaders . 
  brussels is basically a glorified hen-house , there is n't really any politician fit for leadership , and there 's no central leadership for a politician to fill either . 
  we do need higher budgets , but higher budgets will not solve our problems , they 'll just make them more bearable . 
  good for them , i do n't vote based on the russians gaining or losing from my vote . 
   ... excluding further losses . 
   you also do n't compare averages to excesses . 
  nobody ever taught you some basic ways of dealing with statistics ? 
  one would expect this to be a fundamental part of the curriculum in modern education , provided you ever had any . 
  the numbers given by the manufacturer are also debatable . 
   the electric efficiency of a combined cycle power station , if calculated as electric energy produced as a percent of the lower heating value of the fuel consumed , may be ** as high as 58 percent ** when operating new , i.e. 
  unaged , and at continuous output which are ideal conditions . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combined_cycle#efficiency_of_ccgt_plants ), 
   compared to about 60 % for a modern combined cycle plant . 
  the most efficient ones reach up to 55 % , excluding further losses . 
  the ones currently operating start at around 20-25 % for coal plants . 
  you also do n't compare averages to excesses . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  the other losses ( transport , switching , storing , propelling ) offset those that do . 
  the thermal efficiency of a modern diesel for example is past any oil or coal plant we have . 
  you 're basically only shifting the pollution from a city - or country road to a suburban area with a plant . 
  perhaps an improvement for public health , not for climate change . 
  though it 's probably not even an improvement there , as it will come around one way or the other . 
   what about the people that recycle ( for example ) ? 
  it does n't make their lives easier , cheaper or simpler , and yet they do it anyway . 
  i can see you 've never been to the netherlands . 
  recycling is for a large part done after the consumers , and for the part it is n't there 's basically no choice for consumers . 
  so it does actually make life easier , otherwise the municipality will just leave your garbage on your drive way . 
   the policy could have been better written . 
  although i fail to see how removing the option to buy a diesel car is shifting the responsibilities to the consumer ( if anything it 's removing the consumer 's responsibility by only offering them the option of buying evs and shifting it to the government which has to ensure that the energy produced comes from renewable sources ) . 
  because they 're saddled up with a damaged market consisting of worse and more expensive choices with zero effect except making people poorer by making life more expensive and less convenient . 
   you 're telling me there is n't space for a few nuclear plants ( at least to replace the coal , gas and oil plants temporarily while renewables have low efficiency ) ? 
  * there are nuclear power plants ( borssele ) * an efficient grid , for the time being without a buffer , needs more sources than nuclear due to load following and maintenance intervals * nuclear power is not * the * answer , we 're still debating where to put the garbage under our ground for thousands of years and we have no solution as of yet ( only proposals to bury it in a region that 's an intensive earth quake zone due to gas drillings ) * nuclear power plants are currently economically/financially unsustainable due to overcapacity and electricity dumping from neighbours * 60 % of our energy is produced by gas , to replace only that we would need to construct about 12 new borssele 's , there 's indeed no room for that , no money for that , and it 's unsustainable . 
  gas is also the cleanest conventional fuel source , it 's better to look at oil and coal . 
  oil and coal do n't need a new replacement , they 're only running because they 're cheaper , there 's sufficient gas plants top replace them right away . 
  ( one of the worlds ' most efficient gas plants in limburg has never been turned on , it was build just for show ), 
   that 's why there needs to be a shift towards renewable energies , not all countries rely heavily on fossil fuels ( like norway , for example , their energy is mostly from hydropower ) . 
  if you give us 323.000 km2 to live on with 5 people we 'll do the same . 
   and if this proposal shows anything , it 's that there is a push for a more environmentally friendly country ( which will also include many pushes towards renewable energy ) . 
  the only thing it shows is that there is n't a push towards anything , that the institutions fail to put together a cohesive policy and that therefor the responsibility is shifted to consumers . 
  consumers do not better the world , consumers only improve the environment if that makes their life easier , simpler or cheaper . 
  where ? 
  this sub now hates the dutch as much as the british , and nearly as much as the russians . 
  maybe you mean a different sub ? 
  it 's not a nice initiative , it 's just shifting the responsibility of producing cleaner energy from the government to the consumer . 
  driving electric cars is useless and has no effect as long as you produce energy with coal , gas , garbage and oil . 
  there 's more than sufficient resources for that , there 's only insufficient will and solidarity to deploy and effectively exploit them . 
  * people did n't vote to support putin . 
  * mh17 is irrelevant to the agreement you 're just full of shite . 
  really ? 
  just saw two today passing the german-dutch border . 
   rable , rable , rable i do n't share your beef with russia , russia is more important to us than ukraine . 
  however russia is irrevelant here , this is about an agreement between the eu and the most corrupt country in europe , during a time when there 's deficits , austerity and debts everywhere , while our borders have collapsed and the whole third world is running amok through europe . 
  adding more to it is not the answer , in fact i would opt removing some to make it workable , in any case i 'm done paying for everybody and their sister east of germany because they feel priviliged . 
  i do n't owe anybody anything , therefor i will vote the way that i feel is best , and stand by that . 
   this was the case for all the eastern european countries that co-operate with the eu , and it did n't work there either . 
  just look at moldova , the black hole there is even bigger than in the ministry of justice in the hague . 
   it is just questionable how stringent the eu will be in implementing those checks . 
  they probably wo n't be . 
  in fact , 5 countries even wanted to have a forced rule in the agreement saying that ukraine * will * become a member of the eu . 
  which was denied as some countries oppose ukrainian membership . 
  that 's already where it is going wrong , the checks and balances are given away on a silver platter . 
  ` here most corrupt country in europe and possibly the world , we 'll give you money , free trade , visa free travel and membership , now you must become a good state ' . 
  fuck that , it wo n't work , and we should n't put a penny in that country . 
   but which one of the major western players is out there ( does not have to be as big as putin - just big ) . 
  iceland prime minister ? 
  several british politicians ( former and current members of the house of lords ) a french former minister , a spanish former minister , an italian senator , and no doubt more . 
  yes a klap can be a lot of things , from an explosion , to applauding , from a car accident to a bar fight . 
  anyway i thought sweep was the best translation , clap sounds more like ` clapping ' as in applauding , then again punch may be more accurate , either way it should be clear . 
   that can only be bred out by decades long upholding strict legal rules or in an afternoon , with some ropes and a solid willow tree . 
  or so people hope . 
  well yes , i tend to do that periodically , otherwise the bruises become too apparent . 
  though you would be surprised what you can hide under a hijab . 
  i doubt it , probably the danes . 
  it both is and is n't . 
  requiring a certain % ( for example 15 ) to vote for ( in this case ; no ) is apolitical , as opposed to requiring a total turnout of 30 % . 
  dropping the turnout requirement would be a huge improvement . 
  if one wants to avoid a referendum being valid when only 0,1 % of the people vote ( as if ... ) then it 's better to say that a certain % of the population votes x or y , instead of requiring a total turnout as / u/10ebbor10 mentions . 
  this way we avoid politicizing the requirement . 
   the yes-voters however argue that eu interference will reduce the corruption and better the situation for the population of the ukraine . 
  i do n't believe in that . 
  the whole thought that ukraine needs ` us ' to root out corruption speaks book volumes . 
   one of the problems with using a referendum for a question like this , is that people who are basically ok with the status quo do n't bother to show up . 
  so what does the outcome mean in the case when 70 % of 30 % says `` no ' ?
