  and it was not the eu that achieved that , it was brute military force that brought peace to europe . 
   do you want the netherlands and germany to be no more than arkansas and texas ? 
  hell no . 
   he has no leadership skills which is probably why he was chosen . 
  i do n't think the council wants leadership material running the commission . 
  all of them have armament . 
  as if anybody would want a common currency with germany after the euro . 
  they prepared for a return to the guilder , the most you 'll get is a peg . 
  yea no , a flanders/netherlands unification is unlikely , a germany netherlands unification will simply not happen . 
  they have some things in common . 
  ( and it 's not the haircut ), 
  yes and his mother is a dutch-indonesian . 
  some people speculate it 's a root cause in wilders ' distaste for islam because of how dutch-indonesians ( wealthy , influential colonists in indonesia ) were treated during/after the independence of indonesia . 
  yes , incomes in the netherlands are higher than in flanders . 
  general living standard too , pretty much everything is better arranged . 
  because of our mortgage system people do n't pay of their mortgage . 
  monthly mortgage rates are tax deductible , and mortgages use to be redemption free . 
  increase in the value of the house and inflation would reduce your mortgage , that is until the euro came . 
  friesland would do fine . 
  they have tourism , and they have gas and salt . 
  mean household income in the netherlands is not a statistic , average income in the netherlands is higher than in belgium . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) mean household income is determined by the cpb to reference policy , it 's not based on statistics but it 's based on income just above the healthcareinsurancelaw . 
  yes two major governments , but one is the by turkey , qatar and sudan supported muslim brotherhood government who lost the elections and did n't want to be a minority in the new parliament . 
  the other is the parliament supported by the west . 
  by the way you missed hr . 
  the submarine tender . 
  as well as the two hydrographic research vessels zr ms. snellius and luynes [ 2 ] ( http://marineschepen.nl/schepen/snellius.html ), 
   but i would expect at least france , china and denmark to have some kind of a navy before portugal 's foundation . 
  standing armies are a pretty modern idea , for centuries warfare was mostly either calling up the workers of your lands in time of need , or later hiring mercenaries , or both . 
  ` navy 's ' in the historic sense , say pre - 18/19th century , just consisted of admiralties that would call upon merchant vessels ( who were usually armed anyway ) in times of war . 
  just wait until labour replaces that senile marxist and farrage becomes labour party leader . 
  you will wish for ukip to return . 
  there 's no reason for ` uk independence party ' to exist in an * independent * uk ? 
  if the libyan government invites them they do n't need unsc approval . 
   `` what happens if isis or a large organisation get their hands on a long-range ballistic missile and decides to fire it at london ? '' where the hell would they get long range ballistic missiles ? 
  there are only a few countries who have these kind of weapons , russia , china , the us , israel , france and india , i do n't see any of them losing one in syria . 
  they forgot the word ` some ' . 
  there 's no stopping an icbm for example . 
   oh , what does europe gain from this that will improve it francis ? 
   destruction of western secular/liberal culture . 
  mr francis is pulling a ` the enemy of my enemy is my friend ' moment . 
  jea that did n't turn out as it should 've . 
  though it was primarily france as instigator . 
  i understand that , but i do n't see a reason why the government , which has so far been unable to exercise control over the whole country and that 's not likely to change , would refuse a foreign proposal to ` help them in the saddle ' . 
  it 's not like italy wants to occupy the country for decades , they want order and a government that can be worked with , the government likely desires the same outcome . 
  what i 'm refering to is earlier comments of the italian government indicating they want others to assist in setting up the whole ordeal . 
  what they should do , if they want to go through with this , is take the lead and ask for support . 
  they will get support , france did the same , and at least the netherlands offered support at every mission they do ( mali , car etc. ), 
  and there are more countries in western europe that will probably be available for some assistance . 
  that was helpful in mali , i doubt that 's what the italians need in libya though . 
  it would be better if some countries do like the netherlands does in mali , send some real equipment and men , even if small . 
  montenegro wins the beauty contest , whoever designed that tin can at the back should probably have been employed by a contracter to design an apartment complex instead . 
  i 'll believe it when i see it , the italians should be most interested in restoring order in libya , they have the means to do it , and they 've been talking about it , but wether any action will be taken remains to be seen . 
  if they 're going to wait for others to take the lead they can wait a long time . 
  the article is about asylum seekers . 
  you 're not even allowed to test fire without us naval guidance . 
  i would n't even worry about the gps , but about everything including software being american . 
   but the missiles would still work provided we fired before the us knew about it there 's nothing they could do about it pretty much . 
  once airborn the missiles should be autonomous . 
  the italian route is much harder and more dangerous , also has a lot less migrants crossing than greece . 
  make that the cat wise . 
   without the cooperation of the us , says the report of the independent all-party trident commission , the life expectancy of the uk 's nuclear capability could be measured in months . 
   the commission 's high level panel says it agrees that britain 's deterrent is `` a hostage to american goodwill '' . 
   `` if the united states were to withdraw their cooperation completely , the uk nuclear capability would probably have a life expectancy measured in months rather than years '' . 
   not only are britain 's trident missiles in a common pool shared with the us and maintained in kings bay , georgia , its nuclear warheads are designed and maintained at the atomic weapons establishment at aldermaston with the help of us know-how , as recently declassified documents on the uk-us mutual defence agreement confirmed . 
   tuesday 's report noted : `` the uk is dependent on the united states for many component parts of the guidance and re-entry vehicle , and for the trident ballistic missile system itself '' . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/defence-and-security-blog/2014/jul/01/trident-nuclear-weapons-uk )  68 . 
  some witnesses to our inquiry questioned whether the uk 's nuclear deterrent was genuinely independent . 
  witnesses pointed to a range of technical and operational dependencies of the uk 's trident system upon the united states and suggested that such dependencies fundamentally detracted from the uk 's independence at a international political and diplomatic level . 
  the warhead : greenpeace told us that the uk warhead fitted to the trident ii d5 missile is a direct copy of the us w76 warhead ; that the arming , fusing and firing system used by the uk was designed by the us sandia laboratory and was `` almost certainly procured from the usa '' ; that the neutron generator used on uk warheads was manufactured in the usa and was acquired `` off the shelf '' ; and that the re-entry body shell , which contains the warhead , was purchased by the uk from the united states . 
  the missile : dan plesch , of the school of oriental and african studies , told us that the trident ii d5 missile was designed and manufactured entirely in the united states ; that the uk did not own its trident missiles in any meaningful sense , that they were , in effect , leased from the united states and held in a communal pool at the us strategic weapons facility and were not identifiably british ; that servicing of the missiles was conducted exclusively by the united states at king 's bay , georgia ; and that the mark 6 guidance system used on the uk 's trident missiles was designed and made in the united states by charles stark draper laboratories . 
  the platform : dominick jenkins , of greenpeace , told us that although the uk 's vanguard-class ssbn submarines were designed and built in the uk , many aspects of the design `` are copied from us submarines and many components are bought from the usa '' ; that in order to assure the accuracy of the missiles , the exact position of the uk 's submarines had to be precisely determined , that this was achieved by relying on two us-systems , gps and esgn , and that ** the us `` has the ability to deny access to gps at any time , rendering that form of navigation and targeting useless if the uk were to launch without us approval '' ; that targeting software was based upon us designs , that weather and geodetic data , which help ensure the accuracy of the missile , was supplied by the us navy , and that `` all the hardware and software used by the [ fire control ] system is us-produced '' , ** with the hardware manufactured by general dynamics defense systems . 
  [ 59 ] [ 2 ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200506/cmselect/cmdfence/986/98607.htm ), 
  only if the us gives you permission to use it . 
  or did you forget trident is an american weaponsystem ? 
  what asylum seekers ? 
  the 3 that managed to get through the tunnel ? 
  belgium has more asylum seekers than the uk , and the british ca n't find a house for them ? 
  but not in active service , until that time his majesty 's karel doorman is larger than any british navy vessel , take that , fifth dutch-english sea war when ? 
  fuck all that , let 's just call it ` staatse vloot ' again . 
  the finnish navy is a self defense force unlike most nato navies which are used for expeditionary tasks . 
  if you have limited budgets and just need to protect your homeland , more smaller vessels make more sense than fewer large vessels . 
  you guys could have gotten 2 frigates , but 2 frigates are an easy target , and they would have a lot of coast to protect . 
  instead you guys have something like 8 gun boats who together can do the same tasks , however losing 1 or 2 in a conflict has less of an impact and they 're easier to spread capabilities over the coast lines . 
  that few procent is 600 billion per year though . 
  if you reduce it with half you can offer universal healthcare , alleviate poverty , decrease crime , offer free education ( higher social mobility ) etc. 
  there are tons of things that money is better spend on . 
  militarily it also does n't matter , because you spend so much you allow some of your partners to spend < 1 % , if you reduce military spending they may be forced to increase it , and so nato as a whole would n't even see much of a fall in capabilities . 
  and with 300 billion per year you still spend more than france , the uk and russia combined . 
  you should probably take a look at a map , greece does n't border austria . 
  or before they 're bombed by the american military . 
  it 's a war , bad things happen . 
  you 're a gullible fool if you think the us is a hair better than the russians . 
   nato is n't intentionally bombing hospitals neither is russia . 
   ww2 king george v class battleship a shame they do n't build them like that anymore , those kind of vessels really deserve the name of battleship . 
  gorgeous vessels . 
  more like merkel 's jellyfish , soft and squishy he has the spine of a boiled oyster . 
  there 's a referendum on that in + / - 4 weeks ( 6th of april ) if the association agreement would be scuttled i think never is as accurate as one can be . 
  did i offend you or something ? 
  because that was n't the intention .
