population on the adriatic is a lot more distributed because there are plain coasts , while on the side of the tyrrhenian there is a lot of hilly and mountainous terrain . 
  however , you still have a lot of big centres on the tyrrhenian . 
  in some regions of italy there is some strong dislike among neighboring towns/cities , so it 's not too strange . 
  but we 're supposed to be bros. :-(, 
  even though clouds are obscuring both paris and london , lol . 
  the triangle is the po valley , which is where 1/3 of all italians live . 
  no , term length is the same . 
  they are also always elected at the same time because government needs to have a majority in both , so having separate elections would be messy . 
  the reason for the different franchise is that when we adopted our current constitution ( after the end of fascism ) , the constituents wanted to have bicameralism as a better safeguard against dictatorship but they were n't really sure what to do with the second chamber . 
  in the end , they choose that the senate would be 1 ) based on regional vote ; 2 ) voted only by 25 y/o and older people . 
  the rationale for rule n. 2 was that the senate was supposed to be the `` wiser '' chamber , so it has stricter age requirements ( both for voting and for being elected ) . 
  i made a diagram for italy some time ago if you 're interested . 
  it depends what kind of information you want to communicate with a diagram . 
  for example , this diagram represents pretty much the same thing but it looks very different : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:political_system_of_the_european_union.svg the eu and the uk have the same amount of political actors in the legislative and executive branch . 
  the uk has a monarch , a cabinet , a house of lords and a house of commons . 
  the eu has a european council , a commission , a council of ministers and a european parliament . 
  not sure how a diagram would be more complicated than the other . 
  once we dwelve into the specific competences of the single institutions , yes , the eu is much more complicated . 
  but this diagram does n't even touch that . 
  2020 is an interesting year . 
  most elections in eu states will be out of the picture by then ( including european elections ) , so it should be a year where the eu is politically strong and has a strong mandate to make a final deal . 
  interesting proposal !, 
  it sounds like a program that could reasonably be agreed and achieved with some political goodwill . 
  ( as long as the next problem does n't become immigrants stealing jobs . 
  the first solution sounds feasible , although i do realize it may be considered undesirable . 
  the second solution * may * be feasible . 
  like you say , it runs a high risk of being judged as indirect discrimination , however i 've seen mentions of similar measures being already in place in other eu countries , so maybe it has already crossed that river . 
  last solution ( exceptions for denmark ) is pretty much unfeasible . 
  denmark negotiated the exceptions it has now before its accession to treaties . 
  renegotiation of treaties is very daunting task , both politically and legally , and i ca n't imagine other countries being very wild about going along with making exceptions against their citizens . 
  i am not sure what your solution is . 
  this is not a case of the eu acting shortsighted , this is an effect of the consistent application of the principle of non-discrimination as established by the case-law of the ecj , going back decades . 
  making exceptions for that principle is a slippery-slope and for the most part it is n't even a matter of political choice , but of compliance with ecj rulings . 
  as an aside , do you know what i am sceptical about ? 
  good performing students from good universities , graduating in english-speaking courses , having a high chance of staying in denmark ... 
  i mean , students with those characteristics have a high chance of looking for international work opportunities anywhere in the world . 
  anyway , the fact that discrimination against other eu nationals is not allowed in the eu is well established . 
  take from that the conclusions you prefer , but you must be aware of that , you ca n't act surprised . 
  is n't the number of students limited anyway by the capacity of the universities ? 
  anyway , you can still put caps and limits as long as they are not discriminatory against other eu citizens . 
  that 's the direction political discourse should go towards ... 
  so you are relying on another eu country to penalize both its students and workforce ... that will never happen , not even in a federation because that would eliminate the problem from the start . 
  besides , what if students move to the us or canada ? 
  ( also yes , that would be considered discriminatory under eu law . 
  you ca n't penalize someone just because he got a degree in a university from another country , the eu is exactly working in the opposite direction . ), 
  leaving aside the matter of discrimination for a moment , how do you expect to enforce such a policy ? 
  and why would it be popular among danish citizens ? 
  i 'm pretty sure top scoring danish students want to have the ability to find the best jobs , including abroad , like any other student . 
  as a matter of law , it 's the other way round . 
  since the uk has no general statute nor established convention about referendums , each act of parliament that calls for a referendum will explicitly establish what its franchise is . 
   that was considered to have been arbitrary . 
  would you care to tell me the parliamentary sitting or committee when this conclusion was reached ( if you happen to know it ) ? 
   we feel closer to the commonwealth than we do to you . 
  this is one of the reasons why we are leaving the eu . 
  i thought you had a referendum precisely to determine how you feel . 
  you are putting the answer before the question . 
  i am talking , as a law student and someone interested in constitutional matters , about a technical point of the referendum . 
  if you do n't want to engage in this discussion no one is forcing you , but please let 's leave the words `` feel '' and `` you '' out of the argument . 
  parliamentary voting system and constituencies act 2011 , part 1 , c. 2 ( `` entitlement to vote in the referendum '' ) , subsection ( 1 ) ( b ) . 
  this is not true ( see lords for av referendum ) . 
  still , i repeat my point that there was no standard in place because : 1 ) uk legislation deals with specific referendums ; 2 ) the number of national referendums held before brexit was a grand total of two . 
  i could say the same thing about commonwealth citizens . 
  they were effectively asked if they were ok with being treated less favourably than another category of immigrants . 
  that is my point . 
  either you only allow british citizens to vote , or you allow both categories of immigrants to do so , considering they are both privileged in their own ways . 
  also , there is no standard used for national referendums in the uk , considering they are exceedingly rare and each requires their own act of parliament . 
  personally , there are two technical things i did n't like about the brexit referendum . 
  one was that eu citizens were n't allowed to vote , but commonwealth citizens were . 
  it felt like a double standard . 
  i 'm fine if you want to limit the vote to british citizens only . 
  but why should some immigrants be allowed to vote ( i.e. 
  the ones that mostly did n't benefit from eu membership ) and not others ( i.e. 
  the ones that did ) ? 
  the other thing is that most british citizens living in continental europe ( i.e. 
  the people most affected by the result ) were unable to vote . 
  i 'm not saying this would have changed the result , i 'm just saying i think it was a pretty flawed set-up . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i am following you . 
  in my example , monday is before friday , but reading your response i get the impression you considered them the other way round . 
  let 's call them day 1 , 2 and 3 . 
  i make a contract with you on day 1 , selling you x. 
  in this contract we agree that i 'm going to give you x on day 3 . 
  however , on day 2 x is accidentally destroyed ( no one 's fault ) . 
  whose loss is it ? 
  in napoleonic systems , it is your ( the buyer 's ) loss . 
  because transfer of property has already perfected on day 1 . 
  the thing that got destroyed on day 2 was already yours . 
  in germanic systems , as far as i understand , it would normally be my loss . 
  since the transfer of property would only take place on day 3 , when i actually give you x. 
  so on day 2 , x was still mine . 
  the main difference between napoleonic ( such as romania 's ) and germanic systems in this regard is the application of the principle * res perit domino * . 
  which basically can be paraphrased to `` when something is destroyed , it is the owner 's loss '' . 
  so , you have a situation where you buy x from me . 
  we make our contract on monday but i give you the thing on friday . 
  however x is destroyed in an accident on wesdnesday . 
  what happens ? 
  in napoleonic systems , since property was already transfered on monday , it is the buyer 's loss . 
  at most , the seller can be responsible if the destruction of x was somehow his fault . 
  in germanic systems , since property would only have been transfered on friday , the buyer can ask his money back on the grounds that the seller is no longer able to keep his obligation ( to transfer the property of x ) . 
  i 'm not sure about germanic codes , but in napoleonic codes there is something kind of similar to consideration , which is * causa * . 
  * causa * is the economic function of the contract .
