actually yeah , the catholics would say that orthodox are misguided , and same for the others all around ... nowadays they tend to focus on what they have in common but in the end there are disagreements ... 
  well paul said that , so the catholic church says it 's so . 
  you ca n't just decide unilaterally about these kinds of things if it 's not backed up by scriptures . . 
  do n't you worry , we got it . 
  * has taught me, 
  [ o macron !, 
  her father was quite close to a nazi , and he founded the party . 
  people rightly assume that most of the members who were there in the first place are racists/anti-semites and such , though obviously its electoral base has greatly expanded during the last years . 
  this , and a permanent blockade against her in the media , where she is totally isolated , especially by the left . 
  france has a semi-presidential system . 
  the president shares his powers with the government , which is led by the prime minister , who is chosen from the majority party in the parliament . 
  the prime minister nominates the government members , but the president may veto them i think . 
  laws and bills are either issued by the government or the parliament , but given that the government gets to dictate the * ordre du jour * ( the day 's agenda for debates and such ) , they have arguably the upper hand on a daily basis . 
  to this you have to add the fact that due to a reform in the 2000 's the legislative elections now closely follow the presidential elections ; due to the dynamics the president usually have a majority/a government from the same side , which makes governing easier . 
  the president may dissolve the assembl\u00e9e nationale if he wishes so , and call for new elections . 
  the assembl\u00e9e may push a motion of censorship if they succeed in getting it voted in , in which case the government ( i.e. 
  the prime minister and the ministers whom he has nominated ) has to resign , and the president may or may not accept the resignation . 
  this is * not * an impeachment ; the president 's role has been specifically designed so that he ca n't be reached . 
  very unlikely . 
  on their right macron is more popular . 
  on their left m\u00e9lenchon is more charismatic and appreciated . 
  the only thing they 've left is their core voters ... all three of them . 
  so here we are with the main contenders . 
  the primaries are mostly over , the only serious doubt is whether fran\u00e7ois bayrou , a centrist who got 9.5 % at the last presidential election , will be a candidate . 
  otherwise , from ( political ) left to right : m\u00e9lenchon , hamon , macron , fillon , le pen will be the names we 'll hear in the next few weeks . 
  anything goes from there , as this is one of the most uncertain ( and exciting ! ), 
  elections we 've ever had . 
  lol dude , if you wan na include fluent people it 's more like 8-10 %, 
  they 're not serious , but burgundy is indeed the name of the color . 
  it 's way too soon to say . 
  however as a frenchman : this info came from the `` canard '' , which is well known for its vast network of informants , from which it grows its best scoops , so the info is at the same time legit and serious ... 
  not saying that nor the contrary ; but this proves that the political system is n't as locked by a few powerful figures as we used to think . 
  sorry i do n't know much about jojo save for the memes and polnareff : /, 
  and you ca n't listen to michel polnareff either for the same reason ? 
  oh , sure , but even in this case we have fillon , le pen , hamon ( ? ), 
  macron for the debates when we could have had sarkozy , hollande , le pen just a year ago . 
  i think we 're doing quite well . 
  the media has been rooting for him , honestly i do n't know . 
  i think that if hamon gets the nomination macron will be in a very comfortable spot in the middle , where he could get 2nd turn against fillon . 
  it 's excellent news : we are having a very open election this year , with unexpected candidates despite what it looked like initially . 
  let 's be honest , the situations in which fukushima happened would never happened in france . 
  to me it is actually justified to promote nuclear energy here when in japan it 's much more complicated to defend . 
  i see where you 're coming for , but a le pen victory would n't be an absolute surprise , not anymore . 
  there would be trouble but it would n't come from nowhere . 
  to me fillon 's rise is a much bigger upset . 
  she 's been ahead in the polls for years , so not exactly an underdog ... 
  just have a look at this : https://sondages2017.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/graphique-sondages-primaire-2016-lr.png?w=700 in april 2015 sarkozy was at 70 % , jupp\u00e9 20 % , fillon was n't there . 
  in may 2016 the matchup was definitely jupp\u00e9-sarkozy , both of whom were close to 35 % . 
  fillon was at 18 % . 
  in the end fillon crushed them both after making an impression during the primaries ' debates and got 44 % , nearly 20 % more than jupp\u00e9 . 
  after the first upset of fillon beating jupp\u00e9 / sarkozy on the right , it looks like another underdog will represent the parti socialiste for the next election ... 
  full results : beno\u00eet hamon 35,8 % manuel valls 31,3 % arnaud montebourg 17,8 % vincent peillon 6,77 % fran\u00e7ois de rugy 3,77 % sylvia pinel 2 % jean-luc benhamias 1 %, 
  the constitutional treaty ... 
  well that 's a shit map . 
  i 'm living in the area that 's supposedly the worse in france for rape and i can tell you that there 's nothing there . 
  the r\u00e9gion centre is too uninteresting for rapes to happen en masse that 's for sure we got sick castles tho, 
  because news in english will mostly be from the uk , which means that they 'll be focused on the uk . 
  oh , sure , i mean i was just speaking about fillon personally . 
  and that 's pure speculation from my side . 
  i do agree that we have to get out of this dead-end with russia , considering that eu and us interests regarding her are quite different . 
  we have more to gain with a healthy russia than the us do . 
  too bad that it 's not headed this way tho, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  you 're being unfair . 
  imagine a great power , broken in a few months , then occupied , partitioned , led by a once legend ( p\u00e9tain ) now reduced to a puppet in the hands of the nazis . 
  add to that the fact that a part of the population collaborated with the occupying forces in a genocide . 
  the spiritual and moral situation of france at the liberation was just terrible . 
  it was necessary for de gaulle to embellish the truth rather than to insist on the darker sides . 
  when a war comes to an end you call for people to come together , you do n't try to bring them apart no more . 
  just look after any election , here it was the same , but way worse . . 
  russia is seen in a more positive light among french catholics because they tend to be more conservative , the same way fillon is . 
  no gay marriage , no gender thingie , emphasis on traditional values , etc. 
  it does n't matter that russians are n't very religious as long as putin is seen abroad as a friend of conservative values and a support of the russian orthodox church . 
  french politics have always been more positive regarding our relations we russia than , say , the u.s. or australia ( and i think it 's healthy ) . 
  he 's not exactly pro-russia but not a rabid russophobe , that 's for sure . 
  he 's pushing for more cooperation on international subjects and i think he 's personally more favorable to russia due to the fact that he 's religious . 
  she has a good 70 % chance to reach 2nd turn ( the remaining 30 % would be the left uniting behind emmanuel macron , who is surprisingly high in the polls these days , in which case she 'd be 3rd behind fillon/macron ) . 
  from there , she has to win the 2nd turn . 
  here her chances are much slimmer , around 15 % ? 
  i think ? 
  there would have to be some major scandal around her opponent ( something akin to the servers thing in the u.s. for example ) for her to pull an upset . 
  as of right now , the answer is `` very unlikely '' . 
  she could get good results at the legislatives though , but that will depend on the ability of the front national to organize itself for a major election that does n't imply only one candidate . 
  why do n't you call the belgians or the luxembourgish arrogant then ? 
  how is it `` arrogant '' to ask for the parliament to work in strasbourg ? 
  i feel like your stereotypes are at play there . 
  you would n't call the germans defending german interests arrogant . 
  [ this is kinda supposed to be my job , so i hope i did okay ] ( https://imgur.com/a/attoe ), 
  his wife speaks slovenian at least . 
  maybe italian as well , who knows ? 
  what 's the movie ? 
  excellent news . 
  that 's not making it an issue , there is nothing contentious with saying that . . 
  he did n't make it an issue , his opponents did . 
  that 's just not true . 
  stop hating on him just because he 's not an atheist . . 
  most : remarkable history and culture , and still a very active cultural and scientific scene nowadays . 
  great achievements brought and being brought to the world by french citizens . 
  founder of the eu and unarguably its most important member alongside germany . 
  least : a general tendency to self-deprecation / very high pessimism that is now deeply ingrained in french culture .
