  i love it here . 
   for one , you guys have the highest or second-highest per-capita income/purchasing power/whatnot in all of germany rednecks does n't mean poor , at least not in my definition . 
  norways `` redneck region '' would be j\u00e6ren , and j\u00e6ren has several of the places with the highest average income . 
  often rednecks lack the education for office-type jobs but has the willpower to do the hardest jobs and therefore earn tons of cash . 
  like working at an oil rig 12 hours a day in 3 week intervals making easily 160 000 + euros annual . 
  but i do n't think norway has the type of rednecks there is in texas . 
  here the `` rednecks '' are usually less educated extremely hard working people , often passionate about their field of work , either they are building houses , farming , driving trucks or working on an oil rig . 
  so the social-democratic nordic countries and the old communist countries actually has/had the best approach to religious education ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  how interesting ... 
  same here , it seems like a scandinavian thing judging from this comment section . 
  edit : and czech apparantly . 
  how weird . 
  we have religion class , but not at all in the same way you 're describing it . 
  we learn about all religions/spiritualities etc in class taught by teachers who are obliged to explain it from a neutral perspective . 
  it 's obligatory and a recurring class from 1 . grade until the equivalant of high school-ish . 
  ( 13 . grade ) . 
  the same class also includes ethics . 
  it 's currently called krle which is short and norwegian for christianity , religion , spirituality and ethics . 
  but it has been changed ** alot ** between krle/krl and rle . 
  every time the christian party manages to get a foot inside the government coalition it changes to krle or krl and when they leave it 's back to rle . 
  this class is not special for public schools in norway , it is obligatory for all schools within norway to follow the governments demands for classes to be taught . 
  christian private schools just find a way to force god into other aspects of education aswell . 
  and non-christian private schools are still obliged to teach about christianity . 
  ( christianity as an example , same goes for every other religion ) . 
  what you seem to be describing is also a thing in norway , but it is not through school . 
  it is through the local church and only for those who want to be confirmated ( not sure if this is the correct english word , but like a seremony for christian youth ) . 
  they attend the type of class you 're describing either at church or in volunteer christian peoples homes and not during school time , usually in the evening . 
  but although norway is considered a pretty `` atheist '' nation we still call ourselves `` cultural christians '' so most norwegians attend this as a tradition and gets confirmated as a tradition , including myself . 
  i never knew this was a thing in other countries , we have n't had it like you described it in atleast 40 years and i thought since we were the last country outside the middle east to separate church/religion and state ( 2012 ) that all other countries had this taken care of way before us . 
  only writing/spelling systems yes . 
  they are not based on any dialect so you ca n't really speak either without sounding weird . 
  but eastern norwegian is pretty close to bokm\u00e5l though . 
  actually when we read out loud we often translate it to our own dialect because speaking with the written language is so weird . 
  and why wo n't advetisers advetise where it is nudity ? 
  they do n't want to be linked with stuff deemed taboo in your culture by the people so again it goes to show that it 's basically a reflection of the american peoples tolerance towards nudity . 
  eastern norwegian all sound alike though , atleast to me ( vestlending ) . 
  i think nowadays you have to find older people to hear what the real dialect of that place actually is . 
  i know a guy from hamar for example who speaks original hamar dialect and is about 50 years . 
  his daughter , born and raised in hamar speaks `` oslo '' . 
  this has nothing to do with standard dialect though . 
  this is just natural development of dialects , it has actually been speculated that dialects will fade away completely in the future and maybe even languages . 
  and how is it pronounced ? 
  do n't go to sweden . 
   a mix between he old posh speak in oslo and the oslo dialect have emerged , and become ** one of the most common ways to speak . 
  ** in oslo , not norway . 
  most people speak it because most people live there . 
  worth mentioning . 
  we do n't have a standard dialect , unlike most european countries . 
  which is because we unlike most of europe have n't had a strong upper-class or nobility . 
  our nobility was denmark until 1814 and then they gave us to sweden . . 
  in 1905 we got our own king who spoke very bad norwegian because we imported him from denmark * ( danes are born with a speaking disability ) * so we have n't had the time to form a snobby upper-class standard around a nobility or elite . 
  we also have two official versions of norwegian , bokm\u00e5l which is close to danish and nynorsk which is based on norwegian . 
  both i guess could be considered standard writing language . 
  but we do n't speak like that . 
  bokm\u00e5l is pretty close to how they speak on the east though . 
  nynorsk is a mix of all dialects . 
   all other channels can show whatever they want , whenever they want . 
  any lack of nudity is a choice of the network or show producer , not a regulation . 
  it seems greatly restricted by what the american people deem as tolerable to have on tv though . 
  no i do n't think it 's true in norways case . 
  nudity have never been taboo on tv here and violence as in action movies etc is shown at appropriate times , like in the evening after kids go to sleeep . 
  the most graphic violence i have seen on norwegian tv was the hanging of saddam hussain , other than that most movies etc are from hollywood so it 's not really up to us how graphic it should be or how much nudity it should have . 
  but it is noticeably less nudity in anything american-made without a doubt . 
  but usa is pretty conservative though so it makes sense . 
  soft tortilla i think its called , either way . 
  if it 's not spanish i guess it 's one of my favorite non-european dishes . 
  yes i think norway is great . 
  no i do n't think we need to be more proud . 
  kebab if it counts , if not fried rice or taco ? 
  if taco is mexican . 
  minimum three times a week , luckily i live in norway where the finest fish in most restaurants in the world are exported from so it 's relatively cheap here . 
  i pay 25 nok which is 2,6 euro for 200gr . 
  that 's the same price as a water bottle in norway and i get it fresh . 
  so we are pretty lucky . 
  usually i have it in the oven with whatever spices i can find around the apartement . 
  it also goes as snack when its smoked or on bread . 
  i do n't eat sushi myself but most people i know eat it as sushi too . 
  i have no idea if it is dryer than other countries salmon , usually when im vacationing they have imported norwegian salmon in most restaurants so i have never really had the option to eat other types . 
  it 's atlantic salmon and we actually can fish it straight out of most rivers where i live . 
  i havent gotten one myself , as salmon , atleast in norway have to be over a certain weight before you can brag about getting a salmon . 
   same applies to europeans though . 
  i mean , yeah , norwegians can place sweden on a map , but can you guys place gambia on a map ? 
  i ca n't speak for the majority of europe , but i know the majority of my friends could place gambia on a map , yes . 
   i agree that we should have more emphasis on globak history here , but i do n't think europeans are that different . 
  how much do norwegians know about tajikistan ? 
  it 's not another nations history im talking about , the global history . 
  like major happenings between the agricultural revolution until now . 
  whenever the french revolution is brought for example and there is an american around they just go `` yeee but we had the american revolution which is greater '' which just goes to show how little knowledge they have about both and how much pride destroys their chance at getting to know something thats not their `` domestic '' history . 
   tbf , every country has right-wingers . 
  and there are liberals do consider them mentally ill or a hate group . 
  the absurdity of your rightwingers baffles me though , here in norway our right would be placed at your center . 
  that goes for most of europe actually . 
  we have a multiparty system so we do have the small parties that are on the verge of extremism , but they are considered fanatics and treated like that . 
  not rooted for in the republican camp . 
  but i guess this is what happens when you have a two-party ( almost dictatorship btw ) system that forces the extremes to merge with the normal and pushes the overall party more to the right . 
  when there are such obvious faults with the political system in usa and still people insist they have the best democracy is another example of how the `` we are # 1 '' - mentality annoys me and most other people from actual democratic countries . 
   its used to represent southern culture . 
  i 've read it 's considered racist and it ca n't even be placed on public buildings because of this ? 
   can you name one diverse country where it is n't relevant ? 
  ( maybe brazil is an exception to some degree ) is n't relevant in the same way it is in usa * most other counries .
