   ( also , try to tailor your insults for your audience : `` snowflake '' and `` socialist '' might work against americans , but it feels a bit hollow against a frenchman ) you calling this groupthinking behavior a flaw makes me think you might not be that pro-socialism and therefore - if you want to be special , an individual , then * socialist * countries are n't for you is what i meant . 
  but i agree that if a norwegian actually seeked individuality and saw it as a positive thing then the stuff you mentioned definitely are flaws * to him * . 
   norway : the conformism . 
  everyone hikes , everyone goes camping , everyone skis . 
  at christmas you have to eat this dish and do this thing . 
  at easter you have to go skiing in your hytta which will invariably be located in one of a few places . 
  everybody wears the same clothes , have the same limited set of opinions . 
  the national day is a north koreanesque festival of uniformity . 
  if you want to be a special little snowflake , then * socialist * norway might not the place to be for you . 
  i see those things as very positive things , as does the rest of norway . 
  it 's kind of the essence of our culture to take part in those activities ...  the indirectness/passive aggressiveness of people this might be our social culture you 're not getting , we do n't speak with strangers . 
  small talk is taboo and when we open up to someone they are * really * good friends , not someone you 've known for just three years . 
  to a french guy those might be flaws in our culture , but if you were native you would cherish them . 
  and that 's why alcohol is so expensive in norway . 
  i use the current e39 daily and it 's shit . 
  sole reason for only having visited bergen once ( live in stavanger ) is that it 's a pain in the ass with all the fjords . 
  really looking forward to this , it 's long overdue but thank god it 's finally here . 
  and yeah , that underwater tube-bridge thing looks awesome , imagine if they build windows in the * havarilomme * . 
   just hope i 'm not dead by the time they 're finished with all of it , want to drive the it myself / s they have already started and they are expected to be finished by 2025/26 , so hang in there . 
  probably, 
  also noteworthy , both italy and germany have history with extreme nationalism which in retrospect seems to have replaced regional affiliation with a sence of national affiliation . 
  sk\u00e5nsk and danish . 
  danish could be an accent of scandinavian , or a drunk norwegians accent . 
  i bet most people confuse iran with iraq . 
  basketball would be cool , we have so many tall people i bet we could pull together a nice team . 
  no , it 's vital for our soverignty . 
  article 5 = nato . 
  [ rogfast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd9ojkir54s ) which is a ferryfree highway between the western part of norways biggest cities and will shorten the drive from kristiansand to trondheim by 10 hours . 
  estimated costs are around 2 billion dollars . 
  i 've read it 's the biggest project of any kind , ever in norway . 
  it includes some record breaking tunnels and ground-breaking engineering . 
  they even have [ sex educational tv-shows for children . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gn4waqlejm8 ), 
  we were n't a colony of sweden or denmark . 
  we were in a personal union with denmark , then the [ kalmarunion ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalmarunionen ) , after that an union with denmark and from 1814-1905 a personal union with sweden . 
  heavily biased towards democracy-brainwashing . 
  i think that goes for all western countries though . 
  helgefyll - weekend drunk . 
  you 're either sober or blackout-drunk ... not like other european countries where they actually can have a glass of wine on any other day than friday or saturday . 
  i envy that . 
  i have the exact opposite impression , mainly thanks [ to this sweet russian . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwatwnvkopo ), 
  i could n't find any on a quick google maps search , so i guess not . 
  well if they could n't be trusted they would n't be elected into any council ? 
  so yeah , i trust them . 
  especially in my rural part of norway that 's easy to say . 
  most people know eachother and several of the guys in the city council are friends of me and i regularly meet the mayor in the grocery store even and just chat about how things are going along with any given politcial project . 
  as for the regional council , i have no idea who they are , but i trust my fellow citizens , and again if they are elected they clearly are people that can be trusted . 
   bonus : how difficult would it be for you to get elected / appointed into the city / regional council ? 
  very easy , i 've been asked to run for municipality council at least twice that i can remember . 
  you have to be part of a political party and run for council . 
  to win you just have to be a dedicated , outgoing person that knows alot of people . 
  social skill is more important than actual political skill , in my experience . 
  that 's why local politicians are people most people know . 
  somewhere relatively cold and beautiful , like norway . 
  probably wyoming or montana . 
  i 'm 175 , which is very short in norway . 
  the average according to wiki seems to be 180 which does n't sound correct . 
  i 've read that we are the tallest on average and most of the men i 've met i would say are between 185 and 200 . 
  im usually a head shorter so that seems like a correct assumption . 
  20-30 , in trade school it 's around 10 . 
  maybe relay could be counted as a team sport . 
  if so , then cross country relay would be the most popular . 
  if not , i agree that handball is . 
  tomato soup, 
  he has a black belt in taekwondo , he even challenged both connor mcgregor and mayweathet to a fight not too long ago . 
  same goes for norway, 
  the normal stuff that happens when you ca n't pay your bills , debt collection etc. 
  no , everyone that applies get 's it , granted they are students of course . 
  if they live close to the uni they usually just live at their parents and eventually buy an apartement . 
  if not , like me , we rent apartements/houses . 
  most rent through studentsamskipnaden which is like an organisation funded by the state that takes care of all university accommodation . 
  renting private is also pretty normal . 
  i for example rent a house with some buddies , we call it `` bokollektiv '' in norwegian , no idea what that is in english . 
  we get about 12 000 euros a year , where 60 % is loan and the rest is scholarship . 
  worst : chinese best : germans, 
  the nordics has among the most guns per capita in europe . 
  in norway we are pretty chill on weapons , either guns or knives . 
  so if vermont too is pretty chill about it then i guess they resemble us even more . 
  race has nothing to do with culture , to me atleast . 
  a norwegian to me is a guy who is left leaning/socialist and progressive ( and a bunch of other things ofc ) , which i have the impression the northeastern states are , and california to some degree . 
  i 'm not american , but from my numerous trips to usa and through the media that 's my impression . 
  and i thought michigan , minnesota and wisconsin were traditionally republican ? 
  the part of the `` rust-belt '' that voted for trump ? 
  if so , then they are at the other side of the spectrum of any scandinavian country . 
  and when i say northeastern i 'm thinking northeast of new york , not including either new york nor new jersey . 
  just out of curiosity , since you do n't have a flair ^ hinthint are you american ? 
  about 200 were danish , out of a total of 900 ca ? 
  i would n't call that a norwegian victory , to me anything accomplished by the union , during the union was thanks to the union . 
  not the part that contributes the most . 
  certainly circlejerkable , but denmark was involved ... and not something most norwegians know about either . 
  every single norwegian knows about stiklestad and hafrsfjord though . 
  weather-wise , yeah . 
  but culturally/politically we would probably resemble either the northeastern states or california . 
  i would say vermont . 
  in 2012 they voted to separate state and church , i think the separation took place in 2016 . 
  really fun to see lists of countries with statechurch before , the lists would go something like : saudi-arabia , iraq , afghanistan , norway ... 
  aside from saboteur missions on the nazi occupation forces we love to circlejerk about how great the battle of [ hafrsfjord ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_hafrsfjord ) and [ stiklestad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_stiklestad ) was . 
  nothing modern though , mostly attacks on nazis and viking battles . 
  poorest is [ trysil ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/whjuu5ytahu/maxresdefault.jpg ) according to some list i found .
