  i have too much to say on this so i just wo n't . 
   when we say socialism/communism , we 're talking about the garbage in cuba , venezuela , ex-warsaw pact , etc. 
  and i do n't see anything wrong with treating thise ideologies with contempt . 
  do you know why you do it ? 
  is it because of decades of anti-communism propaganda ? 
  if you knew the global history of ideologies then you would probably be more patient with communism . 
  it 's a radical new ideology and lovely mindset that would benefit all who would want to be a part of such a system . 
  every american : `` but it has never worked in real life therefore it 's crap '' democracy is 2500 years old , which means it has had 2500 years to try and fail time and time again . 
  communism on the other hand is not even 200 years old and you hold it to the same standars as democracy . 
  look at democratic-socialism which could be argued to be the latest version of communism . 
  it is already working wonders in scandinavia , if you 're aware of it . 
  norway , denmark , sweden , finland and iceland have dominated every official list from happiness , human development , school system , healthcare , low crime rate , press freedom etc for over 20 years now . 
  the way bernie sanders was met by the american people is a disgrace . 
  the fact that he did n't have any ethos because he had socialist inspired ideas is frightening and goes to show what happens when you treat those ideologies with contempt . 
  also i think cuba would be way better of if it were n't for the blockade , and i think they are about to be way better of thanks to raul , only time will show . 
   thanks  ( new yorker here ) which part of ny btw ? 
  just nyc ? 
  only nyc , is there anywhere else in new york i should keep in mind the next time im there ? 
   but i still feel most of your `` americans are ignorant '' remarks apply to many nations in regards to their awareness on culturally distant countries . 
  i agree , but not to many western nations though . 
   did you notice a big difference between ny/sf and the rest of usa other than the fact ny/sf are less religious ? 
  a huge difference , in short i would say people in sf and ny are brighter and normal to my standards . 
  they remind me more of europeans than the typical '' ` murican '' . 
  i also have the impression that they are some of the more left leaning places in usa , just judging from the people i 've met there . 
  although im being very critical in these comments on usa , do n't get me wrong . 
  there are more good sides than bad sides . 
  most of my critique can be blamed on the education system and government . 
  yes, 
  it 's an old stereotype that germans do n't have a sense of humour , not my opinion . 
  either 10 , - 10kr or 10 nok . 
  and we do have decimals too , but we round up or down because we dont have physical cents . 
  taco, 
  not in any order * [ sivil\u00f8konom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sivil%c3%b8konom ) ( google translate gave me civil economist but that doesnt sound right ) * law * nursing * psychology * medicine * economy and administration * police the most popular is nursing . 
  lervig konrad stout , if youre ever in norway you have to look for one at vinmonopolet . 
  it 's around 75 nok which is around 8 euros for one 0,33 . 
  but it 's worth it . 
  not being able to place countries on a map , knowing nothing about europe or the world . 
  the `` we are # 1 '' mentality and restraint to learn about anyone else . 
  not speaking more than one language fluently too is just sad . 
  really loud about their faith , everyone is shoving their christianity down others throat . 
  all they know of history is us history . 
  how right wing fundamentalists in usa are only considered republicans , not mentally ill . how the southern flag is on cars in the south , how racism is still relevant in usa . 
  how `` 420 '' is an important political movement to you . 
  how obnoxiously patriotic people are and the fact that patriotism is a good thing in usa too . 
  most of all might be how words like communism or socialism is like poison to most americans , but i guess that 's what 50 years of cold war and brain washing does to the majority of a country . 
  most of this goes for the midwest , south and la. 
  san fransisco and new york were pretty decent and i havent been to the northwest yet so i have n't formed an impression of people from there . 
  i 'm also aware that not all people are like this , i have met decent people in the biggest shitholes of america too , but the majority of people i met on the road were dumb , but really great people though . 
  hah , no . 
  i find the majority of americans dumb , loud mouthed and really really dumb . 
  i have travelled usa from east to west and north to south and visited every major city . 
  continously the sheer stupidity of people shock me . 
  coolest nationality ? 
  i 'd have to say swedes or danes . 
  you mean he-who-must-not-be-named ... 
  well , i would react with `` huh '' and moved on . 
  personal beliefs are ** personal ** beliefs in norway , probably the rest of europe too judging from this comment section . 
  it is not in my interest to know or care about what other people believe . 
  i would wonder why he told me that . 
  yes , electric cars almost have no taxes and they are aiming to only have electric cars within 2025 i think . 
  also within 2030 to be a carbon neutral country . 
  bitter that it was n't prevented before it started . 
  drive an electric car and vote green party ( mdg ) . 
  angst was spread from danish , not german . 
  not really possible , although some groups of people have a trend . 
  old people usually votes for the christian party ( center ) . 
  farmers for a farming party ( center ) upper class usually for soft right and an overwhelming majority for left ( arbeiderpartiet , social-democratic ) . 
  lately we have been getting more and more far right voters too , but my guess is that this is just a phase so not really relevant in our voting tendencies . 
  thats a weird question , who is n't ? 
  i own a couple rifles and to get them i had to take 30 hours of hunting courses , take an exam , practical test at the shooting range , background check and permit from the police . 
  thats one of two ways to own guns in norway . 
  the other way is to be a member of a gun club but that too includes a background check and police permit . 
  i like the current laws , but they could be stricter . 
  breivik ( terrorist ) managed to get his hands on military weapons . 
  i guess if youre not hunting there could be some psychological evaluation involved too . 
  and the people who arrange the courses could be on alert for potential criminals . 
  my professors do have phds in history . 
  i would argue that it might be you who are misinformed if you disagree with academics of that caliber . 
  i study history and we havent really talked about ww2 because it is not that important * we focus on the ideological trends , political movements etc. 
  and it 's pretty clear that nationalism is at the core of pretty many conflicts . 
  although it brought my country both the constitution in 1814 and independence in 1905 im not blind to the fact that it is the root of many conflicts today and in the last 200 years and inevitably in the future and haulting much of our progress as a species ... * it is super important . 
  but when you are studying more advanced history we tend to shy away from wars and battles and focus on causes and effects . 
  `` nationalism is the root of all evil '' - every history teacher and professor i 've ever had . 
  yes , [ diplomacy . 
  ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/sweden-s-king-in-strip-club-scandal-1.1088241 ), 
  i would say it 's pretty skateable . 
  but the best spots are in parks , which we do have a decent amount of actually . 
  tasta skatepark in stavanger is northern europes biggest park and i 've read about some monstrosity of a park under construction in oslo at the moment . 
  but the weather is often crap and our summer last only 2 months with no guarantee for 20 + degrees . 
  i would rather pay money to go to barcelona than norway to skate if i were you . 
  that 's what i concluded with aswell when teachers told us about this `` smugness '' . 
  i think in norway we have done little to nothing to take care of our language . 
  movies etc are not usually dubbed and we are daily exposed to english . 
  it might be the difference in how globalization has affected us rather than bilingual abilities that underlie this communication problem i encounter when im in france and germany . 
  i was afraid of triggering someone with that , but thats actually one of the explanations we got in german/french class in norwegian high school to why it is important to learn those particular languages instead of spanish as a third language . 
  because when traveling in france or germany , some french and german people tend to be unwilling at speaking english because of their `` language-smugness '' we were told . 
  takk for tips . 
  i would argue that cyprus is in europe . 
  when i think of europe ( geographically ) i would say northern norway to mediterranean islands in the south and kind of turkey in the east . 
  we do have some semi-famous skaters , i dont know if they are big outside of norway though .
