  i can legally own weapons and have a couple rifles and shotguns but i have no desire to get my hands on a gun , there is just no use for it really . 
  i would n't turn to weapons if i were in a threatening situation , it only makes the outcome deadlier . 
  as for borrowing weapons ; you can if the owner gives you a written note with their signature on , i believe it 's only good for a couple weeks though . 
  it 's all pils/lager on those festivals , unfortunately . . 
  i think maybe it could have something to do with looser laws in the states . 
  many restaurants brew their own beer and sell to go or serve all over usa . 
  that would be illegal in many countries here . 
  also the homebrewing trend is stronger in the us , judging from the online community . 
  speak for yourself , it 's pretty damn good to be honest . 
  some of the best craft beers i 've had are americans from all over the country . 
  mostly brown ales , stouts and porters . 
  my absolute favorite that i 've hunted down afterwards and gotten the recipe to is actually from texas . 
  a honey ale that i 'm about to brew myself , or atleast try to brew . 
  as for european beers , if you like ales then belgium is your country . 
  otherwise it 's mostly pilsners in `` mainland '' europe which i find quite boring . 
  lervig from my hometown have some great craft beers . 
  but probably the best craft beer brand in the world in my opinion atleast is the danish mikkeller . 
  i actually think mikkeller is * officially * considered the best or one of the best craft beer brands too . 
  i have n't been to ireland yet but i suspect that they have some good craft beers too as darker beers are more common there . 
  overall the craft beers of the us are superiour in every way , the sheer amount available in normal grocery stores are just staggering . 
  only place that can compete are belgium but they are often limited to ales . 
  linkedin for professional , finn.no for teens and young adults . 
  i do n't know if this is the right translation , but trailer . 
  the kind you hook on behind your car . 
  a couple years ago an exchange student came to my high school ( vgs ) and we took him out drinking , to movies etc as if he was a childhood friend . 
  he learned fluent norwegian with our dialect in under a year and was basically a norwegian by the time he was leaving . 
  so socializing seems to be the best way . 
  i 've used it all over europe for as long as i can remember . 
  maybe the id part meets all the criterias of an id card ? 
  plenty of whales up here and several whale watching boats along the coast to book trips on . 
  i know we have 9 types of shark native to norway too and diving with sharks seems to be possible judging from a quick google search . 
  not sure about the cage part . 
  great whites on the other hand i 've heard are n't comfortable in such cold sea but they are apparantly coming closer and closer thanks to climate change . 
  it 's good enough for airports and other border controls within schengen . 
  i 've even bought beer in usa with it . 
  so pretty practical . 
  never heard of id cards until now . 
  did some googling and apparantly we are getting id cards in 2018 in norway . 
  i 've done it several times , not sure whether it 's legal or not but definitely possible . 
   often changing every few kms . 
  i just learned that the older generations in sandnes/stavanger have different dialects just by going a couple hundred meters in any direction . 
  for example going from varatun to trones which is only 800 meters ( ! ), 
  you will hear three different dialects among the old people . 
  i have the same dialect it seems ( j\u00e6rsk ) and i often have serious problems communicating with eastern norwegians . 
  not very good at changing dialect either so i often just go with english . 
  pretty sad actually . . nrk should have a `` dialektkvote '' just as nynorsk kvoten so people can train their * spr\u00e5k\u00f8re * . 
  not a regional thing , just something we started doing a while ago just for fun and has stuck with us since . 
  i 'm interested in synonyms and sayings , not just the translated word for cheers . 
  well many friends are very right leaning , so might be that . 
  we usually say either sk\u00e5l or til valhall in my social circle , and i 've heard others use it aswell , but `` sk\u00e5l '' is by far used the most . 
  prettyy drunk right now , will look over ans answerr tomorrow . 
  but western in norway we say til valhall , dunno abput the rest, 
  more money in circulation, 
  just about every european city has experienced being burned to the ground several times , bombed by the nazis , black death and other tragedies . 
  if such events was enough to take away a cities capital status we would n't have any cities left to choose as capitals . 
  i share with 3 friends , so 4 in total . 
  student so i live both at home with my parents in something very similar to [ this ] ( http://www.blink-hus.no/readimage.aspx?pubid=09c4838d-83eb-4ed8-b2d5-6075ebbfef11&amp;custom=size%3a1047 ) and by the uni where i rent a house similar to [ this ] ( https://iec-hus.no/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/diana_thumb-768x432.jpg ) one . 
  * edit : picture shrunk , found a new link *, 
  inhaling while saying certain words . 
  i think it boils down to perception ( and some misinterpretation of the word ) , those who claim the nordics or netherland are materialistic are n't exactly from countries where the ppp is high , so to them we might seem materialistic but from our perspective stuff is n't worth nearly as much as in their countries relative to their wages . 
  also if this is the case they seem to think materialistic = owning expensive stuff while the actual definition would be * caring * about owning expensive stuff for social status . 
  * edit : typos *, 
  having materialistic `` urges '' would n't really show to anyone but the person with them though . 
  my guess is that this guy is a troll . 
  well not russia as a whole , but overall that 's just the impression i 've ended up with . 
  of course based on the russians i 've met in the west though so again you might have a point in that the ones that are in the western world often are better off and maybe not representative for russia . 
  good point , i guess we are restricted by our soical norms despite our own personal desires . 
  i know i sure would like to own a ferrari , but it would do severe damage to my `` name '' in my community . 
  janteloven is a bitch ... also the wiki description of materialism as a personality trait is n't exactly the one i thought of when writing this . 
  this is what i had in mind :  preoccupation with or emphasis on material objects , comforts , and considerations , with a disinterest in or rejection of spiritual , intellectual , or cultural values . 
  from www.dictionary.com/browse/materialism, 
  i 'm sorry if you 've met someone like this , not at all representative for even a fraction of norway . 
  most in my experience are russians , the [ stereotype ] ( https://m.imgur.com/wmixq ) seems to hold up in very many cases . 
  least would probably be a nordic one , materialism is frowned upon here and at all costs avoided . 
  for example , rich people will rather but a 7-series or an rs6 than a ferrari just so people wo n't get the impression that they are trying to show off . 
  [ the law of jante ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ) has shaped how we act in all of scandinavia and still stands very strong . 
  it 's extremely taboo in norway to be materialistic and to show off in any way . 
  statistically scandinavia is among the very least materialistic countries . 
  why do you feel that norway are materialistic ? 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ) explains why it 's like this in scandinavia . 
  this is videreg\u00e5ende though , not ungdomsskulen . 
  but still pretty cool , my school were either the first or among the first schools in norway to offer chinese ( mandarin ) if i remember correctly . 
  in videreg\u00e5ende for some reason , we were among the first in norway to have chinese as a. . valgfag ( elective ? ) . 
  i just googled it and it seems plenty of schools actually offers it now , pretty cool . 
  german , english and both norwegians . 
  i still regret not taking chinese aswell . 
  the quality was crap , british accent was forced on us which did n't work at all for me . 
  i learned both english and ( some ) german entirely through television . 
   quiet around other danes exact opposite here , in norway we are quiet and reserved around other norwegians but when abroad we lose our shit if we meet other norwegians , especially if they are from the same region as you . 
  scandinavian looking and either drunk and loud or quiet and reserved , depends on the place . 
  also the only ones to wear shorts and t-shirts in places colder than 25 degrees . 
  never met a quiet , keeping-to-themselves scandinavian in a vacation place where alcohol is consumed . 
  b\u00e6rum is part of the oslo region . 
  it 's basically where the rich people of oslo live , without it and asker , oslo could be argued to be one of the poorer places in the country . 
  in the top 10 list the only municipalities that are n't a part of oslo are : sola ( 3rd ) , stavanger ( 4th ) , randaberg ( 5th ) , sandnes ( 7th ) , rennes\u00f8y ( 8th ) , time ( 10th ) . 
  all of which are in the county rogaland which makes rogaland easily the wealthiest county overall . 
  [ i beg to differ . 
  ] ( https://katarinathelin.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/img_4461.jpg ), 
  well being conservative on soft drugs sure is n't considered primitive in norway . 
  it 's just a non-issue and not taken as a serious cause to fight for like for example in the us where cannabis legislation are glorified to the degree that real issues are overshadowed .
