  i vaguely remember an article a while ago where someone drove at least 100 over the limit , but it was in the middle of the night and no cars anywhere so he did n't lose his license ( would 've been prison in other circumstances ) . 
  i could n't find the article but i 'll keep looking and edit it in if i find it . 
  not blinking wo n't get you arrested , but it fucking should . 
  other than that they will in most cases let you go with a warning if the crime is not too severe , which is pretty cool . 
  in my experience there barely is any traffic laws in large parts of italy . 
  i 've always wondered if the police suddenly started caring , would italians respect their authority ? 
  most people find it disgusting . 
  always fun to see someone buy the wrong type and start gagging when they notice . 
  sounds sketchy , what the eu should do is to spread the institutions all over the eu . 
  not centralized in benelux like they are now . 
  they recently implemented this in norway to stop what 's happened in the us before it happens . 
  i think this would help for eu integration as well . 
  because they are electable and can be controlled . 
  janteloven , goes for all of scandinavia . 
  i once said hi to a guy worth a couple billion euros , that was pretty cool . 
  he made them through investments , i think . 
  binge-watching house of cards . 
  we got new bills in may , have yet to see one as i never use cash . 
  most people prefer card or mobile pay in norway . 
  i prefer black coffee , and so does the vast majority of norway , i think that goes for the nordics as well ( i 've read ) . 
  i think nrk anything is under regulations . 
  25 % has to be nynorsk , some of it sami and the rest bokm\u00e5l / dialect . 
  yeah , it might be the closest thing to standard . 
  but i just wanted to point out that we do n't have one as we have a very special situation in terms of dialects and written language . 
  there is n't a standard one . 
  south-east/oslo : snobs , bitchy dialect . 
  east of arendal and north of trondheim . 
  well then i disagree , you may feel that way about some norwegians on reddit . 
  but irl you are very wrong . 
  seems like you have misunderstood some classic scandinavian banter . 
  also reddit is n't representative for how it is to * live * in those countries . 
  which was the question . 
  i 'm pretty good at different accents in american english . 
  other than that i can separate irish , scottish and several types of british . 
  and some swedish dialects . 
  [ :') ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/mvp-ngj902avlgswq/fullscreen ), 
  from the top of * my * head : sedona , grand canyon , niagara falls , death valley , yellowstone , rocky mountains and maybe florida keys fit in there ? 
  i think the majority knows of grand canyon , yellowstone , niagara falls and the rocky mountains . 
  haha , you 're correct !, 
  i 'm from a rural place as well . 
  but uni at 40k ? 
  ntnu i assume ? 
  from western norway , live in southern . 
  barneskolen ( 1-7th grade ) - ca 500 ungdomsskolen ( 8-10th ) - ca 200 videreg\u00e5ende ( 1-3 ( 10-13 ) ) - ca 1500 university - ca 15 000, 
  i feel it 's true in norway . 
  but i live in the part of norway with the highest percentage blondes though . 
  student , rent a house at 250 m2 with some friends . 
  meters , not centimeters . 
  i feel bad for his coworkers . 
  yeah , but when your friends have a fucking sound/catchphrase and gesture to react to everything that happens and desire kool aid without ever having tasted it , then it gets pretty annoying and therefore i envy you if your friends are n't that americanized . 
  not even real predators want to live in denmark . 
  ^ ^ ^ obligatory ^ ^ ^ banter, 
  huh , i find that it 's especially my female friends . 
  most notably is that head shake and finger manouver . 
  if you ca n't see them do that then you 've struck gold on those girls . 
  do n't know your age , but in my circle with 18-26 year olds it 's very common among my black friends . 
  would n't expect older to act that way . 
  but i assume younger too act like that . 
  maybe you do n't know many black people or are a bit older ? 
  i 'm friends with a bunch of black guys and almost all of them do this . 
  our polar bears do n't live side by side with brown bears and are seemingly thriving on svalbard . 
  i do n't think any polar bears share habitat with other types of bears , but i could be wrong . 
  yup, 
  i 've heard that during one of the unions we were pretty powerful . 
  i do n't know which union but i guess it 's the dano-norwegian one . 
  our fleet was supposedly among the biggest in the world . 
  i dont ' t mind us not being a super power , let 's us focus more on our selves and not be busy with foreign affairs like the us . 
  old eastern norwegians . 
  look up jens stoltenberg on youtube and i will guarantee that you cringe . 
  did n't know people were allowed to drink or drive in north korea . 
  not mainland norway , but our biggest island have loads of them . 
  most ways , if you look up king bach i think he calls himself on youtube etc. 
  the way he and his friends act in sketches pretty much sums it up . 
  we call weever fjesing , had to do some googling to find the english name . 
  also you have boar , we chased our boars into sweden a long time ago and our boar today are migrating back from sweden and live in both norway and sweden . 
  and i forgot lynx , we have them too . 
  on my mothers side on and off since the 17th century . 
  on my fathers * at least * since the viking age , so about 1200 + years ago . 
  talking `` black '' . 
  for some reason many black people in norway have adopted american ghetto slang and black stereotypes . 
  this has only happened after social media and especially vine . 
  what ? 
  would you mind explaining ? 
  ~ ~ norway ~ ~, 
  never actually lived in sweden so i ca n't really compare , but from my experience visiting sweden it 's pretty much the same . 
  whoops , fixed it now . 
  thx . 
  lovely , well respected , part of the community and someone you can trust to keep you safe . 
  beside bringing back the kalmar union or some sort of scandinavian union there is a movement that want our pre kalmar land back ( greenland , faroe islands , iceland ) . 
  as for people , a famous norwegian billionaire not that long a ago spoke on a scandinavian union and how it would benefit us . 
  i get called in once a year , so probably once a year . 
  i think it 's very common in rural areas of norway/sweden/finland . 
  where i 'm from we call it niseks = 96 as in 96 % . 
  i would even go as far as to claim it 's part of my regions culture . 
  it 's widely non-existent . 
  it 's not that bad though , when i tasted it i finished the bottle . 
  would n't take it over water/sprite/beer / cola etc though . 
  ticino i do n't know much about switzerland , but i 'm amazed it manages to stay a country with cantons like ticino basically being italy . 
  also the cantons , the whole governmental situation , the languages etc. 
  the more i think of it the further away switzerland feels to the nordics .
