[ and 20 years ago . . ] ( https://www.royal-irish.com/sites/default/files/events/kscn0001g.jpg ), 
  a culture of bigotry and homopobia ? 
  they fly [ nazi and confederate flags ] ( http://belfasttelegraph.bbvms.com/mediaclip/2475420/pthumbnail/608/340.jpg ) , they burn [ polish flags ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/78166000/jpg/_78166354_gedc1059.jpg ) , this type of utter bullshit and no place in a modern society . 
  they got punished because they became massively arrogant and started pulling the same crap as the last crowd . 
  we do n't like that on this side of the water . 
  wo n't happen . 
  if the uk leave the eu , support for a united ireland will increase immensely . 
  interestingly enough , there are more `` peace walls '' now than there was during the war which is exactly why artificial states like `` northern ireland '' do n't last , and ca n't last . 
  division is built into it , and it will always be plagued by misery and pain because of that . 
  nah , it was more to do with the stormont government which was a fascist sectarian apartheid-esque regime , funded and defended by the british state . 
  revenge for skibbereen !, 
  they were doin it for our own good , yer lordship . 
  we 'd still be tryin to grow turf and cook it over spuds if it was n't for the brits , lord bless their generous hearts . 
  and also , caoilfhionn ( kee-lin ), 
  what does any party in the upcoming election have anything to do with dissidents ? 
  the wind that shakes the barley : a movie about the irish struggle for liberation from the point of view of those who lost in the civil war . 
  actually , in the 2011 census , 1.77 million people declared they could speak irish . 
  too soon, 
  a grouping of anti-semites , islamophobes and racists buoyed up on occasion by the swing voting disgruntled do n't strike me as a ` good option ' to allow running a country . 
  it 's a bit like the climate change conference - the climate change deniers would n't really have anything to offer . 
  if large numbers of the population want to , for instance , embark on a deranged drunken rampage every weekend while firing guns at random passersby , it 's not really doing any good to pander to them . 
  again , you have nothing to back up your claims . 
  we actually do n't even know what the true cost is as the british treasury refuses to release those figures and of the figures we have even those are n't accurate . 
  they do n't , for example , take into account the cost of things taken out of the block grant that we would n't have to pay in a reunified ireland , such as the royals and the british army . 
  they also do n't take into account tax not actually paid here that would be paid here in a reunified ireland . 
  for example , all those huge shopping centres in the north , tesco , asda , sainsubrys etc. . 
  they make millions here yet all that tax goes back to britain where they 're headquartered and is n't counted as being from the north . 
  of course there 's a whole wealth of advantages in a reunified ireland that it would be difficult to calculate the savings/benefits of , such as getting rid of all the daft duplication of dual services on a tiny island , not to mention the huge options it would open up in terms of tourism . 
  in some quarters that progressive thinking has finally started with a very interesting article from an economist in the irish times talking about how reunification could not only be good but could be an economic saviour for the south and he cites the creation of a massive economic hub stretching from dublin to belfast as the reason behind this . 
   loyalism is n't that . 
  [ a 95 % civilian kill ratio would suggest otherwise . ], 
  ( http://cain.ulst.ac.uk/issues/violence/bodbol.htm ) even at the height of the troubles , with the support of the ruc , british army and courts , loyalists achieved little more than shooting random catholics in areas close to their own areas . 
  what would be the purpose of such a campaign ? 
  to make the north independent ? 
  or perhaps to get the brits to come back ? 
  how do they manage that , attack the gardai to make the brits come back ? 
  attack britain ? 
  so as well as having no logic , an armed campaign has no target . 
  re-unification is the end game , constitutionally . 
  once it happens there is nothing left on either side to fight for . 
  even unionists know the north can not survive on its own ( particularly as , in such a scenario where reunification is voted for , the majority of people will be against it going its own way ) so what option does that leave loyalists ? 
  bomb britain to make them come back ? 
  no , they 'll realise the only sensible thing to do is to join the rest of us and take their place as an integral part of the irish nation , a nation that respects their heritage and links to britain . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/unification-of-ireland-could-bring-in-36-5bn-in-eight-years-1.2435505 ) [ and the full report ] ( http://www.klconsult.ca/irish-unification-modeling-.pdf ), 
   the irish economy would suffer evidence ? 
   there would probably be another war , but this time worse than ever . 
  there is absolutely no indication that reunification would lead to any sort of violence , at least not any sort of sustained campaign beyond a handful of loyalist ghettos . 
  even if they did have the inclination towards such actions they simply do n't have the capability . 
  loyalism , even with the support of the state and the police , never stretched beyond random sectarian killings . 
  the only time they ever planted significant bombs ( such as dublin/monaghan ) was when they were built and transported for them by the british state . 
  so you 'd have loyalist groups with no source of intelligence , weaponry or explosive making and on top of that a police force not inclined to turn a blind eye to/aid their actions . 
  the scenario you outline is total fantasy . 
  wait , you 're an irish nationalist yet you do n't support a united ireland ? 
  that 's like calling yourself a unionist and hating the idea of the united kingdom, 
  irish republican is generally used for someone who will support armed campaign be it now or in the past . 
  there 's also ideals such as equality which would be expected of someone calling themselves a republican . 
  irish nationalist is used usually to refer to people who want a united ireland but would never accept political violence . 
  so its used for sdlp really though i 'd argue most irish nationalists are actually republicans in that they all want a 32-county republic , even if they never accept violence . 
  they are not the ira , just a bunch of psychopathic thugs with no legitimate cause and no support from the communities they operate in . 
  sadly , as long as britain occupy this country there will be irishmen to resist that . 
  you 're obviously woefully ignorant to the subject . 
  the provisional ira are no longer active and have decommissioned their arms since the good friday agreement in 1998 , they are now involved in politics . 
  yeah , it 's not like the british state established , financed and internationally defended the entire sectarian , herrenvolk stormont r\u00e9gime between may 1921 and march 1972 . 
  and then continued on for decades more with policies of shoot-to-kill and torture against the native irish - both policies which they denied for decades . 
  we 're still awaiting a real referendum on northern irelands ' independence though ; unless you count that bogus one in 1973 which 99 % of nationalists boycotted . 
  not sure what you 're talking about ... 
  so no other country should offer to help ? 
  have irish people never sought the help of other countries in the past ? 
  so france should take in all of the refugees then ? 
  btw how do you know their origins or what they 're fleeing from ? 
  they are still fleeing the same situation , when that level of refugees are involved other countries have to step up to the mark and share some level of responsibility . 
  using your logic then ireland should never take any refugees ever as there is almost zero chance of this island nation ever being the direct first place of landing for anybody fleeing anything . 
  read the daily mail much do you ? 
  fair play . 
  it is an unrealistic statement about the peace walls , it is n't going to happen any time soon or even close to seven years . 
  there has n't been an effort of peace building between both community 's of any real relevance , the mistrust the lack of understanding and the ever rising sectarianism is going to be a constant factor . 
   its how the world has always worked . 
  new populations migrate in and establish states . 
  its how palestinians got there . 
  its how most other populations got there . 
  its how the afrikanners got there in sa , but south africa allows them to split off and have their own state . 
  the similarities are a foreign power/s asserting themselves on an indigenous population most often using force . 
   in the lands they are a majority in , absolutely . 
  agreed , but that 's not how it worked out , they are not even treated as equals  would i be okay with it ? 
  g-d no . 
  but it would be the way of the world . 
  its how we got there ( at least by 1948 ) in the first place . 
  the way of the world is condemning hostile acts against others . 
  but yes , we let certain things slide in there 's money or oil in it . 
  that does not make it okay . 
  the idea that the palestinians should be punished and have their land stolen as reparation for the wrongs carried out on the jewish community in europe is a disgrace and a crime . 
  murder is the way of the world too , we should n't sit back and accept it . 
  so you 're also in favour of britain launching f16s into the irish republic and bombing dublin ( where the ira hq was ) ? 
  our army only exists for honourable purposes only . 
  it will only exist for the defence of our liberties , and of our people in exercise of their liberties . 
  an irish army can never be used for the ignoble purpose of invasion , subjection , and exploitation . 
  no , i 'm not saying it has n't reduced terrorism . 
  but the fact that 85 % of it is illegally placed , surely points to the fact there another agenda behind this ? 
  if the wall was located on the green line it would n't be so controversial . 
  at present it goes deep into the west bank for the major israeli settlements .
