it took me several seconds to figure out whether the subreddit was serious or not . 
  i 'm going to go on believing it 's a joke , just to keep my sanity intact . 
  [ multireddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newrussia+enlightenedbirdmen+madmudmen ), 
  definitely killed by [ former soviet nation ] because of their fascist leaders . 
  there was an ukrainian woman with him when he was shot so my bet is that kiev is going to be blamed . 
  we have 8 days when we required by law to raise the flag and 13 days when it 's customary to raise the flag . 
  most people do n't know why we have the flag raised when we have it raised unless it 's mothers or fathers day , national day or midsummer . 
  i had no idea why the flag was out today until i read this post . 
  well . 
  finland can be a tad boring compared to a country with a civil war going on , but if you ca n't find a bar you 're either blind or a moron . 
  they deserve the asylum after staying there . 
  i wonder if any people from tornio have tried hitching a ride back from the smugglers . 
  putting a huge refugee center in tornio is a pretty solid move . 
  i lived there for a year and had enough . 
  yes and for the several years the process goes on you can live here without problems . 
  a guy got declined after living here for seven years . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong for immigrants to come here . 
  i have nothing against people from warring countries coming here or going anywhere . 
  i agree , there 's not `` a lot '' , but more and more are coming in anyway . 
  the hell , prostitution is legal ? 
  i checked it is ... brb . 
  me too . 
  i seriously hope that we do n't turn into a war zone of our own due to racism and prejudice . 
  sweden has exclusion zones already and from what i hear ( from emt 's ) is that there are areas in the cities where they wo n't go ( or are advised not to go ) without a police . 
  yes , there are a lot of immigrants here and i 've heard that we 're opening new centers to house the masses inbound . 
  from what i know the end goal of the immigrants is usually germany or nordics . 
  that 's the other odd thing for me . 
  there 's a war torn country and all the military aged men seem to want the fuck out of there . 
  i 'm not saying that there are no reasons to do that , but it kinda seems a bit odd . 
  i mean all the jews ( who could ) did get up and leave around ww2 , but a whole lot of them are aliyahing the shit to israel even though it is in a war . 
  that 's probably it . 
  at least i hope that they just do n't freaking abandon their families . 
  yeah , it 's probably cultural difference . 
  i bet though that we 'd be way more happy taking the immigrants if they were women and children of a war torn country rather than the military age men . 
  i 'd still go the other way around . 
  sen my wife and kids first and they can figure out afterwards if they want me there with them . 
  probably the worst breakup ever . 
  the odd thing is that majority of the migrants that reach here are men ages 20 to 30 . 
  do they just leave women and children there ? 
  i recognized the same in the vice documentary about the translators , they were a little too nonchalant about leaving their families behind . 
  if war broke out , i 'd first make sure that my family got into safety even if they were n't directly threatened . 
  swedish is my favorite european language . 
  i like the way it sounds . 
  when i last heard it in haaparanta a week ago it sounded so effortless . 
  it was as if they were n't even trying . 
  `` my tongue is soooo lazy that i better learn swedish . '', 
  you selfish bastards , we only moved to finland . 
  was closer and we did n't end up in the oven . 
  jews are the glue that keeps europe together . 
  nothing is better for bonding than a common thing to blame for everything !, 
  i 've heard that nokia actually wanted the cell phone section to go down in order to fire majority of the workers . 
  once they 're allowed to continue development of phones ( 2017 or somesuch year ) they 'll hire the best ones back . 
  have you ever seen good propaganda ? 
  i was at a conscription several years ago and we watched some videos over there before our medical checkup and interview . 
  i was so ready to join the peace corp or whatever assassin squad after watching those . 
  you can still poke someones eye out with it . 
  i have to call the government so they can make those illegal or something . 
  well , good thing that they 'll start throwing food imports into trash tomorrow . 
  * food imports from some countries . 
  was n't there a news yesterday ( / r/europe or / r/worldnews ) that they do n't really enforce that law either anymore ? 
  `` oh , you 've been depressed a few times . 
  is that correct ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  `` sorry , you ca n't come to the military . '', 
  `` so , do i get a gun if war comes ? '', 
  `` if war starts , we 'll get guns for everyone . '', 
  apparently i 'm too much inclined to shoot a gun the backwards way to serve the country in peace time . 
  i think conscription is a good thing , i 've never heard anyone complain about it afterwards . 
  a lot of people quit it midway though . 
  you 're right , it 's wrong to call it slave labor and it 's bad taste from me . 
  i 'll stop doing that . 
  they are somewhat forced into it though . 
  or do you call `` either you work for 9 $ per day or we 'll cut your benefits '' not forcing ? 
  crap , i forgot the 0-hour contracts . 
  i know and it 's kinda unnerving . 
  there are actually companies running on 9 $ slave labor , the company itself does n't need to pay at all ( or very little , i 'm not sure ) for the labor force . 
  kind of hard to compete with that kind of company with any legitimate companies . 
  9 $ job not good enough for you ? 
  we 'll cut your benefits till you starve or until you take that job !, 
  it 's very sad to see this kind of shit happening and i 'm afraid it 's pretty much eu wide phenomenon . 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's the same in most countries . 
  at least in finland the unemployment is so-so . 
  if you 're unemployed the employment agency can send you on a course for the unemployed and ta-dah , you 're not on the unemployed statistic anymore !, 
  they can also force you to slave labour for extra 9 $ per day and ta-dah you 're not on the unemployed statistic . 
  you have drug problems and no education ? 
  they 'll put you on courses and you 're not unemployed !, 
  there are a whole lot of people here that have no job , but are not unemployed . 
  for instance i 've been unemployed for one month in my adult life . 
  i was n't unemployed in the statistics because i happened to be on an adult learning class . 
  the class took 3-4 hours per week and they told me that i was n't unemployed since i was n't usable workforce during those 3-4 hours each week . 
  fun . 
  edit : me no good english, 
  estonia is kinda like the brother that gets us drunk . 
  finland : paljonko maksaa | how much it costs / how much liver ) personal trainer bathroom renovation passport cab to build a house, 
  so basically what i used to do with an alcoholic friend of mine . 
  have a stern talking , hand over enough money to pay some debts and to have a little pocket money for food . 
  then do it again in a few months . 
  we 're not monolingual nor monocultural . 
  last i checked there is a big ( ish ) swedish population and few saami people live in the north . 
  both of which have their own language and rich culture .
