  norway has a lot of hydroelectricity though . 
  those fjords have a lot of rivers . 
  i 'm sure it 's great , but i 'm not going to get out my headphones to stream a 16 minute long youtube video on my phone , just to have to pause it and google every other thing because a video ca n't cite references or sources . 
  videos are n't very good in online debates . 
  norway just wants to protect our agriculture and oil . 
  what 's the deal with people linking to videos to argue for something ? 
  nobody 's going to open youtube to hear about the failings of eu . 
  what 's wrong with writing blog posts and articles, 
  am i reading you wrong , or do you consider the tea party , ron paul , brexit and trump to be bastions of _ conservatism _ ? 
  or are you using `` conservative movemements '' to mean `` right-wing movements '' ? 
  cool , going there right now from bra\u0219ov actually . 
  sitting in the car as i write . 
  have fun !, 
  where in romania are you moving ? 
  i 'm travelling around there now , mostly transylvania ( so far been to z\u0103rne\u0219ti , ra\u0219nov , sirnea , saschiz , lep\u0219a , bra\u0219ov ) . 
  beautiful country . 
  in norwegian , we use `` kringkasting '' for `` broadcasting '' specifically ( although `` send '' is also used colloquially ), 
  on the contrary , i feel we 're often left out of maps that claim to be of `` europe '', 
  this is from swedish tv, 
  no it does n't , you 're confusing percentage increase with percentage points . 
  comparing the number of world-class universities across the entire us to single european nations is n't proportionate though . 
  you 'd surely still win , but you need to compare our capita or something there ( or just compare the us with all of europe maybe ), 
  holidays are extra just like in the us . 
  i have 5 weeks paid vacation plus 9 days of holidays this year that land on weekdays ( they 're set dates , so some years you 're lucky , except for easter which always are the same days of the week ), 
  is it like scandinavian languages , more or less ? 
  perth, 
  a lot of young swedes go to norway , take service jobs to make money while living in cheap apartments together with other swedes . 
  we call them `` partysvensker '' because they often spend their little free time partying . 
  now recently many have started moving back home . 
  i guess the first wave is starting to grow up and want to settle down . 
  yeah it was just a joke . 
  or the us is `` united '', 
  yeah , if that 's allowed i feel like farris should be norway 's `` soft drink '' . 
  they 're constituent countries, 
  anything else would be dumb , you did good, 
  in the us many ca n't vote after they get out either ... 
  never heard of it !, 
  hey , we were in a _ union _ !, 
  here in norway we have our own orange soda called solo which is probably more popular , but fanta is still ubiquitous . 
  i think it 's a bit too sweet and prefer solo . 
  seems like the demographics of immigrants to norway and denmark are a bit different . 
  more economic immigrants come to norway , perhaps , due to our oil ? 
  :p poland is # 1 for both countries , but more swedes come to norway to work than denmark . 
  on the other hand more germans and turks find their way up to denmark . 
  but to the topic at hand , i wonder why there are more somalis in norway than denmark . 
  good point on the julekalender !, 
  i 'm not sure , i do n't think dangling sounds so much like germanglish , but other people apparently do : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6nz69r/slug/dkdfw4t danish already has a lot of loanwords from english though . 
  weekend , teenager , computer ... 
  they always sound so funny inserted into danish sentences, 
  funny that he 's nato secretary general now and has to speak english all the time, 
  nice coincidence ; for me it 's denmark !, 
  it just sounds like danish with different words, 
  never heard people called `` continentals '' , but `` continental '' is used as an adjective for things and culture on `` the continent '' , yes . 
  i feel like most visitors here are prepared for that , but i often see foreigners in grocery stores trying to buy a couple of beers too late . 
  most stores are closed on sundays , and you ca n't buy beer in grocery stores after 8 pm . 
  on saturdays , not after 6 pm . 
  and to buy wine and hard liquor you have to go to government-run stores that close even earlier , 6 pm on weekdays and 3 pm on saturdays . 
  asterix & obelix and lucky luke are almost superheroes though . 
  they have superpowers ( super strength and drawing quicker than his own shadow ) , they fight invaders and crime , etc. 
  well ... 
  i mean ... [ it 's right there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oslofjord ), 
  i remember seeing an interview with our prime minister 's husband once . 
  i think he met with michelle obama or something , so i guess you 're probably right that there events where they meet . 
  other than that i do n't know anything about him and he has no influence or importance . 
  culturally it 's not that weird that a president 's spouse is more influential than that of a prime minister , although of course they should n't be ; the us first lady is basically the queen , and our queen is very influential even though she married into the royal family . 
  i see , thanks . 
  the drinking age being 21 might contribute too , maybe ? 
  and i gather from reddit ( lol ) that many americans have to live with their parents for a while after college , are people like that not seen as adults yet ? 
  worst leader of norway would obviously be vidkun quisling , who sold us out to the nazis . 
  what a dick . 
  best would probably be widely considered to be einar gerhardsen , who is often called `` father of the country '' . 
  he was prime minister for 17 years between 1945 and 1963 , basically rebuilt the country after ww2 , strengthening the economy , making us a member of nato , and many other things . 
  pretty hard to compare our current pm , erna solberg , to those two ... she 's popular and strong enough , but her government is a minority ( from a `` hung parliament '' i guess you 'd call it now that the term has been popularized ) consisting of her conservative party and the right-wing party , with confidence support from two other parties , and is n't very stable . 
  we 'll see if they 're reelected in the fall , she 's only been pm for four years so hard to judge so far . 
  at what age do americans graduate from college ? 
  here you 're considered an adult when you turn 18 which is around when you graduate from high school . 
  i do n't drive . 
  la was horrible on foot . 
  took the train , which left much to be desired , from anaheim into la. 
  walking around in la was pretty hard , took the metro around but the stops seemed very far from each other . 
  san diego was much better on foot and their trams were pretty nice . 
  easier to walk around in orlando , where i 've also been , although the distances still made it hard of course , but sidewalks and layout made it easier to get around . 
  in the beginning of the 20th century we had just broken out of the union with sweden , and before that we had been a part of denmark , so we spent basically the next fifty years trying to find our own national identity . 
  we were still mostly using danish as a written language , which was kind of weird . 
  at the end of the 19th century some guys had proposed making a new written language ( later called nynorsk ) based on the `` purest '' norwegian dialects that were closest to old norse , so the 20th century was a long political battle to first replace the danish-like written language , and then combine the two . 
  ( over hundred years later we still have two written languages . ), 
  so in 1917 , a hundred years ago , the first controversial reform was implemented . 
  ( ten years earlier a smaller one was passed which saw little resistance . ), 
  it was meant to bridge the gap between the two written languages . 
  it replaced `` aa '' with '' \u00e5 '' wholesale , and many other things were done to make it reflect less of danish . 
  both bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk got many optional word forms to make them more similar to each other , but few people used those optional forms ; knut hamsun was among the people who criticized the reform . 
  in 1938 , an even larger reform came , which made many of the old optional forms mandatory . 
  it tried even more to make the two written languages similar , but met opposition from both camps . 
  both the proponents of bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk wanted their language to remain conservative . 
  throughout the 50s the idea of uniting the two languages lost a great deal of support , and a similar but weaker reform in 1959 also met much opposition . 
  in 1981 , the conservative bokm\u00e5l proponents won through and most nynorsk-like forms became completely optional . 
  i think most people care about the royal family in norway , even those who are republicans . 
  the three kings we 've had have been really well liked , and the crown prince as well , but there 's been some controversy among the current extended royal family which has been a little tiring . 
  i guess :  the european union , in the principal statement of its badinter committee , follows the montevideo convention in its definition of a state : by having a territory , a population , and a political authority . 
  the committee also found that the existence of states was a question of fact , while the recognition by other states was purely declaratory and not a determinative factor of statehood .
