i have no idea how it 's selling , but i got one for _ titanfall _ and _ halo : master chief collection _ . 
  the xbox one was released in a lot of countries . 
  sorry , guys ... it 's not you , it 's us . 
  i need an `` eli5 : how does the us work '' thread at some point, 
  i think we 're in agreement , but that we use different definitions of the word `` liberal '' . 
  the liberties and individual rights you speak of are often connected with the right , including libertarianism , while i 'm using it for the left . 
  or do you mean that bernie sanders is a liberal ? 
   over time , the meaning of the word `` liberalism '' began to diverge in different parts of the world . 
  according to the encyclopedia britannica , `` in the united states , liberalism is associated with the welfare-state policies of the new deal program of the democratic administration of pres. 
  franklin d. roosevelt , whereas in europe it is more commonly associated with a commitment to limited government and laissez-faire economic policies . '', 
  consequently , in the u.s. , the ideas of individualism and laissez-faireeconomics previously associated with classical liberalism became the basis for the emerging school of libertarian thought . 
  i guess that 's a question of definition , but gun control is definitely a left-wing position , at least . 
  really ? 
  i 've always felt that the community is reddit is super libertarian . 
  also there 's gamergate , the pro-gun part of the site ( including [ authorized reddit-branded assault rifles ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2014/01/reddit-guns-assault-rifle-ar15-logo-conde-nast ) ) , its focus on `` free speech '' throughout the years -- a sentiment not shared by the new administration , to be sure -- and maybe mainly its opposition against said administration , which the community has criticized for being too left-wing and `` sjw '' . 
  of course there are both leftists and right-wing people in this comminity , but as i said , i 'm open to the possibility that the reddit demographic has skewed more to the left lately than traditionally , but i do n't know if i think it 's `` super liberal '' . 
  what makes you think that , apart from the ardent sanders supporters i already mentioned ? 
  that 's weird , the vast majority i see on reddit has right-wing tendencies , such as pro-guns and libertarianism . 
  after some parts of reddit decided to back bernie sanders this has changed somewhat , but is still pretty prevalent imo . 
  * other countries near eu, 
  so just looking at the map , does this have something to do with / r/thebutton ? 
  goodbye preventable deadly diseases, 
  apparently he did override security codes to keep the pilot locked out . 
  european aviation law does not require two people to be in the cockpit at all times , unlike american law . 
  a norwegian airline just changed their routines effective immediately as a result of this crash . 
  i do n't know anything about the us beer scene , just interested myself . 
  what does that mean ? 
  where 's belgium on that scale ? 
  could be its own sub . 
  maybe there already is one, 
  but sure . 
  they can be very visible . 
  often they just look like green clouds , but sometimes they look fantastic !, 
  when you put it like that it actually makes sense . 
  some people said it was 15 % of the population, 
  of course , they 're at a disadvantage . 
  and this guy won the election because he was the opposition when all this shit went down . 
  people do n't like a hypocrite . 
  so was one version of the norwegian anthem . 
  it was added when denmark were in war with germany : `` now we three brothers stand united , and shall thusly stand '', 
  at this point i have no idea what you 're trying to convey . 
  i did n't say it was a singular case with no chance of repeating itself . 
  of course there might be more terrorists out there . 
  what does this have to do with what we were discussing before you went on weird tangents ? 
  who are `` they '' now ? 
  terrorists ? 
  i think we can all agree that terrorists are bad people who have no interest in integration or respect , but we were n't talking about terrorists . 
   there 's state of emergency that was following the terrorist attacks in paris . 
  not sure how that 's relevant to this discussion . 
  unless you think the terrorists killed all those people just to get in cozy prisons . 
  i 'm confused . 
  does the norwegian system sometimes not work , in concrete cases , or is that just something you assume based on the prisons ? 
  the ikea stabber was swedish , btw , and i 'm not sure his motives have come out during trial yet ? 
  sometimes ? 
  what times are those ? 
  i ca n't recall any news stories about people who do crimes to be rewarded with prison . 
   why is switzerland accepting any migrants ? 
  first off , we 're talking about refugees ( asylum seekers ) , which they have to accept . 
  international treaties and all that . 
   i have a trip planned there with my wife soon and she is very concerned for her safety after what they 've been doing in the eu . 
  seriously ? 
  she is `` very concerned '' about going to a country that accepts refugees after what `` they '' have been doing ? 
  they 're not the same few people roaming all over europe raping people . 
  if i may ask , where are you from ? 
  a country with no immigration ? 
  what about the quantifying `` i guess '' part ? 
  does n't that make it a guess rather than a lie ? 
  wikipedia says that approximately 5 % of the population of s\u00e1pmi are sami , so yes , that would be quite ridiculous . 
  of course , the map probably includes ridiculous separatist movements too , but i 'm just not aware of any up here . 
  what is this separatist movement for s\u00e1pmi ? 
  i 'm not aware that such a movement exists . 
  do they have a separatist movement though ? 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  there 's a middle ground between direct democracy and violence . 
  i hear representative democracy is pretty popular . 
   14814 ( 6963 for 2014 ; 7851 for 2015 ) requests from other eu contries bulgaria to accept back refugees first registered in bulgaria ( i assume it 's hard to accommodate them all or maybe problems with deportations ) this is because of the [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ), 
  obviously the cities are dense , but all of finland ( which is pretty big ) has 5.5 million inhabitants . 
   the culture in the united states is to move out at 18 y/o no matter what . 
  not anymore . 
  http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/story/2012-08-01/boomerang-adults-recession-kids-at-home/56623746/1 http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/05/24/479327382/for-first-time-in-130-years-more-young-adults-live-with-parents-than-partners  that 's what my dad did , my grandpa did as well . 
  surprise , the baby boomers pulled the ladder up after them . 
   it is not free , you have to pay back the loan dude :p only 60 % of it , if you do n't live with your parents and pass your exams  and some never get student housing , living in tents and giving up when the weather gets colder :( huh ? 
  where ? 
  never heard of this . 
  i heard of that one guy who lived in a van in the parking lot of the university of oslo though . 
  i lived at home for the first year in college . 
  commuted around 1.5 hours each way . 
  my parents were happy but i was miserable , but i did n't pay rent and managed to save quite a lot of money ( bsu ) so it was n't all bad . 
  everyone else i studied with had their own place though ( and i did n't study with anyone from my home town ) . 
  all of scandinavia and the nordic countries are sparsely populated, 
  i do n't actually know anything about ireland 's housing market , but i 'm willing to bet your parents ' generation mostly bought property ? 
  if so , the question is what happened between then and now in your country ? 
  ( and if the answer is `` the economy tanked '' then i can flaunt norway 's oil money , but that would n't explain denmark , sweden and finland ), 
   there are good free universities in all european countries does the uk have them ? 
  not to mention student-run housing and government student loans and stipends that mostly cover rent ( at least in the aforementioned housing ), 
  riding a bike is a pretty cheap mode of transportation, 
  well , i guess not ... 
  but before we found oil to finance our renewable energy production , our electricity came from imported oil and coal . 
  of course , now almost all the electricity we use ourselves is hydro , but we export a lot of oil . 
  well well .
