  never . 
  i assume you mean chains , like the examples you listed ? 
  i guess tgif qualifies . 
  of course we also have mcd/burger king/subway who has carry american food but do n't really market themselves as quintessential american . 
  if non-chains count there 's an american diner in my city , as well as some steakhouses with kind of a texan theme . 
  seconding that, 
  what , boris ? 
  what happened ? 
  the only time i 've had a back and forth like that was when i had friends over helping me move , because we 'd just walk in and out all day and taking on and off the shoes every time would be dumb . 
  my friends still asked `` should i take my shoes off ? '', 
  never heard of anyone providing slippers in norway , people walk around in socks . 
  yeah , it was just a joke , playing along with your `` controversy '' joke . 
  godwin 's law . 
  as a norwegian i envy you , you have h\u00e5kan , veronica maggio , kent , and lots more . 
  if it 's my turn , i get up at 5 when the kid wakes up . 
  she 's very cute but i hope she starts sleeping in soon . 
  i sit on the floor with her while trying to wake up while she 's in her best mood all day . 
  i can even get some redditing in if she 's particularly happy . 
  i pack her bag , make her lunch , then make coffee . 
  then i either wake up the wife or get woken up myself if i got to sleep in , at 7:30 . 
  maybe i shower , although that does n't happen every day . 
  drop off kid at daycare , then get on the bus and metro while listening to an audiobook . 
  get to work , brew some coffee , get on the computer and see how many fires i need to put out after the weekend . 
  today it was about five figurative fires . 
   ` fewer places ' thanks , stannis, 
  you ca n't antagonize us too much , you still need us to feed your young expat mcdonald 's employees for a little while longer . 
  norway here . 
  we have a rivalry with sweden . 
  they call us `` norrbaggar '' , which sounds like just a nickname for `` norrm\u00e4nn '' ( norwegians ) but which apparently once meant `` sheep testicles '' ... we call sweden `` s\u00f6ta bror '' which means `` sweet brother '' . 
  i guess it 's supposed to be belittling but i think theirs works better . 
  i do n't play drinking games ( anymore ) , but when i was younger i ca n't remember playing any other games than never have i ever . 
  if the uk does n't stay in the eea , london 's status as a financial cornerstone of europe will fall drastically . 
  if i heard that term i 'd probably assume it was referring to a glory hole ... 
  well , when the name of your country is a three-letter acronym ... 
  do people know what it stands for though ? 
  i know the term `` atm '' from popular culture and from being to the us , but only now learned from wikipedia that it stands for `` automated teller machine '' ( the word `` teller '' being the one i did n't know ) . 
  i also do n't remember many atms from my us visits that had that written on them . 
  if anyone else were wondering what the value of a `` dime '' is , i looked it up : 10 cents . 
  the coin really just says `` one dime '' . 
  minibank weird that they did n't understand what you meant after a while , but pretty optimistic of you to think they 'd know what `` atm '' meant . 
  the usa sure love their tlas ... 
  depends why you do n't have a job . 
  if you lose your job here in norway you can get about 60 % of your old salary from the government for a maximum of two years while you look for a new job . 
  you have to actively look for a job , be willing to move pretty much anywhere in the country to take a job , report back to the government every fortnight , not leave the country , and some other restrictions . 
  so sure , you can get by in a reduced capacity without a job , while looking for a new one . 
  living with your parents has also become pretty common in , say , the us lately after the recession . 
  yes . 
  police do n't carry guns around either , they keep them in the car ( except when the terror danger is high like it 's been lately ) . 
  in norway you get a note/strike in a central register if you have debt that goes to collections or is otherwise mishandled or defaulted . 
  getting credit or a loan/mortgage while you have that strike will be hard . 
  when you 've paid off your problematic debt , however , the strike is removed . 
  it will also be removed after 4 years . 
  and yes , this is because of privacy concerns . 
  mark twain is a well-known name here , but i 'm not sure people could name his books . 
  conversely , everybody knows moby-dick , but i doubt most people would know it was herman melville who wrote it . 
  poe is fairly well known , the other two not as much ( the only thing i know about nathaniel hawthorne is that moby-dick was dedicated to him , and the only thing i know about walt whitman is from breaking bad , and i 'm at least fairly well read ) . 
  of course , everyone else you mentioned are british except victor hugo , so this question might fare better if you ask people from britain specifically . 
  i do n't recall all the english books , but * catcher in the rye * buddha of suburbia * animal farm * equal rites ( discworld ), 
  where are you from ? 
  we learned both english and german ( or french , we could choose ) . 
  what 's a standard american ? 
  :p we watch american movies and shows in europe , and they mostly have nyc or la accents i guess ? 
  no idea really , but thick southern accents are not something i 'm familiar with . 
  i watched an appalachian documentary recently and that was pretty hard to understand . 
  i learned english as a kid because i played video games like zelda and other dialogue heavy stuff . 
  but english is mandatory in school from early grades anyway . 
  almost everyone in my country speaks english fairly well . 
  it 's not to be expected that other europeans know a lot of european languages really . 
  we learn either german or french ( or spanish now in recent years ) as a third language but pretty much only people who have been on exchange there know the language well enough to speak it to natives , in my experience . 
  english is used as a lingua franca in europe , but obviously people will be less fluent in larger countries than my small 5 million people strong country . 
  and the original house of cards . 
  i wonder if it being remade in the us was because of a disillusionment with us politics in the period after west wing aired ( such as , i dunno , the handling of the financial crisis ), 
  not eu , but it 's very popular here in norway . 
  not sure if people my age ( 20s ) watch it ironically or seriously , as i do n't watch it myself ( except that last time we won ) , but many watch it . 
  if you like flags : / r/vexillology, 
  does n't look like the worst two-party system around -- a lot of smaller parties are represented in the parliament -- it 's just that there are two major parties that take turns leading a majority government ? 
  not exactly like the situation in the us or anything . 
  if your political views are n't very popular , is n't it actually fair that it 's not represented ? 
  or what do you mean exactly ? 
  are you saying that sverigedemokraterna support the welfare state more than socialdemokraterna ? 
  i 'm interested in hearing more about why you 'd ( reluctantly ) consider voting for df in denmark , sd in sweden and true finns in finland ? 
  are n't they all considered populist right-wing parties ? 
  is it just because you 're opposed to immigration , so much so that you 'll let their other right-wing views pass ( their proposed changes to the welfare model , for example ) ? 
   so now with ops answer we know you were wrong . 
  my original comment was not a statement , it was a question . 
  i 'm glad the answer was `` no '' and that op was merely talking about accents and mannerisms , not race . 
   and regarding your questioning of my comment `` people like you '' , if you check the comment scores , on which side did people bandwagon on ? 
  yours of course , despite there being nothing that suggested op made it a racial issue . 
  that should answer it even better . 
  what is there to bandwagon ? 
  it was a silly and maybe a little funny joke comment that perhaps touched a little on current trends in european subreddits . 
   but yeah , keep going at the current approach , what could go wrong . 
  i have no idea what you mean by this . 
  i will continue to make sarcastic comments on reddit , thank you very much . 
  i will also continue to call out people when i think they 're dragging race into things - exactly the same thing you did in this comment chain , i might add . 
  i think you misunderstood my facetious comment . 
  i was assuming op was one of those people who repeat stuff about `` brown people '' on reddit , and tried to call him out on it . 
  i still do n't understand what op 's question was supposed to be if it was n't meant to be about race , so i 'm afraid i ca n't answer it . 
  i agree with the second paragraph in your comment though . 
  i was pointing out that op made it about race .
