you just invented the new cocaine !, 
  if they had the chance , do n't you think they 'd do it ? 
  that 's quite the eye opener . 
  to find a webshop with a certain product in your country , enter product and `` price '' in your language . 
  what about dmz 's ? 
   i am not eating it because i dont want be fat . 
  if you say that about 50 % of all food , you 're twice as skinny as the average person . 
  assignment : spot the collision . 
   what country is the brain ? 
  i was going to ask another question , but i think i should n't . 
  is it cbfw86 ? 
  i would think something along these lines : http://dutchreview.com/wp-content/uploads/60448_holland-flag.png, 
  the problem is much harder too tackle though . 
  it 's hard to change an entire population . 
  mo money , less problems . 
  true . 
  and there are too ; the `` god hates fags '' signs and such are an example of that . 
  i agree it 's idiotic , those people are morons . 
  more like `` hurray , god '' or something along those lines . 
  i 'm not advocating for them , the opposite , but its the same thing they say in mosque while praying . 
  it 's still in poor taste to go praise your god for the rioting your doing , but they 're to stupid to know and they actually might truly think they 're cause is just and what their god wants . 
  or maybe the pandemic will be contained . 
  it 's the opposite of goddamnit to them basically . 
  but to bring it up is bad timing and afflicts negative associations . 
  an american speaking dutch . 
  you should move to greece then !, 
  greece is bad for you , m ` kay . 
  if you ask for a loan and get it , you ca n't be mad the person lending asks the money back . 
  you ca n't really be mad you got that loan in the first place either . 
  you are people and people should show accountability . 
  however , the lender will probably will have to cut some losses and i predict this will be by case of greece exiting the eu . 
  looted treasure ? 
  priceless . 
  and why would you want to leave anyway ? 
  north america : so much space all around !, 
  plus , the burgers are awesome . 
  we all have in common that we 're european . 
  that 's about it . 
  parties bureau sounds like a place where i would want to work . 
  you really get what you 're paying for . 
  500 is going to get you a crappy run down car , while you probably want to spend at least 1000 on a car that last longer and is a whole lot safer . 
  so everyone is oppressed , but the white man . 
  what happens if the white man is oppressed because of this ? 
  who is the oppressor then ? 
  so she does n't hate black men ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  thank you north korea , for katy perry 's firework . 
  wait , you do n't call your dingdong a tentacle ? 
  yeah , this post is ridiculous . 
  maybe population actually has to shrink a little . 
  or a pealed banana , that makes more sense . 
  still worth it . 
  at least no one died of second hand smoke . 
  kohlen in germany has some excellent meat . 
  i always go to the same place near the water . 
  it 's called hakbrut or something alike ; a big chunk of meat cooked to perfection . 
  haring is delicious . 
  i think it 's an acquired taste though , as a lot of foreigners do n't like it . 
  belches would be running around free to roam the streets !, 
  are you willing to take a pound ? 
  what if it was a bomber announced his attack to the government with demands and a deadline ? 
  erdogan might get away with using that to his advantage this way . 
  i 'm no expert , but it 's a thought that crossed my mind and now i 'm wondering whether i 've seen too much homeland . 
  and according to tv , you can fire arround 42 bullets before you have to reload it . 
  and commits . 
  there will always be douchebags . 
  you just have to balance them out , so it 's best in the middle . 
  i do n't even . . 
  trade some swedish girls for some dutch herring ? 
  yeah , why else would you wear underwear if it did n't protect you against such things ? 
  are you guys seriously debating which guy that stood in front of a tank is more brave ? 
  i lived in a house like that a while back . 
  i contemplated installing a pitched noise generator , that pisses them off and usually drives them away . 
  you might get in trouble for that though . 
  i never have to pay for breakfast again !, 
  gooble gobble , not one of us !, 
  the glass is both half full and half empty . 
  are n't we all a little gouda on the inside ? 
  invest in russia ? 
  they better with all that crappy weed they have . 
  i think they got their good looks from the dutch . 
  i 'm surprised their dutch heritage didnt compensate for the mistreatment . 
  they upped it to 10 euros , but i 'm leeching on someone else 's account anyway . 
  10 euros still seems fair though , 
  yeah , i watched narcos too , really cool serie . 
  currently watching manhattan on netflix and just finished river . 
  i have a lot of spare time . . 
  it shows the problems in the housing projects from both sides , and how it developed over the years . 
  in the show the dealers call the high rises the towers , and they 're controlled by gangs . 
  the whole show is truthful to the actual events , which is pretty cool . 
  the wire is an informative show . 
  they actually live in playhouses ? 
   thrust me i know i felt sorry but then i read this . 
  ~ ~ the weed ~ ~ ~ ~ the hookers ~ ~ ~ ~ the bikes and bikelanes ~ ~ ~ ~ the cheese ~ ~ everything is flat . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  you 're much more awesome than all the other ordinary dutch people . 
  i suggest you move somewhere else if that 's a problem for you . 
  also kind of sad that you have to hide behind a throwaway to start these conversations . 
  you just did , 
  well ai n't you a narcissistic sob .
