  not every european country was a colonial power so the analogy does n't fit . 
   and german is one of the biggest ethnic minorities in the us , sooooo we kinda qualify as very close family aswell yes , you do qualify as close family . 
  but , germany did n't lay the groundwork for the us to be formed . 
  by which i mean the british government colonised north america and were cunts to the colonists , which forced them to fight for their independence . 
   well i think thats because we are like the drunkard dad the u.k , france and spain are like the parents , not the whole of europe . 
  yes , they are . 
  that 's not specific to the u.k. 
  given the choice between spanish , french or german and polish , most people will choose the first three languages . 
  polish is on the english curriculum but the majority of schools wo n't teach it . 
  the only people i knew that did polish were from poland . 
  in primary , they had someone come in and teach them a few classes . 
  in secondary , they had no teaching . 
  they had to do it out of school . 
   they had better learn some maths instead . 
  they do learn maths . 
  perhaps you mean the united kingdom . 
  no , you must be mistaken . 
  that 's not our flag . 
  it 's obviously wales 's flag . 
  you should know if you 're syrian . 
  i do know that was there multiple coups before that . 
  are you saying the french helped with them all ? 
  he came to power through a coup . 
  we 're partly responsible for isis but we did n't tell assad to violently crack down on his people . 
  we did n't cause the syrian civil war . 
  that is all you 're doing . 
   britain relinquished their claim to the malvinas in 1774 . 
  they left it to spain which in turn left it to argentina . 
  that is n't true . 
  we would have to change the name to the united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland and the falkland islands . 
  a nice , long name . 
  they maintained their claim to the islands . 
  the united provinces of the r\u00edo de la plata allowed luis vernet to establish a settlement on the islands but he sought permission from the british as well because of their claim to the islands . 
   it was a part of the spanish colony . 
  the british had a colony on the falkland islands before the spanish established their colony . 
  the spanish then seized the british colony . 
   a bunch of british people moved onto an island they did not own no other country controlled saunders island when the british established their first settlement there . 
   on what basis does argentina claim the islands ? 
  it appears they could n't answer that question . 
  the same can be said for the kelpers . 
  do you care about all the scandals in every other eu country ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  soccer is basically a religion in brazil . 
  my point still stands . 
  the majority of british people had no say in the embassy inviting blair to serbia . 
  he 's not well liked here . 
  read my second comment . 
  tony blair does n't decide anything on our behalf of our country . 
  it 's still not a good reason to specifically mention us and not the eu as a whole . 
  the americans would know that . 
  brilliant . 
  let us have a party in lithuania . 
  why did you specifically mention ` brits ' ? 
   so , what is for you to be european . 
  do you identify with it at all ? 
  europe is made up of many different countries . 
  i only identify as british and english . 
  i also identify with ireland a small bit because my family is from there and i spend a lot of time in the country . 
   like a capital or something . 
  the only capital i have an attachment to is london . 
   and can you people imagine one day to have ( or maybe you already have it ) as primary identity europe and as second , more of an regional identity , the nation ? 
  maybe , but not for a good while yet . 
  most of the people i know do n't have a european identity . 
  they identify with the nation their from or one that they have a connection with . 
  both terms are derived from ancient terms . 
  ` british isles ' was always meant to be a political term used to say that these islands were under british control . 
  the term had a place when that was true but it does n't reflect the current situation . 
  we were just talking about the term ` britain ' . 
  britain is already one because ireland is n't a part of it . 
  british isles is a different term . 
  yes , but i do n't disagree with them . 
  they have different view on the geographical name of these islands than we do . 
  i can respect that . 
  except a lot of people in ireland do n't like that term and i can see why . 
  britain to me is england , wales and scotland . 
  britain is already one . 
  you 'll survive . 
  nope , you can keep them . 
  europe is expanding one country at a time . 
  clear them to where ? 
  we 're not taking them . 
  most of it is in asia . 
  you keep away from the isle of man . 
  they 're our three legged monsters . 
  ah now , i care abut the germans . 
  it 's the french i do n't care about . 
  i do n't trust those danish ones either . 
  they 're up to something . 
  considering the amount of routes they operate from the country , that 's hardly surprising . 
  u wot bruv . 
  bring it on ya dutch cunt . 
  you 'll miss us . 
  they are allowed to do that and it 's not the first time that they have . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure that 's why we learn a language up until the gcse , but after that i do n't see the point . 
  besides , i 'm sure the reason you gave is n't why the universities have it as a requirement . 
  as i 've said , i do n't see the point in that if you 're not doing a course in a language or one which has a language component . 
  here , most universities only require a pass in english at gcse to get in for most courses . 
  yes or at the very least it should at least be compulsory until a certain level . 
  i only had to learn a language up to gcse .
