nope . 
  good for you . 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  no , it 's not . 
   just dislike the russians so you dislike an entire group of people , even though you 've never met the vast majority of them . 
  that 's the same as me saying that i do n't like all argentines because of their invasion of the falkland islands and their current attitude towards it . 
  it 's silly . 
   and hope our relations with georgians can only improve how do you expect relations between georgia and ukraine to improve if you 're making their ex-president a governor in your country , despite him being a controversial figure in georgia ? 
  i suppose it 's more expensive on a friday because that is when a lot of people would be leaving on a weekend break . 
  do n't georgia want to put him in prison ? 
  i think he 's a controversial person there . 
  how is it their loss ? 
  it must be worth it for the airports if they 're going for it . 
  a return flight on ryanair is # 165 . 
  so it 's a good alternative if you do n't mind travelling for a few hours through france . 
  the tickets are going quick for services . 
  it goes up in as you go further into summer . 
  it 's # 199 for a july 31st to august 3rd return trip . 
  the price for a return ticket in around a month is # 179 . 
  it 's not bad considering the length of the journey . 
  one user saying they 'll have to be american soldiers on dutch soil . 
  i 've seen the u.s pre-clearance at shannon and there 's no american soldiers . 
   for me it raises questions about data sharing you 'll have to do these checks when you arrive in the u.s. 
  there 's no difference . 
  people will just be able to do it before the flight , thus saving time when they arrive in the u.s. 
  they already pre-clearance in ireland and there 's no problem . 
   and that 's where things get complicated because the populistic `` send them home '' does n't work anymore . 
  and the idea that we should resettle them all over the eu is n't very popular . 
  so what do we do ? 
  they have different languages . 
   anyone else share my arrogant ignorance ? 
  why do you think very similar ? 
  do n't worry . 
  i know a few people going over to the rally . 
  so there 's some tourists . 
   what makes you think that there are only african people coming to the eu ? 
  i did n't say it was only african people coming to the eu . 
  i was referring to africa because of all the migrants coming from libya . 
   i 'll throw the non-hypocrite rant here could you throw the hypocrite rant as well ? 
  i 'm interested to hear what that is . 
   amnesty international has warned that `` introducing measures to tackle smugglers without providing safe alternative routes out for the people desperate to flee conflict in libya if all the migrants currently in the eu are resettled , i reckon that they 'll be replaced by lots of new migrants within a few months . 
  why ? 
  because people in africa will see that all the migrants who went to the eu have been resettled . 
  so they 'll try their luck . 
  at what point do we say enough ? 
  we ca n't keep taking migrants forever . 
  i do n't believe we are . 
  it 's is n't if there is significant demand for direct flights . 
  greenland is n't a really important country with millions of people . 
  but is there enough people to warrant a direct flight to north america . 
  it makes more sense for people to fly to iceland and then onto greenland . 
  then they could visit both countries in one go . 
  that certainly makes more sense for airlines . 
  and would greenland even have the infrastructure to deal with a lot more tourism ? 
   which is so weird . 
  it 's not . 
  there 's probably no significant demand for flights from the us or canada to greenland . 
  a few people have probably committed suicide in several countries since you commented . 
  so you 're not actually proud to have scotland as a neighbour . 
   was designed to draw attention to the `` widespread hypocrisy in our relationship to animals , '' beating a baby rabbit to death live on air is going to have the opposite affect . 
  australia is n't in the middle of the pacific . 
   so your saying my grandad should n't even though he fought for the country ? 
  that 's a special circumstance . 
   i am british with irish heritage i have no issue with this . 
  so am i. 
  lots of people are . 
  i still do n't think irish citizens from the republic should be treated differently to other eu citizens . 
   also i want to stay in the eu so i welcome the irish to exercise their right under our law to vote how they want . 
  i want to stay in the eu to but a latvian , german or polish citizen should be allowed to have their say in this referendum if an irish citizen from the republic is . 
  they 're all from independent countries . 
   they give us the same right . 
  we ca n't vote in their referendums . 
  so british citizens would n't be allowed to vote in an irish in-out referendum . 
  and that 's why eu citizens are n't going to be allowed to vote in this referendum . 
  new zealand , canada and australia wo n't join the eu . 
  it says that in the article . 
  and that 's why i think we should n't allow irish citizens from the republic to vote in this referendum either . 
  since you want to do this . 
  english  american . 
  the map is not showing whether it is illegal to be gay . 
  i 'd be ecstatic if they disappeared from the world tomorrow . 
  perhaps westminster should force them to let it go to a vote but that 's as far as i think they could go . 
  and ni will have to sort that out themselves . 
  the rest of the u.k is progressing along just fine . 
  besides , if westminster forced them to legalise it , the unionist parties would be complaining about how the rest of the u.k does n't respect their devolved status . 
  northern ireland ? 
  sorry , i 've never heard of it . 
  not while the dup are still popular there . 
  it says we invaded portugal but that was part of a campaign against france in the napoleonic wars . 
  the u.k and portugal were allies . 
  so , i think that counts as helping your allies instead of an invasion . 
   do people outside of the us really not know about atlanta and seattle ? 
  they 're both really huge cities . 
  do you know anything about all 28 countries in the eu ? 
   are ireland and the uk basically the same culture because they both speak english ? 
  but we 're pretty similar in many aspects . 
  that 's mostly due to history . 
  there are differences between different parts of the us but they 're not as great as the differences between most european countries . 
  you are compared to the eu .
