  yeah , i know about the irish requirement . 
  most of my family is from ireland . 
  my mother is a fluent speaker . 
  i think it 's silly to require people to have irish to get into uni . 
  you may hate the language but i 'm sure there 's plenty of people who love it . 
  i think i 'll stay in the u.k then . 
  french at gcse was enough for me . 
  i 've heard that some unis in ireland require a language to get in , even for courses in which a you will not be learning a language . 
  i do n't see the point in that . 
  here , you only need a language if you 're doing a course in a language or a course which requires one . 
  yes . 
  but , as someone else pointed out , universities ignore a-levels in languages that you 're native in . 
  an a-level in a language that you 're already native in does n't mean very much . 
  students should be taking a-levels which are going to get them into courses they want to do in university . 
  the only people in my school who took polish at gcse or a-level were people who were originally from poland or had polish parents . 
  there 's no point keeping a subject if there is very low demand for it . 
   okay , and since you know it , you 'd know that it 's hypocritical as fuck to talk about the ottomans . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i can talk about both the british and ottomans . 
  and , i was n't talking about the ottomans anyway . 
   it does n't even come close to what western imperialists have done in africa , in the americas , in the middle east , in asia , everywhere . 
  yes . 
  you 've made it quite clear that the west is horrible and that you that you do n't like us . 
  good for you . 
  you can stop using whataboutism . 
  i 'm not talking about the kurds . 
  but , get the rage out of you . 
  it 's good for the souls . 
  oh and i 'm fully aware of the u.k 's history . 
  my ancestors were on the receiving end of their imperialism . 
  yeah , it does . 
  london is a big city . 
  i 'm sure there 's racist people here . 
  i 'm not one of them . 
  turkey would know all about illegally occupying another countries ' land . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i 'm a racist . 
  i secretly hate all my friends from other countries and all foreign people in general . 
  '' because i 'm turkish and i despise armenia for some reason . 
  also , my government does n't get along with armenia , so that helps legitimise my hatred for them . 
  finally , there was never a genocide '' . 
  that 's basically it . 
  well i do n't think rhenish is a thing . 
  do you associate it with the rhine in any serious way ? 
   the fact that you have a large authoritarian state with an aggressive foreign policy next door does n't mean your only reasonable way of action is to abandon your pacifict ways and create an army to protect from said nation . 
  yes , but having a strong military is better than not having one in case things go wrong . 
  and were n't these pacifist ways forced on the japanese after ww2 ? 
  japan should have an army if it wants one . 
   japan could , instead of making the current changes , retain their pacifist principles and focus , as a major regional and world power , on diplomatically enforcing their pacifist principles on china and the rest of the region again , were n't these pacifist principles forced on the japanese ? 
  having pacifist principles does n't mean anything when china is your neighbour . 
  and they wo n't be forcing anything on china . 
   does your country use the euro ? 
   what do you think of the euro ? 
  i do n't encounter it much , so not much . 
  but , it seems alright . 
   do you think the euro will still be around 20 years ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't think the u.k will be using it in 20 years . 
  you should n't . 
   i challenge you to find somewhere more beautiful than devon , cornwall or sussex on a sunny day . 
  there 's plenty of places . 
  there 's plenty of evidence to support it . 
  go and find it yourself . 
  and no , that does n't mean there is n't any , before you say it . 
  now , / r/turkey awaits you . 
  i do n't care about convincing you . 
  many more people agree it was a genocide than those who deny it was . 
  now go back to / r/turkey . 
  it was a genocide . 
  again , accept it . 
  a german soldier who was stationed in the ottoman empire during ww1 . 
  he witnessed and documented the armenian genocide . 
   yet you wont use the same scrutiny with armenian sources . 
  i would . 
  but there 's non-armenian sources for the genocide . 
  it happened . 
  accept it . 
  what is your source for that claim ? 
  is it turkish government propaganda ? 
  and the armenians were n't victors . 
  what happened is that a lot more armenians were killed by turks than turks killed by armenians . 
  you seem to be using these photos to justify the armenian genocide . 
  you and many more of your people need to accept that it happened . 
  there is no hiding it . 
  nice of you to use these photos to further your own agenda . 
  ( look at the user 's brief history ) . 
  i 'd wager that you 're a turk who continues to deny that the armenian genocide happened . 
  these photos do n't change what happened . 
  no , it does n't . 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  okay . 
  that 's up to you . 
  i do n't care about what you feel . 
  oh right , it was my comment about you being of low intelligence . 
  oh and you do n't need to make an error in your comment just because i made one . 
  you 're personally insulted by me saying '' some shit irish club '' . 
  hmm , good to know . 
  if that 's the case , i 'd advise you not go to any stadium in the future . 
  yeah .
