  there 's a lot more differences between the u.k and slovenia or finland and portugal than seattle and atlanta . 
  he 's pushing for it to appease people who want a referendum . 
  we 're a democracy after all . 
  a referendum will finally show what the majority of british people want . 
  except that 's not a common mentality in the u.k. 
  most people want to stay in the eu . 
  it 's only a common mentality if you only focus on the anti-eu people , such as farage . 
  am i suppose to like a badly designed flag to show that i want to be a part of the eu ? 
  so you think i want the u.k to leave the eu because i do n't like the our flag being placed in the center of the eu flag . 
  that 's just silly . 
  i 'm sure most people would agree with me . 
  the union jack is fine as it as . 
  i 'd rather just keep our flag as it as . 
  it looks much better than having the center of the flag surrounded by blue . 
  you might want to add the word ` what ' in your sentence . 
  good to know . 
  i 'll get onto the toffs and let them know . 
  it 's to show that anyone can go to them , regardless of their location , religion or their parents occupation . 
  you just need to have a lot of money to go to a public school . 
  so , that rules out most people . 
   thousands that 's nice . 
  get back to us when have at least a few hundred thousand signing the petition . 
  here we go . 
  i have read into it . 
  i 'm pointing out that it was n't a good move . 
  and some the people they killed were n't slavers and were sympathetic to their cause . 
  yes , but it 's more likely to happen under non-democratic countries . 
  and a lot of people suffer or are killed under non-democratic countries . 
  look at the history of europe . 
  it did n't help when haiti 's emperor ordered the massacre of the remaining white population . 
  that 's a great way to maintain relations with other countries . 
  we 'll be having an eu in-out referendum . 
   i am also not thrilled than people look at a blue cross on silver field and associate it with finland people associate a blue cross on white with finland because that 's their current flag . 
  you could complain if portugal also had a similar flag . 
   especially considering that we ( presumably ) had that design in the 12th century and finland adopted it in the 20th century it does n't matter if you had it first . 
  as i am . 
  but , in all seriousness , stay away from rockall . 
  shetland is more relevant than the faroe islands . 
  sorry , i 'm just being harsh now . 
  sorry , who are you ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  you have n't stated the truth though . 
  the liberal democrats do n't have a total lack of ideology and principle . 
  read their manifesto and you 'll know what they stand for . 
  in this election , they communicated what they stood for poorly . 
  their needs to be party between the tories and labour . 
  i 'm not going to ignore their views . 
  the liberal democrats did a decent job in government . 
  they implemented some of their own manifesto and stopped the tories from implementing some of their policies it was the issue of tuition fees that let them down . 
  i hope they bounce back from this election . 
  i like having a party that holds the center ground between labour and the tories . 
  that is a load of nonsense . 
  just like i do n't care about the elections of every other eu country . 
   the uk will leave the european union why do so many people say this ? 
  there is still lots of support for the eu in the u.k. 
  yes . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg ) is the generally accepted definition of europe . 
  part of russia and turkey are in europe . 
  i could n't possibly comment on western asian arrogance . 
  the us were never part of the commonwealth . 
   what about greenland , that 's pretty european is it ? 
  other than being a part of the kingdom of denmark , what makes it european ? 
  approximately 89 % of greenland 's population is inuit . 
  i doubt they would call themselves european . 
  no , it 's not . 
  they both form eurasia . 
  neither will your words change the border to include cyprus . 
  i do n't care that much about it anyway . 
  good to know . 
   euroasian we 're all eurasian . 
  a criteria that is obviously ignored . 
  new zealand can take their place . 
  you do n't need to explain to me why it makes more sense for cyprus in the eu . 
  my point is that a country does n't have to be in the europe in order to join the eu . 
  neither is cyprus . 
  oh i know . 
  i 've just spent the last half hour discussing the falkland islands with an argentine . 
  his argument for us giving them the islands is that the the british committed a lot of bad all over the world . 
  we ca n't talk while a statue of cromwell still stands outside parliament . 
  he was colossal cunt . 
  you can not make that conclusion from this map . 
  nope , sorry . 
  it was n't enough of a clue . 
  i 'm completely ignorant about the history of my country . 
  i 'm not ignorant of the other countries in the u.k. 
  i suppose you 're an expert on the u.k ? 
  and what a brilliant parliament it is . 
  gallon is n't a unit specifically for empires . 
  the us has their own version and other countries use it as well . 
  the map is also using dollars so its probably an american version , hence why gallon is used . 
   the uk is made up of the kingdoms of england & wales , scotland and ireland all of those kingdoms were united into one kindom . 
  there 's a reason why it is called the united kingdom . 
   ireland ( which today only extends to the 6 counties which make up northern ireland ) . 
  why did n't you just say northern ireland ? 
  the kingdom of ireland has n't existed since 1800 . 
  it is but it left its mark on the world . 
  it 's an imperial unit . 
  so i wonder did they ever find out what it was . 
   and all of them have done a lot of horrible things to the world during colonial times ? 
  so the analogy fits , no ?
