  that does n't seem like a fit , unless you want to decrease range even further and accept having less systems/weapons on board . 
  nuclear would be france or the uk , a big diesel-electric will have to wait what the netherlands decides to do for replacement ( 2025 ) , home build , or partnership with sweden/norway . 
   also austria . 
  austria does participate in the three seas initiative , so they 're pretty fluid at best , and have shown interest in lng deliveries from the us . 
   on 27 february 2014 the swedish defence materiel administration ( fmv ) cancelled its plans for ordering the a26 submarine from kockums . 
  according to fmv the new kockum owner , the german company thyssen krupp has refused to allow sweden to share the cost with any other nation , making the submarine too expensive . 
  sweden has instead approached saab . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] saab plans to rehire many of kockums submarine engineers if they receive orders for a new submarine . 
  [ 27 ] [ 28 ] as a result , saab recruited top people from kockums and issued a press release that the company was seeking employees for its naval division . 
  in a letter to the swedish defence materiel administration , fmv , the head of the german thyssenkrupp marine division , dr. hans atzpodien begs fmv to stop saab from recruiting key personnel from kockums . 
  on 2 april 2014 the swedish government officially terminated all talks about a deal with the thyssenkrupp . 
  [ 29 ]  on 14 april 2014 about 200 employees had left thyssen krupp for saab and it was reported that saab and thyssen krupp had started to negotiate about selling kockums . 
  [ 30 ] in june 2014 thyssen krupp agreed to sell kockums to saab . 
  [ 31 ] til , good on them . 
  i think they 're too small for the japanese navy though , they need to work with greater distances than european countries are use to . 
  which means they 'll either go nuclear , or opt for something the netherlands has , which are nearly twice as large as the german and swedish subs . 
  that 's because our politicians have not taken a stance on it . 
  we were involved in the beginning of ns2 ( 2011/2012 ) because we wanted to become a european gas hub . 
  then 2 things happened , firstly the earth quakes . 
  the netherlands has the largest domestic gas reserves in the eu ( only norway has more gas then we do , but they 're not eu ) , and is a net exporter of gas . 
  because we have been pumping up vast amounts of gas since the 1960s the ground is caving in , causing daily earth quakes and widespread property damage . 
  now we 're reducing our gas production with 50 % ( about the total amount of net gas exports , meaning we will soon produce as much as we consume ) and then mh17 happened . 
  since then people are against russian gas being used to honor existing export contracts while not producing the gas ourselves . 
  so we 're reducing our consumption . 
  the coal plants aren ; t yet shut down , and new homes no longer have a mandatory gas input , other ways of heating are employed ( condensation , and earth warmth installations ) all in all the importance of ns2 has fallen , and the public is very hostile to russian gas . 
  so we 're not going to support ns2 when it comes to a clash . 
  also italy is against ns2 , and spain/portugal have no skin in the game , just like scandinavia . 
  so it is really germany , france and belgium against everybody else basically . 
   this will drive another wedge between cee and the rest of the eu . 
  frankly this behaviour is a new low . 
  it 's totally disgusting . 
  the ` rest of the eu ' is not a single block . 
  the eu may have forgotten , but we still remember mh17 . 
  are n't you forgetting shell ? 
  regardless , the politicians of said countries are not vocal on the matter . 
  they will not vouch for ns2 if it leads to a european conflict . 
   the nord stream ii violates no eu law : http://www.euractiv.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2017/03/commission-on-nord-stream-2.pdf  it violates eu law , people are just questioning wether it falls under eu jurisdiction as long as it does n't touch germany 's shores . 
   says clearly why the us does this sec . 
  ukranian energy security ... . ( 10 ) that the united states government should prioritize the export of united states energy re-sources in order to create american jobs , ** help united states allies and partners ** , and strengthen united states foreign policy . 
  that has never been questioned . 
   time to fight back , we should starting to sanctions the usa over e.g the dakota pipeline to save the native americans :p if germany wants to sanction the us , go ahead . 
   the commission agrees with germany on that and it is very unlikely that the ecj or any other authority will say that this is inaccurate . 
   the commission is trying to circumvent that ;  while any on-shore pipeline to transport the gas coming through nord stream 2 in europe would have to be in full compliance with the eu energy rules under the so-called third internal energy market legislative package , the off-shore section of the pipeline is in a specific situation given that part of it , including its only entry point lies outside the eu jurisdiction . 
  therefore the commission asks the council of ministers for a mandate to negotiate a special legal framework , which would take into account fundamental principles stemming from international and eu energy law . 
   these principles include :  transparency in pipeline operation ,  non-discriminatory tariff-setting ,  an appropriate level of non-discriminatory third party access  and a degree of separation between activities of supply and transmission . 
  it seems nord stream 2 , if it will not be stopped , and if the commission can not get the mandate to act in the eu 's interest , will end somewhere in the sea , and there 's where the real legal challenge starts . 
  so how do you explain that hungary recently stepped back from opposing it due to a lucrative deal with gazprom ? 
  the main reason for these countries to oppose it is that they fear for financial loss . 
  it has nothing to do with financial losses . 
  hungary did not stop opposing it , it was forced to cut a deal with gazprom for a pipeline from russia-turkey-bulgaria-romania , as the alternative to south stream to avoid having to get gas through germany . 
  [ src ] ( http://www.worldoil.com/news/2017/7/7/hungary-commits-to-russia-gas-route-as-poland-looks-to-us ) only now with turkey also between it , instead of going directly through bulgaria . 
  it is going exactly as putin plans , the energy union can hereby pretty much be declared dead . 
  our last hope is on the us , which is luckily going to supply poland , austria and the baltics with gas , reinforcing us influence in the region , but the eu itself will be left irreparably divided after this . 
   but then who will eat the cats ? 
  the chinese . 
   eu has no jurisdiction on the offshore part . 
  germany indeed argues that only russia has jurisdiction on the offshore part , but it is questionable wether that will stand , and even if , the pipeline is going to hit shore . 
   if it was illegal poland and other transit fee hungry countries could fight it in court . 
  this has nothing to do with transit fees . 
  indeed , the eu has expressed thier concerns over it ;  the commission seeks to ensure that , if built , nord stream 2 operates in a transparent and non-discriminatory way with an appropriate degree of regulatory oversight , in line with key principles of international and eu energy law . 
   the vice-president for energy union maro\u0161 \u0160ef\u010dovi\u010d said : `` creating a well-diversified and competitive gas market is a priority of the eu 's energy security and energy union strategy . 
  as we have stated already several times , nord stream 2 does not contribute to the energy union 's objectives . 
  if the pipeline is nevertheless built , the least we have to do is to make sure that it will be operated in a transparent manner and in line with the main eu energy market rules . '', 
   commissioner for climate action and energy miguel arias ca\u00f1ete said : `` as any other infrastructure project in the eu , nord stream 2 can not and should not operate in a legal void or according to a third country 's energy laws only . 
  we are seeking to obtain a council mandate to negotiate with russia a specific regime which will apply key principles of eu energy law to nord stream 2 to preserve the functioning of the european internal energy market '' . 
  so you 're deciding who is a european now too ? 
  dial back on that arrogance of yours a bit if you will . 
  and again your interests are not the european interest , in fact your interests contradict european interests . 
  if nobody is going to step up for that , then it is very much in the european interest for the us to step up for that . 
   as the guarantor of european security , it very much the us 's business . 
   nope . 
  yes . 
   hence why it is up to the eu to watch over this . 
  theoretically it is , but if it fails the us should watch over it . 
   i do n't `` blame '' anyone . 
  it 's just plain wrong to claim that germany would be the only country benefitting here . 
  do tell who will be benefiting here ? 
  a ukraine without gas ? 
  a poland with higher gas prices ? 
  a nuclear france ? 
  italy and the balkans without south stream ? 
  eastern europe with gas prices depending on their compliance to putins ' ambitions ? 
  the list of countries benefitting here is very short indeed . 
   we 're talking about ideological concepts and the names given to those concepts . 
   no we 're talking about the flawed definition you quoted . 
   `` opposition '' is not useful because it can potentially apply to anyone . 
  that 's why it 's a better fit to your quoted definition , as it can apply to anyone . 
   none of this is the business of the us . 
  as the guarantor of european security , it very much the us 's business . 
   it is not up to the us to decide what harms european interests , nor is it up to germany to decide what these interests are , and when they are harmed . 
   and it is n't like the us would be taking these actions for this reason in the first place . 
  sure the ulterior motives . 
  even if they had those , the position they take is still commendable . 
   and no , there are several european countries involved here , not just germany . 
  the whole project revolves around germany . 
  do n't blame foreign companies participating in it . 
   i do find it amusing that nordstream & russia sanctions seem to be the one thing that really triggers juncker to start threatening america . 
  lol wtf ? 
  it 's even more amusing if you consider nord stream ii violates eu law ( the transportation network may not be owned by the producer , gazprom has a 51 % share in ns2 ) and also contradicts the foreign policy the commission set out on energy security and diversification . 
  the eu commission started an infringement procedure against bulgaria in 2014 because gazprom had a majority share in south stream .
