  it 's all fine now though . 
   if us actions directly harm eu/european interests . 
  nord stream ii harms eu/european interests . 
  us sanctions would be in line with the eu policy on energy security and diversification . 
  what you mean to say is that it hurts german interests , and that you actually do n't see these to be separate of eu/european interests . 
  that 's quite an arrogant position to take . 
  let 's hope the us follows through , nord stream 2 should be stopped . 
   so when you hear `` authoritarian-populism '' , you really do not get more information than if you just hear `` opposition '' ? 
  i do , but the quote does n't . 
  that 's what we 're talking about after all . 
   that 's very odd . 
  the first one literally points to a political concept in its name , and it 's just as meaningful to you as one that does n't ? 
  of the 6 divisions only 3 are directly related to ` authoritarian populism ' . 
  one ( 4 ) ) isn ; t even related to opposition , the ` strong state ' with nationalized banks , surveillance , larger stronger police forces , military intervention etc. 
  are part of the european concensus model . 
  another ( 3 ) ) has no relevance whatsoever , and number 5 ) can be anything . 
  i have , it merely focusses on dividing the group selected by the definition in the first sentence . 
  and these divisions are about as vague as the initial categorisation . 
   `` authoritarian-populism '' can , at least , stand on its own . 
  not with that definition . 
   `` opposition '' gives you no information if it is n't used in relation to something else . 
  neither does the definition you quoted , which is why it 's closer to opposition than to ` authoritarian populism ' . 
   in the report , the term authoritarian populism is used as a collective word for the parties that challenge the so-called european consensus that has dominated the continent 's politics since the end of world war ii . 
  one could also just call it opposition . 
  and the next ;  `` given that the uk has voted to leave the eu , ireland should also leave the eu '' hardly an impartial question . 
   in 1366 , again in 1391 . 
  jea but on the antilles they also speak english and some papiaments . 
  surinaams is really dutch , the antilles have several languages , and on some of the islands ( like aruba ) dutch is n't widely spoken , especially not as a ` native ' language . 
  or surinaams . 
  you sure are a fickle being are n't you ? 
   why would one be bothered to learn dutch you would have to ask the 5 million secondary speakers . 
   and voluntarily hurt their throat though ? 
  for a more structured grammar , go east . 
  god no . 
  talk about hurting your throat , speaking german is done with consumption and conviction , one nearly has the tendency to salute with it . 
   for the language we almost speak as natives , go west . 
  not by a long shot . 
  the majority of people speak good english compared to other countries , but it 's nowhere near ` native ' . 
   i 'm actually interested in the idea that romanians are somewhat different than any other people in the world they are . 
  you can always try to travel and experience it for yourself . 
  if your anecdotal evidence is different then it seems we have a different view on matters . 
  i disagree on that account as well . 
  having visited much of europe , culture is very much a thing . 
  and then i mean in terms of verbal and non-verbal communication and posture . 
  the romanians i met were very helpful , friendly and cheerful people , always offering to help , even offering produce from their farms . 
  in poland for example that 's completely different , the cashier will look at you as if you just murdered his/her mother . 
  they do n't mean anything by it , but that 's just the norm . 
  i disagree , romanians are great people . 
  yes n.v. is a dutch legal definition . 
  ( nameless proprietorship , translated ), 
  you mean i have to choose between ultra nationalists and them ? 
  in that case the country is doomed either way . 
   [ hoofdkantoor amsterdam ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiat_chrysler_automobiles ) seems to be amsterdam . 
  they 're mostly indirectly elected . 
  also half the guardian council is appointed by parliament , just like about half the european council . 
  not by germany . 
  na , he must consider his revolving door as well . 
  his retirement function at edeca was stopped , he would probably want a cushy position like schr\u00f6der now has . 
  phasing out nuclear power is what stopped germany . 
  do n't know about the rest . 
  you ca n't really ban swift anyway , swift is from the benelux . 
  the us has their own data centers in the us , the eu has their own in switzerland , the rest goes through the netherlands , and the company is headquartered in belgium . 
  well not every , our beaches and sunny weather surely attract a lot though . 
   fiat chrysler automobiles nv is 100 % european company with headquarters in turin italy . 
   are n't the headquarters in amsterdam ? 
  i do n't know , german companies do n't buy a lot in western europe , i do know american buyouts are often quite toxic as well . 
  akzonobel is a nice recent example which has a vulture on it checking for life signs . 
  that 's not what i said , is it . 
  that depends . 
  i do n't think barriers are good , but i do n't think limitless buyouts , especially those from vulture funds/companies , are good either . 
  china is n't really in a position to complain about such measures , given that china pretty much allows no foreign buyouts at all . 
  if it would first be targetted at germany , which has 144 infringement cases . 
   arab spring started with ` native pro-democratic ' uprisings that was the arab spring in the west . 
  in the arab world , the arab spring was mostly about religious uprisings and a return to piety . 
  the problem is not appointing them , the problem is the ability to remove them . 
  in the netherlands judges are appointed by the king . 
  they can not be removed however , in theory the nomination is for a life time . 
  ( but recently age limits have sort of been set ), 
  the source is a un report from + / - 2010 . 
   the council can only nominate a candidate indicated by the parliamentary group that wins the elections . 
   the council can nominate any candidate it wants . 
  the ` taking into account the election outcome ' as noted in the tfeu is a guideline . 
  the european parliament ca n't be compared to iran 's guardian council . 
  the european council is the equivelant . 
  the people of iran choose between the nominated candidates , and the ep endorses the nominee of the european council . 
  so the ep can be compared to the iranian electorate in this context . 
  just like you can also have a state monopoly and a free market . 
  generally people advocating for a free market are not very supportive of state monopolies , nor a gold standard/euro for certain economies . 
   false and false . 
  false . 
  the council nominates a candidate the parliament only endorses it . 
  there 's not a single european democracy that works like this . 
  this would be a kin to the mayors of the netherlands nominating the pm . 
  as i mentioned it is roughly the same as the iranian system , that 's the only system that comes close to it as far i 'm aware . 
   do you know how can i separate two quotes ???? 
   add these ( -- ) in between the quotes with a blank rule above and below . 
  then you get this ;  first quote -----  second quote, 
   i think that the term ` countries of the eu ' also had a negative impact on the poll . 
  noticed that too , seems to be a tainted question . 
  lowest minimum wage us ; texas , winsconsin , north dakota ; $ 7,25 per hour .
