  it 's just as it is , spain is a member , and catalonia is n't . 
  a disputed territory can not join the eu . 
  they can remain in the eu under spain , so just like with the british , it is their own choice . 
  to be honest that was a text book response from spain . 
  resolved instantly without a single casualty , we could only wish all disputes end like that . 
   so nothing to worry about ...  there is actually , while there is a defined process to join the eu , catalonia can not start it . 
  it would be impossible for catalonia to become a member of the eu , because that would require unanimous support of all members , which there is n't . 
  most important thing is that we 're honest upfront , an independent catalonia will not be part of the eu . 
  wether they want independence is not up to the eu , but wether they would be in the eu * is * . 
  my understanding is that catalonians are naive on the matter , and they think threats will help them get in , a terrible strategy to say the least for a potential disputed territory which is smaller than belgium . 
  perhaps they could form their own union with northern cyprus and kosovo though . 
   what do you even have to complain about regarding your rights ? 
  they 're sitting on top the richest natural region of spain , and think they own those resources more than the rest of the spanish do . 
  so they wish not to share these resources . 
   flanders was never part of the dutch republic . 
   we were never able to liberate it from the spanish , they managed to retake belgium , most specifically antwerpen and brabant in -1585 after conquering the rest in 1583-1584 . 
  you could say flanders was part of the republic in 1583 though , although the republic de facto did n't exist until 1586 and de jure 1648 . 
  who does n't want anchor babies and more illegal migrants travelling in shoddy crafts high in their pregnancy . 
  these negotiations should obviously be terminated , but even while they are n't , turkey is never joining the eu . 
  just leave this base as well , and do n't station any troops or equipment in turkey anymore . 
  jup , netherlands and turkey have no diplomatic relations anymore at the moment . 
  but luckily we were smart enough to seek better allies in the region , and not a fuck was given to their petty tantrums . 
  it 's tornados , those flying machines , not these wind thingies . 
  pretty sure the perpetuum mobile is a better alternative . 
  the royal airforce has 141 eurofighters , 8 f-35 's and 81 tornados , compared to 125 eurofighters and 85 tornados of germany . 
  that 's about as close as it gets though , all other airframes are significantly in british favour . 
  you would never be expelled from the eu , you would merely leave it on your own account if you would acquire a legal independence . 
  however seeing as it would n't be recognized due to it being illegal , you would probably remain in the eu , and your ` government ' would have no contacts with other eu states , your laws would not apply , your authorities not recognized , you would not have representation ( except under spain ) , etc. 
  as far as i understood , his idea of the ` threats ' was that it would turn aside a spanish veto . 
  however the problem is that you ca n't support the accession of a state you do not recognize exists . 
  and there 's no way these states would suddenly recognize catalonia when threatened that ` spanish debt to gdp would go to 120 % ! ' . 
  for a state to join the eu , it must have unanimous approval . 
  one country can veto the accession of a state . 
  and as such also an internal affair for the eu . 
  not to bust your bubble , but the rest of the eu would n't even recognize your statehood . 
  if i recall correctly spain has laws with regards to independence of regions , laws catalonia refuses to follow because the national referendum would certainly not be in favour of independence . 
  wether you 're going to be independent or not is n't really a question for us in the eu , but your independence would surely be outside the eu . 
   f spain does n't accept catalonia joining to the eu , then catalonia is not going to accept paying any euro of spain 's massive unpayable debt . 
  in return spain would not give its assets ( roads , buildings , electricity/water/gas infrastructure , airfields , ports etc. ), 
  to catalonia , and the military will take over while madrid forms a provisional government for catalonia . 
  the uk would n't veto scottish accession , while spain would veto catalonian accession , even worse , many ( probably most ) eu states would n't even recognize catalonia 's independence because it would be illegal , unlike scotland . 
  what say you there to me ? 
  actually the tornado is going to be phased out in the uk . 
  so the uk will have 2 types of fighter aircraft , but the uk airforce is also bigger than the german one , and obviously needs a second fighter as the eurofighter is n't navalized , unlike the rafale . 
  i 'm sure it could , but you would need to order a couple of dozen additional eurofighters in that case for service until 2040 or something , and replace it with a single airframe jointly with france . 
  erdogan , is that you ? 
   it 's kinda sad to think about how much stronger europe would be on the global stage if they did n't knock each other out in two world wars . 
   we would n't have the eu , nato , eurozone , or schengen if it were n't for the wars . 
  europe would be a lot more divided without these wars . 
  pretty ironic . 
  it 's odd to retain different aircraft platforms with the current number in use as well . 
  maybe they 'll replace all of them with one new airframe , instead of keeping 2 for different operations . 
  besides , is n't the mirage limited to a nuclear only role these days ? 
  the rafale is a much wider platform than the eurofighter . 
  there 's not enough demand to create a new european jet from scratch . 
  with the current budgets you would be looking at some 250 planes maybe . 
  the tornado was pretty succesful at 1000 units produced , but these were different times . 
   but the eu does recognize cyprus and the south government , no ? 
  maybe i dont get what u are saying . 
  that the whole of the eu is silent on the matter of one of its members being unfairly harrassed and stripped of its sovereign rights . 
  italy is getting the f-35 . 
  the italian tornado 's will slowly be withdrawn from service in the next years . 
  i suppose the germans should just buy the italian and british tornado 's , for parts , reserve and training of their fleet . 
  not at all . 
  they 've basically made it clear that they do not recognize cypriot authorities , so with cyprus being a non-existent state , they do n't think they have the right to an eez , and by extension drilling for gas/oil in one . 
  naturally the eu is fine with having a memberstate that does n't exist and which thus has no rights . 
  they do n't have a replacement for their tornado yet . 
  the aircraft mentioned in the article will replace the rafale and eurofighter . 
  what germany is going to do with their tornado 's , only god knows . 
  though i suppose they could just keep using them , i mean croatia still uses mig-21 's right ? 
  for every kg of a conventional proppellant you would need 3 kg 's of fuel to achieve * the same * energy to discharge a projectile from a railgun . 
  unless they 're going to fit a nuclear reactor or some extremely efficient solar panels which will leave the tank and its surroundings invisible no doubt , this is just a pipe dream . 
  a modern tank gun already goes up to mach 3 . 
  you would at least need to best that for it to be of use . 
  the f-35 is replacing the tornado . 
  search for trouble . 
  ` erwachene up and smell the ashes ', 
  it 's been getting better , and there 's been talking about outlawing private use and ownership of fireworks , to replace it with firework shows organized by the ( local ) governments . 
  for now though , there 's just a few zones which are firework free . 
  last years nye 482 people ended up in hospital for firework related harm . 
  on a population of 17 million , that 's quite a lot ( too much to be honest ) a lot of the firework around is highly illegal , and quite capable of blowing things up . 
  so you 'll see trashcans , sewer lids , street lighting and mail boxes blown to bits here and there . 
  the eurofighter is n't used as a strike fighter . 
  in fact it has very little ground attack weaponry * at all * . 
  recently it recieved some things ( like the brimstone ) but they have the panavia tornado for this . 
  the eurofighter is basically an air superiority fighter . 
  ( and will remain being used as such , especially with the uk getting the f-35 , a strike fighter ), 
  a ` borrel ' is a joyful expression of having an alcoholic beverage , a ` hap ' is a bite . 
  drinking is also just ` drinken ' in dutch , but that can be anything , including a municipal beer . 
  the us embassy normally pushes out a warning to its citizens for nye here . 
  fireworks can be used by anyone above 16 , and every year there are a couple dozen more without a hand , fingers or eyes , not necessarily those that threw it . 
  just a word of caution . 
  the airforce is not some sort of separate army , it is needed for the other forces to function as well . 
  it wo n't work . 
  you 're better of diverting a specific airgroup to the baltics ( as it currently already is ) than having a common airforce . 
  the army is not a parliament or some political game where you can bicker and argue with fancy words and not come up with anything useful for 3 years . 
  politics and military are best kept separated . 
   potentially amsterdam ( seems like it would be craaaazy on nye - any insight here ? ), 
  can you handle the fireworks ? 
  if you 're american , your embassy will have said some words about it .
