   gazprom is a state-owned russian company . 
  germany argues that because it is an offshore pipeline as opposed to the onshore-but-in-the-sea south stream , the pipeline can violate eu law . 
  germany argues nord stream ii is only susceptible to russian law . 
  the european commission is not happy about that , and tries to get a mandate to circumvent that , but needs support of the council to do so . 
   breaking things is easier than building them . 
   we were n't talking about it being easier , you specifically said they had no right to interfere in rebuilding . 
   because ? 
  because civil war and divided country , failed state , crisis , violence , weapon shipments , radicalist hotbed , europe overrun . 
   and that 's yet another reason why we should n't deal with dictators , they go rogue and then we have to reel them in by war . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  in my opinion , when you do not want to be part of the solution , you should just stay on the sides . 
   plenty of candidates that go to europe spend time as guest laborer in libya , actually . 
  so if libya is a more attractive place to stay , fewer will feel the need to continue their journey . 
  very few in the scheme of things . 
  you consider a country 's energy supply a problem ? 
  never mind , i do n't even want to hear it . 
   the goal in libya was to prevent a syrian situation where the strongman would grind down civil society in a continuing war . 
  it was n't . 
  the goal in libya was for france to get rid of a former political ally to cover up its tracks . 
  they even got to ghadafi with the help of assad . 
  with the intel of his sat phone from syria , the french could bomb his convoy and kill him . 
  ultimately the whole operation was n't anything more than a targetted execution of one man . 
   but it 's not really in the power of individual countries - or even the eu or usa - to impose a solution . 
  if that is not in our power , then neither should the removal of the previous govenment have been . 
   distantly supporting promising developments is the best we can do , it 's the worst we can do . 
   ultimately they have to do it themselves or they will be dependent on our support forever . 
  right , except when their government needs removing . 
   if you mean that we should appoint a dictator to do our dirty work in controlling streams , i disagree . 
  dictatorships make people want to leave and to europe . 
  in addition , they are unreliable . 
  libya has 5 million people . 
  if the libyans were the problem in this crisis , the country would have been devoid of human habitation by now . 
  [ 97 % ] ( http://www.greenpeace.nl/global/nederland/2014/persberichten/bijlage%20tns%20nipo.pdf ) of the dutch want to reduce gas imports from russia , 3 % do not . 
  gas suppliers have even been complaing that their customers call them often asking wether they use russia gas , and seeing wether they can change supplier if they do . 
  i think that 's a good answer . 
  oh come on , do n't be that sensitive . 
  bypassing ukraine does n't change the source . 
  there , there it was just a light hearted joke . 
  your threats are not very convincing though . 
   the question is not who publicly supported the project but who publicly opposes the project . 
   no support is not in favour . 
   royal dutch shell and omv are involved in the project . 
  we 're not germany , our multinationals are not ministers and all that . 
   austria owns 31.5 % of omv . 
  does the dutch royal family still hold 25 % of shell ? 
  no , it 's sub 4,8 % , the ` royal ' seal has nothing to do with ownership by the way . 
   what 's tsi ? 
  three seas initiative . 
   so why should austria vote against nord stream 2 if they risk that germany votes against turkish stream respectively tesla ? 
  because without nord stream there 's no need for turkish stream . 
   a central authority . 
  a central authority that already knew vw cheated , did n't do anything about it , and when somebody else discovered it , still did n't do anything . 
  i do n't know about that either , it pretty infuriating for me . 
  i ca n't speak for others , but if it was up to me , all vw models with a cheat device would have their licenses revoked immediately and declared unfit for the public road , all owners of such cars will have right to 100 % return of all costs and purchasing price from vw/vag . 
  and let that serve as a lesson to fellow manufacturers , and consumers for that matter , because that leaves an impression . 
  it seems this is all okay in the 21st century europe though . 
  unless it 's about google or microsoft or some other american company of course , than the european commission has plenty of fines up their sleeve . 
   now i know a lot of that has to do with no central eu enforcement body , it has more to do with the origin of the company . 
   but i do n't understand how national legislation did n't include penalties . 
  they no doubt do , they 're not applied to friends though . 
  only in the us . 
  we know what you want . 
  question is wether you 're getting what you want , and what will be done in retaliation . 
   how did germany force that choice on them ? 
   seriously ? 
  you 're going to ask that again ? 
  try reading , it may suit you . 
  i do n't recall any political support from the netherlands . 
  austria is supportive of the tsi . 
  so france and germany ? 
  hardly a majority . 
   but particulates are even more dangerous than chlorinated chicken , which people are willing to pay more to avoid . 
  i understand your point , however the chlorinated chicken debate is not about it being unhealthy for you to eat , but rather the ` farm to fork ' policy . 
  basically a supply chain which ends in a chlorine bath can do whatever the hell it wants , while a supply chain that does n't , must work clean and efficient . 
  that would probably face a lot of backlash . 
  basically all employees who drive a lot get a diesel car from their employer . 
  trucks are tested in the lab under real conditions , including full load , hot , warm etc. , and the agencies do routine testing on the road . 
  a company would n't want to buy a truck that 's compounded on a routine check . 
  wether this explains all i do n't know , it is true that with diesel , the bigger the engine the better . 
  so car diesels , especially modern 1400-1700cc ones , are pushing it , and likely lpg/petrol would be better . 
  but diesel is subsidized , so everybody who makes a lot of miles wants a diesel , because you pay less taxes on fuel . 
  / u/bloodysneeze trucks conform to the emission standards , because they 're tested under real life conditions . 
  recent [ research ] ( https://www.trouw.nl/groen/nieuwe-dieselauto-s-veel-vervuilender-dan-moderne-trucks-en-bussen~a6c3ce76/ ) has stipulated that again . 
  it 's different then private cars , because trucks can actually be pulled over from the road and the emissions tested . 
  also interesting is that euro6 diesel engines in cars emit 250 % as much nitrogenoxide as a cargo truck . 
  ( a truck emits about 210 miligram per km , a euro6 diesel 500 miligrams per km ) euro6 norm is 80 miligrams . 
  yes , and jeep is what i recall . 
   that is true for us standards , but i believe after vw got found out , labs tested other euro spec cars , and they basically all failed . 
  all us cars failed as well . 
  these were ` real tests ' though , they showed not a single car currently on sale actually conforms to emission standards . 
  however these manufacturers did not violate the rules with regards to testing , only vw did . 
  ( for as far as we know now ) the testing is just flawed . 
  i 'm talking about other potential pipelines which have been proposed , and which some countries ( israel particularly ) are working to achieve , but which the eu apparently does not want . 
  russia would n't survive italy as an ally , we all know what happened to the germans . 
   so germany importing russian gas = bad , but hungary importing russian gas = necessity ? 
   as i said , it was either no gas or german gas . 
  a necessary choice they were forced to make because of germany . 
  it could be competitive with cypriot , israeli , kazakhstani , libyan , and egyptian gas . 
   and just a few weeks ago hungary made it 's own gas pipeline deal with russia . 
  they do n't really have a choice .
