   and , of course , eritrea does n't have the infrastructure to actually enforce its global taxation by citizenship . 
  and yet they collect taxes from their half-citizens in nl . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/actueel/nieuws/2016/08/23/koenders-uit-zorgen-over-belastingheffing-door-ambassade-eritrea )  regarding conscription , this is n't a big deal , unless the person with the dual citizenship chooses to become resident in their other country of citizenship . 
  it is a big deal , since turkey , the biggest group of double passport holders , does not make these exceptions . 
  dutch turks need to serve , or alternatively , they can pay a sum ( 1000 euro i believe ) to turkey and only take a 21 day military course . 
   i do n't know why people here are excusing the netherlands and its backwards policy . 
  ah the ` i 'm so progressive , anything else must be backwards ' type of abusive narcissist . 
   so according to you , the problem there were dual citizens of course . 
   and not rutte and erdogan using each other for a boost in their own election campaigns ? 
  ah you 're one of those . 
   anyway , without dual citizenship , all of these people you 're talking about would n't be dutch , but turkish expats in nl , as the nl ca n't stop another country from considering someone a citizen . 
  that 's one of the advantages of having a single passport . 
   voting , campaigning , no turkish passports , no votes , no campaigning . 
  same for other countries . 
   the soviet authorities attempted to portray the offensive as a civil war but there was a lack of estonian communists in the ranks of the occupation army and the so-called estonian rifle regiments were in fact composed of russians and other nationalities . 
  some people just never change . 
  if it 's a dutch car , www.rdw.nl -  insert license plate and search for ` gestolen - ja/nee ' . 
  a real world example has been all over the news recently in case you have n't noticed , it 's the reason we do n't have an ambassador in turkey anymore . 
  voting , campaigning , taxation , military service , visa 's , privacy , conflicting laws just to name a few . 
   what would have stopped germany from using the money that was used to bail-out greece to bail-out the german banks directly ? 
   that money was n't from germany , only a portion of it . 
  first issue would be wether the imf and the eu would agree to bail you out , second would be that you needed more money , as letting the crisis spiral further would 've made it more expensive . 
   same in france , italy , spain , the netherlands and so on . 
  heck , we could have created the same institutions that bailed out greece to bail the core economies out directly . 
  france had the most exposure , i know we could n't bail out our banks in that case , and our financial position was better than germany . 
  bailing out our own banks cost us 100 billion euro , i could n't even imagine what the contagion would 've cost . 
  far beyond our borrowing capacity ( that 100 billion was pushing it , as we got downgraded ), 
   deutsche bank total assets : 1.700 billion total assets are 1640 billion , total liabilities are 1580 billion * now * ( as of july 2016 ) . 
  now let 's add credit agricole and bnp paribas , two of the first banks to have gone belly up in such a scenario , and see what portion of the db assets are liabilities of these two . 
  if you 're done , we can add the other banks . 
   sch\u00e4uble offered that option . 
  greece declined . 
  after everything was in pots and jars yes . 
  he did n't offer that during the crisis . 
  greece would have defaulted and departed if it was up to the greeks , the others could n't let that happen . 
  germany does n't have a stake in greece anymore now so it 's safe to propose , the exposure settled , markets eased , there 's no risk of contagion anymore . 
   northern europe used x amount of euro to bail out greece . 
  a significant part of that was used to bail out greek banks . 
  so x minus that amount was supposedly returned directly back to banks of northern europe . 
  most of it was used to bail-out western banks , specifically french and german . 
  about 90 cents of every euro in the greek bail-out never left western countries . 
   what would have stopped northern europe to use that ' x minus ' amount to safe their banks directly ? 
  for one , that money came from the eu and imf , so germany and others would need to ask for a bail-out from the imf and eu partners , for two , the damage incurred from a frozen financial market would far exceed the damages paid to putting out the fire in greece . 
  banks require a constant flow of capital , just look at lehman brothers what a couple of billion dollar can do if the flow of funds dries up , and how much damage that creates if you 're forced to buy it out in the midst of it ( a multitude of it ) for three , because when german atm 's would n't be giving money anymore because there 's none , the real economy , the colleteral against which you 're borrowing money , is grinding to a halt as well . 
  last but not least , other countries going bankrupt ( like italy ) would 've started a bankruptcy that would go continent wide . 
  everything is connected , especially inside the eurozone . 
  a financial meltdown would cause our economies to crash . 
  nothing exotic about that one , you 've seen the impact of a us bank on our economy in 2008 , it should n't be hard to realize what would 've happened if deutsche bank , credit agricole , bnp paribas and all the rest would 've gone belly up . 
  not to mention what the exchange rate of all the new currencies would 've done to our ability to shoulder our debt still denominated in euro . 
  except it would . 
  i 'm not greek no , but i see you 're frantically searching for an argument , i suppose my nationality is as good as any if you do n't have one . 
  it 's not about gdp , it 's about a complete collapse of the german financial industry , together with the rest of the core economies . 
  greece had to be strong armed to accept this solution . 
  that however is one thing , the way we handled it after that is quite another . 
   how the hell would germany go bankrupt over greece . 
  it 's banks would fall over , together with some other countries ( france ) , and the state was in no position to ensure them under the deposit system . 
  while in the mean time its economy would grind to a halt . 
  we probably have a better bid indeed , but they 're going to vote and i doubt we 'll get it . 
  the dutch government is offering to construct a new building for the ema in amsterdam for 250-300 million euro , as well as adding 10 million euro to the budget of the cbg . 
  they 're going to vote on their location , the procedure has already have been laid out . 
   every one of those things are laws because they solve or prevent problems that affect others or society at large . 
  so does a double passport . 
  the rights and obligations of foreign passports cause a lot of trouble . 
  debt is debt , if you break something you pay . 
  besides , reparations were only a portion of the debt ( most specifically of germany 's earlier defaults ) the fact that the ( some ) greeks at least did nice things with the money and the germans did n't , does n't change that . 
   greece can go bankrupt , but it has to leave eurozone in order to do that . 
  not really , there is n't even a way to leave the eurozone . 
   and make no mistake , germany would barely notice the bankruptcy , greece is economically absolutely insignificant , i on the contrary , all banks in northern europe would 've fallen over , germany would most likely have gone bankrupt again . 
  that 's great . 
  without the wars , germany has gone bankrupt and recieved debt cuts 4 times in less than 100 years ( 1924 , 1929 , 1932 and 1953 ) and had accumulated a considerable state debt following up to the eurocrisis , well in violation of the fiscal compact , even exceeding the debt levels of spain and the uk . 
  the situation it had put itself in was irresponsible , there was no way the german state could 've met its obligations under the deposit system with all banks falling over . 
  it was easier to throw the greeks before the lions , and so they did . 
  when in 1953 west german debts were reduced by 50 % , it 's economy doubled in 10 years . 
  despite its history of reckless spending debt cuts worked out great . 
  unfortunately for the greeks , the allies were more civilized in war time then the germans are in peace time . 
  so edgy . 
  there 's a massive gain , without the bail-out germany would 've crashed and likely even gone bankrupt . 
  we have mandatory military service . 
  you do not have a choice . 
  they only managed to spend reckless because they were lend reckless . 
  the obvious result of such a situation is a bankruptcy , but they were denied that right as that would leave germany in ruines . 
   and forging the books to get into eurozone together with the eurozone they forged the books indeed . 
  depends on the country , in some cases your citizenship is tied to your marriage , if the marriage fails , then you might not have the right to a citizenship anymore . 
  if they did n't bail-out greece the german economy would 've crashed . 
  they strong-armed greece into accepting the full responsibility of german recklessness . 
  they managed to shift that burden on the greek people . 
  and of course the profit they make on the loans . 
  the last casualties ( as in dead ) was in 1981 ( 17 deaths to be precise ) . 
  the last really heavy one was 50 years ago , that killed 7 people , wounded 35 and displaced 500 from their homes . 
  there have been several quite strong ones since then though , one even pulled a plane apart . 
  not really , on average we have 35 per year , though we call them ` windhoos ' , more powerful ones would be called tornado . 
  they 're usually not powerful . 
  you can see them on the sea/lakes as well , if they pick up the water they 're called [ ` waterhoos ' . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/22/three_waterspouts_kijkduin.jpg/800px-three_waterspouts_kijkduin.jpg ) ( picture taken by the hague ), 
  and banks already stated that 's why they look at other places . 
  good riddance , now just make sure we wo n't be bailing their asses out the next time . 
   no they do n't , being called a nazi for bailing out greece is dumb . 
   nobody called them a nazi , they 're being criticized for condemning a generation to poverty and misery for their own gain . 
  they deserve all the criticism they get . 
  they can keep the banks .
