in other words an invasion . 
  you can get fipronil free eggs already again . 
   the glorious revolution was an invite . 
   --  william 's fleet , which with about 40,000 men aboard was roughly twice the size of the spanish armada -- and assembled in a tenth of the time -- consisted of 463 ships . 
  [ 50 ] among these were 49 warships of more than twenty cannon ( eight could count as third rates of 60 -- 68 cannon , nine were frigates ) , 28 galliots , nine fireships , 76 fluyts to carry the soldiers , 120 small transports to carry five thousand horses , about seventy supply vessels and sixty fishing vessels serving as landing craft . 
  [ 55 ] [ 56 ] most of the warships had been provided by the admiralty of amsterdam . 
  --  on 3/13 november the invasion fleet entered the english channel through the strait of dover in an enormous square formation , 25 ships deep , the right and left of the fleet saluting dover and calais simultaneously , to show off its size . 
  the troops were lined up on deck , firing musket volleys , with full colours flying and the military bands playing . 
  rapin de thoyras , who was on board one of the ships , described it as the most magnificent and affecting spectacle that was ever seen by human eyes . 
  an ` invite ' . 
  it 's culturally asian only . 
  0 years is a determination , there 's been no peace in europe since 2014 again . 
  prior to that we 've had 6 years of peace ? 
  yes the georgian war , and what was it before that , 8 years ? 
  i think so , grozny fell in 2000 , and that brings us into a period of even shorter periods of peace in europe , or well no peace from 2000 to 1991 technically . 
  can we count the cold war as a period of peace ? 
  should be pretty controversial , plenty of wars involving europeans , though the hot ones were fought outside europe . 
  ( falklands , vietnam , korea , indonesia , suez crisis , probably forgot some ), 
  it 's not , it 's asian with a small piece in europe . 
   it is effectively luck ( or lack thereof ) that you came to be born in a specific place . 
  you were born in a specific place through a pretty straight forward process of pregnancy . 
  luck has nothing to do with it , unless your dad maybe went to bed with a dozen women from a dozen countries of which one happened to become pregnant , but somehow i think that 's not a common process . 
  antioch is in asia . 
  0 years the longest period ? 
  that 's not good . 
  not necessarily . 
  the last government had a minority in the senate , it just means you need opposition support every now and then . 
  stuff < people people ; netherlands ; 17,1 million finland ; 5,5 million 1-0 * 2 . 
  1st place vs the 9th place 9th place vs no place . 
  booze . 
  beer production nl ; 2.400.000 tonnes per year beer production fl ; 402.000 tonnes per year 3-0 . 
  * 9 port of sint maarten france/netherlands * n/a error 404 not found finland, 
   if it was never liberated , then it is still occupied . 
  the occupation ended in 1989 with the collapse of the occupying force . 
   the warsaw uprising ended on 2 october 1944 . 
  the soviet forces reached warzaw in july . 
   what does russia has to do with it ? 
   warsaw finally was liberated by the soviets . 
  it was never liberated , it was occupied by a different fascist group after it was decimated by the prior fascist occupier . 
   what you are sources on that ? 
  if they were prepared enough , why did they wait for several months after uprising failed ? 
  they did n't . 
  i prefer to be orange . 
  but that does n't seem like an option here . 
  seems to be pretty misleading ; nl - trust national government ; trust ; 66 % do n't trust ; 30 % nl - trust in eu ; trust ; 49 % do n't trust ; 45 % hardly ` equal trust and mistrust ' . 
   how is that the problem of the germans ? 
  if anything they should complain too the russians . 
  since the german decided to carve up poland . 
  things do n't happen in a vacuum you know . 
   if anything they should complain too the russians . 
  the russians no longer own the land . 
   every action that breaks off a european unity is one that russia wants . 
  right , ` you 're with us , or against us . ', 
  the george bush approach . 
   * unless you care about self-determination of peoples  self determination is not expressed by people 's ethnicity , but by themselves . 
   reeks of soviet apologism - `` they just had to invade poland , germany made them do it ! '', 
  no one should take that seriously . 
  it 's not that they did n't want to , it 's that they could n't without german help . 
  you offered them help , they accepted , you carved up the east . 
  it 's a bit of an odd title , most of these 4,5 % would 've died weeks , perhaps months later for the same causes they committed euthanasia . 
   well yes it is . 
  it is not , unless you 're an ethnic nationalist . 
   nazi germany caused it together with the soviet union . 
  difference is that there is no generalgouvernement anymore , while `` kresy '' is still part of ukraine and belarus respectively . 
  the soviet union only complied , it was nazi germany that caused it . 
  the soviets themselves could barely scrap a piece of finland . 
  perhaps by neo-nazi 's , the 1933 election was still a free one . 
  the communists became the 3rd biggest party , just like in the elections the year before . 
  it was the last free election . 
   the territory east of curzon line b was n't majority polish anyways . 
  that 's not a relevant metric . 
   besides , poland should then look to belarus and ukraine , not to germany . 
  germany caused the shift in borders , they should look at germany . 
   nsdap got around 33,1 % votes in the last democratic election actually it was ** 43,9 % ** . 
  [ which ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/duitse_rijksdagverkiezingen_1933 ) is more than the cdu got the last election . 
  and there 's merkel as chancellor leading germany . 
   how many poles supported the communist party ? 
  who knows , unlike germans they did n't get to vote for their dictatorship . 
  in fact , they did n't even get their own dictatorship , but instead a russian military boot . 
   they got 30 % of our country and had to give 50 % of theirs away to the soviet union . 
   poland can not be held accountable because it was an * occupied * communist dictatorship but germany can be held responsible despite being a fascist dictatorship * by free will * . 
  ftfy, 
   if you organize an uprising without coordinating it with the soviets , then you should n't count on their help , should you ? 
  just shows the soviet perspective , which has nothing to do with liberation or anything related . 
   the red army simply was n't prepared enough to attack such a big city , it had some logistics problems , it needed time to organize everything . 
  they were prepared enough , they just did n't want to interfere while someone else was doing their ` dirty work ' . 
  well if it 's not about public health and safety there 's no reason to ban anything . 
  what a swift ban , wonder why this was n't an option with the much more harmful diesel engines that kill 1000s of people each year , like this fipronil which is about as harmful as a drop of wine . 
  sanctions can only be adopted by unanimous vote . 
  juncker is only speaking on behalf of germany , not the eu , or even the commission . 
  why he even thinks he can threaten with sanctions which would never be adopted , is beyond me . 
  exposing the hypocrisy of the legality surrounding priviliged religions seems like a benefit to the public . 
  think about it , what would people say if islam did not have religious rights ? 
  and what would people say if the church of the flying spaghetti monster does not have religious rights ? 
  it 's pure discrimination and racism . 
  actually the polish knew the soviets were about to enter the city ( as they had made camp just outside the city ) the polish feared an effortless russian take-over , and thought if they could expell the germans and retake the city when the soviets entered it , they would 've a stronger position restoring their own administration under soviet occupation . 
  instead stalin decided he would wait and not interfere , so the germans would exterminate all revolutionary/opposition elements . 
  for weeks the soviets watched as the nazi 's destroyed the city and its citizens . 
   yes you do . 
  http://newsfeed.time.com/2011/04/12/netherlands-to-immigrants-learn-dutch-or-fear-deportation/  not a single mention of arrest .
