  they specifically choose germany for their lax rules on the bonus culture , the exact reason people were given perverted motivations to ruine things for normal people . 
  let them be responsible for it . 
  wait , what , it was supposed to be red , white and blue . 
  may promised us . 
   refugees who initially settled in the netherlands never learned the language or did any effort , found the lack of integrating horrible . 
  i imagine england is a lot easier . 
  i 'm glad they found a way out . 
   how can you decide this for someone else ? 
  simple , for the same reason we decide you ca n't drive faster than 130km/h , that we decide you clean up your dog poo , that we decide you do n't litter , that we decide you pay taxes , that we decide you have working lights on your bike and so on and so forth . 
   he chooses , of course . 
   you do n't have a choice . 
  the law states , which is clearly said to you when you turn 18 and recieve a letter from the ministry of defense , that in case of war you must serve . 
  refusal to serve will get you imprisoned as a deserter . 
  that 's already the case . 
  many turks in the netherlands go to turkey for a year to do their military service and then return . 
  a variety of reasons . 
  related to taxes ( many countries demand you pay taxes , us specifically , even if you do n't live/work there ) privacy rules ( us demands open books of dutch entities , which are not allowed to open books , so they refuse us clients . ), 
  voting , many countries allow their foreign citizens to vote , military , many countries demand conscription and so on and so forth . 
  having a double passport is not a human right , just choose one . 
  citizenship laws are , should be , and will be national competence . 
   a lot of counties have a long tradition of reaching out to their diasporas by allowing dual citizensship . 
  it 's not reaching out in our case , we 've always been against double citizenship , it 's just that we were pretty much forced to accept double passports because people ca n't or ca n't reasonably lose their turkish and morococcan passports . 
  almost all double passports in the netherlands are of these two countries ( in total about 500.000 tu/mo citizens in nl have double passport ) , the former of which does not allow to give your passport ( or in extreme cases it does , but then slaps you with an entry ban ) and the latter ( turkey ) asks large financial compensation to pay of your obligations ( military service ) . 
  so we choose to accept these passports , and some other special circumstances ( for example you can have 2 if you marry a foreigner , because you can lose either passport if the marriage breaks , and we signed up to not making people stateless ), 
  if you ca n't take the criticism , do n't act like a jerk . 
  they deserve all the criticism they get . 
  ugh he 's making things up again . 
  this guy is constantly taking a walk with the truth . 
  for reasons other than trade . 
  ( specifically , interstate transfers , migration , military obligations , eu expansion ) if it is was a trade treaty it would 've passed with flying colours . 
  it is responding to the demands of turkey as they were laid out in the plan . 
  you 're not weasling yourself out of this one . 
  just a warning that / u/woeskies is full of shit . 
  you can read more about it in the wikipedia article . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_annan_plan_referendums,_2004 )  the turkish cypriot constituent state , would have been integrated to turkey making united cyprus republic ( ucr ) answerable to turkey . 
  [ 9 ] --  turkey was granted rights to interfere with the treaty between egypt and the republic of cyprus on the delimitation of the exclusive economic zone . 
  cyprus ' rights to its continental shelf in the south would have also been answerable to turkey . 
  [ 9 ] --  turkey was granted the right of stationing turkish troops on the island of cyprus perpetually , again making full independence impossible . 
  [ 9 ] -----  cyprus would be excluded from the european common defense and foreign policy , while turkish troops would remain in cyprus even after the accession of turkey to the eu with intervention rights , ( a military invasion - occasionally used euphemistically ) , in the future greek cypriot component state . 
   that is not the turkish position , it is though . 
   the turkish cypriot constituent state , would have been integrated to turkey making united cyprus republic ( ucr ) answerable to turkey . 
  [ 9 ] --  given the turkish army is also demanded to pull out . 
  it is n't . 
   the turkish cypriot constituent state , would have been integrated to turkey making united cyprus republic ( ucr ) answerable to turkey . 
  cyprus is never going to reunify . 
  that 's because it is n't in the process of unifying with the northern half of cyprus , but it 's in negotiations to unify with erdogans turkey . 
  nothing that comes out of these negotiations will be acceptable to cypriots . 
  just some demands turkey has ; * cyprus is not allowed to have an army * the turkish army will remain in northern cyprus * the greek army will leave * the turkish army will be allowed to intervene in greek cyprus * both sides of cyprus will have equal say and a rotating presidency , despite there being 4 times as many greek cypriots as turkish * cyprus will not claim an eez , the natural resources around cyprus will be owned by turkey * the northern cyprus federal constituency will also be part of turkey * cyprus is not allowed to participate in the eu common defense policy * the british will get a larger territorial sea at their bases etc. 
  you tell me one state that would accept these terms . 
  pretty sure nobody voted against trade . 
  i do n't expect any dutch people to be against ( free ) trade with ukraine . 
  as long as it 's not about interstate transfers of community funds , or open borders ( in the sense of migration ) . 
  veto powers have been significantly reduced since cyprus joined though , with qualified majority voting and enhanced cooperation . 
  only certain legal subjects need unanimity . 
  you should n't donate to people smugglers . 
  at least you 're honest . 
   and plan for a solution that is workable for everyone . 
  i would n't call driving people to hospitals for their sexual orientation a workable solution for everyone . 
  you 've just solved the crisis . 
  the remaining 15 applications per year probably wo n't lead to problems . 
  the inflatable boats are mostly sold by china anyway , so even this is beyond their reach . 
  i doubt they 'll agree to that , poland does n't want them , they 're quite satisfied with their own 40 million people . 
  what do you feel withholds you from saying that ? 
  you do n't necessarily need to edit it . 
  but i was thinking the same , it would be impossible to prove it . 
   of the 30 years ' war . 
  we call it the 80 years ' war actually . 
   but there really should be a check to see if these people wont be violent against citizens . 
  how exactly would you go about such a check ? 
  we know how some cultures think about gay people , this is just part of the package . 
   first and foremost , macron and merkels statements during office ( former ) and election periods ( both ) . 
  statements from politicians , especially notoriously unstable ones such as merkel , are n't worth a whole lot . 
  deeds is what you 're after . 
  you can say you support a ` strong europe ' all day long , but when you shoot down a proposal such as eurobonds , you 're not actually supporting it at all . 
  then you 're just talk , which is what we 've grown use to from merkel . 
  as far as macron , he 'll have to prove his worth , but he gets the opportunity to do so . 
   other effects are ofc . 
  the whole development of the financial crisis itself which showed the importance of a fiscal union more specifically the eurocrisis , the financial crisis was pretty much out of our control , the eurocrisis was n't . 
  that crisis showed the importance of a fiscal union , but the fact there still is n't one ( even though it has been proposed as early as in the 1990s , but denied ) does n't leave much hope . 
  ( and at this point , i ca n't support it either anymore , that ship has sailed for me )  as well as the usefulness of the ecb 's qe measures against fiscal conservative voices showcasing the benefits of a common approach . 
  there 's a difference between fiscal and monetary policy . 
  if there 's any lessons to be learned from the qe-chapter , it is not fiscal , but rather the lack of a distance between politics and monetary policy . 
  apparently the memberstates have taken the opportunity to use a diplomat when provided with the honor of holding a seat . 
   regarding the rest : necessity has always been an important factor in state formation . 
  that it has . 
  but that has been under situations where all involved had such a necessity . 
  that is not the case , many countries are doing quite well and have no necessity , many countries are n't doing quite well and do have one , and yet other countries are in a whole different stage of development and do not have one . 
  if necessity is all what is to drive a fiscal union , there wo n't be one . 
  spare southern europe , there 's no necessity for one . 
  then we again come back to trust and goodwill , will we sacrifice something for the good of others ? 
  will they use that sacrifice as intended ? 
  will they reciprocate when the roles are reversed ? 
  this is how you build a lasting mutually beneficial relationship . 
  not on necessity , because whenever necessity disappears , so does your work . 
   i invite you to look up articles showing the structural changes the ez underwent during the financial crisis , too . 
  you might be surprised how much has changed since 2008 even though you claim the opposite . 
  i 'm quite aware of most of them , they all have some things in common , too little , too late . 
   yet again you 're conveniently ignoring recent developments , both within europe and outside , pushing not only france and germany closer together on ez reforms but also making it more obvious that they are necessary for union survival . 
  do tell of those ` recent developments ' , and perhaps give some credence to your edgy one-liners . 
   neither trust nor goodwill is necessary , the wish to keep europe stable , as well as your own national economy from collapsing alongside the eu is sufficient motivation to reconsider past policies .
