  the access to the port of antwerpen ( europe 's second largest port , after rotterdam ) goes through the westerschelde in the dutch province of zeeland . 
  reclaiming the westerschelde would lead to antwerpen being land locked . 
  the westerschelde has been blocked in the past due to the ` war ' with belgium . 
   it 's what links antwerp to the north sea . 
  that 's the joke . 
  you would n't like a land locked antwerpen ? 
  we would gain a lot of experience in poldering again by expanding rotterdam too before we head to the doggersbank . 
  it was only evacuated in 1859 , the island remained ( though much smaller than it was some decades before ) until the noordoostpolder was finished . 
  it 's not that catchy in english . 
  i would prefer to reclaim the westerschelde first as a trial to see if doggerland can be done . 
   only the dutchman were succesful on this task , truly the most fearsome nation . 
  there 's more [ poetic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hjbkkea.jpg ) ways to express that . 
  not for the next century and a half , if we would do nothing . 
  well technically the noordoostpolder was dry in 1943 ( ? ) . 
  it was empty , but that half existed , and was used by jews as a refuge ( being completely empty of any human construction ), 
  [ urk ] ( https://beeldbank.rws.nl/photos/2509/376372.jpg ) did exist pre-flevoland , [ schokland ] ( http://www.dbnl.org/tekst/sten009monu11_01/sten009monu11ill10.gif ) too . 
  a [ clearer ] ( http://www.atlassen.info/atlassen/flemming/flegk01/picslarge/flegk04k020_k.jpg ) map of nl in 1900 . 
  they were , however carnaval is a typical catholic thing . 
  it 's popular in the ( catholic ) southern netherlands for example , not in the north/central/west . 
   catholic holy roman empire countries , actually . 
  ftfy . 
   and now he says he does n't want to give interviews , as the press is too far beneath his intellectual abilities , that 's what thiery baudet would say too . 
  the federal council of germany is n't filled by delegates from the federal governments ? 
   bundesrat members are not elected -- either by popular vote or by the state parliaments -- but are delegated by the respective state government . 
   normally , a state delegation consists of the minister president ( called governing mayor in berlin , president of the senate in bremen and first mayor in hamburg ) and other cabinet ministers ( called senators in berlin , bremen and hamburg ) . 
  the state cabinet may appoint as many delegates as the state has votes ( all other ministers/senators are usually appointed as deputy delegates ) , but may also send just a single delegate to exercise all of the state 's votes . 
   they are the one who created this mess in the first place why did n't you stop them ? 
  libya had close relations to italy , both historical and economic . 
  you let the french bomb them , now your friends are dead , and your new friends do n't control the country but only a small corner of it . 
   ( like it was easy while dealing with a failed state which is not the case of spain and marocco ) it 's not as if relations with spain and marocco are so well , the two having been involved in military operations against one another and claiming each others land while bickering over a disputed former spanish dependency currently occupied by morocco . 
   is for economic interest . 
  to be specific oil and gas . 
  and who control most of this sector right now there ? 
  is that control worth the existential crisis you 're putting on the continent ? 
   if the eastern europeans were smart they will also oppose this move instead of lecturing us . 
  why ? 
  because if total gets their hands on eni plants we will get even closer to the russians for a long list of reason starting from the fact that we use gas to produce most of our electricity . 
  gas which well then be distributed by germany through nord steam 2 . 
  so you 'll listen to the germans , which would be no different from the current situation . 
  unless you somehow managed to restart south stream , but that 's going through turkey , meaning you 'll have to appease turkey too . 
   50 % voted by parliament , 50 % by federal council with at least 50 % votes so by an executive and legislative arm . 
  that 's pretty much the same as what is proposed in poland , save the ability to sack them . 
   which would break the speration of powers there is n't really any separation of powers in germany when the judges are chosen by the people who make and those who apply laws . 
   setting aside that keeping thousands of people on that rock is simply impossible . 
  i do n't see why . 
  nauru is as large as lampedusa , has twice the population and does the same for australia . 
  you could argue it 's undesirable , but impossible surely not . 
  if italy ca n't get it done , what 's wrong with the french intervening ? 
  if they can , then step aside . 
  i mean it 's pretty pathetic really , spain managed to solve its ` problem ' on its own without any continent wide conflict or crisis , or threatening its partners , not even media attention . 
  italy seems unable to live up to the same standards , despite having more means at their disposal . 
  there 's really no reason why a potentially influential country like italy which has all the odds stacked in its favour should be such a failure . 
  they 're just saving face . 
  they would choose economic expediency over anything . 
  it should come to no surprise that the east does n't trust germany , they would throw them for the bus any day if that would be profitable . 
  the main reason they oppose the three seas initiative is because it intends to import lng from the us as an alternative to russian gas . 
  ( which could be considered diversification ) now that does not conform to german plans , the idea is that germany will sell all gas to the rest of europe at a premium . 
  this is the reason italy is also opposed to nord stream 2 ( more expensive energy would wreck their already faltering economy even more , profiting germany ) they also oppose it because they think the us will gain more influence . 
  which is ironic is n't it ? 
  they want russian influence , but not american . 
  they were very vocal about trumps visit to poland in the context of the tsi as well , rooting against ` american meddling ' . 
  which on the face of it , seems to be the only thing that 's keeping europe together . 
  now as a result of ns2 other countries ca n't lay back and take it either , so hungary signed a deal 3 weeks ago with russia for a new south stream , this pipeline will run from turkey to bulgaria , macedonia , serbia and ultimately hungary . 
  south stream was initially cancelled , in part under germany pressure , because south stream was to be replaced with pipelines from kazakhstan , azerbijan , cyprus and israel . 
  now turkey claims the eez of cyprus and sends their navy to drilling operations and cordons of said drilling operations with live fire training , so they ca n't construct or drill there , israel ca n't go through syrian waters and russia cut the eu off with turkish stream . 
  the whole plan basically failed , any strategist would understand that no new pipelines with russia should 've been accepted since the ukraine invasion . 
  but here we are , they stopped all our alternatives with the help of germany , they placed two potential eu members in their grasp ( macedonia and serbia ) and have europe divided between several pipelines , ideal for individual extortion . 
  they can do with ukraine now what they want , they can do with the balkans now what they want , while supplying a steady stream of cheap gas to germany to keep their mouth shut . 
  price is not the issue , about 4 billion euro is expected . 
  the fact that a coastal defense submarine is not suitable for the navy 's operations is . 
  the government also ruled out a partnership with germany as i already said . 
  the submarines will be made to specification , which means part of the design and manufacturing will be done in rotterdam/vlissingen . 
  apart from that germany has n't build large submarines since ww2 , so they hardly bring any worth to the table as opposed to anotger domestic production . 
  but the reason a partnership was ruled out is because germany is n't interested in it . 
  the swedish are a better match as co-producer anyway . 
  it is not about orders from norway , but norwegian companies , though it would mostly be centered around kockum/saab , and partially designed and build in rotterdam . 
  germany is out of the question gladly , they have nothing to offer either . 
  if we 're lucky it will be a domestically build one like the walrus again . 
  poland is not an option either , the netherlands is seeking completely different subs , and polish industry does n't have expertise in the field . 
  that is completely unlikely . 
  the u212 was never an option , they 're too small and unfit for the tasks , and partnership with germany has been ruled out in 2014 . 
  germany has no experience with big submarines . 
  currently there 's the option of building it self again , building a larger version of the a26 together with sweden and norway , or modifying a french sub , the latter is likely to be ruled out as well . 
  the a26 has also been ruled out , as it also too small and not fit for the job . 
   what . 
  of course there has been effort the only effort so far is from the three seas initiative . 
  germany has been working hard to undermine diversification of energy sources , as such all ambitions have failed and the energy union is for al intends and purposes dead . 
  nord stream , and now turkish/south stream will firmly place the energy demand of sections of europe in the hands of russia , as a geopolitical tool for dominance and oppression . 
   sunday 17 october 2010 11.58 bst hardly . 
  the article is 7 years old , merkel changes her opinion every other week . 
   russia ~ ~ enabled ~ ~ shot down a plane full of dutch citizens, 
   as they cyprus alternative is more expensive from what i read . 
  and politically just as toxic with turkey claiming all of cyprus ' eez . 
   will have on the block 's efforts to diversify energy sources . 
   germany has already said it could retaliate if the united states moves to sanction firms involved with building a new baltic pipeline for russian gas . 
  more russian gas is diversified energy sources apparently . 
  there 's no effort to diversify energy sources , there 's only effort to make sure there remains one supplier . 
  so such effort can not be harmed if it does not exist . 
  the soryus weighs in at 2900 tons though , compared to the 1500 of the type 212 or gotland class . 
  it is considerably larger .
