  --  libya 's coastguard intercepted nearly 500 migrants on a wooden boat and returned them to tripoli after warning off a ship preparing to pick them up for passage to europe . 
   footage filmed by sea-watch , a non-governmental organisation , showed a libyan coastguard vessel coming within metres of its own ship as it sped to stop the migrants . 
   coastguard spokesman ayoub qassem said the incident occurred about 30 km north of the libyan coast . 
   it highlights the confusion in the crowded waters as desperate migrants try to reach a better life and authorities scramble to deal with the chaos . 
   `` an international rescue organisation called sea-watch tried to hinder the work of our coastguard ... in a bid to take the migrants , claiming libya is not safe for migrants , '' he said . 
   `` without warning , they crossed our bow on the way to the migrant boat , '' neugebauer said . 
  `` they made a dangerous manoeuvre . 
  they nearly hit our boat , they endangered our crew . '', 
  -----  members of the eu-backed libyan coastguard have allegedly opened fire while forcing refugees back to the war-torn country in the latest clash with international rescue ships . 
   the luventa , a vessel operated by german charity jugend rettet , was among the vessels deployed by maritime commanders in rome to help around a dozen refugee ships carrying more than 1,800 people on tuesday . 
   `` for ourselves , the situation was extremely tough , '' he added . 
  `` we are here to help , but we were compelled to stand inactive , so we would not catch a bullet . ''  save the children , which had also been deployed to the rescue , said the coastguard started off by sinking empty boats but changed to `` aggressive behaviour '' as missions continued . 
  [ 2 ] -----  the largest humanitarian rescue ship in the mediterranean sea was patrolling calm waters on 17 august when sailors spotted a boat approaching from the libyan coast . 
   staff on the m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res ( msf ) ship activated their `` code red '' protocol , taking cover in the bourbon argos 's mess . 
   staff fled to a fortified room below decks as the unidentified gunmen boarded the ship . 
  some sat down to write letters to their families , fearing the messages could be their last . 
   they emerged to find the bourbon argos riddled with bullet holes . 
  one went through glass windows on the bridge , inches from where a security officer had been watching the approaching boat through binoculars . 
  happens all the time , maybe you should follow the news once . 
  these ngo ships even have fortified rooms these days to defend against the libyan coast guard . 
  the ngo 's simply disregard of the libyan authorities , and they cry wolf every time they enforce their laws on them . 
   not voting does n't mean interigating and voting does n't mean not interigates  it does . 
  it really is , china is n't coming with the occasional rusty smoking tub we see from russia either . 
  so we could say about 35-40 % are integrated . 
  that 's pretty bad , especially because most of them have been here a long time . 
  ( there 's not much migration from turkey anymore , i believe it 's even negative , more turks leaving than coming to nl ), 
  we do not . 
  the netherlands is as much south american as turkey is european . 
  not to mention france would be african and australian ( oceanian ) as well , the uk would be antarctican , also a nice one , and lets not forget north american denmark . 
   turnout was only 46 % that 's higher than municipal and eu parliament elections . 
   it can certainly be done in the legitimately recognized turkish embassy and consulates , not without permission . 
  germany already said it will not allow a referendum on the death penalty to be had in germany . 
  so they 're confident enough to stop that . 
  i 'm speaking of the netherlands , our situation is very similar to the german one . 
  which they are legally supposed to coordinate with libyan authorities . 
  there are legal grounds , italy will have laws for that or be in violation of the un ` protocol against the smuggling of migrants by land , sea and air ' which italy signed in december 2000 . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://treaties.un.org/pages/viewdetails.aspx?src=ind&amp;mtdsg_no=xviii-12-b&amp;chapter=18&amp;lang=en ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.unodc.org/documents/southeastasiaandpacific/2011/04/som-indonesia/convention_smug_eng.pdf )  each state party shall adopt such legislative and other measures as may be necessary to establish as criminal offences , when committed intentionally and in order to obtain , directly or indirectly , a  financial or other material benefit :  ( a ) the smuggling of migrants ;  ( b ) when committed for the purpose of enabling the smuggling of migrants :  ( i ) producing a fraudulent travel or identity document ;  ( ii ) procuring , providing or possessing such a document ;  ( c ) enabling a person who is not a national or a permanent  resident to remain in the state concerned without complying with the  -- 4 -- necessary requirements for legally remaining in the state by the means mentioned in subparagraph ( b ) of this paragraph or any other illegal means . 
   i agree on the second part , operation triton ( conducted by frontex , eu ) needs to be reviewed to stop all those ngos on the libyan coast , something we have asked to the eu and they are stalling . 
  you can deny them to enter your ports . 
  bringing people to italy is not a search and rescue operation , but a smuggling operation . 
  you can either deny them to make port , or not and arrest and convict the crew for smuggling . 
  they safe these people 12-24 miles from the libyan coast , they must return them to libya in coordination with libyan authorities . 
   but we ca n't ignore sos signals and not rescue them , that is true of course , however if you do n't have a ship close , you have nothing to respond with . 
  that sounds cruel , but less so if you consider that these people go out to sea * because they know these ships are waiting there for them * . 
  people wo n't risk their life if there 's nobody to safe them . 
   there 's consequences to breaking international law you do n't need to break international law at all . 
  there 's simply no international law that says you must station your coast guard 100s of miles away from your coast right on the edge of the 12 miles zone of another state . 
  neither is there a law that says you can save people in libya and then sail them to the us to save them . 
   it 's not so simple as the keyboard warriors on reddit make it out to be . 
  i agree . 
  if that 's what it takes indeed we should , we do n't have an ambassador in turkey anymore anyway , do n't see why we would need a turkish embassy here . 
  that is up to the libyans . 
  there have been occasions they opened fire , including directly at the ngo boats . 
  which resulted in said ngo boats to whine how unfairly they are treated , and point out how illegal libyan sovereignty is because libya is a 1.760.000 km \u00b2 violation of human rights . 
  even the italian authorities warn the ngo 's to leave the area of operations , they listen to no one though . 
  so far it all ended well , a serious incident ca n't be ruled out however . 
   what do you do when the majority of the country of origin do not recognize them as their citizens and do n't want them back ? 
  do you break international laws and cause a diplomatic incident ? 
   least of all you could not pick them up , nor accept organisations who get paid to do so . 
  operation triton is n't the problem , as that was confined to the coast of siciliy . 
  italy 's own operation however , mare nostrum , was focused directly on the libyan coast . 
  that is a [ problem . 
  ] ( https://watchtheborders.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/triton-cace2-1-minori-stranieri-non-accompagnati.jpg ), 
   all you need , is to be faster than the only remaining boat of the coastal lybian security forces . 
  italy has actually given libya ( well the government we support ) patrol boats . 
  the only problem is that the ngo 's occasionally try to ram them and do n't listen to their coast guard , but they 're armed , and several ngo ships are decorated with bullet holes already . 
  they do , elections for example . 
  no more double passports , no more elections . 
  we 'll also have no more use for turkish governmental institutions like the diyanet , so they can pack their bags . 
  that 's fine , our government does n't need to accomodate anything anymore in that case so that 's problem solved . 
  i did n't say he was ever a good person , just that it was n't until a couple of years ago that he lost his sanity . 
  prior to his mental breakdown he was crazy , but at least susceptible to reason . 
  it 's not even going to work on a car most of the times . 
  pressure will build up , and most likely it will blow the banana out of the pipe , or the gaskets of the exhaust out before the engine stops working . 
  and it would 've been fine if he had been replaced in time . 
  people should not be in a position of power for too long , he has been in power for 14 years now , it went to his head many years ago . 
   they 'd have to go full-dictatorship that 's where the country is heading anyway . 
   democracy in turkey would be fully gone , instead of halfway gone . 
  it 's over halfway gone . 
  you ca n't clog a tank exhaust like that . 
  it 's bigger and not a single pipe , and even if you could , your banana is just going to fly away . 
  i do n't , it never came to that . 
  they just seem like more civilized folk , even though i do n't agree with their ideology . 
  ideally that would be the case , however they 're not such fine hosts that they would arrange transport , instead they leave that to italy to manage . 
  i therefor understand italian discontent somewhat acting as the doormat of germany , if not for the fact they 're venting it at the wrong people . 
  but they probably do n't dare to say how things stand to merkel so they pick easier targets . 
  not a great strategy on the long term . 
  there 's a difference of opinion as to what constitutes ` plan together ' . 
  ` plan together ' does not mean ` you do as i do or i take your money ' . 
   i 'd rather have the lesson be taught without the flooding . 
   nobody is teaching anyone any lessons here , we 're talking about sovereign countries , not a kindergarten class . 
  this kind of thinking will lead to great trouble . 
   there is absolutely nothing legally stopping italy from issuing them all temporary visas there is actually , the issuance of ( schengen ) visa 's is bound to law . 
   ~ ~ and flooding eu with refugees . ~ ~ putting open borders to an early grave you mean . 
  you 've no idea of what the political position of the eastern states entails . 
  as far as the v4 is concerned , you can keep all your money if that means unlimited migration form outside the eu . 
  they 'll close the borders to you too should it come to that . 
   when you get rid of double statehood , they 'll all choose german citizenship over turkish , that 's fine then , in that case as far as the government is concerned they 're no longer turks . 
   and the erdogan government will issue them special id 's that enable them to vote ... that would 've to be done online then , these elections still stool on the country allowing them to be arranged . 
  the gulenists , assuming it would 've been them , would probably have been an improvement over the akpists .
