  just that is the right thing to do . 
  but germany is n't very competent at doing good things . 
  like most people , ukraine was already very anti russian . 
  russia has that effect on people . 
  you wo n't need that because remaining in the eu is n't an option . 
  if you guys choose an illegal independence , an exit from the eu is part of the package . 
  it 's up to you to make a decision based on that package . 
   we mostly operate under jus sanguis . 
  that 's what they want to change in italy , if you would read the article :  ... over whether children born on italian soil to foreign parents should have citizenship rights at birth . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion , the time to implement a fiscal union however was 5 years ago . 
  there 's too much bad blood now , and nobody can be trusted to act in good faith . 
  so if what you say is true , then the eurozone has no future . 
   in general however , the eurozone can not survive without a common fiscal policy . 
  that may or may not be true , either way that ship is burned . 
  no you 're stealing money from poor people and taking their heater away for future winters . 
  it did n't . 
  they needed south stream off the table to get ns2 , and give another two of those corrupt germans the head seats and some full pockets . 
  the project is managed by a former stasi operative no less , former direct kgb colleague of putin , all the way involved to yukos . 
   yes , we did actually . 
  it 's just that several countries were not even interested to talk about it . 
  they simply said that they will oppose it . 
   how shocking after south stream . 
  one would expect they would be all ears . 
  it 's still not looking better . 
  it 's quite possibly about as low as you can get . 
  the problem with the economic system we have is that winners win and losers lose . 
  improving ` in other areas ' is very hard if you have nothing to improve with . 
  but that 's irrelevant , you steal money from poor people , there 's nothing going to make that look any better . 
  more like he has entered the senile stage . 
  the most common criticisms of ns2 are ; * giving russia the ability to shut ukraine of . 
  ukrainian winters are cold , and ironically their energy alternative is buried coal beneath the russian soldiers feet in the donbass * depriving the poor part of europe from transit fees * undermining european unity and security by giving tools to russia to keep charging different rates for compliant and not so compliant countries, 
   that 's not an argument against ns2 . 
  germany has no obligation to `` gift '' money to ukraine . 
   it may not have an obligation , but depriving one of the poorest states in europe of 2 billion dollar while ensuring it 's left in the cold in the winters to come is certainly not commendable . 
  not that i expect much better from germany . 
  torn\u00e0do 's torn\u00e4do 's . 
  true , with a ` relevant eu reform ' i would be more thinking about having outer-borders , but this was specifically about ez ( eurozone ) reforms , not eu . 
   i think the signal from nato should be `` calm your tits , turkey . 
  this is about nato , not your petty sultan 's ambitions . '', 
  and you consider this likely to happen ? 
  it seems we have a different opinion on that matter then , because in my book that is the only right signal . 
  sugar coating fascist little dictators does n't work . 
  pretty sure germany is n't the only one to oppose ` relevant ' ez reforms , if that means what i think it means . 
  i 'm quite confident that once the ez starts talking about taxes and pensions that we 're off for a cup of tea in london . 
  if that party gets respectively 10 % , 25 % or over 50 % of the turkish votes , please do so . 
  what you 're reading in my reply has the support of about 80 % of the turks . 
  pretty much , yes the sensors on the opv 's are a bit more advanced than the f-125 , but it does n't have the ram cells . 
  the opv `` s have a longer operational time and larger range , the same gun , and accomodation for marine detachments . 
  and instead of 2 helicopters , it has 1 helicopter and 3 fast interception craft with a stern dock . 
  but for the purpose , the opv 's are better suited . 
   the right of `` self determination '' does not mean the right to decide where another people belongs and who should rule them . 
  we 're perfectly in our right to decide they wo n't belong to us , just like we did to morocco . 
   the right to choose your own government and your own rulers is a human right , at least according to the founders of the modern institutions of democracy . 
  it is n't . 
  not all rights are human rights . 
   if using said right means you 'll be isolated , impoverished and held back in every concievable manner just because you wanted to claim your human rights i 'd say the eu is an oppresive regime . 
  self determination is n't a human right . 
  as far as catalonia 's rights go , their rights end where ours begin . 
  we have the right to self determination just as well . 
   the turkish nationalist opposition leader , devlet bah\u00e7eli , has gone even further , claiming that several greek islands are under occupation and reacting furiously when kammenos visited the far-flung isle of oinousses . 
   `` someone must explain to this spoiled brat not to try our patience , '' he railed . 
  `` if they [ the greeks ] want to fall into the sea again , if they want to be hunted down , they are welcome , the turkish army is ready . 
  someone must explain to the greek government what happened in 1922 . 
  if there is no one to explain it to them , we can come like a bullet across the aegean and teach them history all over again . '' -------------  speaking at the parliamentary party group but addressing the prime minister , binali yildirim , the leader of ataturk 's republican party chp , kemal kilicdaroglu said  `` in cyprus , this time the trnc * has 37 % of the land . 
  they want to reduce it to 29.2 % . 
  they want to sell cyprus . 
  we ask them : is this island ours ? 
  yes , they say . 
   should our flag be on these islands ? 
  yes , they say . 
  but there , there is the flag of greece . 
  then why do n't you intervene ? 
  we ask them . 
  and what do they answer ? 
  we have more important things to do , we have a leader and we are seeking a chair for him . 
   the greek flag is waving on 18 islands . 
  these islands belong to us . 
  when we hear the rooster crow . 
  there is the greek flag . 
  they are under occupation . 
  they speak about the lausanne saying ` we lost territories . ' we lost 18 islands under our nose . 
  and now i ask binali yildirim . 
  will you take back the 18 islands or not ? 
  are you nationalist or not ? '' -------------  but the specific history behind the borders they envision provides the first indication of what 's new and what is n't about erdogan 's brand of nationalism . 
  these maps purport to show the borders laid out in turkey 's national pact , a document erdogan recently suggested the prime minister of iraq [ should read to understand his country 's interest in mosul . 
  ] ( https://foreignpolicymag.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/misaki-milli-nedir.jpg ) instead of repeating turkish lies we would do better to heed their real words . 
   so the people of catalonia have in essence lost the right of self determination because without the eu they 'll be economically fucked which will lead to dead citizens . 
   self-determination does not mean you have the right to be part of the eu . 
  pretty sure most germans would be happy to see the b61 's gone . 
  dear god , 1 of those costs more than 4 holland class opv 's , which are pretty much identical save the ram 's . 
  you could 've just , you know , asked schelde to save you 2 billion euro . 
   in 1985 , france , west germany , italy , the netherlands , and the united kingdom teamed to develop a nato battlefield transport and anti-ship/anti-submarine helicopter for the 1990s . 
  ** the united kingdom left the team in 1987 ** at least it 's a true european project . 
  computers that can kill people on their own account . 
  what could go wrong . 
  remove towel , and sit . 
  seriously you do n't need to accomodate rude behaviour . 
  no it is n't , the typhoon replaced the adv variants of the tornados ( which are no longer in service ) . 
  the f-35 will replace the strike variant currently still in use . 
  there 's no ` wanting ' involved .
