  these reactors have faced numerous issues though , that is why people are n't too thrilled about them . 
  public health has never been at risk , it 's that these reactors have been going on and off for a while ( mostly off ) which worried people . 
  the odds should be in their favour if it is a mechanical defect ( which is likely the cause ) . 
  the eu is too busy sanctioning the us for meddling in the molotov-ribbon 2.0 pipeline . 
  they 'll be with you in a few weeks . 
  i do n't think so , the netherlands has a very competitive ( online ) retail environment . 
  i would wager it is more competitive and advanced than the uk . 
   did n't a purchaser send them to crimea behind siemens back ? 
  unless you believe that a multi billion dollar company believes that they would distribute turbines to a non-existing powerplant on the taman [ peninsula ] ( http://crudeaccountability.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/tamanpeninsula.png ) 10 km 's of the crimean coast and not to two electricity plants which are currently under construction on crimea . 
  but that would require some special kind of naivety . 
  cordoning off the pvv is certainly making it difficult to form a coalition . 
  especially now that they became the second largest party with 20/150 seats . 
  i imagine that would be a problem in sweden as well , and while that can be over come , you 're putting together parties who 're ideologically opposed to each other as well . 
  nice example id that recent remark in the us on the ` doctor killing you ' is actually part of the discussion with the tumblr party and a christian party trying to mend a coalition . 
  the tax cuts on diesel fuel because they 're so eco-friendly compensate that though . 
   germany , austria and switzerland : \u201e b\u00fcrgerlich `` . 
  and in dutch we call it `` burgerplicht '' . 
  it 's just a result from lack of domestic competition . 
  would n't be surprized to find a cartel below that too though if you start looking for it . 
  i 'm sure poland also has a h&m , aldi , zalando etc. 
   this website has a way of discriminating and throwing 83 million germans into a pot of a few corrupt automobile companies or banks . 
  then you did n't understand the article . 
   germany may be no cleaner or dirtier than other european countries . 
  but it 's certainly more self-righteous . 
  sums it up quite nicely . 
   how the f-16 is still competitive 40 years after its introduction . 
  it 's hardly the same plane as it was 40 years ago . 
  it 's been in continued development , there 's even an f16ng coming and there 's an upgraded israeli version ( with bigger fuel tanks build in ) . 
  only the airframe is still the same . 
  see , the parliament shalt be their church , the party manifesto their ancient scripture , the judges their missionaries , jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski the prophet ( praised be his name ) . 
  nobody shall henceforth question or criticize them , lest they violate their human right . 
  of course it can , as long as people believe in it . 
  yes i suppose time will tell . 
  i hope it works out though . 
  it 's a decision he has made for himself , regardless of the procedures that would follow if he decidedly differently . 
  you ca n't go through life without an inch of moral/ethical integrity and expect to hold authority . 
  his opinion on the matter is moot the moment he condoned imprisoned judges . 
  timmermans is known for his lack of character anyway , it 's the same man that lied about the oxygen masks on mh17 to get publicity . 
  maybe pis should apply for the status of religion then . 
   ftr , while the commission can propose to suspend accession negotiations , he does n't want to , imprisoning judges ( and not one or 2 , but 2700 at once ) does n't qualify for sanctions , so firing them would n't either . 
   sanctions require unanimity . 
  sanctions do , article 7 itself , so the first stages , does n't . 
  haftar will remain in command of the armed forces , he will agree to that because his biggest goal is keeping radical religious forces out of the government . 
  the reason he agreed to elections to be held is because he 's giving it a chance , if the brotherhood wins , he will likely gun them out of office and return to the war as it was last week . 
  if they do not , and the libyans elect a proper government , he will serve as commander in chief of some sort , as insurance . 
   i do n't think this agreement will last i think it does , the ceasefire is very comprehensive , * all military operations * are to be halted , except the ones aimed at extremists . 
  the choice is now basically up to the libyans , elect a proper government , or at best become a military dictatorship like egypt under haftar i , and at worst continue the civil war . 
  france arranged a reconciliation between haftar and sarraj , the two agreed for elections to be held in spring 2018 . 
  france just reconciled the 2 biggest parties this week . 
  launching article 7 does not require unanimity . 
  do n't worry , timmermans is against any action on turkey where judges are not only fired but also imprisoned , so poland should be [ save . 
  a reasonable response . 
  a bit late , but better late than never . 
   the soviet monuments on the other hand are not only very militaristic and carry the symbols of occupying forces , but they also only serve to glorify the soviet regime and do not mention the victims of that regime . 
  well thought out observation , i think there 's also a difference between a burial site and just a fatalist soviet monument glorifying the struggle for a dictatorship of the people . 
  burial sites should be kept , monuments can be removed if the concensus demands so . 
  well if even they do n't want them around ... 
   local government itself is established by members of state parliament . 
  and they are indeed directly elected . 
   they 're indirectly elected . 
  you do not elect state ministers , you only elect the members of the local parliament which then elect the state government . 
   i said they are not part of federal government . 
  which is irrelevant . 
   sigh , there is no wonder how you guys are so fond of distrution of democracy . 
  you guys have no clue about democratic system . 
  it 's saddening that i have to explain how german democracy works to a german . 
  do n't they teach you these things in school ? 
  you can always be polite and ask if they want them back , then ship them to st. petersburg . 
  he already changed his flair , it 's too late for the poor soul . 
  most of the land reclaimation has been done outside holland . 
  you can wait all you want , there is n't changing anything in our lifetime over here . 
   the member of the bundesrat is given by local state ( bundesland ) government or filled by the local state government itself . 
   which is directly elected by people with state parliament election they 're indirectly elected . 
   and the state governments are not part of the federal government . 
  the local state governments are part of the executive arm of the government . 
  the ijssel ( river ) flows into it , providing a flow of fresh water from the rhine . 
  surplus water was dumped by the dyke into the north sea , and it slowly became fresh water . 
  ( took about 2-4years ), 
  oh sorry , * ` all\u00e9 , hier hedde ge een plakkaat aan oewe kop begaaid ' . 
  or ` failed state ' when your bum is violently shaken with another one of belgiums potholes . 
  a lot of garbage is actually sold . 
  ( to the netherlands among others ) we import it from italy and then burn it to create energy . 
  that wall is already [ there . 
  ] ( http://www.geobronnen.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/melilla-hekken.jpg ), 
  1953 has faded from our memory . 
   the dutch made ~ ~ holland ~ ~ nederland . ', 
  when the dijken break in germany , at least that gives us the opportunity to work on becoming an island as we start to drain our own land again . 
  not exactly . 
  the 5.900 km2 sea was first converted to a fresh water lake with the 32km long [ afsluitdijk . 
  ] ( http://www.holland.com/upload_mm/1/2/4/52772_fullimage_3_nederland%20waterland_afsluitdijk_luchtfoto_resized.jpg ) the land was reclaimed from the lake ( and the remnants of the lake later split in two with the [ houtribdijk ] ( https://www.delta3.nl/media/1418/houtribdijk_08.png ) , because the intentions were to reclaim the markermeer [ as well . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/map_of_markermeer.png/220px-map_of_markermeer.png ) unfortunately this part of the project was cancelled due to effect this would have on the ground water below amsterdam . 
  instead they 're creating smaller islands there right now as we speak , the [ markerwadden ] ( http://www.omroepflevoland.nl/sitefiles/temp/ad6b41639d823506a0022a8601753b2e-778x427.jpeg ) , which will be given back to nature , and build in such a way that the lake itself makes the islands larger over time . 
  yes , over west-germany . 
  i like that , especially that last picture . 
  flevoland is 1419km2 , so you would have to wait 200 years to get the same as what is coloured red , never mind the other parts that were reclaimed . 
  wij = we . 
  might would be way too exaggerated for a dutch expression . 
  better , but i think it 's just not possible to give it the same nuance as it has in dutch . 
  languages vary greatly in the ability to express certain things . 
  it was an ( admittedly insider - ) joke .
