  french annualized gdp growth is at 1,1-1 ,2 % . 
  with a 2 % deficit the debt level will worsen and never reach 50 % . 
  their deficit should be around 0,5 % max in the current situation , with plans to acquire a surplus in the near future . 
  but that 's ideal , as it stands , they ca n't even make the fiscal compact of 3 % . 
  their ` foreign allies ' , you mean those who occupied them instead of russia . 
  both russia and germany were cut from the same wood , estonia just happened to be in between them . 
   and about ilegal seccession ? 
  estonia was legally part of russia and only by a war led by a foreign army was taken away from russia . 
  -----  russia renounced all territorial claims in finland ( which it had already acknowledged ) , baltic states ( estonia , latvia and lithuania ) , belarus , and ukraine . 
  the territory of the kingdom of poland was not mentioned in the treaty . 
  it was by war that estonia was violently taken by the russians , it was by war that they were freed from the russians . 
   `` defended '' you do n't need to put that between quotations , they defended it alright . 
  the island is british anyway , it has/had no native population and its citizens are british . 
  the claim is ridiculous anyway , of course the turks have no rights whatsoever on that gas . 
  not yet , they 're the only country giving them aid though . 
  we do n't have a consulate in turkey . 
  a consul is also different than an embassy , you can use every eu consul abroad if you 've an eu citizenship . 
  only to have it vetoed by the uk . 
  article 7 needs unanimity of all the other countries . 
   australia is litteraly on the other side of the globe , makes it all the more disapointing that they 're worth their salt unlike those much closer , does n't it . 
   and russia seem to be in the white house . 
  it was still under obama 's term . 
  but hej , at least the americans do n't appoint their former president as chairman of a pipeline meant to deprive ukraine of gas and increase prices for [ poland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream_ag ), 
  not for mh17 , that was for crimea and donbass . 
  also the ` west ' is too broad , it 's specifically about european partners . 
  australia and the us proved better allies than any in europe . 
  not getting into an abusive relationship in the service of societies who only care for themselves . 
  that 's a matter of interpretation , the fact that we recieved no help from our european ` partners ' for me shows that a ` strong europe ' is the last thing we need . 
  it 's an oil spitting and puffing 2-stroke by the looks of it . 
  the only thing electric will be the ignition to burn whatever oil it does n't throw out the exhaust in the water . 
  too much engine behind it , should 've been pulled [ by a horse . 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/trekschuit ), 
  that 's no different from the current situation . 
  with a basic income , people who do nothing only get less money , people who work get more . 
  i kind a thought that would be clear , my apologies if it was n't so . 
   let me come to ttip . 
  i think that 's a particularly bad agreement . 
  and let me say why . 
  it 's not about trade . 
  trade barriers between europe and america , tariffs have already come down , basically , very , very well . 
  little changes in the exchange rate do more to change competitivity than wiping out the tariffs . 
  so , the fact is that the instability in exchange rates caused by lack of harmonization in monetary policy is a far bigger impediment to trade than any of the tariffs . 
  as i said , tariffs play a minor role in obstructing trade in the west . 
  so for the uk having merely an fta will considerably impede current trade back and forth . 
  taking one subsection of a proposed treaty out of context is n't doing your argument any favour . 
  not to mention tpp is n't a treaty between western partners , though it is not even a free trade agreement either . 
  i suppose even in there tariffs play a minor role . 
  that 's a bit of an extreme and uncalled for overstatement . 
  after all it was the french who needed our planes to get into mali , it was the france who needed our apache 's to support them , our chinooks to supply them , and it was the french who needed our bombs to hit ghadafi . 
  it 's not all roses on your side either . 
  3 % is merely the max deficit you 're allowed , it should be well below 3 % in order to reach < 60 % debt-gdp . 
   the biggest obstacles to trade are tariffs , if present . 
  they 're not . 
  tariffs are n't a large factor in the west anymore , save a few exceptions ( like steel ) . 
  this is why the eu was n't negotiating an fta with the us or canada . 
   absent tariffs you wo n't increase trade in a meaningful way . 
  you have a very poor understanding of economics . 
   you receive your p60 - an income statement with deductibles etc. 
  - before the end of the tax year , verify the figures and sign it . 
  job done . 
  works the same over here , except you get the ` p60 ' digital and can sign it with your digid . 
   if by `` largest trade barriers '' you mean `` most important obstacles to trade '' almost , only ` in the west ' is missing . 
  these are not purchases , but material removed from service . 
  this is what we had to remove from service to decrease the budget with about 960 million euro . 
  it 's a quite considerable amount . 
  in our case $ 1000 million was 135 leopard 2 's and their support / / maintenance/training , 4 mine hunters , 2 patrol boats , 1 logistics ship , 20 f16 's , 1 dc-10 , 1 patriot battery , and some minor things ( coastal patrol craft , service cars , some mortars and artilery , as well as some smaller airdefense systems ) it 's a lot of money in terms of defense . 
  not all trade barriers . 
  there are several types of trade barriers , one of them being tariffs . 
  free-trade agreements lift tariffs in some sectors , not necessarily all . 
  however tariffs are n't the largest trade barriers in the west , that 's regulation and enforcement . 
  the fact that german products/services would now require approval by british agencies and european , and that british will require approval of both , with both having different requirements . 
  this will lead some companies to stop their activities in the uk because it 's no longer profitable , and others to require higher pricing for the additional costs of changing products/services and needing 2 different certifications . 
   what do you mean ? 
  a plain free-trade agreement with the uk would damage nobody . 
   it would , an fta has a lot more trade barriers than a single market . 
   there is wide support among economists that the corporate income tax should roughly be zero . 
  that support is mostly based on replacing it with capital gain taxes . 
  capital gain taxes are a maze though , there 's no standardisation in that department and little effort to fix that . 
   ngos are part of triton tough not mare nostrum . 
  mare nostrum had only 4-5 navy ships in it and that 's it . 
  triton now has several navy ships from different countries + i did not know triton reached that far , in that case it is a problem . 
   a dutch ship carried migrants all the way from egypt to italy ... that would be an ngo ship , and you guys must be stupid to allow that to make port , or not at least arrest and imprison the crew for smuggling . 
  because that 's what they 're doing , fair and square . 
  mare nostrum has been replaced by ngo 's , the effects continue . 
  in 2012 500 people died , in 2015 5000 people died . 
  mare nostrum started in 2013 and ended in 2014 , these are the effects of it . 
  for comparison , between 1988 and 2011 19.000 people died between libya and italy , that 's an average of about 800 deaths per year . 
  in 2017 we had 800 deaths in 3 months , 1027 in 4 months , and counting . 
  this can be directly attributed to the work of the ngo 's . 
  more people died in 2015 , than the amount that arrived in the first 6 months of 2012 . 
  that 's the effect of mare nostrum and subsequent ngo operations . 
  in 2012 the total death toll was estimated to be 500 , in 2015 it was 3.771 between libya/italy alone . 
   mare nostrum ended in 2014 ... that 's why i said ` was ' . 
   if only everyone could have effective corporate taxes for multinationals in the 0.005 % to 5 % range . 
  or car makers that do n't need to follow emission regulations , or turbine producers that can sell sanctioned goods , or banks that launder money and sell hogwash to unsuspecting clients . 
  that would be something . 
  i suppose we all learn . 
   are you insane ? 
  are you suggesting that the libyan navy and the ngos are fighting some kind of war out there , what 's the source for that ?
