  highest minimum wage us ; washington $ 11 , california $ 10,50 , connecticut $ 10,10 highest minimum wage ez ; luxemburg $ 1998 , ireland $ 1563 , netherlands $ 1561 lowest minimum wage ez ; latvia $ 380 , lithuania $ 380 , slovakia $ 435 do you spot any differences here ? 
   having access to the box of tricks of currency management . 
  ah yes we should all revert back to the gold standard , why did we ever leave it anyway , free markets are terrible right ? 
   as far as i recall david cameron was quite upset with the decision to de facto move the power from the council to parliament . 
  which is precisely the reason why parliament should have sole sovereignty over the decision . 
  memberstates want to exert lasting control on commission politics . 
  they point out the importance of the separation of powers within poland , now this may not be a court , but it is equally important that there be separation of powers between the council and commission . 
  the council is already co-legislator , even with a president that would be elected by parliament . 
   just to be clear it was technically the council that appointed junker , but in reality it was the parliaments decision . 
  that 's a good sign and all , but next time the election outcome could be different , and the council could prefer a candidate from forexample the second largest party , ending the majority in parliament against a council appointee . 
  this process should be officialized . 
  i hope so , because i do n't think the current situation makes for a convincing democracy . 
  the ep should work as normal parliaments do , a majority coalition in the parliament should autonomously form a government with a president/pm , ministers , and a governing accord . 
  this will ensure that the commission will in fact act in the interests of the eu as well . 
   the comparison with iran is ridiculous for multiple reasons . 
  how so ? 
  it works exactly the same , except the guardian council in iran chooses a set of candidates , the eu council only chooses one candidate . 
  and the iranian candidates are then endorsed by the people , not parliament . 
   the appointment of the president of the eu is done by the heads of state of its members , with approval of parliament ( like you said ) . 
  a very democratic process , that is comparable with many democracies in europe . 
  we disagree on the democratic part , but can you name a single country which elects its president this way ? 
  they can , but they still ca n't choose the president . 
  that 's up to the council , it 's merely a guideline . 
  it does n't , and never has . 
  parliament only endorses the council 's apointment . 
   article 17 of the treaty on european union , as amended by the treaty of lisbon , lays out the procedure for appointing the president and his team . 
  the european council votes by qualified majority for a nominee for the post of president , taking account of the latest european elections . 
   you think south stream was canceled because gazprom had a majority share ? 
  i 'm going to give you time to check on that , and edit your comment . 
  yes , that was the reason . 
   in april 2014 russia filed a complaint at the world trade organization against the european union 's energy market laws that were enacted in 2009 , claiming that they violate international rules . 
  ** these laws ban suppliers from owning transit facilities such as gas pipelines , and would force gazprom to allow third-party gas producers to use the south stream pipeline . 
  [ 44 ] ** ------  in june 2014 , bulgaria temporarily stopped construction due to the european commission 's infringement procedure against bulgaria for non-compliance with european rules on energy competition public procurements the eu is n't starting the same procedure against germany of course , because we all know on whom the laws apply and on whom not , besides we 're still waiting for a fine for vw , first things first . 
  following the bulgarian halt of construction the russians quit the project . 
   as for ns2 being illegal : it is n't . 
  -------------  saying that nord stream 2 must meet the eu 's `` ownership unbundling , '' meaning the gas supplier -- gazprom -- can not be the same as the owner of the pipeline . 
   however , some officials have doubts that the third energy package would apply to nord stream 2 , since it is an offshore pipeline and the laws would kick in only once the infrastructure touches eu territory . 
  your opinion is based on this shaky argument , which is nonsense as the bulgarian south stream was na offshore pipeline as well . 
   what do you think happens if germany did n't have to obey eu law emission violations , illegal export of turbines and nord stream 2 ? 
  perhaps even a car manufacturing cartel , stay tuned . 
   the moment he steps down or dies or becomes unable to control the country due to age or illness the whole russian state will collapse . 
  he can not step down , they 'll likely kill him if he does , unless he manages to become the gorbachev of the next president . 
   can someone eli5 me why it is a big deal if a nato member buys weapons from a non-nato member ? 
  because advanced airdefense systems have a kill switch . 
  an s-400 system can not be used against russia or russian aircraft . 
  the european parliament does n't appoint the president . 
  there 's been talks about doing that the next time , but until now all presidents are appointed by the council ( including juncker ) . 
  it works the same in iran , except in iran the guardian council chooses a set of candidates , in the eu the council both chooses the candidates as well as well chooses the president . 
  the president is appointed by the council , a fancy nomenklatura . 
  the parliament only endorses ( the whole at once ) commission . 
  there 's not a single democracy in europe that works like that , closest thing is iran which does the same with the guardian council . 
  that 's okay , we want new ~ ~ york ~ ~ amsterdam back anyway . 
  i hope 18 years is too short to be considered yours . 
  hang on , we 'll send the knil to indonesia , care to spare some ships and planes for the invasion ? 
  we got some invading to do in suriname as well . 
   and germany has all right to make energy deals under the current understanding . 
  it does n't , gazprom has a majority share in nord stream ag which is illegal under eu law . 
  ( and the reason south stream was cancelled ) laws * are * a double edged sword though , they only apply to some in the eu . 
  indeed , all who participate . 
  the us can just sanction these german firms , there 's no way counter sanctions would be passed . 
   the saab gryphon is better yes , than a pilatus pc-10 . 
  it does n't use active radar when it plans to be stealthy . 
  it has lasers and high-end optical targetting hardware , so it can shoot down another jet without using its radar , or destroy an airdefense or other target while being invisible . 
   implying that italy has done nothing to fix it . 
   what exactly has it done then to fix it ? 
   you refuse to cooperate in any of those , yet you want us to stick to your plan ? 
  they refuse to cooperate in your ` plans ' . 
  you refuse to cooperate in their plan . 
  the differences can not be over come . 
  solution seems simple , you have good luck with your problems . 
  alright , have fun there . 
  it is n't resolved , the ship is currently in the hands of the egyptian coast guard . 
  hmhmm , there 's always a good reason for political prosecution . 
  they also blocked their paypall account and have them arrested at the suez currently . 
  such is the plight of being a thorn in the eye of politicians . 
   but it 's a chartered ship . 
  sinking it would only impact the shipowner and not the asshole identitarians . 
  it was . 
  they are prepared for such behaviour from the likes of you , the ship has an armed private contracter security detail on board . 
  the right to property is considered a human right . 
  except in italy now i suppose . 
  utterly disgusting , especially against such an old man . 
  very well . 
  the libyans are fine with taking them back though , only the ngo 's oppose returning them . 
  in fact the libyans are willing to chase ngo ships of to bring them back . 
  it 's what they did before you bombed them as well . 
  a military campaign that went far beyond the unsc resolution , and as such was illegal . 
  which is fine of course , when politicians want it . 
  so the discussion is not about libya , it 's only about ngo 's . 
  they do whatever they want and are getting paid for that , and what they want , seems to correlate enough with what some politicians want for them to have a carte blanche . 
  should 've removed ` his words ' then if you 're using your own words . 
  that 's not what this is about , these people have had the ability of euthanesia for years . 
  in fact i ` lost ' my own grandmother this way 8 years back with euthanesia . 
  it 's now about extending the right to healthy younger people . 
   you 're not doing anything for society . 
  even me , a young white male , wo n't do anything significant in my life . 
  that 's irrelevant too . 
  you 're not aware of the details of this discussion , which is fine . 
  ` worth living ' refers to the persons view of seeing his life worth living , not wether others or rationale does . 
  what this is mostly about is people of 60-80 years old who are lonely and see no point to their life anymore , they may have lost their husband/wife , most of their friends , and they have little .
