  i do n't see any principal of proportionality under threat . 
   so if someone locks you in his cellar and you later complain to it to a judge , do you want the judge to say : ` but the room was nice ? 
  well than that was not imprisonment ' you can lock a burglar up until the police responds . 
  just not in the bathroom ( court ruled that 's too small ), 
  not that uncommon in europe . 
  the company is just a ` freely traded ' proprietorship , however the government has all the shares . 
  it works the same as any commercial company , it 's just that the shareholders meetings are with the government . 
   he walked in , started stabbing random people , and ran out . 
  i doubt he was trying to rob the place . 
   one eyewitness , who ran from the scene into a nearby shop as the situation unfolded , told german broadcaster ntv that it seemed `` hectic and confused , not like a properly planned attack '' . 
  we may never know his motive . 
   at an elevation of 887 m ( 2,910 ft ) , [ 1 ] it is the highest point in both the kingdom of the netherlands , and , since the dissolution of the netherlands antilles on 10 october 2010 , the highest point in the netherlands proper . 
  we beige now . 
  you know there 's treatment to help you manage the coprolalia symptoms of the tourette syndrome . 
  i suppose you have prove for this bold statement ? 
  or you expect me to take the unsubstantiated claims of a partisan over the testimony of those involved ? 
   you 're literally quoting a nazi on what supposedly happened , dude . 
  no , i was quoting the ships crew . 
  welcome to the [ noordoostpolder ] ( http://www.windparknoordoostpolder.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/wmw_pb-opendag_dsc_4352.jpg ) . 
   the netherlands is mostly because the mortgage law there makes it an advantage to only pay interest . 
   that is not allowed anymore , only ` old ' mortgages can still be ` aflossingsvrij ' ( no need to pay back , only interest ) no new ones are allowed to be . 
  but this does n't take into account the assets of people , not just the houses , but also the pensions . 
  there 's about 1000 billion euro in dutch pension funds . 
  which is $ 60.000 per capita , or about $ 130.000 per working citizen . 
  ` growing ' is a rather hollow statement , since there 's no static baseline . 
  the world economy has expanded , both on a per capita as well as nominal base , which means that even reaching ` pre-crisis level ' in terms of dollars means you 're still poorer than you were . 
  at least in relation to everybody else , and what else is poverty if not your relative financial position to others . 
  soldiers , but also private militias from chechnya or other paradises . 
   but i think it 's wrong to suggest that even the majority of separatists are n't ukrainian . 
  agreed , it 's closer to all of them being from outside ukraine , majority would imply that at least a plurality comes from ukraine , which it doesn ; t. 
  slechts 5 tot 10 procent is russisch gas . 
  technically it 's a private company , but it 's wholly owned by the italian state . 
  i see the new generation is already improving . 
  i 've always been told that age solves all , nice to see that reaffirmed . 
  how do you kill 76,2 % of a person ? 
   a solution like that was ruled unconstitutional because detention is viewed as a punishment and a punishment must be proportional to the crime . 
  then you put up garlands in his/her cell , prepare a cake with candles , install a music system and bring a tray with lemonade , cheese blocks and small sausages . 
  it will be a party not a punishment . 
   or the state could in fact arrest you indefinitely if you are a tourist and lose your passport . 
  they ca n't , since your embassy can issue a new ( temporary ) document . 
   not owning a passport or equivalent documentation is punishable with a fine , not imprisonment . 
  you ca n't collect a fine from a person that does not exist . 
  not owning a passport or documentation is not punishable . 
  not carrying one if you have one just is . 
   so now we have two arguments that contradict each other . 
   you still do n't get it . 
  russia wo n't shut it 's biggest markets off , that 's why eastern/central europe is safe at this moment . 
  when a portion of western europe switches to a different pipeline russia will shut the rest off through ukraine . 
  however russia offers them another pipeline through turkey instead . 
  which they prefer over the molotov-ribbontrop ii , as they do n't want to rely on germany for obvious reasons . 
  if ` everybody ' is behind the same pipeline , putin wo n't close that pipeline obviously . 
  well 5 of them in exchange for money , the other 15 just kept waiting for their flight . 
  they 're not migrants . 
  they 're crew who were supposed to depart in egypt , where the ship was confiscated by the egyptian coast guard . 
  so what are you saying , non-partisans ca n't employ foreigners ? 
   these sailors were supposed to disembark in egypt , but it was ultimately impossible . 
   [ ... ]  it alleged that as the `` 20 apprentice sailors '' waited at the airport to return home , ngos `` offered them to stay in europe and apply for asylum in exchange for promises and money '' . 
   fifteen refused to do so , the statement added , while five accepted the alleged bribes `` and are now making false accusations against the owner of the ship '' . 
  it said the vessel had headed to cyprus after it had been unable to dock in egypt . 
  they ca n't win , so they make their own cup ? 
  the title was 100 % the same as the article . 
  the article was n't even in german . 
  the reason for removal is because it 's local crime . 
  edit sorry ; i 'm confused , they removed the other submission as well with 217 replies and 100 upvotes . 
  they were all local crimes . 
   stop being a fucking moron hej i 'm just saying what the rules are . 
  do n't blame this on me , i did not make them , do not enforce them , nor do i support them . 
  that is a crime , local crime is against the rules . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/binaries/rijksoverheid/documenten/kamerstukken/2015/11/23/beantwoording-kamervragen-over-gasdeals-van-gasunie-en-shell-met-russisch-staatsbedrijf-gazprom/beantwoording-kamervragen-over-gasdeals-van-gasunie-en-shell-met-russisch-staatsbedrijf-gazprom.pdf ) a parliament piece following questions from 2 labour mp 's to the minister of economic affairs ( it 's a pdf , but it 's safe , official government source ) they simply deny taking any position , this explains it quite well ;  de nederlandse overheid treedt niet in overeenkomsten tussen private bedrijven . 
  but it is not exhaustive . 
  they neither support nor oppose it in the current climate , where as formerly ( pre - mh17 and invasion of ukraine ) they supported it . 
  knives are not the problem , it 's clear the victims did n't keep an arms length distance though . 
  if they did , the knive could 've never reached them . 
   can you explain that ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   there 's a pipeline in ukraine . 
  that pipeline is not going to be shut down when the eu is behind it . 
  if germany wants to construct a separate pipeline then the others will construct one too , because they do need gas , but do n't want it from germany . 
  he was declared a ` persona non-grata ' in moldova apparently . 
   learly not considering none of them have stated any different sofar , they have . 
  politicians here do n't dare to support it anymore because the public loathes it . 
   congratulations , you are the only country in the world that does n't act in its own economic interest . 
   corruption and energy reliance on a regime that shoots our citizens out of the skies and invades and annexes their neighbours is not in our interest , neither economical nor in any other . 
   should that be `` with ns there 's no need for ts ? 
   the point is , if austria vetoes nord stream , germany will veto turkish stream . 
  maybe germany will veto the three seas initiative too . 
  without nord stream there 's no need for turkish stream . 
  neutral is not supportive , neutral is being neither opposed nor in favour . 
  being against sanctions is not the same as being in favour of nord stream . 
  the count of countries in favour seems to remain on 1 , not very many . 
   also austria , germany , netherlands , france and the uk as goverments supported creating the project , times change . 
   odd that those countries then specifically and openly voice their support for it . 
  they did n't . 
   and more govemrnets than germany supported and fostered it into being back in the planning stage , such as finland . 
  --  according to the finnish ministry of economic affairs and employment , nord stream-2 is unlikely to impact the country 's gas market . 
   `` the nord stream-2 gas pipeline that is planned to be built , like nord stream , will run across finland and the baltic countries . 
  it will have no impacts on finland 's gas market . 
  hence , our position on that matter is neutral , '' so what is the support up now , germany and nobody else so far ? 
   i mean , nordstream 2 is going to be 51 % owned by gazprom & is going yes but they made the former german pm chairman , that has to count for something . 
  they offered the same to the italian pm with south stream , who seem to have had a bit more integrity .
