  this is exactly the kind of thinking that ruined it . 
  when all works out well for everybody we 're all happy and participating , when things get rough it is not working well for us , and we all choose our own path . 
  i 'm okay with ignoring trust and goodwill and only fight for our own interests , but that 's not getting you a fiscal union . 
  trust and goodwill are the only things that will get the eurozone together , because they will ensure that we cooperate even when things are n't to our own advantage every now and then . 
   but of course , this is not part of your educated opinion hence it must be ` naive ' , ` childish ' or ` utopian ' !, 
  i can not wait for europe to prove you wrong . 
  i hope it does one day , but for now , the only person europe proved wrong seems to be you . 
  geographically it is n't even in europe . 
  so we 're going by the purely ` political ' meaning of the term , which would put cyprus in southern europe . 
  cyprus would be southern europe . 
  there 's no eastern civilization . 
  let me remind you that your national socialist ideals should 've stayed in the 1940s . 
  spain , portugal , ireland and the uk are n't on the map either . 
  verstappen has a double passport too . 
  a belgian driver who declared himself dutch , because he had more in common with the netherlands . 
  at least there 's a positive side to one of those very rare losses against finland . 
  they 're not your people , the only people they need saving from is you . 
  that depends what you mean by ` reciprocate ' . 
  invasion , annexation and occupation is never an agreeable ` reciprocation ' . 
   absolutely , but the necessary beginning as well which is a far cry from having lost the one and only window of opportunity for eternity . 
   on the matter of a fiscal union there 's no beginning . 
  merkel no longer actively supports one . 
  in 2011 she made attempts to create one , then the dutch pm said he would leave the eurozone to rompuy and the plan was dropped . 
  at this moment merkel is no longer making strides for a fiscal union . 
  in fact she has even refused to condone the basic elements of one ( eurobonds ) , and the attempts at a common taxation ( ftt ) has so far been unsuccesful , and multiple eurozone countries will not participate if it would ever be implemented ( netherlands , finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania ) these are the very first baby steps of a fiscal union , and they 're already unworkable . 
   one of your educated opinions , i presume . 
  not every brainfart requires an educated opinion to dispel . 
  you make a good point at saying ` nothing is eternal ' , but the rest of your believes are naive at best . 
  there was a chance after the 2008 crisis to create something that resembles the beginning of a fiscal union , however countries decided that instead of piling means into a common fiscal authority and weather the crises to come together , we would blame each other for our misery , condemn whole societies to a lost generation , and make a profit out of it while we 're at it . 
  the trust is gone , as well as the ` honeymoon ' stage of the eurozone . 
  france might make a turn with the new president , but getting all 19 heads together again is just not realistic anymore . 
  we will hurdle on to the next crisis , and then we 'll see how we kick the ball down the road again , or take our losses . 
   except that what preceded the one-liner was based on my observation on how france and germany seem to move closer to a common opinion than has ever been the case previously . 
  i assume you understand the relevance of this ? 
   a fiscal union will require unanimous support . 
  france and germany can move closer all they want , it will depend on the other 17 . 
   then let me be clear with what i believe : france and germany will be able to convince a sufficiently broad alliance of countries to create a fiscal union . 
  the dutch government and people will be convinced of the necessity of such a union . 
  it 's more likely a meteor will strike germany and france at the same time to create a large lake that we then polder out to annex it then that that would happen . 
   you 're the one who stated that the window of opportunity has passed , indeed , what is needed to repair the relations is practically beyond the reach of our politicians . 
   then started talking about dutch politics having changed their mind on fiscal union . 
  that already sounds like you 've taken some more time reading , a fiscal union does not equate to ` any reform ' . 
   do n't accuse other ppl . 
  of mental illness if they take you for your word . 
  well it 's a bit harsh to call seeing things that are n't there a mental illness . 
  i was n't trying to imply you 've an illness , just that you were seeing things that are n't there . 
   that such a window has passed is your opinion , and it will always be just that . 
  there 's a difference between an educated opinion , and your edgy one-liner . 
  not in the netherlands , but there 's plenty in amsterdam . 
   that this would certainly mean no dutch support for any future reform you 're hallucinating . 
   to which i disagree , simply because as you quite rightly point out , preferences change over time . 
  there would have to be a reason for it to change . 
   i know fptp distorts not just fptp , the constituency system as well . 
  you 're only getting seats if you have a local majority , if you have a national wide platform you can get millions of votes but 0 or perhaps 1 seat , like ukip . 
   but support that does n't translate into seats is about as useful as a chocolate teapot . 
  real popular support is actually pretty important , the fact that it does n't translate to seats does n't really matter , because the whole of a country 's politics is n't only about seats . 
  they would never be in the eu . 
  iceland does n't have a lot going for them in terms of a diverse economy , they ca n't compete with the large european trawlers that would be scooping up their quota 's , and so they were never going to join . 
   the other parties ( sp , pvdd and sgp ) do n't want to leave the european union , but are either highly critical of giving the eu more power , want to leave the eurozone or think the current eu only acts in the interest of big business . 
  50 plus can be considered eurosceptic as well , considering they want to boot the poor countries out of the eurozone . 
  but i think the map does it well , eurosceptic comes in a variety of forms , just like ` pro-eu ' , and sp , and sgp are certainly eurosceptic . 
  * do n't want european industrial fishing in their water , because that 's what icelanders live from * do n't want eu quota 's and rules on fishery population , because that 's what icelanders live from that 's it basically , an eu membership would wreck their economy . 
   and they only have 12 mps . 
  that 's not an accurate metric for support in the uk though . 
  you are presenting nothing but your opinion , i 'm presenting an observation of a eurozone that has been around for 16 years without fiscal union , as well as an electoral statement ( elections - 2012 ) , and even a representative statement ( rutte - 2012 ) from a country which previously lobbied for a fiscal union that a fiscal union is simply not an option anymore . 
  if he can do this with the entire phone network , i would start wondering what else he can do ( is doing ) with the phone network . 
  it would n't be a bad idea to not talk politics on the phone at least , lest you end up in jail . 
  or just pkk for short . 
  they 're not getting paid to send them south . 
  so is turkey . 
  lukashenko at least has some wits , ca n't say the same about erdogan . 
  actually the answer would be that germans are pkk . 
  pkk is everywhere . 
  it 's in pretty bad shape indeed , fort zeelandia is in much better shape and not much younger ( 1651 ) . 
  well they healed it , helped them ensure their safety . 
  the nazi 's stole it from our faults , but could n't sell it , except through switserland . 
  without switzerland the gold would 've been useless . 
  buying/selling stolen goods is illegal too . 
   and the neutrality of switzerland ... well ... fun fact , the swiss were still returning stolen gold to the netherlands up until 1998 . 
  they still have 73 tons ( 2 billion euro ) of our gold , but they had a referendum on it and stopped paying back the last bit . 
  originally they stole 150 tons though , and returned 77 tons until 1998 . 
  it 's your most prized possession , you 'll remember where it is . 
  besides , all of them are locked , so taking another one is n't really an option . 
  it does n't rain that often , but if it does , yes we just go yolo through the rain . 
  as some already mentioned , we 're raised by our moms with ` you 're not made of sugar ' , in other words we do not desolve in rain , so you 'll survive . 
  another strategy is of course to have the weather radar on your phone ( www.buienradar.nl ) and plan your journey ahead . 
  if you 're planning on leaving on 8:30 it may be that it is raining then , but dry at 8:10 , so then you better leave at 8:10 . 
   it still will have a lot of young people due to its extreme size alone . 
  these young people will need to work more to keep their elderly alive and well . 
  in any case , china is a low-wage manufacturing economy which is about to switch to a consumption economy , it 's effectively skipping a stage in development . 
  without that stage , they will not be able to remain an economic superpower . 
  you see with 2 pensioners for every worker , low wages are n't an option anymore . 
   if their investment in robotics pays off . 
  robotics replace simple manual labour , but introduce more skilled labour in return . 
  try teaching a 60 year old to program , or design circuits . 
  we 're a long way from a fossil fuel free economy , and until such time , it 's better to buy gas from cyprus than from russia . 
  france is not a superpower , but compared to turkey it is . 
  the floating museum the turks send [ is ] ( http://www.shipspotting.com/photos/middle/0/7/7/2021770.jpg ) a nice indication of that . 
  that may threaten the cypriots , but not a single french was impressed . 
  i never said it was your responsibility .
