  it was either no gas anymore , or import gas from germany . 
  they decided , rightfuly so , that they will not import gas from germany . 
  i hope all countries will make similar arrangements . 
  it is neither a theory nor a conspiracy , just an observation . 
  it is okay for the eu to kill of south stream because it was only bulgaria , now with germany it is suddenly a matter of ` national responsibility ' . 
   its known how this is all about to split eu energy-market from russia which is an eu goal . 
  but carry on hating the americans . 
   `` creating a well-diversified and competitive gas market is a priority of the eu 's energy security and energy union strategy . 
  as we have stated already several times , nord stream 2 does not contribute to the energy union 's objectives . 
  if the pipeline is nevertheless built , the least we have to do is to make sure that it will be operated in a transparent manner and in line with the main eu energy market rules . '', 
  commissioner for climate action and energy miguel arias ca\u00f1ete said : `` as any other infrastructure project in the eu , nord stream 2 can not and should not operate in a legal void or according to a third country 's energy laws only . 
   we are seeking to obtain a council mandate to negotiate with russia a specific regime which will apply key principles of eu energy law to nord stream 2 to preserve the functioning of the european internal energy market '' . 
   we can have both russian gas pipelines we already have russian pipelines . 
  except the current one does n't allow putin to block ukraine . 
  so putin wants a new one . 
  why do you deflect this on us ? 
  nord stream ii is a german project , just because some foreign companies are involved does n't mean you have the support of whole countries . 
  only when it 's about germany . 
  in bulgaria energy policy was an eu responsibility . 
  the eu commission launched an infringement procedure to decide on the case . 
   the majority of the eu is in favour of it which majority exactly ? 
  germany , and maybe belgium ? 
   ( which , incidentally , are all the major contributors of the eu ) . 
  italy is not a major contributor ? 
  or from turkey . 
   the commission announced a target of having at least 40 % women in management by 2019 . 
  why is n't the commission 40 % women by 2019 ? 
  [ i see ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/commission/commissioners/sites/cwt/files/styles/team_image_1280px/public/group2_0.jpg?itok=tcq9vrs1 ) 20 white males and 8 females , so much for diversity . 
  i suppose the gender composition of their secretaries is n't much better . 
   their own common travel area predates the troubles that started in 1968 and lasted for thirty years ( total dead : 3,532 . 
  total injured : 47,500 + ) . 
  clearly , the cta was n't enough to resolve the tensions . 
   it was n't , it was not however the eu that ` effectively erased the border ' . 
  not all people are equally likely to do so , nor as efficient in doing so . 
  you ca n't turn that one on its side , 2/10 for the effort though . 
  i 'll give a higher rating if you remove the eagle and replace it with 2 lions , rotated 90 degrees to the right . 
   because the republic of ireland and the uk were both eu members , that effectively erased the border between northern ireland and the roi . 
  neither ireland nor uk are part of schengen . 
  they have their own common travel area , which just like the benelux , predates the eu . 
   pretty left-wing . 
   pretty let 's just say full communism . 
  ` love of country ' would be closer to patriotism than nationalism . 
   bears absolutely no responsibility for wwii . 
  you could say they do bear a responsibility to not let it happen again . 
   $ kbg  $ cia involvement confirmed . 
  ` have hammer , see nail ' and ` have surgical knife , must make incision ' . 
  that 's half the story . 
  the other half is that while the eu does not have a mandate , single european countries have the power to end this . 
  they never did , europeans just went in ` gung-ho ' , 500 pounder here and there , ghadafi to kingdom come , and arrivederci . 
  italian oil fields be damned , if macron can solve the libya chapter , that would be the best thing to happen to this continent in 27 years . 
  regardless the sultans standard is clearly based on the ottoman imperial standard , i was just wondering wether that symbol is used often . 
  i 've personally not seen it in a modern context in turkey . 
  g\u00fclenist conspiracy confirmed . 
  it 's not really the same though , erdogans sultan standard has 7 points instead of the 12 of the berlin polizei . 
  also the blood red colour is on the turkish symbol , not on the berlin one . 
  is that still commonly used ? 
  it looks a lot like the [ imperial standard ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/22/imperial_standard_of_the_ottoman_sultan.svg/2000px-imperial_standard_of_the_ottoman_sultan.svg.png ) save the inner characters . 
   why are n't the carriers bringing them to italy asked to return them ? 
  because under an eu directive , airliners are liable for all costs incurred from the process . 
  they tend to avoid that . 
  why does erdogan have the imperial standard of the ottoman sultan on his press-desk ? 
  it 's an old article they were already released , they 're now arrested in cyprus . 
  the article mentions a majority stake ( to be specific , they bought 51 % in 1999 ) but a couple of years later ( 2006 or so ) they bought the remainder as well . 
  it 's the shipyard where the largest dutch naval vessel to date ( the jlss , at 205m and 28.000 tons ) was laid down . 
  santierul naval galati is 100 % owned by damen schelde naval shipbuilding . 
  it was privatized long ago . 
  if democracy means a return to religion , then forgive me for prefering general hafter i , cousin of al-sisi i. 
  the egyptian government is not the holy grail of developed societies , but they 're quite okay compared to some other options . 
   this means that the core ca n't just increase temperature till it goes boom because it does n't need a pump to cool it . 
  that will be done passively by the nature of the design . 
  couple this with  the passive cooling only suffices for a limited period of time . 
  also the ` boom ' is not the issue , fukushima did n't say ` boom ' either . 
  ( the boom is merely a steam explosion ) if the core melts down , it means it becomes so hot that it just melts through the foundation of the reactor , through the ground , until it reaches the ground water ( where some fukushima cores are at the moment ) the ground water will cool them , but they will obviously contaminate it . 
   well ... it seems technology matters , because removing the requirement for active cooling , the fukushima case would have avoided the explosion . 
  the requirement for active cooling is n't removed , it 's just postponed . 
   or that before al-sisi ( in that case we are saying the same thing : he wants to be in a position to organize a coup ) we are saying the same thing . 
  i think he wants to reserve the position for a coup , but will let elections choose wether that will be a necessity . 
  if there are any technical details that would say otherwise , feel free to quote them . 
  you made the claim , i did not . 
  even the newest reactors can face the same scenario as fukushima , they need active cooling or they melt down , pretty simple . 
  new reactors can go without active cooling for longer , but then we 're still talking about roughly 48 hours . 
  and while systems constantly make reactors safer , you can not always prepare for the worst . 
   but he does n't want civilian control over the military . 
  why ? 
  to avoid another egypt ? 
   it is very important to understand that there are no ` passively safe ' reactors or ` passively safe ' systems , only ` passively safe ' components of safety systems exist . 
  thought as much , what you say is simply not true . 
  a reactor can never be fully shut down , not even the newest types . 
  how so ? 
  any source on that ? 
   fukushima is a good example of exactly that . 
  newer reactors are safer . 
  fukushima is a good example of technology not mattering at all . 
  the reason fukushima failed is because the back-up diesel generators were n't adequetely positioned , they washed away in the tsunami , together with the back-up grid it was supposed to replace if it failed . 
   if we were serious about saving the environment , we 'd expand nuclear energy production . 
  i would be more supportive of the dutch plan to use wind , water and sun , store the energy by creating ammonia , and burning ammonia in existing gas plants . 
  ammonia releases no carbon , burning it only release nitrogen ( which is the most common element of our air ) and water . 
  ammonia can be burned in existing plants with very minor adjustments , there 's currently a plant running in the netherlands to test it . 
  however already existing nuclear plants should serve their life time out . 
  a belgian nuclear reactor faced sabotaged , an employee drained oil from a turbine which was subsequently severely damaged .
