  it is very disrespectful . 
  we do n't want the americans to start another war . 
  what were they punishing them for ? 
  the guy who made the bloody `` thank you usa '' video ? 
  the kosovars who erected a statue of bill clinton in their country ? 
  donald trump will appreciate that . 
  it 's complicated but it has a lot to do with nato, 
  ah that 's why the year 2000 was n't actually the start of the new millennium . 
  `` sedmica '' also means something like `` little seventh '', 
  how fair are elections in russia ? 
  even if some other party win popular vote would putin find a way to stay in power ? 
  two wrongs do not make a right . 
  sometimes two wrongs make a much greater wrong than just one would have . 
  used to exert violence on non-compliant nations under the guise of `` humanitarianism '' . 
  talons for your car ? 
  well not that one . 
  they did slit the throat of another one while they were shaving him . 
  they may or may not have drank his blood . 
  how did the cia define this ? 
  my grandpa 's name was raki, 
  ... turkey is more secular than the states ??? 
  combat forum is n't even a real thing dude, 
  common situation in my fantasies at least, 
  that 's a fucking hilarious google search btw, 
  so why has it taken so incredibly long ? 
  and what if you make eye contact while just walking down the street ? 
  autistic is the word you 're looking for . 
  i 've read eye contact is seen as directly aggressive in many european countries . 
  dog is `` av av '', 
   `` this is n't a question of religion or ethnicity but of learning , as we are an educational institution . 
  it 's about how to create the best learning and we believe you can do that best when you can communicate openly with one another , '' she said , according the copenhagen post . 
  ya you should totally annex them, 
  but you like cheese ... 
  i mean at least he was free to move to austria . 
  that 's the thing about titoism - you had freedom of movement . 
  as far as autocracy 's go it was relatively benevolent, 
  that is not a european country bro, 
  and also luxembourgish is a retarded name for a language , almost as bad as romansh imo, 
  i think the romans turned into the italians unfortunately, 
  entertainment, 
  if people were just open minded and honest about their hate we would have no problems at all . 
  * r/askeuropean, 
  itt : racism does n't actually exist that 's just how we are nbd . 
  not treat him like a second class citizen because his skin contains more melanin ? 
  racism hurts you too you know ... it 's bad for the soul and the economy . 
  yes exactly it turns out the nazis were actually not racist because they did n't think they were . 
  that is exactly how racism works . 
  thank you for intellectual and nuanced input, 
  i believe you believe racism is n't a *** major *** issue because that makes you fucking uncomfortable and you dismiss his constant daily , * systemic * discrimination because you for some reason think it 's equivalent to making a pole joke . 
  that 's called white priviledge . 
  lol . 
  this dude is just like the asshats who discriminate you . 
  it is exactly the unspoken problem with europe . 
  `` racism does n't exist , you just deal with assholes '' . 
  yes , the us has lots of racial tension , but at least that tension can exist because people are actually aware and outspoken about what racism is . 
  good luck to you brother . 
  yes there are ethnic rivalries , but they fucking pale in comparison to people who look different . 
  that 's human nature . 
  oh i see , i thought it was one ballot and if your candidate did n't do well your vote automatically transfers . 
  how do french election vote transfers work ? 
  how can you transfer a vote from le pen to abstention ? 
  but the specific problem of being wary of right wing authoritarians is likely due to franco . 
  fuck you those weapons came from turkey, 
  i appreciate your advice . 
  idk why everyone has to get so offended about the truth lol . 
   if one lays with a girl that is more than fifteen but under seventeen , and is a virgin , shall be imprisoned for a maximum of three months or fined three hundred marks . 
  til 19th century finland had stricter underage sex laws than current finland, 
  you have a way with words . 
  did you know that there were 30 kosovar refugees in the year before nato bombing ? 
  in the month after there were 3000 . 
  the us never goes to war for humanitarian reasons bud . 
  exactly correct thank you . 
  saudi arabia is well known for spreading extermist islam to the balkans . 
  the 9/11 terrorists were trained in camps in banja luka ( bosnia ) . 
   because it is hard to prepare it 's easier and faster than regular coffee . 
  my demented 82 year old grandma can still do it . 
  you put water in a djerdir ( little stovetop coffee pot ) . 
  you boil water . 
  you put a spoon of `` turska kafa '' ( like espresso ) in . 
  re-boil , turn off the stove before it overflows . 
  / r/shitamericanssay there 's no arguing with you people . 
  it 's plain as day , everything he does is good and righteous correct and no criticism will ever be valid . 
  you guys are brainwashed . 
  single minded focus on changing us policy toward russia for `` unknown '' reasons . 
  business interests in russia . 
  appointing a secretary of state with incredibly close ties to russia , far higher than any other sec . 
  of state in us history . 
  tillerson has received russia 's highest civilian honor , the `` order of friendship '' from vladimir putin . 
  michael flynn having secret discussions with the kremlin about reducing sanctions . 
  the secret discussions are suspect . 
  the motivation for them is even more so . 
  the russian hacks only targeting one side when they were more than capable of targeting both . 
  trump criticizes everybody . 
  he never criticizes putin . 
  ever . 
  ever . 
  he speaks highly of him . 
  why ? 
  the denial of the annexation of crimea as an illegal by international law . 
  trump made it a fundamental part of the republican platform to remove sanctions regard crimea .
