hahaha why does the most popular surname in finland mean deaf/dumb ? 
  bro , you think if we had nukes , america would have taken kosovo from us ? 
  why is a local town directly paying for her benefits anyway , should n't it be the canton/federal gov ` t ? 
  nah it 's the price is right font . 
  most likely these arabs have bushy asshair too , so i can relate to them , 
  oh he 's saying immigrants fucked it up ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  how nice , it 's sad to come from such a fucked up place , but it 's nice that they can still recognize goodness when they see it . 
  it really humanizes them . 
  seems like these people would integrate well into german society . 
  how nice , it 's sad to come from such a fucked up place , but it 's nice that they can still recognize goodness when they see it . 
  it really humanizes them . 
  seems like these people would integrate well into european society . 
  i guess if the only thing helping you sleep at night is semantics , then sure continue to believe that . 
  can you explain if hungary is saying they 're a german problem why they do n't just let them go on their way to germany ? 
  why try to force them to stay in hungary and use their national resources to support them when it would be cheaper to just let them go to germany ? 
  can you explain if hungary is saying they 're a german problem why they do n't just let them go on their way to germany ? 
  why try to force them to stay in hungary and use their national resources to support them when it would be cheaper to just let them go to germany ? 
  just check to make sure you still have both kidneys when you 're leaving . 
  sad to see yugo 's not on this list :(, 
  irish style music with serbian accents is hilarious !, 
  probably just as alone as albania ... 
  i do n't know of any languages even * related * to albanian . 
  we were able to stand up to stalin , and use him as an ally because of our non-aligned movement . 
  he was a threat , but ultimately was very helpful , and that alliance with russia has remained since we are much weaker , less self-reliant , now than then , and russia is still powerful and actually non-threatening . 
  well not serbia ... 
  lol . 
  then you 're a racist . 
  good for you . 
  not like this though . 
  you have freedom of speech * and * freedom of religion that are confounded . 
  also i agree with your sentiment . 
  should be banned . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/volksb%c3%bccherei_braunau_03.jpg can you translate ? 
  bulgarians are in the balkans now ? 
  what was on it ? 
  are you sure that 's bacon ? 
  when would one eat that ? 
  wow, 
  beef jerky is as far from suho meso as sour cream is from kajmak . 
  it 's kinda like a cross between beef jerky and prosciutto . 
  and a cross between sour cream and cheese . 
  no , thank you !, 
  your link sucks, 
  talk about sodium overdose, 
  that is totally what the european version of a hawaiian pizza would look like . 
  i have chills, 
  funnily enough , no italian has posted pictures of what their pizza looks like yet !, 
  because i am not a seljak ( villager ), 
  post me pictures of hillibillies, 
  post pictures of a danish hawaiian !, 
  why is not a `` pizza '' in your mind ? 
  but what 's it actually ? 
  chile 38 urugay 28 http://www.prosperity.com/#!/ranking, 
  the refugees who came 15 years ago would be from the balkans no ? 
  wait , left = sinister ? 
  you 're just gon na pull out a random insult because you feel insulted ? 
  there 's a difference between a nation being a good ally and an individual proclaiming that he will fight and die for you . 
  r u going 2 be jailed 4 comenting on this video ? 
  a lot of american military have what we call a `` savior-complex '' . 
  but there are no war criminals . 
  also something about buy-and-let-live . 
  but all arabs are members of isis this is common knowledge on this sub get with the program, 
  and true . 
  refusing to respond to my argument because i used the word `` racist '' is lazy and stupid . 
  it 's neithers fault is my point !, 
  technicalities . 
  a racists last defense in a losing argument . 
  and no , no it does not . 
  good thing the syrians are n't mutilating women . 
  ziggypox implying syrian refugees are responsible for their situation , presumably due to an intrinsic part of their culture or personalities . 
  racism is n't an insult , it 's just a characteristic of your behavior . 
  it 's like if i say you are too judgmental or too sensitive or any other characteristic with a negative connotation during an argument with you , am i defaming you or am i just trying to have a discussion with you ? 
  racism = / = douchnozzle asshole fucktard < -- those are insults . 
  i will ask my deda if he recognizes, 
  to answer your question , re-read what i just wrote . 
  which side 's which ? 
  racism is n't meant to be an insult here . 
  it 's just a fact regarding the attitude you ( presumably ) and most other redditors on this sub have . 
  like this is what racism is , you guys are doing it , and it 's wrong on a human level . 
  but you 're not bad people , so please do n't think i mean to insult you . 
  thank you !, 
  they love this man because he is `` honest '' but honesty to them is being xenophobic or racist or whatever other anti-liberal values are in vogue right now . 
  it 's being honest in your hatred . 
  the subreddit , and reddit in general , is seriously being taken over by hateful right wing , small minded , losers . 
  it sucks . 
  i do n't care about made up legal channels and societal rules . 
  people in massive distress , take massive risk and spend lots of money to go on a terribly long and hard and uncomfortable journey to europe . 
  they do n't do that for fun ya know ? 
  they do it because their current situation sucks . 
  because life in a refugee camp sucks . 
  because they are humans and some will do everything in their control to potentially get a better life . 
  how can you have so little empathy ? 
  you would do the same exact thing . 
  every human would . 
  syrians and arabs and whoever else are not so different than everyone else in the world you know ? 
  saying they are at fault for their dictatorships and western wars due to the personal failings of an entire people is dumb af and shows a complete lack of understanding of the geo-political situation in the region and what led to it 's current state . 
  it 's also racist af . 
  but that 's include in the `` dumb af '' part . 
  he 's not saying he should automatically get a job in the swedish legal system , that is asinine .
