  he 's just saying his situation in life sucks now . 
  why is that so controversial ? 
  why does that have to mean he 's an ungrateful fuck to you people ? 
  `` i have food and water and am no longer being actively bombed or killed , i should always be happy and never complain ever '' . 
  lol dude . 
  how can anyone win with you ? 
  this is what i 'm saying , people like you will come up with any reason to blame refugees or arabs for their problems . 
  he is literally complaining that he wants to work and you think this is a bad thing ? 
  like what he should just never complain or feel a negative emotion again ? 
  the man wants work . 
  he is the model refugee . 
  if he was complaining that sweden did n't give him enough free shit this would be a different story , but he literally just wants to work , for his own sake , and you are somehow twisting that to be a bad thing ? 
  what can he do to impress you hmm ? 
  shut up , smile , and be happy all day ? 
  you are imposing non-human expectations on this whole group of people that you would not be able to follow because you lack empathy and will dismiss anything they say no matter what it is . 
  i mean it 's true . 
  all people are the same . 
  you would do the same were you in their shoes , yet you feel the need to insult them as people for trying to seek a better life . 
  you may not like that , you may feel they drain your resources but none of this makes them bad people ... which is why you need subconcious racism to justify your hatred . 
  1 ) cult of personality - megalomania ( kim jong ) 2 ) governance through individual authoritarian dominance ( hideki tojo ) 3 ) xenophobic creation of an enemy to hate on and blame for all the problems facing country ( hitler and the juden ) 4 ) violence towards protesters and advocacy of such violence ( mussolini ) textbook fascism dude . 
  at the very least , all of the seeds of it . 
  maybe you 're okay with that . 
  but do n't try to deny it . 
  how can you say people fleeing the shithole of the middle east in search of a better life are at fault ? 
  i guarantee you and every other human who disparages them would do the exact same thing . 
  make laws against it if you want , protect your homeland , whatever , but do n't fucking insult these people like they 're selfish assholes invading your territory when in fact they are in fact coming from shit you could n't even imagine in order to get a better life for themselves . 
  what is so offensive about that ? 
  and that 's the part where you are racist . 
  humans are basically good . 
  human beings fleeing war and taking opportunities for a better life are not bad . 
  this is where we disagree . 
  nothing . 
  but we should n't disparage or insult this guy or the refugees either ... that 's the attitude that 's ugly and wrong . 
  it 's a shitty situation , with no one at fault , for both parties . 
  no , that 's what you did . 
  stand up for liberal western values by insulting arabs !!, 
  this comment is like the essence of this sub . 
  lol . 
  you 'll take any opportunity to blame the refugee no matter what . 
   the guy is a freaking lawyer , from syria no less . 
  how the hell can he not know that bureaucracy can take a lot of time ? 
  `` he 's stupid he should know better . 
  i would have known better . '', 
   but if he doesnt want to live like an animal he can always go back to his family in turkey or whatever . 
  there 's always something they can do to improve their situation [ they 're just too stupid/lazy/ungrateful to do it ] blame the refugee man . 
  it 's very easy to do that . 
  but it 's too simplistic and ignores the reality of the situation . 
  it does serve to alleviate you of any responsibility or feelings of empathy though , so that must feel nice at the very least . 
  most people i disagree with politically are usually just liars . 
  trump is crazy , and i do n't use that as an insult . 
  he legit has narcissistic personality disorder ( notice how he never takes ownership of a mistake ? 
  the man ca n't feel shame ) . 
  the truth does n't matter to a bullshitter . 
  which is what he does . 
  he says anything and at the moment you can hear it in his voice , he believes everything he says . 
  but he contradicts himself and does n't say much . 
  his flow of speech is lacking substance but full of personality . 
  everything comes down to how good ** he ** is . 
  the main policy issues being demonizing immigrants and blaming literally everyone else . 
  everything else is masturbating is ego and belittling and insulting everyone else . 
  ironic that you criticize me for the ad hominem attacks when that 's all donald does . 
  `` little marco '' `` lying ted '' , `` sweaty marco '' ... how can you seriously criticize me for that but not your candidate ?????? 
  this guys platform is 50 % insulting people , 40 % bragging endlessly about himself , 10 % blaming immigrants and obama and establishment republicans ( literally everyone ) for the countries problems . 
  the scary part is he probably believes everything he says , that 's how narcissistic he is . 
  at his core he 's incredibly insecure and needs to project an over-inflated image of himself to deal with it . 
  anyway , mental illness aside , the man is a textbook fascist . 
  and not the good kind . 
  the megolomaniacal , incompetent kind . 
  think mussolini . 
  and i 'm sad that people like you seriously buy into the message and take the bravado at face value . 
  good to know . 
  i will see you in 's - hertogenbosch !, 
  were you * in bruges * ? 
  is pot and prostitution legal anywhere else ? 
  if not people will probably just keep visiting amsterdam . 
  one too many, 
  shit . 
  you ca n't call out donald trump for being crazy without getting downvoted in this sub anymore ? 
  as europeans i thought you would have more liberal values . 
  i guess stupidity and hate transcends borders . 
  nah dude the syrians are just racist and lazy and everything bad that happens to them is intrinsic to their personalities . 
  get with the program . 
  fta :  the 45-year-old lawyer fled syria 's war in search of a better future , first to turkey , then across the mediterranean to greece and eventually halmstad . 
  the plan was to find a job , establish a home and then send for his wife and four children back home . 
  but that was nine months ago and he 's still languishing in legal limbo at the arena hotel . 
   `` in my country , i 'd wake up at six o\u2019clock , have breakfast with my children and go to court , '' bundok said . 
  `` but here , i 'm like an animal , just eating and sleeping . 
  i do n't want to be a second-class citizen . 
  i want to work . '' i think it 's more complicate than `` syrians are just lazy '', 
  only with my farts . 
  i think that counts as promoja though ... 
  you do n't fan your hair guys ... 
  or san bernadino, 
  i find it oddly refreshing . 
  we have 112.6 per capita . 
  every person has a gun ( on average ) and then some . 
  freaking scary considering the average person in america . 
  you guys have good ham pizza, 
  the point is also that the eu had it , in some respects , coming . 
  please take down your black and white mockery of the american flag flair .
