well i 'd rather have bumps and bruises than death by drowning , would n't you ? 
  just because someone 's been ruling for a while does not necessarily mean they 're bad . 
  however conservative policies that result in income distribution skewed at the top + migrations caused by this and other factors is a pressure cooker recipe that can give rise to dangerous demagogues . 
  we take water safety very seriously in turkey and have a war on drowning . 
  political motivations change , religious motivations do n't . 
  in caddebostan beach in istanbul , lifeguards beat a man . 
  the reason being he ignored warnings against swimming too far from the shore . 
  also , for each one of your children , they will have 3 . 
  the funniest part i 've read was from an attorney explaining the living conditions to the press . 
  he said his client was entitled to checking out books in jail while awaiting trial , so he asked for a certain book . 
  the jail administration said `` sorry we do n't have that book , but we have the author , you can meet with him '', 
  literally r/madlads, 
  good to see reasonable politicians implementing reasonable solutions to the refugee issue instead of ignoring it and letting far right crazies take over . 
  reich you are, 
  absolutely no way , you 'll have more people simply becoming irreligious/theist/atheist cultural muslims than change sects with good integration and education and wealth , just like it happens with all religions . 
  prices high, 
  we shall exit eu . 
  we shall stop free trade , we shall exit being the finance capital of europe , we shall stop getting money from the eu , we shall close off our island , whatever the cost may be . 
  we shall exit the common market , we shall deport immigrants , we shall tank the value of the pound , we shall eat smaller chocolate bars ; we shall never rejoin !, 
   that woman is an educated theologian and asserts that nothing she does is agains anything written in the quran and tells her critics to actually read the quran for once . 
  abu bakr al bagdadi had vastly more religious education than her . 
  look we have a similar offshoot of islam in turkey , called alevis , who are pretty much the same as secular western christians , but in muslim flavor . 
  you know what happens to them regularly ? 
  they get massacred , burned alive , shot , government does not recognize them when they die in the military service , etc. 
  it is cute that you defend this and you should , but 95 % of muslims will object and it will go nowhere . 
  most muslims will see them as apostates . 
  a crack that looks like britain would be appropriate though ... 
  i did nazi that joke coming, 
  well , they definitely listen to their mothers and finnish their milk, 
  they became sovereign territories through conquest . 
  so why not let the turks make the northern side their sovereign territory through conquest ? 
  this is double standards , i 'm all for all the 3 parties completely leaving the island and letting the natives decide . 
  60 % of turks are idiots - aziz nesin , famous turkish author he underestimated imo, 
  they did n't `` get '' the bases in that treaty , they already had them before and retained them . 
  why not ask what the hell the brits are doing there in the first place . 
  turks and greeks are understandable since they 're in the area , but the british have no claim to a land thousands of miles away from their country . 
  both turkish and greek cypriots should unite against imperialism and kick the british out imo . 
  it 's a shame they turn on each other instead of the greater enemy . 
  i agree with you though , both countries will leave with the guarantee of if one side starts genociding the other , they will intervene . 
  i think no such thing will happen anymore , so that 's an insurance clause unlikely to be used . 
  i 'd like a unified cyprus . 
  wrong ... cyprus was part of the british empire from 1914 as a military occupation from 1914 -- 1925 and a crown colony from 1925 -- 1960 . 
  please refrain from making uneducated low effort comments . 
  i can assure you that you will nazi them coming ... 
  as i said , the british have no business being there either . 
  i 'm ok with all 3 leaving . 
  if you 're for removing the past relics of nationalism , conquest , and colonization , it has to apply to everyone . 
  the british ca n't be exempted from this because many countries have us bases on their land . 
  let the people of cyprus decide for themselves as a sovereign nation . 
  if the british have a right to have a base on cyprus , so do turks and greeks . 
  all 3 countries earned their right to have bases by military conquest . 
  one is not better or worse than the others . 
  i 'd support an agreement where all 3 left , but not one where the turks leave and one of the others still stay . 
  according to pacific rim , no ... we must build jaegers . 
  taking away citizenship is a contentious issue like the death penalty , and it would be condemned . 
  fines and/or jail time would make more sense as they are common criminal punishments . 
  of course this still ignores the bigger issue of proving someone voted in a foreign election and the resources needed for thousands of cases . 
  i 'm afraid that alone would make such a law practically non enforcible . 
  i do n't think you can take away citizenship from someone who only has a single one , no ? 
  and do n't worry , with time you will get the education you need and the personal growth you need to not hate people because they 're from a different country . 
  we 've already had tv shows in turkey where the plot is marriage between a turk and a greek . 
  as long as the greeks do n't invade turkey and they wo n't , there is no reason to have any beef with them . 
   any action the eu can engage in to try to return to ataturk 's stasis may not be preferable to letting the islamist tantrum run its course . 
  while this might be logical , it completely ignores the damage that would result from islamist tantrum running its course . 
  with that same logic , we should not do anything against global warming since nature will equalize it by killing billions of people ... 
  you 're free to vote as long as you vote for erdogan, 
  you should be more concerned about germany buying those islands in exchange for your debt than turks invading them , 
  you can literally swim to greece from turkey , or take the most basic rowboat ... 
   sheer power of ~ ~ the mind ~ ~ allah . 
  you ca n't deport citizens though ... the best solution that can be applied without sacrificing european values would be to ban erdogan and akp from holding events in germany . 
  when you get rid of double statehood , they 'll all choose german citizenship over turkish , and the erdogan government will issue them special id 's that enable them to vote ... 
  i was raised as a turkish secular , and raised to hate greeks lol ... i wish for those days , at least our enemies were a civilized people compared to what we have in syria today  just like nationalism died down in europe , it 's dying down amongst secular turks too and i assure you it 's different compared to 20 years ago and do n't view greeks as enemies ... in fact i feel much closer to a greek than an erdogan supporter , despite having a different language . 
  you 're going to have a far more difficult time to convince religious people against overt nationalism than secular people . 
  just like germans and the dutch are shitposting over hanging bikes , we 'll be shitposting about each other soon enough , as long as the religious turks are no longer in power . 
  eu should stop preaching about `` human rights and democracy '' and understand that turkey was only possible to exist in its former state by iron fisted state opposition to islamism , to the detriment of some religious rights . 
  only then turkey will get better since there is absolutely no possibility of reconciliation of islamism and human rights and freedom . 
  it 's sad that we have to have a disclaimer that the comments are sarcastic ... einstein was right about human stupidity . 
  those are sarcastic comments , the website is a leftist opposition news site . 
  unfortunately , you have to use google . 
  but the e-mail is in german at the bottom ... 
  that 's exactly what a gulenist would say, 
  so it 's pretty much about blocking the internet . 
  they ca n't seize any assets because there wo n't be any inside germany or eu . 
  but google does have offices in europe . 
  how about a company that does not ? 
  i 'm glad we have the 2nd amendment in the us for people who say the 1st amendment should be revoked . 
  so how would they fine a company that does n't have any offices in germany ? 
  would they block that site in germany ? 
  if you wait until renewables are enough for generating all the energy we need , you 'd have used oil & gas for a far longer time and maybe caused irreversible climate change . 
  better to replace them with nuclear now and eventually replace nuclear with renewables in the long term . 
  i have no problems with law abiding citizens having guns . 
  i have a problem with the loopholes that allow people who should not have guns such as criminals and mentally ill and the nra lobby to keep those loopholes open, 
  yes it depends on state and i live in one of the most restrictive ones . 
  i had a chance to move to utah which i declined and there they give them out like candy, 
  also an american, 
  disgusting amount of oil and coal , should only be nuclear + renewables . 
  france is the world 's largest net exporter of electricity, 
  france is doing the same + nuclear instead of coal , so they 're better . 
  coal plants should be the first to be shuttered , followed by gas . 
  instead idiots on the left want to shut off nuclear and keep coal running .
