  you said it yourself , all politics are internal politics . 
  if german services ca n't keep up , then she has to close the borders . 
  still waiting on your contradicting evidence . 
  you 're a unionist , so it 's a common mistake that you think you do n't have to provide any . 
  i think you 'd be naive to assume that politics does n't have an effect on who is chosen . 
  the governing party decides how much money they receive . 
  which incidentally means either labour or tory - two pro-union parties . 
  i 've yet to see any evidence that indicates that the bbc was n't acting in a bias manor . 
  every piece of evidence says they did . 
  who appoints the head of the bbc ? 
  and who controls their funding ? 
  a bit ironic of the bbc to take steps against a state-run , tax-payer funded , national propaganda machine . 
  so you 're answer to stopping people abusing the system ... is to have no system ? 
  you 're a complete idiot . 
  i think he 's being sarcastic . 
  no you did n't . 
  you did n't mention anything about the capitalist class . 
  which part ? 
  it does n't . 
  your initial comment was off topic . 
  i was trying to demonstrate the similarities between ttip and the greek crisis . 
  you were discussing whether or not paying back debt was against democratic sovereignty . 
  because germany can alter the contract . 
  that is what we 're discussing . 
  germany , the main creditor , changing the terms of the loan in order to prevent austerity being imposed on greece . 
  there was a contract between germany and greece after wwii . 
  greece softened that . 
  why ca n't germany do that now ? 
  the creditors have the ability to change the terms of the contract if they wanted to so that greece would n't have to undergo crippling austerity . 
  the anti-austerity campaign has been advocating just that . 
  i can assure you . 
  germany is not suffering . 
  nor would they . 
  they would receive the payments , just in a longer time-scale with a different economic model of investment rather than monetary starvation . 
  furthermore , only 10 % is actually being spent on the greek government . 
  the majority of the rest is being spent to bail out mostly german and french banks . 
  it was n't poor spending that caused the global crisis ; it was the decision to bail out the banks . 
  austerity only strengthens the standing of those who caused the crisis and weakens the standing of those who fixed it . 
  it 's not an issue of whether the debt should be paid back . 
  it 's an issue over how the debt should be paid back : crippling austerity that would destroy services and lives ; or longer-term , invested growth that will be better for greece in both the long and short term . 
  edit : so debt is legitimate if it 's incurred by a democratically elected government , but rejecting austerity is n't legitimate when outright rejected by a national , democratic referendum ? 
  the gold mine and greek crisis are related . 
  they both regard the interests of a leading capitalist class against the democratic will of the people . 
  both were/will be affected by the eu . 
  they are related . 
  british pilots also bombing isis . 
  does isis not understand that if they keep attacking every person that is n't them that there will eventually be a full-scale attack on them which is impossible for them to win ? 
  because the southern member states ' economies are booming at the hands of the north 's imposed austerity . 
  while member states still maintain their national sovereignty ( or at least that 's what we 're told ) , they must act like sovereign nations and that means being financially responsible and independent . 
  but receiving a loan does n't mean you 're not independent . 
  it 's not that that 's the problem . 
  it 's the conditions that come with the loan : austerity . 
  essentially , cut public services and spending in order to provide tax breaks for the wealthiest while the scum on the bottom suffer even more than they already have . 
  it 's ludicrous for the eu and imf to make such extreme demands . 
  if the eu ca n't facilitate some sort of deal , there will be negative consequences for both greece and the eu . 
  imagine having to decide on independence . 
  i 'm surprised our silly , wee scottish brains could handle it . 
  what worries me is how the eu is leaving so little room for negotiation and maneuver . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but i think the institutions needs major reform . 
  if they 're so stubborn about respecting the democratic will of the greek people and as a result are forcing them into draconian austerity , then what hope do we have to reform the institutions ? 
  i do n't think they realise how many people , particularly in the uk , want to stay in the eu , but want it reformed . 
  it may prove to be their undoing . 
  i think the point is that the eu would n't want greece to leave . 
  if they leave , it will harm the euro across the continent . 
  it also portrays a strong lack of unity when the uk is having an eu referendum and greece would leave the eurozone . 
  europe wants to portray itself as unified and strong against russia . 
  egypt was independent at the time . 
  it was n't a part of empire . 
  aye , but to be fair , empire was already in decline since wwi . 
  wwii just sped up the process . 
  it was more bismarck rather than hitler . 
  i agree . 
  but i think when it comes down to it , geordies would rather be a part of england rather than scotland , and i think they would identify as being closer to their english counterparts than scots . 
  on your first para . 
  i agree . 
  however , people in scotland do have an independent identity . 
  you also compared us to a us state when in actual fact we have very few powers when compared to us states . 
  as for normalising laws . 
  why ? 
  the laws that are different are n't major . 
  let local people live by their local laws . 
  remember , not everyone sees it as `` your '' country . 
  i could n't comment on snp media coverage in england , but the reason why is well , the snp is the third largest party . 
  we have essentially taken the role of the lib dems - and should be treated as such . 
  i believe the south-west , like all parts of the uk , should be acknowledged . 
  i think you have the assumption that the snp is somehow anti-england . 
  we 're not ; we 're anti-london . 
  we are actually on your side , we want to empower local communities and give those who have been drowned out of politics for so long a voice again . 
  that is the snp aim . 
  westminster should have responded well . 
  we were told we 're a crucial element of the uk and we should be `` leading '' the uk ( gordon brown 's words ) . 
  we live in a democracy . 
  if people want to vote for the snp then they can . 
  we voted to stay in , like unionists wanted . 
  but we want the snp to represent us within the uk . 
  `` ah , but you can only stay if you vote for one of our unionist parties , otherwise we do n't want to cooperate with you , despite the fact that you 've accepted the indyref results and are trying to work within the uk political system as the scottish people decided '' . 
  you 've basically agreed with me on this point . 
  this shows how little people , particularly westminster , think of scotland . 
  you ca n't equate yorkshire to somewhere like scotland . 
  yorkshire is far closer to england as a whole than scotland is to england .
