  prince charles ( the heir to the throne remember ) has been trying to directly influence govt . 
  policy by writing to govt . 
  ministers . 
  just because something 's a tradition does n't mean it 's good and should be kept . 
  and it may be a symbol of the nation to you , but it is n't a symbol for everyone . 
  and if she is our symbol , what does she represent ? 
  the uk 's biggest benefit scroungers who do next to no work for the wages they receive and once they 've had enough they just let their child carry on . 
  would this be fair for any citizen ? 
  then why is it okay for the monarchy to be able to do it . 
  or we could have a symbol that reflects the uk 's supposed values : liberty , equality and justice . 
  a democratically elected head of state . 
  and on your economic argument . 
  their economic contribution is seriously overplayed . 
  they do not contribute as much as people think they do . 
  and for people further away from london , the economic contributions certainly are not felt . 
  people were n't flocking to the streets of glasgow or edinburgh to celebrate the royal wedding . 
  they flocked to london . 
  just like much of uk internal relations , it all revolves around london . 
  as a scot who voted yes and is pro-eu , i agree . 
  a lot of good will come from an eu referendum . 
  the indyref in scotland highlighted many of the major political problems in scotland and the wider uk . 
  ukip to a certain extent has achieved this and is highlighting a lot of problems with the eu institutions e.g. 
  that they are quite undemocratic . 
  hopefully , we can see reform to british and european politics in the next five years . 
  i definitely do n't want a similar phenomenon to america 's ` cult of the constitution ' . 
  the best unity is unity that does n't have to be defended or stated . 
  nato was originally formed for fighting the soviet bloc and communism . 
  now that communism has fallen , russia is still a ` superpower ' in international relations and its strength is increasing via economic prosperity . 
  they are a part of the brics ( brazil russia india china and south africa - countries whose economies are increasing and are expected to rival us hegemony . 
  they even recently set up their own version of the imf . 
  so why do they want ukraine ? 
  first , strength in numbers . 
  nato is a defensive pact alliance and more members means more actors . 
  second , it allows nato to have closer eyes on russia . 
  third , by getting ukraine ( a country outside the eu and nato ) into one of those frameworks pulls ukraine within the western sphere of influence . 
  as opposed to moving closer to moscow . 
  just as russia is trying to expand by seizing crimea , so too is the west by attempting to shackle ukraine to either the eu or nato . 
  however , they do offer more risk . 
  however , u/0xnld stated that the plans for a referendum are for 5-6 years time , once ukraine meets the criteria for membership and hopefully the conflict will be settled . 
  i feel obliged to tell you that not all nationalism is bad . 
  there are three different types : civic , cultural and ethnic . 
  however , i know what you mean . 
  they seem like cultural/ethnic nationalists ? 
  well that 's ... unoriginal . 
  700,000 on zero hour contracts . 
  that 's a fair size of the work force . 
  and 110,000 more people are ` working poor ' each year for the past 5 years . 
  you need to take into account those on minimum age and those on zero hour contracts . 
  the figures are n't as good as people think . 
  i 'll learn it one day . 
  but i would rather learn french first . 
  time and access . 
  besides , i already learned a bit of french in school and would learn that before i learned gaelic . 
  gaelic is really hard too . 
  it 's not like english , german or french . 
  i do n't know exactly when the lowlands shifted to english . 
  i think around the 17th century . 
  but people spoke scots for a while . 
  which was kind of dialectual version of english and gaelic and it became increasingly anglicised into what 's known today as modern scots ( what i consider to be my language ) . 
  that you for acknowledging the highland clearances . 
  the forgotten genocide that sought to destroy an entire culture . 
  now , only 1 % of scots know gaelic . 
  not necessarily . 
  people may think it 's achievable through westminster - which is to me laughable . 
  but it is mostly true as the majority of scots are in favour of devo-max , but it was n't on the ballot . 
  the only way we 'll get it is if there is a strong snp team of mp 's . 
  the other parties could n't bare to weaken westminster . 
  some proposals from labour included control over road signs . 
  what did n't help was better together breaking the purda and releasing the vow just weeks before the vote and then using the media to carpetbomb scottish citizens with pure fear . 
  and now we 're seeing rising anti-scottish sentiment in england via the media : how dare the scots vote snp ?!, 
  you can stay in the uk , but you need to vote for one of our nice westminster parties . 
  it was a no this time . 
  wo n't be long until we have another an it 'll definitely be a yes . 
  i 'd be happy to see england keep all of her revenues and us keep ours . 
  it 's not the english . 
  the english just like to think that the political discontent in scotland is to do with them . 
  it 's not . 
  and it 's arrogant to assume they 're the source . 
  we do n't anymore . 
  and this where our ideals separate . 
  the yes movement was n't about putting yourself first . 
  it was about the common weal - what was best for society . 
  we do n't want the ` influence ' that being in the uk has . 
  we 're fed up with the meddling in others affairs . 
  in other words , we 're fed up with westminster politics . 
  edit : we do n't want the best deal ; we want a fair deal - not just for us , but for all . 
  that 's what the yes movement boiled down to . 
  it was , after all , a extremely leftwing movement . 
  all of the independence parties ( snp , greens , ssp ) were left wing ; whereas the right supported the union ( labour , tory , lib dem , ukip ) . 
  i 'd like to see scotland independent . 
  it 's nothing to do with not wanting to share resources . 
  i 'd rather there was redistribution through the eu . 
  i do n't think english devolution is bad . 
  england keeping their oil revenues and us keeping ours is ideal for me . 
  i 'm skeptical personally . 
  i 'm crystal ball gazing , but i think this could happen : the snp will take the majority of scottish seats in may ; a supply and demand coalition ensues between the snp and labour ; the calls for english devolution increase in reaction to the scottish nationalist presence in british government ; england will get some sort of watered down ` parliament ' ( more like an assembly ) or some other body will be set up to handle and distribute the oil revenues . 
  the reason why we get more money than england per head is because providing services in the highlands and islands is extremely difficult and requires extra funding . 
  regardless , other than the past year , for 33 years we had been paying more into westminster than we 've been getting back . 
  and as to why we 've got a chip on our shoulder : we 're getting governments we did n't vote for and are being shafted by their policies . 
  not to mention , the uk 's nuclear bombs are just 40 miles from my front door in glasgow .
