  ireland was called hibernia , meaning winter . 
  money , connections , power and media . 
  also , the masses are fickle and ca n't see through him . 
  i do n't think we have the power . 
  not financially anyway . 
  i 'd rather see resources used here in europe . 
  not a lot . 
  however , i think that if we are able to , we should let america handle this along with south korea . 
  i think that if war does break out then china will also in some way ( directly or indirectly ) attack north korea . 
  i think they 're growing bored of north korea fucking up china 's relationship with the usa considering china is now so deeply connected with the west economically . 
  if nukes are involved then north korea will be wiped out . 
  if a standard war breaks out , then they 'll probably lose . 
  but there will be many , many casualties on both sides . 
  link sausages , square ( lorne ) sausages , black pudding , white pudding , potato ( tattie ) scones , beans , toast , fried bread , mushrooms , fried egg and scrambled egg . 
  and a big fucking dollop of ` red ' sauce . 
  got my vote . 
  taxi drivers if they give a bit of banter ; waiters if they 're good at their job ; guys in bars/clubs if they 're quick , it also helps get quicker service next time round . 
  that 's about it . 
  a few pence for taxi drivers , and a pound or two for guys in pubs/clubs and waiters . 
  yes . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  you 're right , a lot of religions are intolerant at the core . 
  but intolerant and violent sects are a much more common occurrence with regards to islam compared to other religions . 
  and the bible has a lot of loving and caring messages in it too . 
  i am not christian . 
  i am an atheist , however , christianity is far more tolerant and less violent than islam . 
  i believe anyway . 
  no one gave me the right to dictate the moral high ground . 
  i said `` i believe '' . 
  it was my opinion . 
  you can choose what your moral hierarchy is . 
  i think most people would probably agree with me , just by reading the comments of this page . 
  the way a religion is interpreted is key !, 
  you 're right !, 
  but christianity is one that often preaches love and tolerance . 
  whereas islam often preaches intolerance , but not all the time . 
  only certain sects - ones that have interpreted it that way . 
  it is n't a two way street . 
  we tell people to be tolerant . 
  that is our culture . 
  islam does not preach tolerance . 
  it 's okay to preach tolerance , but no intolerance . 
  it 's like jean jacque rousseau , we are being forced to be free . 
  all the way through my post i stated that not all muslims are bad or hateful , but yet you state that i 'm blaming `` the whole religion on the acts of a few '' even after i said `` i do not believe all muslims are bad people '' and `` i believe certain sects [ of islam ] are intolerant of our culture '' . 
  the neo-nazis in greece are a terrible thing also . 
  but not all christians are bad . 
  similar to how not all muslims are bad . 
  you have totally misinterpreted what i 've been saying . 
  also , i have n't mentioned nationality . 
  i have only mentioned faith . 
  not all greeks are christians . 
  and not all greek christians are neo-nazis . 
  i do n't think you 've read what i 've said closely enough . 
  i think you should apologise for calling me a bigot . 
  why just full face coverings ? 
  is it more a matter of security to you than principal ? 
  of the uk or england and wales ? 
  foreign languages is a large part of the scottish education curriculum , it 's just that we do n't really take it seriously . 
  i did french for two years and wish i tried a bit harder . 
  i got the highest grade possible , but i still wish i had actually tried to learn the language and not the words if you know what i mean ? 
  i 've been trying to pick french up , but i have no time . 
  i feel i do n't know enough about immigration and population to really know how to interpret this with relation to britain 's future . 
  any help ? 
  i 'm not talking about where i would go on my holidays . 
  obviously the americas and asia are further away , but europe still seems like a distance . 
  it 's not because of the empire , it 's just the island mentality . 
  a bit racist . 
  assuming all muslims are on the brew . 
  what exactly ? 
  not having a dig , btw . 
  could be worse . 
  could be glasgow . 
  i do n't understand the need for any note larger than # 50 . 
  or euros . 
  the same can be said about you being european ( if you are european ) . 
  what would you know about american racism ? 
  if you 're american then what gives you the authority to compare with european racism ? 
  my brain functions just fine . 
  link karma on the comments of this thread begs to differ . 
  not in my opinion . 
  you have no idea what i believe i 'm entitled to . 
  all i have said was about how many wealthy people do not pay taxes . 
  and i believe that they should carry a larger financial load . 
  i did n't say to what extent the load would be . 
  til rls was scottish . 
  feel like a right numpty now . 
  the people with most of the wealth of the country do . 
  edit : you 're either being naive or trying to defend a viewpoint that is riddled with selfishness and greed . 
  no they do n't . 
  they all have off shore accounts . 
  my problem is that if you 're rich you feel that it 's your job to help the country considering you have the only real resources to do so , by paying your taxes . 
  anyone that tries to say otherwise is selfish and would rather keep the money rather than help people and create a more equal society . 
  if i was as rich as them i would n't care . 
  i 'd understand that it was necessary . 
  i like how we 're the uncle . 
  anything by burns . 
  there is still shit loads of racism in america . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's not as bad as it use to be , but it 's still no rose garden . 
  i 'm a fucking turkey .
