  sorry , you 're right . 
  it 's not so much independence , however there is still a movement for ni independence . 
  but the large majority is irish reunification . 
  the unrest in ni has died down for the most part . 
  it 's not as big a problem as it use to be . 
  it 's possible for any country to sustain itself , even ni . 
  look at iceland , a nation of approx . 
  300,000 people . 
  i was n't aware the eu determined how much money is spent on the nhs ; army ; education etc. 
  do n't make yourself look stupid to make your political point . 
  yes , that 's why i asked the questions . 
  the reason why i 'm replying ( not debating ) to some comments is so people are able to hear different sides of the debate and also to hear a first-person account from an actual scottish person . 
  and considering how little people know about the yes side ( especially non-scots ) it 's good to be able to be able to educate people on it . 
  all that aside , what 's wrong with me giving my opinion ? 
  other people have given theirs , so why ca n't i give mine ? 
  it does n't sound like you know much about the whole debate . 
  personally , it just as much our currency than it is yours . 
  people said that about scotland until it was actually investigated and it turned out we were the 14th wealthiest nation in the world . 
  you never made yourself clear . 
  are you a british citizen or not ? 
  the pound is as much our currency as it is ruk 's . 
  salmond did say that the only way scotland would take its share of the debt is if we had a currency union . 
  they never really had a choice in avoiding it . 
  we can still have a federal model and scottish independence and also still be a united europe . 
  it just means that we have our own voice on the international stage ; we decide more of our own domestic laws ( rather than having a government completely detached from scotland making the decisions for us ) ; and we can negotiate our own terms . 
  scottish independence is `` real national independence '' . 
  it 's the birth of a new state . 
  as for the current eu member states , i think what might happen is steady fracturing of nations from larger ones . 
  for example , basque , catalonia , northern ireland , wales , all have strong independence movements . 
  what we may be seeing is the end of the modern nation-state : large countries with strong centralised powers . 
  i do agree that i think everywhere in the uk would rather stay in the eu , but with the victory of ukip i would n't speak too soon . 
  do n't want to start a debate or anything , but a westminster government minister said `` of course there would be a currency union '' . 
  also , a leading economist in beijing stated that it would make no sense for there not to be a currency union . 
  it 's not concrete , but it 's still a likely possibility . 
  personally , i 'd rather we used the pound for a bit and then started using our own currency . 
  never saw that one !, 
  by that logic no eu member is actually an independent country . 
  either way , it 's not scotland . 
  read my comment which i replied to generalscruff . 
  it 's just sensationalised by the media . 
  i 'm heavily involved in campaigning and i 've never seen or heard such things . 
  it 's normally a collection of keyboard activists who like to cling to a cause and claim they 're dedicated , but they 've never been out canvassing once . 
  there may be a few , but the extremely large majority do n't care enough about boycotting . 
  from a yes voter , fuck sean connery . 
  edit : he 's sexist ; he 's a tax dodger ; and talks a big game about scottish independence from his home in california . 
  you really do have a bad image of the yes campaign . 
  an independent scotland , basque and catalonia all seem highly possible . 
  so too does a unified ireland . 
  at a stretch , a split belgium is plausible . 
  as for other places on the map , i have no idea if they could happen . 
  just for the record , the independence movement in scotland is not nationalist in the sense that it is a xenophobic movement or that we want to cut all ties with other countries , nor is it to do with ethnicity . 
  it 's about bringing closer democracy to the people of scotland . 
  it 's also not eu-skeptic ; it 's highly pro-eu ; the exact opposite of nationalism and xenophobia . 
  it was due to the national revolution in the 1700 's i think . 
  coincided with the french revolution . 
  i do n't think it does go back and forth . 
  it 's about to break up now though : scotland , basque , catalonia ... who knows who 's next to make a crack at independence . 
  we 're not . 
  in which case i think you should keep it . 
  majority of western europeans would probably rather you kept it too . 
  i do n't . 
  but it does need reforming . 
  do you mean that there was n't even a minority government ? 
  refugees ca n't vote . 
  ed miliband is an undersecretary to the turkish pm ? 
  poorly educated , working classes who feel threatened by immigration and those who mistrust the current political system . 
  you should read ignazi 's ( 1992 ) silent counter-revolution . 
  it discusses it . 
  not a long read either . 
  i always thought the uk 's fascist logo looked like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukip_logo.png, 
  because the french are the worst for it !, 
  the other french people i know do n't get it either , but everyone else does . 
  well , would you rather we used french ? 
  because you 're shit out of luck because my french is piss poor . 
  you 've basically confirmed what every person was saying about the french in this thread . 
  you do n't understand !, 
  they 're french !, 
  it 's their god given right to speak french in every situation even if no one will understand !, 
  before i get downvoted , i 'm joking , but also speaking from experience . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uii8cpnjuro wherever these guys go they 're always surrounded by scots and tourists . 
  and at least i 've got my nation on show . 
  it 's easy for you to avoid criticism . 
  ca n't wait for us to have our own bloody entry rather than that pish that went up for the uk !, 
  because europe is a great , big homogeneous state . 
  this is a sensationalist story . 
  there is no real , strong independence movement in the shetlands . 
  well , i know many foreign students and english who do not plan to vote in the coming independence referendum . 
  the foreign students do not do so as they are unsure as to whether or not they will remain in the country post-vote . 
  and the english people ( even those who have lived in scotland for years ) are n't voting as they think it is a matter for scots and scots alone . 
  both are commendable . 
  but as for the english not voting , if you plan to live in the country for an extended period of time ( particularly with the independence referendum ) then you have a moral basis for voting . 
  i believe elections are a bit different given that the results of them are last for a finite period of time compared to an independence referendum . 
  i agree . 
  it would be a rigged vote . 
  that was my point . 
  makes sense . 
  i 'd imagine this is more of a philosophical and moral argument rather than logical though . 
  we can speculate , but the ballot box should decide . 
  a lot has changed since 2011 . 
  the majority should get what they want .
