  i 'd like more powers to the eu parliament . 
  approved , but not formulated . 
  the council is n't the main legislative chamber . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  `` we '' as in we - the eu . 
  the eu . 
  but i want the main legislative body to be like this . 
  the problem i have is that i do n't know whether to believe the right-wingers and say too many people are coming here `` takung oeur jooebes '' or if it 's all just bollocks . 
  there are two very polar sides on this argument . 
  : / can anyone enlighten me ? 
  i 'm pro-eu and want more powers to it , but at the same time it would be irresponsible to allow so many people flood to the uk and take advantage of our welfare and health system when they have n't contributed to it . 
  i think the term is health tourist . 
  i am in favour of scottish independence . 
  i want both england and scotland to keep to the eu . 
  english is the first language of scotland , england , ireland and wales ( in europe ) . 
  however , scotland also has gaelic ; ireland has irish ; and wales has welsh as a language . 
  it is on ; y england that does n't have another language . 
  so , i dunno what they would do . 
  french perhaps ? 
  federation 2 . 
  all current . 
  decline acceptance of turkey . 
  law would currently be as it stands : states can make their own laws , but eu law has precedence over all 4 . 
  to bring europe and its people together and create an economic and cultural superpower . 
  15.8709 british pounds sterling . 
  economic left/right : -8.75 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.21 quite proud . 
  but some of the questions were a bit rubbish . 
  edit : amazed about how liberal i am actually . 
  but like i said , the quiz is n't perfect . 
  do we send money to palestine ? 
  not saying we do n't , i just did n't know we did . 
  what the israelis are doing is wrong . 
  however , i do n't like the idea of interfering in the middle east . 
  it 's wet paint . 
  you ca n't touch it without getting your hands dirty . 
  i knew the original comment would have been posted because a lot of people seem to believe it . 
  everywhere in scotland is different from just down the road . 
  that was my point . 
  i do n't have a choice . 
  either stockholm or paris . 
  where i come from . 
  south lanarkshire . 
  some towns do , anyway . 
  yeh . 
  only certain areas use bairn . 
  mainly the east coast . 
  which makes sense . 
  a lot of scots words come from scandinavian i 've heard . 
   i love sweden . 
  might be going to stockholm uni to study in a year for 6 months . 
  came here to say this . 
  i 'm from scotland . 
  the strathclyde region more specifically , but even there , just a few miles apart , means that you pronounce certain words differently to others . 
  and even use different words for certain things . 
  scots is different to english in a lot of ways also . 
  for example , i say `` ken '' , which means `` to know '' . 
  i ken him = i know him . 
  interesting . 
  however , galloway is an mp for the bow and bethnall green constituency in london . 
  independence would n't change his position . 
  they would n't be represented because they would n't get enough votes . 
  scotland 's ams system allows for both the advantages of pr and fptp , but the tories still would gain much power ( even under a 100 % pr system ) . 
  i think he 's brilliant . 
  i 'm not a fan of labour or the tories . 
  as for the snp , they 've done well this far . 
  why not give them a chance ? 
  scottish greens . 
  i could settle for that . 
  there 's a severe element of distrust regarding them . 
  i was brought up to despise them by not only my family , but my town . 
  i 'm also a big socialist , so i do n't like their policies regarding tax and spending . 
  i do n't think they have changed and i do n't think they ever will . 
  you can have a decent parliamentary system . 
  swedish politics , for example , is based around compromise and equality . 
  i want that . 
  we 'll agree to differ in opinions . 
  the 80 's . 
  just discussing things . 
  trying to see both sides of the coin . 
  if i say something then someone might have a rebuttal to say to me and perhaps enlightens me and i could enlighten them . 
  i feel the same . 
  not true . 
  in 2003 the lib dems had a coalition with labour in the scottish parliament . 
  fuck it !, 
  we 'll see you there !, 
  i do n't hate england or the english . 
  it 's parliament . 
  you 're right about the privilege part . 
  i believe that it 's not state v state or race v race that the battle should be . 
  it 's rich v poor . 
  this is the real battle for the world and the human race . 
  it always has been , but some just wo n't realise it or are distracted by other things for whatever reason . 
  a lot of legal experts have taken both sides of the argument . 
  funny thing is , i 'm studying public international law and eu law in this year 's second semester at uni . 
  and also , he did n't exactly detail what `` light touched '' actually meant . 
  it 's all down to intentions . 
  i believe his intentions were pure , but he was misguided . 
  yes , but i 'm trusting and willing to give these powers to the eu . 
  the fact is that eventually everyone in europe will be under the euro . 
  not a fact , really , but what i believe to be the case .
