  if i recall correctly , i read an article that said per head , scotland was the most educated nation in europe . 
  probably because we 've had no tuition fees for decades . 
  i did n't mean every workplace was shit . 
  i can believe that . 
  probably because the british working environment is so shit ( poor environment , long hours , low pay ) . 
  if you 're not working , then you 're on benefits and you can hardly live on them ; you exist . 
  moan eh four day workweek !, 
  in terms of political science , andrew heywood is often used in my classes at uni as an introductory text . 
  his intro books tend to cover a wide variety of topics and are not too pricey . 
  and we 're safe !, 
  as someone who has had extensive time with both english and french people , the problem is that both of you are too similar . 
  nationalistic , casually racist , right wing xenophobes . 
  that 's why the english and french sometimes do n't get on . 
  think of the uk as the four home nations : scotland , england , northern ireland and wales . 
  what then ? 
  least favourite : england ( just the south . 
  the north is okay ) . 
  favourite : i do n't feel particularly close to anyone , but england . 
  and maybe that 's the problem with being in the uk . 
  probably ireland . 
  but like i said , i do n't feel scotland is particularly close to anyone other than england . 
  probably due to to political and geographical reasons . 
  i did n't know that . 
  `` where are the sneers and jeers that you loudly let us hear when our leaders of '16 were executed . '', 
  when i made that tweet telling putin to go fuck himself , i did n't think he 'd actually do it . 
  unlucky , ireland . 
  it was more the part where the plane started singing the hokey kokey . 
  you have to read the article . 
  it 's pure gold . 
  as soon as i read the title i knew it was going to be a scottish woman . 
  so you 're saying that people should take into account what leaders think ? 
  what 's good for a leader does not necessarily mean it is good for the common person on the streets of scotland . 
  to say that no normal scottish voter knows what 's is ` good for them ' is so insulting to the scottish population . 
  you 're basically undermining the entire principle of democracy : self-determination . 
  people decide what is best for them . 
  how does finding out merkel 's or obama 's opinion lead to more information ? 
  the reason why they should n't interfere is because they are n't just people . 
  they are world leaders and have to behave as such and not get involved in a debate of such magnitude . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries like poland and lithuania , but what 's happening in scotland is not nationalism ; it 's civic nationalism . 
  we just want a government that is closer to home and actually cares about its people rather than big business . 
  the independence movement in scotland is made up of scots , english , welsh , irish , poles , pakistanis , indians . 
  it 's not about ethnicity ; it 's about the scottish people . 
  also , every single scottish independence party is pro-eu , which can not be said about the unionist parties . 
  we want to be a part of the eu , but we want to negotiate on our own terms . 
  also , thanks for your support !, 
  i do n't hate them . 
  i just do n't identify with them . 
  i have more in common with people from dublin than i do with people from london . 
  how can you just decide what identity an entire nation possesses ? 
  i 'm from scotland and would never say i was british . 
  i would say i was european or celtic before i said i was british . 
  how can you be so arrogant ? 
  debt or no debt , the independence question is something that must be answered by the people of that nation ; not outside actors . 
  the likes of obama have gotten involved with scottish independence and it has absolutely nothing to do with him . 
  every nation has the right to self determination free from interference . 
  the arrogance of a leader or government to comment on any country 's viability to be independent astounds me . 
  when it comes to sectarianism in the british isles , none of it makes sense . 
  quite a bitter-sweet week . 
  the good part is that the scottish government has decided to aid victims of violence in gaza . 
  but , while all this is going on , everyone is freaking out about the scottish commonwealth team 's uniforms ( here they are : http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/commonwealth-games/cwg-news/team-scotland-parade-uniform-unveiled.1404661044 ) . 
  people are even signing a petition . 
  ha ha ha !, 
  you think you are the most pessimistic ?!, 
  whenever scotland plays football , everyone expects a defeat , even lately despite us playing well . 
  we have an oil rich country , but half the population think we 'll sink if we go independent . 
  they also think that we 're too wee , too poor and too stupid to be an independent country . 
  the initial response from most scots is : `` it 'll probably be shit '' . 
  other than that , we have a really good sense of humour and it 's usually very dark . 
  we tend to be brutally honest with everyone . 
  but we 're also the friendliest country you 'll ever visit . 
  before anyone says it , no we 're not mean with our money . 
  i have no idea where this comes from . 
  probably those limey english !, 
  but ... tuition fees ... austerity ... 
  enjoy your austerity and privatisation . 
  which is why we need to get the fuck out of the uk . 
  which i 'm positive they do n't . 
  i should point out that the opposite of `` unemployment '' does not constitute being in employment . 
  some have been highly critical of the unemployment figures as there has been a boost in people in training programmes or low-paid apprenticeships and such . 
  essentially , the figures are massaged . 
  would n't want to show a united europe or anything and how far we 've come . 
  because it 's also about values . 
  it 's international law . 
  there 's a small part of the oil fields that they 'll receive . 
  but really , we should get all of it because westminster changed the border a while back so england could claim more oil . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with discussing with people . 
  i replied in another comment that i had n't seen the one three days ago . 
  should have done a quick search . 
  as for the others , it 's good to get an up to date response . 
  just to see how opinions in europe are changing . 
  you too !, 
  we keep the oil as it 's in our borders . 
  the eu is a funny one . 
  westminster blocked any negotiations as they did n't want to `` pre-negotiate '' scotland leaving the uk . 
  but , a brussels thinktank said that it would probably be a fast track membership . 
  salmond released a proposal a few days ago to reinvigorate scotland 's industrial sector . 
  the conservatives actually do want to stay in europe . 
  the only reason why they 're proposing a referendum is due to backbenchers who do n't want to be a part of it . 
  also , since ukip won the eu elections in the uk , the conservatives have saw a chunk of their core vote slip away . 
  essentially , they 're trying to retain their core voters ( some of which are anti-eu ) and quell a backbench revolt .
