  and it 's around the # 8 mark . 
  as for the uk , that 's what happens when none of the parties in the parliament represent the working classes . 
  new labour are tories with red ties . 
  absolutely . 
  regardless of internal or external , one of the eu 's roles is to promote democracy . 
  and by ensuring the referendum goes ahead would be promoting democracy . 
  after watching the video , i thought finland was strange ; the exception . 
  but other people are commenting saying it 's the same in their country . 
  now i think it 's just scotland that 's the exception . 
  you could easily strike up a conversation with most scots on public transport . 
  and it happens a lot . 
  the only nationalism at play is the one that caused it : british nationalism . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that muslims are becoming radical and people as young as 16 are fighting and dying in wars who come from western countries . 
  wtf hungary ? 
  they 're more of a protest vote in my opinion . 
  what about the teuchter triangle in glasgow 's west end ? 
  i think it 's important to keep gaelic alive . 
  this is one of the original languages of our country and it should not disappear from history or existence . 
  more should be done to teach people the language simply for preservation . 
  admittedly , french or german or dutch or spanish would be more useful to teach our children . 
  however , it 's not about its usefulness ; more about its history . 
  as for modern scots ( a variation between old scots and english ) , i think more needs to be done to have it recognised as a language . 
  yes , it 's similar to english , but only some aspects . 
  there are some words which are completely different from their english counterparts . 
  we should be proud of our heritage and culture . 
  too often scots feel embarrassed of their culture or hold such low esteem for their culture . 
  it 's our time to be proud ; to be proud about something that 's ours . 
  we now have the opportunity to be our own nation and not just a shadow or a `` region '' . 
  edit : that being said , i do n't think gaelic should be pushed to become our first dialect . 
  everyone in scotland should have modern scots-english as their first language . 
  it 's not as if bulgaria democratised . 
  and why we 'll get it . 
  i always remember watching one of them in modern studies class in school . 
  he was in the middle of talking to the camera and his son i think tried to interrupt him and he just gave him a silent stare . 
  i could n't believe they put that one out . 
  it was so awkward . 
  it seems the european does n't understand that there are more than english people in the uk . 
  it 's not surprising that the ruling elites have agreed upon this . 
  it further proves my belief that they care more about corporations and their well being rather than the people that elected them . 
  corporations are not business and the average man does not sympathise or relate to them . 
  but the problem still perpetuates because money and material possessions are far more precious than a clear moral conscience and helping your fellow man . 
  our liberal economic system does not work . 
  we 've had boom and bust for centuries . 
  at no point was the working man responsible , but they always pay the price . 
  depending on which one comes first : the eu referendum or the scottish referendum , the results will be different . 
  i think if the eu ref . 
  came first and the uk voted to leave , this would do wonders for the independence campaign . 
  obama promised him a yacht . 
  how long until there is a crackdown on this ? 
  and how long until there is europe-wide , violent backlash ? 
  either way , i do n't think the romas help themselves and their poor image . 
  is this ` problem ' actually being taken seriously ? 
  shut up , denmark !, 
  there 's no room for your logical and diplomacy in this thread !, 
  good luck ? 
  i would add celtic culture : scotland and ireland mainly . 
  where was the tactical advantage in norway holding peace-talks between israel and palestine ? 
  i can see why a lot of people do it . 
  they want a better life . 
  i do n't blame them for that . 
  however , we ca n't just open the floodgates . 
  no country can . 
  they need to be found and then potentially be assessed for asylum status and if they do not fulfil the criteria then sent back to their country of origin . 
  never thought about it that way . 
  only just represented . 
  aye because your comment was loaded with value !, 
  the middle-east is like wet paint - you ca n't touch it without getting your hands dirty . 
  the stronger the eu becomes , the more likely it is norway will join . 
  when the eu starts to become strong again is unseen , however . 
  okay i 'm dodging questions . 
  cool . 
  the only two possible answers are that it was violence or it was n't . 
  you suggested that it could be violence ( also that it could n't be ) by even posing me the question . 
  i do n't want to answer your question . 
  because i think it 's pointless to do so . 
  i do n't think what farage experienced was violence . 
  that 's hilarious to even suggest that . 
  everyone has different thresholds , so there 's no point in discussing it . 
  as a socialist , this upsets me . 
  violence is only required in the most dire of circumstances . 
  this does not amount to a dire circumstance . 
  not if it 's going to be something as ridiculous as that . 
  i mean , i 'm all for people believing in something if they want to , but men ca n't even look at women ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  why would it need to be female ? 
  i think the judge made the right call . 
  as the article states , it is required in order to fully achieve justice . 
  wtf is with hungary taking the piss out of scotland ? 
  i did n't compare them . 
  i likened one aspect of both entities . 
  one place of oppression for another . 
  kill those who kill others . 
  that 's not contradictory at all . 
  to who ? 
  what 's that all about ? 
  it 's not as if a 29 year old could ever be competent at something . 
  ridiculous !, 
  communist ? 
  the number of left wingers that i 've heard calling the eu capitalist !,
