  does n't make me a turkey . 
  i do n't like labour either . 
  they 're the lesser of two evils . 
  i wo n't be voting labour , lib dem or tory in the next general election . 
  there is loads of sectarianism in america . 
  it 's far more rife there than it is here . 
  that is a ludicrous statement . 
  and balls and milliband are not wan na be lenins . 
  they 're not left-wing ; they 're right . 
  all of westminster is . 
  that 's why it 's such a shit hole . 
  it is n't centre right , it 's far right . 
  do n't let the tories fool you . 
  their key goal is to make the poor poor and the rich rich . 
  it disgusts me that people actually vote for them . 
  if people want to complain about benefit cheats , then do n't totally destroy the system ; reform it . 
  they are n't reforming it , they 're just dismantling it slowly . 
  because it means less taxes , which they would have to pay . 
  and they do n't want that because they 're greedy and selfish . 
  fuck the tories . 
  well , i would n't say that i was an elitist ; more of a neo-democrat . 
  if you give a child a single square of chocolate and hold the rest of the bar in front of him , he 'll scream for more . 
  but if you give him a lorry full of chocolate , he 'll indulge in it for a while , but eventually get bored with it . 
  today we have the problem , in the uk anyway , that we have democracy and it is n't a significant thing anymore . 
  people take it for granted . 
  so , if you make being able to obtain the vote a given thing then people wo n't be thankful for it . 
  but , if you make it just out of their reach , they 'll strive to get it because they do n't have it . 
  how you would go about achieving this ? 
  that 's a matter of public policy . 
  my idea would be to make a minimum academic achievement level to gain the vote . 
  not a high one , but enough to make sure they are of a certain intellectual level . 
  the minimum bar for this would obviously be relative . 
  edit : grammar . 
  greece is n't a consequence of my view . 
  but honestly , think about it . 
  no one thinks they are equal with everyone . 
  there are some people who are totally fucking stupid or total scum who are considered to have the same voice as you . 
  stripping democracy down to its core principal makes it sound mental and ridiculous . 
  am i the only one that does n't really like democracy a whole lot ? 
  there is plaid cymru is one of the largest parties in the welsh assembly . 
  there 's a lot of support for welsh independence . 
  i do n't get why it 's embarrassing that the family is irish . 
  99 % of us speak english . 
  i speak scots . 
  it 's a form of english . 
  i 'm not surprised by your ignorance . 
  i very much fucking doubt it . 
  even people from scotland struggle to understand some of the things i say . 
  they are in no way similar . 
  too soon , mate . 
  ... and yanks . 
  no such thing as a british accent . 
  deep dried everything . 
  a deep fried pizza is called a pizza crunch . 
  my sister had one last night . 
  they 're okay . 
  and to bust the myth , deep fried mars bars are only made in some chippys ( chip shops ) . 
  probably less than 2 % . 
  haggis i suppose . 
  if you 're unsure about it , try it with some buttered toast . 
  and irn bru . 
  we 're mad for it . 
  scotland is one of the few countries where cola is n't the leading soft drink . 
  edit : forgot to add square sausages or lorne sausages . 
  better than links !, 
  what about us ? 
  :( can we join in ? 
  proves my point though . 
  comes to an average of 33 % for england and wales . 
  if you exclude wales , which is more pro-eu than england , then it would be lower a percentage . 
  i hate when wales is n't given its own status . 
  it 's insulting that it 's simply paired up the the midlands . 
  no disrespect to the midlands . 
  although it 's not much of a difference ( 2 % ) it still shows that scotland is more pro-eu . 
  and this is only the outcome of a particular poll . 
  not totally reliable . 
  never trust a yougov poll . 
  an actual election is far more accurate a description of the attitudes of citizens than yougov polls . 
  remember the 2010 general election ? 
  apparently the lib dems were going to be a new , massive force in westminster . 
  their vote increased by 1 % compared to the previous general election . 
  never trust polls , especially yougov polls . 
  i got them all . 
  i 've been practising it for a few weeks . 
  i know all the states of the us . 
  about two thirds of africa . 
  and all of s. america . 
  england has 64 mep 's . 
  35 of these are either conservative or ukip ( anti-eu ) . 
  2 of scotland 's 7 mep 's are anti-eu . 
  that 's 28.6 % . 
  i do n't know enough about the political agendas in terms of the eu with regards to northern ireland 's parties . 
  and only one of wales ' 4 mep 's are anti-eu . 
  england is far more anti-eu compared the devolved states of the uk . 
  i 'm scottish . 
  personally , i feel close to ireland and the nordic states , but i doubt they would feel the same way . 
  having westminster control our diplomacy with the eu gives all of britain a bad name . 
  westminster makes me feel alienated with the rest of the eu . 
  i want people to know that scotland is a lot more pro-eu than england , wales and northern ireland . 
  we 're not all the same over here .
