  edit : not only that . 
  in order to declare war you must go through a process in the un via the security council and provide reason and evidence which the uk and us governments did not do . 
  if you need that much protection , you 're doing something wrong . 
  regardless of my argument regarding public opinion , my argument for the un still stands despite the un 's inability to enforce their laws , their laws still stand as a creed by which states must coordinate themselves . 
  law is law , regardless of how enforceable it is . 
  i agree they are also immoral . 
  it 's illegal because the the majority of the people believe it to be . 
  politicians elected by democratic means are accountable to the people . 
  it is also illegal because the un says it is . 
  when you sign up , you agree to follow its rules , no matter what !, 
  therefore it is an illegal war regardless of who it is against . 
  you ca n't make exception - that 's against the rule of law . 
  and to claim that the war was to somehow liberate people is naive . 
  it was for oil and resources and power . 
  you 're basically saying to disregard the law by saying my `` legalistic propriety makes [ me ] look a tad foolish '' . 
  our society would crumble if law was n't upheld . 
  you can speculate that league of nations ' law was violated , but can you prove it ? 
  probably not . 
  quite right !, 
  ca n't speak for ireland , but in the uk we have a low opinion with our relationship with america and the american government and a low opinion of the illegal wars and activities that both washington and westminster conduct and it 's about time that public , political figures take a stand against the tyranny of these regimes . 
  a similar thing happened when kenny macaskill ( the scottish justice minister ) decided to release al magrahi despite pressure from washington and westminster governments . 
  these regimes live in a by-gone era of imperialism and colonialism and base their foreign policy solely on the capitalistic basis of profit-making for the shareholders of multinational corporations who have politicians under their thumbs . 
  they 're different songs . 
  scotland the brave : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gowmi4wvmu4 it 's about killing invaders . 
  i suppose . 
  still , selective in the use of facts . 
  yesscotland should use these results for campaigning in the referendum . 
  and i 'm fine with that . 
  forgot to mention , for me , it would be the spanish and portuguese 's failure to understand that roads are for cars and not pedestrians . 
  edit : grammar . 
  we do that in scotland . 
  a wee `` cheers , mate '' when you 're stepping off . 
  sorry , should have said : i 'm talking about scottish nationalists . 
  i may be wrong , but is n't switzerland a bit more right-wing than the uk . 
  we 're a bit more liberal towards free speech . 
  especially considering our relatively high-muslim population . 
  in england anyway . 
  nationalists , to me , seem to be far more liberal and left wing than unionists . 
  i am a nationalist , but i do n't think this view is biased . 
  raising the point of muslim extremism does not mean r/europe is white rights orientated . 
  it 's a valid and relevant point within our society . 
  the world even . 
  it needs to be addressed and it needs to be discussed . 
  personally , i think the people in the video are a minority . 
  however , there is a problem with extremism ( particularly in the muslim community ) and the failure to adopt the political and civil rights we hold for citizens here in europe . 
  true . 
  but i 'd imagine there 's a correlation between the two . 
  can i just point out , we have immaculate water in scotland . 
  probably the best tasting water in europe . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm not sure about the rest of the uk , but scottish water is still nationalised . 
  so it 's there to do a public service and not turn profits , hence better water . 
  it would be interesting to see the quality of scottish water in this . 
  that looks ridiculous . 
  can anyone explain why ? 
  downvoted because i 've asked a serious question . 
  good job , r/europe !, 
  i 'm glad to see the eu is taking action on this . 
  oil corporations are among the worst in the world . 
  more needs to be done to prevent foul play , stop tax evasion and protect citizens . 
  then he ca n't claim to be a democrat since the falklands voted convincingly to remain a part of the uk . 
  i dunno about the rest of the uk , but in scotland our student loan company is very good . 
  also , we get bursaries from the government depending on your income which is very good too . 
  have we not had this before ? 
  i hate monarchies . 
  regardless of how much good they do . 
  came here to say that it probably depended on where the immigrants came from . 
  there 's an area in the west end of glasgow next to glasgow uni filled with chinese and indian students . 
  apparently it has one the lowest crime rates in the uk . 
  i heard this from someone , so i ca n't provide a source , sorry !, 
  he is n't really known for his public policy , only his ability to govern during war . 
  and it 's for these reasons he was elected and why he is celebrated . 
  but , he was n't a peacetime pm ; he was a wartime pm . 
  and in wartime he was brilliant . 
  due to this i overlook the fact he was a tory . 
  without him europe would be a much different place right now . 
  depends on the country . 
  not here . 
  thanks for the support !, 
  yet another reason for scottish independence . 
  hardly . 
  it 's only the first three most common surnames of scotland that are high on the list of england . 
  after that , it 's all typical scottish names like campbell , stewart and murray . 
  i could n't believe it either . 
  it was on wikipedia . 
  the source was a study from university college london which makes it highly credible . 
  for those that want to know the most common surnames for the individual nations of the uk , the university college london did a study which found out the most common surnames : scotland : smith ; england : smith ; wales : jones ; and northern ireland : joined wilson and campbell . 
  the above stats and stats for europe can be found here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_most_common_surnames_in_europe#england, 
  tories . 
  bet he feels like a right numpty now !, 
  i 've no idea . 
  i was confused about it too . 
  scotland . 
  land of the scots . 
  scots were originally an irish clan that moved to scotland , i think . 
  because it was n't fucking rainy enough in ireland !, 
  in gaelic ( scotland 's native language ) , it 's called alba . 
  which a latin teacher told me means island . 
  i do n't know if that 's true though . 
  the romans called it caledonia , meaning cold .
