  democracy rules . 
  or should . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  of course ukrainian nationalists do n't want it . 
  but it 's not about all of ukraine , it 's about crimea . 
  i did say that russia 's involvement is completely unjust . 
  if crimea want to be a part of russia then let them . 
  this might be the scottish nationalist in me coming out , but they have the right to self determination . 
  but at the same time , russia have gone about it in completely the wrong way . 
  my best bet would be that they will make a full recovery soon . 
  capitalism works that way . 
  although they have a large amount of economic sanctions coming their way and already have a declining economy due to recent events , capitalism means that the big players in economics always come back . 
  economic sanction only hurt small-medium sized countries . 
  educate me . 
  lenin was a great leader and man of the people . 
  however , i imagine that these are being brought down due to the fact that they 're russian symbols . 
  my personal favourite is scunnered . 
  or awch . 
  man , i love being scottish . 
  scottish phrases are better than scottish words though . 
  someone 's getting sent to a gulag . 
  does anyone think that the treaties are perfect ? 
  that completely undermines the whole point of the referendum . 
  i never said that . 
  i should have been more clear . 
  i meant that neither side is really trying to muster positive emotions about the days of empire or the days of wallace . 
  but i completely agree . 
  the unionists are simply scaremongering . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's a decision that people are carefully considering . 
  i do n't think people ( other than nationalists ) are really excited about it . 
  it 's being viewed as a major political decision that requires logic and empirical thinking . 
  both sides have n't really been using emotional arguments , but more evidence-based arguments . 
  i 'm not saying spain could n't . 
  they could . 
  but i do n't think they will . 
  but the regions are totally different ( scotland and kosovo ) . 
  catalonia , well yes , they 're more similar to scotland . 
  however , the idea of a referendum is only in the first stages . 
  it could very well develop . 
  kosovo is entirely different from scotland . 
  scotland is democratically choosing whether to be a country . 
  how can that not be recognised by other european states ? 
  and kosovo went through civil war and great turmoil prior to independence . 
  the two country 's and completely different and the circumstances for their claims to independence are also entirely different . 
  the reason why i 'm downvoting you is because your facts are n't relevant . 
  never heard that before . 
  i understand everything other than `` leid '' . 
  i read about the spanish prime minister planning on blocking scotland 's membership . 
  however , i think it 's more scaremongering than anything . 
  i ca n't see them doing it . 
  i also read an article that said scotland would have accelerated membership . 
  since we 're already members , we already meet all the criteria and requirements for membership . 
  i do n't think the process would take longer than a month or so . 
  but , there is also the argument that scotland would automatically become a member . 
  but the truth is , we need to wait and see . 
  why the fuck would n't we ? 
  every single party in the scottish parliament right now is pro-eu . 
  the parties want it . 
  and i ca n't see the eu turning down scotland ( an oil rich country ) , which is currently already a part of the eu . 
  currently , scotland is classed as a region of the uk . 
  i know , it 's ridiculous !, 
  due to the way mep 's are assigned , we would have slight over representation due to our population size being so small . 
  scotland . 
  a new poll shows that scottish independence only requires a 3 percent swing from no to yes . 
  and there 's still 8 months left . 
  better make room for more mep 's in brussels !, 
  when i say `` mental '' , i mean that it was amazing . 
  that 's some mental marketing !, 
  whoever came up with that is getting a promotion . 
  scotland , however ... 
  yes . 
  that 's democracy . 
  in certain circles . 
  cigarettes and lager . 
  like most conservative politicians , she lives in the past . 
  this does n't mean that people in , for example , the uk do n't want to be a part of europe . 
  it simply means that they do n't feel particularly european . 
  however , i imagine there is a correlation . 
  wrong . 
  the conservatives have said if they win the next general election in the uk in 2015 ( which they probably will ) , they will deliver a referendum on the eu . 
  it will be the people that decide and the people would n't take such a detail into consideration . 
  it 's not just geographical though . 
  there is a strong class divide in the uk also . 
  not really . 
  the elites are in favour , but the back benchers are against it . 
  it 's the transfer of powers and sovereignty that the conservatives have issue with . 
  does n't that already happen ? 
  # 7.50 is what the scottish national party called the living wage . 
  the wage at which people need in order to have a quality standard of life . 
  i do n't think you can attribute the youth unemployment rates of the countries you mentioned to their minimum wage . 
  everyone 's labour is worth a minimum amount . 
  i 'll always stand by this . 
  i have no idea what you 're referring to when you speak of better alternatives . 
  it may be the sixth highest in europe . 
  correct , that 's good in comparison . 
  but , the wealth is extremely poorly distributed in the uk . 
  there 's a particularly strong north-south divide . 
  the least skilled are the most unemployable anyway . 
  everyone 's time and labour is worth a certain amount .
