  we vote labour as they are the lesser or the two evils . 
  rhetoric ? 
  then why comment on it ? 
  c . the eu is a bit more friendly than nato and the likes . 
  d. partially paid for by us , but no matter what i do n't want nuclear weapons . 
  i think they should have a regional parliament . 
  but it does n't get away from the fact that westminster has a terrible political culture and is bad for politics . 
  zero compromise , party-whip system and executive dominance . 
  it is a terrible system . 
  not . 
  salmond . 
  his views are not mine . 
  do n't be naive . 
  of course it 's corruption . 
  and how do you know how i would feel ? 
  that 's just total speculation . 
  all articles are a politician that is speaking in a biased manner ( the lib dem msp 's for orkney ) or saying a by-the-way statement . 
  orkney could become independent . 
  i could also gnaw my own cock off , however ... 
  nothing in them has anything said by the people of orkney . 
  but i understand that they may want independence . 
  and power to them if they do . 
  i would encourage them to stay with us . 
  it may not be useful , but it 's certainly justified . 
  could n't have put it better myself !, 
  they allowed the banks to do as they please . 
  fear of the tories gaining power means that they vote labour . 
  it 's also deeply rooted in the working classes of scotland to vote labour . 
  a scottish saying : `` if ma granny hud baws '' . 
  he 's had four meetings , compared to the countless that cameron has had . 
  and salmond has been fm for longer than cameron has been pm . 
  westminster does n't attack him . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  do n't bite the hand that feeds . 
  lesser of evils . 
  i 'm not alex salmond . 
  what people need to remember is that we are a small country , we do n't need massive markets . 
  just ones relative to our size . 
  if it 's divided by population , why does scotland get more ? 
  i do n't know enough about the feelings in orkney and probably neither do you . 
  we currently are in the eu . 
  i do n't see why we would n't . 
  we have met the conditions , hence we are in . 
  i do n't want a big army . 
  or anything from westminster . 
  glasgow 's fine . 
  it 's a bit rough around the edges , but it 's actually a nice city . 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  most of scotland 's population is concentrated in cities or near one . 
  the country is small so you 're never far from one or two cities . 
  westminster is the tories , labour and lib dems . 
  all favour the union and are doing their best to bring down the independence campaign with propaganda and negativity rather than making a positive case for their campaign . 
  the media is murdoch and the bbc , both in cahoots with the unionists . 
  many scots have been campaigning for that since the 50 's . 
  westminster could n't give a shit about giving up health and education . 
  they 're quite happy to keep a hold of the real , hard power : defence and tax . 
  the average scot earns 99 % of what the average brit earns . 
  1 % less . 
  what change is that ? 
  lesser of two evils . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's the lack of policies . 
  our shit ? 
  i thought we were `` better together '' ? 
  the difference is that all of those people were under westminster 's thumb and culture . 
  we wo n't get independence . 
  your westminster is too good at propaganda . 
  a range of banks . 
  that could have been better regulated . 
  if they had n't been so incompetently greedy the uk would n't have been as bad as it was . 
  and the tories are even worse . 
  now we 're in double-dip because of their ` austerity ' . 
  basically keeping the rich rich and the poor poor . 
  thanks to westminster 's greed . 
  i 'm willing to remain with the pound for a few years while independence takes place and then switch to the euro . 
  everyone in europe will be in the euro eventually . 
  defence is controlled by legislature , which is controlled by the executive . 
  the executive is not scotland or any of its mp 's . 
  thank you for not being all fire and brimstone about it . 
  why did you delete your comment and then post `` christ '' ? 
  renewable energy for one . 
  also , fish . 
  have you ever been ? 
  i personally am for the euro . 
  but i 'd rather wait a few years for the european economies to stabilise before joining . 
  it 's only bad for everyone if we dive in . 
  also , it 's the case that if we achieved independence in 2014 , it would n't be something that happened over night . 
  it would take a few years for the systems of government to change . 
  we have a relative say . 
  we have scottish mp 's in parliament . 
  there is just considerably less of them than there are english mp 's . 
  but it wo n't change . 
  that 's the problem . 
  and westminster is quite happy to stay the same and be the 51st state . 
  definitely !, 
  kidding on . 
  it 's good when people break from the stereotypes . 
  it 's under speculation at the moment . 
  salmond ( the snp leader ) wants to stay in the pound . 
  but i do n't know for how long .
