  i 'm in suppot of joining the euro . 
  and why do you think that ? 
  are you living up to the stereotype of an irish nationalist ? 
  a catholic , celtic fan ? 
  i feel that it 's not for economic reasons ( however , scotland can pay its way even when independent ) , it 's a matter of pride and principal that i want it . 
  i chuckled . 
  feeling like an amateur , but what is shengen ? 
  i take it you 're from n. ireland ? 
  well actually , every time labour one an election , it could have done so without the help of scotland . 
  i think the last time this was n't the case was the 60 's . 
  however , you made me think of another point . 
  scotland is typically left-wing whereas england is typically right wing . 
  even areas in the north of england ( which were once labour strongholds ) can now be swayed . 
  we are too different in terms of left/right wing stances . 
  we expect different things from our government and especially regarding public spending . 
  you obviously do n't understand if you think we 're under represented `` or something '' . 
  the cultures have n't merged . 
  that 's really insulting to say that . 
  scotland is totally different from england in terms of culture . 
  yes , there are some things we share , but on the whole they are totally different . 
  the problem is tax powers , currency and defence . 
  we have different ideas regarding these things than westminster does . 
  comparing yorkshire to scotland is one thing that annoys me . 
  to england , we 're just another region . 
  just another little chunk of the uk . 
  we are n't . 
  we 're a country . 
  a country that , as i said , is very different to the rest of the uk . 
  we did rule the world . 
  but the days of imperialism is over ( despite usa 's best attempts to revive it ) . 
  we are n't the greatest country any more . 
  i 'm sure our diplomatic relations will be fine . 
  in case you have n't noticed , the uk is regarded the screaming child of europe , dragging their feet as the rest of europe tries to get westminster to cooperate , simply because they are too arrogant to go with the flow and cooperate with the eu . 
  the nationalism is n't petty . 
  it 's justified . 
  in relation to oil : the biased westminster parliament says 20 years left in order to make it look bad ; the biased oil companies say 60 years in order to increase share prices . 
  an average would be 40 years . 
  i do n't want scotland 's voice heard thought the uk . 
  i 'd rather it was through europe and its parliament . 
  i do n't want an army for offence . 
  i 'd rather have one like that of ireland . 
  strictly for defensive purposes . 
  therefore less spending that can be spent elsewhere . 
  health and education . 
  i never hear anything about whisky and oil from nats ; it seems to be only unionists that speak about it . 
  i 'm afraid it does n't work that way . 
  they are n't our country-men . 
  not any more and have n't been for years . 
  it means i do n't like the arrogance of them . 
  it does n't need to have an economic basis . 
  nationalists are n't blinded by nationalism . 
  this is where this `` nationalists are just people that have watched braveheart too many times '' argument comes in . 
  it 's rather ignorant . 
  my reasons for nationalism wo n't be the same as others . 
  so i ca n't speak for them . 
  my big problem is westminster . 
  it 's political culture is horrible . 
  if you would like me to elaborate i will . 
  we do have our own parliament , but we have very little economic control over our country in relation to tax and currency . 
  and we have no say over defence matters . 
  scots do n't want their soldiers sent abroad to fight , murder and die for the suits of westminster . 
  we do n't want trident . 
  we would rather spend the money on education and health . 
  so much money can be better invested elsewhere . 
  england does n't have a parliament because there has n't been enough support for it in england . 
  no campaigns or anything , because the last thing the suits of westminster want is divided powers . 
  they want it all for themselves . 
  yes , but it has the power to legislate over all countries and therefore affects them all . 
  i think that if they want independence , they should have a referendum . 
  but i think it 's silly to make any decision on the matter until after the independence referendum 2014 . 
  i 'm pro-independence , but i 'm 75 % sure we wo n't get it . 
  however , you never know . 
  just so you know . 
  i do n't want independence because i hate the english . 
  obviously there are some who do , but i ca n't stress enough how little a minority they make up . 
  i want independence because i hate london and westminster . 
  everything seems to revolve around those two bodies in the uk and i think it 's time we come out from under its shadow . 
  but do you not realise why some scottish people want it ? 
  why do you assume they do n't ? 
  some people in the north of scotland speak gaelic , but they want to remain apart of it . 
  you assume that people form their decisions entirely on economic matters . 
  but do you not think that westminster views scotland as a sort of `` region '' and not a country filled with second class citizens . 
  the poll tax legislation , for example , portrays scotland as the guinea pigs for westminster 's legislation . 
  also , what is the general view of scots by the english ? 
  i 'd love to know . 
  even then ... 
  really ? 
  do you not think people there would rather remain part of scotland ? 
  do you support it as you are a federalist ? 
  i 'm assuming you are of course , i could be wrong . 
  i 'm scottish . 
  i 'm never happy . 
  that 's what you 're going for ? 
  instead of answering the question you 're going to just talk about grammar ? 
  grow up , you child . 
  i thought that was the purpose of the euro ( the eu in general ) ? 
  to tie everyone in europe economically . 
  surely this means , in terms of economic matters , we all look out for one another . 
  i 'd like to know how people feel about scotland possibly gaining independence and if they think it should happen or is viable . 
  also , how would you feel about its eu membership .
