  but if people in yorkshire want their own parliament , then let them campaign for it . 
  it 's called self-determination . 
  instead of having toffs with heeds like ham telling you what to do , you decide for yourself . 
  just because someone is different does n't mean they should leave . 
  but such is the rhetoric in english politics these days . 
  i do n't think we 're better . 
  liverpudlians do have an identity , but when people are asked their nationality they do n't fucking say geordie do they ? 
  scotland was a country ; was given a vote to be an independent country ; has its own parliament ; language ; politics ; culture ; laws etc. 
  that 's why we 're different . 
  but we 're not different in status from england , wales and ni . 
  the reason why you may think that we think we 're special is because scotland has suddenly found its voice in a political system that has been serving the voices of the south-east for far too long . 
  and now we 're using this voice , people , particularly in england , are n't happy they face competition . 
  it 's a complete load of bollocks . 
  `` any area '' does not equal scotland - a nation of people with their own identity , culture and parliament . 
  it 's not a shitty fact . 
  the same ca n't be said about liverpool . 
  the scottish government has not banned it indefinitely . 
  they have issues an open-ended moratorium - a temporary ban until more research is conducted . 
  i hope the snp moves towards a complete ban , however . 
  does n't mean it happened . 
  because of our geographic position , nato want us . 
  besides , nato 's expanding ( ukraine ) ; not shrinking . 
  again . 
  same for the eu . 
  let them veto that eu 's largest oil and fisheries market . 
  in a time when many eu member states are facing resistance to the eu , they would not want to turn down members . 
  i do n't have time to flesh out all these arguments . 
  i suggest you read up on it the scotnat websites . 
  no nukes ; no foreign wars ; no governments we did n't vote for ; continued eu membership ; detach from growing far-right sentiment in england ; a better economy because we 'll be able to pass policy that benefits us rather than london ; governments that represent people rather than business ; a greener scotland . 
  the list goes on . 
  these are just a few reasons . 
  the referendum result was legitimate . 
  and i say this as an avid yes supporter . 
  for some reason , there is an extremely vocal minority of scotnats who are absolute roasters and ca n't accept that we lost ... this time . 
  they 're also the same people who want another referendum now rather than when we 're likely to win . 
  do n't take the view of the pro-independence group ` the 45 % ' seriously . 
  everyone else knows they 're absolute weirdos with more time than sense . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  the peoples ' side is one that wants the best for everyone and seeks cooperation between states rather than political agendas pursued by the us and russia which divides the world . 
  just as it divided the world in the 20th century between capitalists and communists . 
  this cold war is dividing the east ( primarily the bric countries who are challenging us political and economic hegemony ) with the west ( us and europe ) . 
  you only need to look at what 's happening in crimea . 
  here 's a short article on it : http://alternativevoice.scot/2015/04/the-modern-day-cold-war-scramble-for-ukraine/, 
  cold war ii . 
  i do n't want to be on russia 's or america 's side . 
  i just want to be on the peoples ' side . 
  they 're both in a graph labeled `` infringements '' . 
  i 'd count them . 
  or chewbacca . 
  scotland rated highest in europe !, 
  you and me both , mate . 
  worst : angus or hamish . 
  not true . 
  there have only been 2 or 3 ge 's since 1945 where the scottish vote changed the outcome of the government . 
  scotland does n't matter as much to the labour party as people think . 
  especially when they 've been pandering to middle england since 1997 . 
  i imagine she 'll go on temporary academic suspension . 
  herein lies the problems with british politics . 
  she is . 
  this is not a protest vote . 
  scotland 's most popular party has been the snp since 2007 with the exception of ge2010 . 
  we 're the third largest party in the uk . 
  trust me . 
  we are not a protest vote . 
  we are here to stay . 
  get use to it . 
  i 've met mhairi black on numerous occasions . 
  she seems really genuine and down to earth to me . 
  she 's also a bit of a maverick which i think 's brilliant . 
  fantastic result for the snp . 
  the snp started in 1934 . 
  and our candidates are n't idiots . 
  for once candidates are ex-teachers and the like . 
  a parliament filled with actual regular people rather than etonian , oxbridge graduates . 
  neds gives a good portrayal of life in a working-class area of glasgow . 
  another is sweet sixteen . 
  i did . 
  it 's more of an arbitrary tax because i think you 're an arsehole . 
  should we be kicked out ? 
  i think you should have a special tax on you . 
  no real reason other than you 're an arsehole . 
  i thought . 
  why is this person so suspicious ? 
  then i saw the flair . 
  thanks . 
  are you some sort of doc-tor ? 
  an unreasonable feeling of loyalty and affection to a document that was created hundreds of years ago . 
  this is n't something i 've made up . 
  it 's well documented . 
  i suppose countries where no strong independence movements exist . 
  but it 's more to with how unity is created . 
  the us , for example , creates unity using what i would call neo-fascist means : strong affection towards the military ; a cult of the constitution ( or strong affections to government institutions ) ; and the creation of a false , external enemy ( communism - terrorism - russia ) . 
  if you try to create unity using these steps , well they 're not the best ideals we 'd go for . 
  there are other ways of creating unity . 
  for example , genuine democratic process . 
  but if i was to define this it would take a while . 
  individual brilliance ? 
  the only lesson the eu could take from the us on unity is one you do not want to learn : a heightened sense of self-worth via the belief in exceptionalism ; worshiping of armed forces ; the creation of a false external threat ; the cult of constitution etc. 
  the monarchy is infringing on our freedoms . 
  have you not heard the black-spider memos ?
