  is n't this something the eu should be looking into ? 
  notice the england top . 
  i think that we 're a long way from that . 
  we 're too different at the moment . 
  especially economically . 
  well , city-wise . 
  glasgow : old , but also modern . 
  best music scene and nightlife in scotland . 
  glasgow 's west end , particularly around kelvingrove park is really nice . 
  so too is the city centre . 
  city centre is great for shopping too . 
  edinburgh : old city . 
  very picturesque . 
  expensive though . 
  there 's the castle and edinburgh dungeons and the royal mile to see . 
  and arthur 's seat ( it 's a hill ) . 
  i 'd suggest the wallace monument in stirling and stirling castle . 
  the isle of skye is really nice too . 
  really nice scenery . 
  in terms of country parks , if that 's the kind of thing you 're into . 
  i 'd suggest either kelburn castle in largs . 
  or chatelherault country park in ferniegair , near hamilton . 
  anything in particular you want to do or see ? 
  scotland 's highlands and islands and vibrant cities . 
  scotland is small so it does n't take long to get around it . 
  i 'd recommend skye , glasgow and edinburgh . 
  the reason they have bases in europe is because it 's closer to conflicts they 're involved in and states where they have a vested interest . 
  not because we ca n't defend ourselves . 
  i 'd like to see less us bases in europe . 
  i want to disassociate ourselves from their army and foreign policy as much as possible . 
  if we do n't , we 're only entertaining and supporting their imperialist policy . 
  came here to say this . 
  oh , and the us does n't have good equality ... at all . 
  and what about standard of living ? 
  size of an economy alone does n't matter . 
  what about equality ? 
  yeh , transport links are shit ... / sarcasm, 
  well done !, 
  welcome to the twenty ... - ith century . 
  they are n't drinking during work because there 's a pub there . 
  if they really wanted to drink they 'd find other means . 
  so since no one else does it , politicians ca n't do it ? 
  it gives them a place to relax with other politicians instead of being in a public bar and being hounded by media or other people . 
  personally , i really do n't see what the problem is . 
  if anyone of any profession wanted a pint , they would go get one . 
  same goes for politicians . 
  people just like to see politicians suffer . 
  i work in glasgow 's east end . 
  there 's a pub every five metres . 
  parliaments are big buildings . 
  it 's not like it 's a small retail shop . 
  it also allows for politicians to have a break and a pint at the end of the day - it is n't easy being a politician . 
  everyone likes to demonise them , like yourself . 
  just because there 's a pub does n't mean they 're all getting pished in the middle of the day . 
  everyone just needs to chill out . 
  scottish parliament has one . 
  westminster has about 3 or 4 i think . 
  does n't work like that in the uk . 
  they all follow the law with little room for discretion . 
  and drugs are often something that 's always being `` cracked down on '' by police . 
  no problem . 
  we are n't mostly for it , but much more than england . 
  absolutely not . 
  the problem is is that it is a dividing issue . 
  the public is completely split on it . 
  much like the monarchy . 
  and to include these as ` policies ' for post independence could have a major effect on the vote . 
  the main argument for independence is that we will decide our laws . 
  and once we gain that power , we can take it from there ( regarding drugs , monarchy etc. 
  to my knowledge , i ca n't think of any policy of any scottish party . 
  probably because it would be useless to create such policy as it is entirely out of their hands . 
  in primary education we learned mostly about wwii and life then . 
  in secondary education ( for the first two years ) we also learned about wwii and about the early scots and william wallace and the fight against english domination . 
  as a country we 're far more liberal and less scared of change . 
  we 're more into live and let live . 
  in the west of scotland right now , there have been around ten deaths due to lethal ecstasy tablets . 
  which is a tragedy , but some good has come from it . 
  people are now questioning drugs and calling for an open and honest debate regarding them and regulation of them in order to prevent such things from happening . 
  it 's interesting . 
  but the chances of it happening in scotland are nil since drugs are a reserved matter for the conservative , right wing westminster government . 
  i think it 's a phenomenon that has been present in the western world for a few decades . 
  the 2011 scottish parliamentary results were 50.4 % . 
  the second lowest they 've been . 
  but there 's only been four of these elections so far . 
  the highest being 59 % in 1999 ( when the parliament was formed ) ; 51.8 % in 2007 ; and 49.4 % in 2003 . 
  it 's always dangerous when you go down the road of disbanding groups like this . 
  it could be construed as a violation of freedom of speech . 
  but then i suppose they prove to be a threat to citizens and society and the way tolerant way of life that europe holds . 
  it 's the truth that ireland is a third world country and that they `` would do anything to be back in the uk '' ? 
  that 's because you 're a tory . 
  you 're going to become very unpopular in this subreddit speaking like that . 
  the pro-independence scottish government is releasing a report in autumn this year that will dictate what life will be like after independence which will change some minds . 
  as to how much , i do n't know . 
  my bad . 
  point is still valid , however . 
  a large population . 
  my personal opinion : a big fuck no to turkey joining . 
  even if they achieve democracy and relative stability , i imagine corruption will still remain and take decades to weed out . 
  edit : i also do n't like that a country with it 's population would be able to move freely between eu states and would become the largest member in terms of population . 
  treaties between nations are law .
