  it 's a special kick in the baws considering scotland wants to get rid of nuclear weapons and england does n't . 
  if you want them ; you bloody keep them . 
  duration of bachelors is also different . 
  for example , 3 years with honours in england ; four years just north of the border in scotland . 
  i think i 'll just be in the 25th percentile . 
  unfortunately relevant username . 
  edit : referring to the referendum result . 
  it is partially my fault that we vote for governments that choose to spend their money on worthwhile things . 
  oh look , a brit ( likely english ) who thinks scots have a chip on their shoulder . 
  who 'd have thought that ? 
  instead of stating we have a chip on our shoulder , have you never stopped to wonder why we 're pissed off ; why we had a referendum that was so close ; why we 're voting snp ? 
  eloquently put . 
  i wonder if they 'll share their oil with us in the same way we shared ours . 
  not fucking likely . 
  then what , in your opinion , are they getting for it ? 
  so having us protection ( i.e. 
  nato ) does n't entail supporting us missions around the world ? 
  for example , iraq . 
  i do n't think the us is offering its military out for free . 
  they will be getting something in return . 
  they do n't explicitly use it as a bargaining chip . 
  however , europe does rely on usa for security . 
  not just europe , but other countries too . 
  for example , most countries do not contribute troops to un peacekeeping missions unless the us is also contributing . 
  i voted yes of course . 
   why do you ask ? 
  then why is the us military parading through europeto reassure locals and not european militaries if we 're not reliant on the us for security ? 
  well a fundamental part of fascism is a focus and emphasis on the militaristic and the creation of an outside enemy . 
  i think driving armoured vehicles across a continent in a show of force against the russians falls into that category . 
  is there a place for people who are n't pro-russia or pro-usa ? 
  but as a result , europe is under considerably higher us influence compared to if we had larger military spending . 
  is this operation dragoon ride ? 
  just a way to piss of the russians for no reason other than to piss of the russians . 
  and is it just me , or is parading the military across the continent a bit ... dare i say it ... fascist ? 
  they should have just described it as : `` if your hobby is swinging cats . 
  you 'll have to give up your hobby '' . 
  i refuse to believe that 500 of 500 young , british muslims believe that homosexuality is morally wrong . 
  this poll ca n't be right . 
  there has to be some form of bias somewhere in the study . 
  building unity by building a continental military ? 
  i do n't know if it 's true , but apparently greeks do n't flush their toilet roll down the toilet . 
  my friend had a greek flatmate that had some of his greek friends over to stay and said that he would go into the bathroom and there would be used toilet roll all over the floor . 
  so ... it 's not us ? 
  all serbs are racists . 
  why is `` jew '' classed as a race ? 
  comments do n't need to add to the discussion . 
  anyway , he did add to the discussion . 
  hence my comment which stirred a discussion . 
  it has negative connotations . 
  do n't know if it 's deserved or just unlucky . 
  probably deserved a little bit . 
  it 's the same with america too . 
  if you see stars and stripes both me and you would probably have negative connotations . 
  do you agree ? 
  i think you were downvoted solely for the england flag . 
  i often ask myself the same about italy . 
  america also . 
  i meant control as in controls what the agenda is . 
  the speaker resides ; he does n't control . 
  do n't be naive . 
  and the pm controls the house of commons . 
  he 's still cutting the budget . 
  and he 's in power . 
  the decision is for the most part his . 
  why did you assume i was labour ? 
  councils are different in the different states of the uk . 
  is it the case that they have more powers ? 
  so do councils . 
  what distinguishes them ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  is this a troll ? 
  so , are they like councils ? 
  well , that 's what i was n't sure of . 
  whether it 's a state or not , it depends on your definition of a state . 
  in terms of its sovereignty , in the scotland act 1998 ( legislation passed by westminster ) states that scotland can make its own laws and govern itself under the grounds detailed in the act , but westminster still remains the sovereign power and can take away these powers at any point . 
  so , scotland is n't . 
  however , it also says this in the acts that granted australia and canada their independence . 
  if westminster were to try and reclaim these states due to wesminter 's supposed sovereign power , would anyone listen ? 
  if westminster tried to tell scotland what to do or abolish its parliament , i doubt many in scotland would listen . 
  i think they 're different things . 
  the likes of scotland has always retained its own laws and had some form of self-governance ( however limited ) since the union of the parliaments . 
  it now has it 's own parliament that deals with all matters except from tax , defence and foreign affairs . 
  i do n't think the mini german states have had the same things . 
  i could be wrong , but scotland has always been a state in one form or another . 
  always angers me that scotland , wales , n. ireland and england are always classes as uk . 
  what about those states ' evolutions of flags . 
  after all , they were n't always a united kingdom . 
  they had their own flags at one point . 
  no to turkey . 
  yes to eastern european countries . 
  no to russia . 
  personally , i 'm for the eu , but you are right . 
  it 's always been the awkward child dragging their feet . 
  we either need to be 100 % behind it or 0 % behind it . 
  if they do , all the more reason for scottish independence . 
  it was n't that he let them , the scottish parliament was always allowed to hold one and the outcome would be advisory to westminster . 
  but cameron allowed the outcome to be legally binding for the 2014 referendum . 
  you 're utterly ridiculous !, 
  i 'm a politics student . 
  is your surname jordan ?
