ethnic nationalism anyway . 
  that 's the point of protests , you fucking idiot . 
  runaway big business had nothing to do with it actually . 
  it was absolutely nothing to do with seeking a more secure economic safety net either . 
  i think it 's a bit rich that a yank , who probably does n't even have a grasp on his own country 's history , is lecturing me about my country 's history . 
  that 's the problem . 
  they 'll discuss it , but for too long . 
  they 'll spend ages talking about the west lothian question ( they 'll do this first because england is always first ) . 
  then they 'll have a big drawn out debate over powers to scotland , wales , northern ireland and an english parliament . 
  and in the end , the powers we get will be a shadow of what was promised ( and what was promised is actually some of the worst power proposals they could have offered . 
  one was control over health and safety regulations ) . 
  i know what the polls say . 
  i just think they 'll somehow end up winning it . 
  `` the issue is not whether we have change or not : change is guaranteed . 
  the question is whether it comes with strings attached qualifying the original promises . '', 
  - exactly !, 
  the powers promised are already in danger : `` strings attached '' . 
  there is no hyperbole . 
  the political elite in westminster do not give a fuck about anyone in the uk other than big business and the wealthy . 
  they want to hold on to as much power as possible ( as proven by gordon brown 's fears over `` strings attached '' powers ) . 
  i think that the tories will actually win the next election . 
  as for the new powers , why has gordon brown came out with this petition ? 
  only weeks after the vote . 
  he 's basically asking us to beg for the promises that he and his colleagues promised us . 
  you do realise that i 'd be against a war in iraq regardless of which country i 'd be living in , right ? 
  the same goes for opposing austerity cuts , right ? 
  definitely a unionist considering you 're referring to `` salmond 's '' plans . 
  do you mean the snp ? 
  the scottish government - the most democratically elected non-local government in the uk . 
  as for currency , alistair darling said on live tv we could use the pound . 
  and as for national reserves : we deposited into that , so we 're entitled to withdraw from it . 
  my personal opinion is that we should have our own currency . 
  it 's also my personal opinion that we should join the eu and not join nato . 
  `` but that was n't the plan ! '', 
  the whole point of independence was that the scottish people decided what we did and democracy was returned to the people and power not held in the hands of a small group of elites . 
  the whole point was that we got to decide what we did . 
  basically , everything westminster is n't . 
  that was n't why or how the uk came into existence . 
  you can close it , ca n't you ? 
  you can close it , ca n't you ? 
  one of the few benefits of being an island . 
  it says something about neoliberalism that powerful and successful nations like the ones in europe have to unify in order to fight big business . 
  but with ttip , it looks like we 've just bowed down . 
  so , just to recap , only a few weeks after scotland voted no and westminster have : backtracked on their promises of powers to scotland ; made plans to cut job seekers ' allowance to under 22 's ( a group with high unemployment ) ; began another war in iraq ; and is now planning to remove the human rights act . 
  well done , scotland . 
  well done . 
  honestly , mate . 
  i was just making a little joke about scottish independence . 
  you ca n't say that the eu brings around closer ties between nations more than the uk does . 
  i do n't like nato at all - not because of close ties , but because of what it represents . 
  i did n't mean the eu . 
  i meant with regards to the uk . 
  i would n't describe the eu ties as closer as the ties between the nations of the uk . 
  i 'm pro-eu ; anti-uk . 
  personally , i 'm a bit tired of really close ` alliances ' between states . 
  the same company ( probably same guy ) said john lewis would leave scotland if they went independent . 
  such is the grip big business has in the age of neoliberalism . 
  you have such a poor understanding of the civic nationalist movements . 
  the movement for scottish independence is not about ethnicity or even identity ; it 's about democracy and governance . 
  we want our own government that we choose . 
  the independence campaign has been about civic nationalism ; not classic nationalism based on ethnicity and xenophobia . 
  the independence movement is very pro immigration , pro eu and has taken an international approach . 
  we want to be involved with europe and the wider world . 
  however , this can not be said of some the unionist campaigns like the orange order and scottish defence league who are an extremely right wing fascist movement . 
  british nationalism is far more dangerous than scottish nationalism . 
  note how our nationalism is with a small 'n' and british nationalism is with a capital 'n' . 
  we 're not separatists , we 're civic nationalists . 
  i think you mean britain . 
  probably ireland because of the people , language and culture . 
  map is missing the shetland independence movement . 
  but to be fair , five people does n't really count as a `` movement '' . 
  do you live in scotland ? 
  literally nothing will change . 
  eu students can still come here to study and so too can non-eu . 
  students from ruk will also not have their circumstances changed . 
  do you mean like ireland was by your london government ? 
  i am an active yes campaigner . 
  let me tell you this : in 11 days time , the uk will cease to exist . 
  yes has won this referendum . 
  i am 80 % sure we have won this . 
  why would they attack eu members ? 
  could they get away with it ? 
  do you actually think russia is a threat to any eu member ? 
  it 's been happening since the 1980 's . 
  ignazi writes about it in the silent counter-revolution . 
  the idea of individualism took hold which caused parties like the conservatives to lunge right . 
  this in turn allowed for extremist right wing parties to emerge who became marginally popular in western europe which made other mainstream parties move even further right . 
  with ukip doing well in the eu elections ( as well as other right wing parties across western europe ) this has caused the mainstream parties to move right . 
  particularly moderately right wing parties like the conservatives as they are seeing their votes being soaked up by ukip and they move right in order to retain their voter base . 
  so close to legalising it in scotland !, 
  about time . 
  majority of the public are in favour . 
  just because someone else 's pile of shit is bigger does n't mean our pile of shit does n't smell . 
  but what is it being spent on ? 
  definitely not things that matter like the welfare state . 
  they 're spending it on nukes . 
  you do n't think there 's austerity in the uk ? 
  dream on , mate !, 
  i was expecting the netherlands to be -294 or something . 
  aye , it 's a general statement .
