  you can see that us need 's a lot less resourses to deal with the same amout of traffic edit : if you 're wondering why fab 's are the way they are it 's mostly due to political reasons and diferences between air traffic control systems . 
  i put in old version of the map here is updated http://www.eurocontrol.int/sites/default/files/styles/colorbox-max/public/illustration/2011-fab-map.jpg?itok=ceve5yvy, 
  looks like a lot of people downvoting because they do n't like what they see . 
  hey i didi n't make this it 's yurp . 
  europe is planing to make functional airspace blocks in order to increase capacity , efficiency and safety of air traffic and also cooperation between coutries . 
  usa has fab 's and the numbers show that they deal with their air traffic more efficiently so we try to make something similar . 
  http://imgur.com/a/lf33y if you 're interested here is comparison between us and eu . 
  you can see that us need 's a lot less resourses to deal with the same amout of traffic edit : if you 're wondering why fab 's are the way they are it 's mostly due to political reasons and diferences between air traffic control systems . 
  its almost like they know something we do n't and the war was planned long time [ ago ] ( http://imgur.com/t/illuminati/qeaznis ), 
  i wanted to ask him but decided not to about turks living in istambul . 
  what is going to happen with them . 
  but it would be pointless conversation . 
  i once had greek guest at my house . 
  he was kinda old dude and very religious . 
  he said that there was a prophercy from baba vanga that russians will help greece to return istambul to which i just nodded and smiled :d, 
  on the map everything looks smaller in the middle . 
  if you draged greenland towards the middle it would look tiny compared to what we see now . 
  how about [ this ] ( http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/strajk-studentow-ul-1981 ) one, 
  me and all my friends are surprised they are on top . 
  i barely heard anything about them . 
  i sometimes surprised how these posts get so popular and you can see them on the front page . 
  i honestly do n't this we 're that important . 
  sometimes it feels like majority of people in r/europe are from baltics and poland :d, 
  yes a lot of our polish people support russian politics . 
  its not fair sometimes . 
  but you know i sometimes visit r/russia and it 's a lot worse in my opinion . 
  some comments are just wow . 
  but you know noones perfect, 
  i remember i put a post on r/europe long time ago about russians being bullied and they removed it and said that i have to put it in a diferent subreddit . 
  this post is exactly the same i made but it 's not removed :d, 
  my first thought after reading it `` how do you think russians feel ? '' . 
  compared to you hes having it great . 
  too sensitive in my opinion :d, 
  dick measuring contest, 
  did we stop hanging out ? 
  he made it look like we 're not friends ;(, 
  its kinda sad that they turn nice thing into some shitstorm :d everyone is jelly that it 's not named after them, 
  its secretly hidden in every picture . 
  you have to [ enhance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxq9yj2pvwk ) the picture, 
  we also have tatar , washigton , russian , polish and jewish signs . 
  im against poachers shooting elephants even tho it doesent affect me at all . 
  i care about elephants . 
  we have a right to be against a lot of things . 
  i 'm against kim kardashian being on r/europe . 
  doese n't mean i 'm going to do something about it . 
  its my opinion . 
  i hope kim gona lose that 3 mil ring for ever . 
  i 'm also against shitty pop music and bad drivers . 
  deal with it . 
  i said i was partially against abortion . 
  it depends on situation . 
  i identify myself as a carrot, 
  its a fair point, 
  but if you try to kill yourself everyone is trying to stop you . 
  in this case yes , if that couple doesent have parents or relatives who want the baby . 
  im not saying every abortion case should be illegal . 
  it really depends on the situation and every situation is diferent . 
  studies just say what it is on the paper , officially . 
  it doese n't take into acount the future of the unborn baby and how people actually feel . 
  do n't tell me you would n't feel anything if your daughter did an abortion your potential granson was gone for ever . 
  you would n't just sit there and say well it was n't a human at that time ... 
  so do you thing women who experienced abortion just think oh there was no baby so it doese n't bother me . 
  they get messed up psychologicly because they know they could have had a baby ... it doese n't matter what studies say . 
  not being pregnant but doing an abortion . 
  i just wanted to say that you do n't always have a freedom of choise when it 's something to do with your body, 
  you can disagree with me and downvote me but my opinion abortion should be legal if women have been raped or shes a meth additct or something in other cases people should take responsibility . 
  maby couople having sex without a condom should take responsibility for their actions ? 
  but maby i 'm craaazy ... and people who say how about freedom of choise ? 
  why ca n't women have freedom of choise to fix their irresposible actions by killing an unborn baby ? 
  its their body . . noone really has freedom of choise in many cases . 
  drugs for example are illegal . . 
  they are illegal because we know people are doing mistake while taking them . 
  why should n't i have freedom of choise to take meth ? 
  its my body . 
  so if i know that women is doing a mistake by killing her unbron baby why should ' t i try to stop her ? 
  these two examples are diferent and very similar at the same time . 
  this is n't photoshop ? 
  why is this here and why would anyone care ? 
  what ? 
  thats exactly what i thought . 
  i actually feel for him, 
  honestly i get edgy too when i dont get to eat ;(, 
  you talking shit ? 
  this means war !, 
  [ here ] ( http://gizmodo.com/thousands-of-tons-of-nazi-chemical-weapons-are-hiding-i-1567787601 ) the allies did it . 
  if i remember correctly nazis put bunch of containers of toxic shit in the sea some time ago and now it just sits there . 
  if it gets damaged then our sea is basically dead . 
  reese 's peanut butter cups are amazing . 
  just too expensive for a few cups, 
  i bet in their eyes we are the same as polish or any other easter european . 
  so atacks against polish is atack against us in mine mind . 
  i remember i saw article about lithuanians getting abused but since there are a lot more of polish people they get on their target more often . 
  im a bit too lazy for that . 
  not worth, 
  ca n't view with adblock . 
  did they have alkohol problems ? 
  i only know one guy who killed himself . 
  he was my friends boyfriend . 
  he didi n't have any alkohol problems but smoked weed every day . 
  how many people you know who killed themselves ?
