they complain that it 's too cold and it 's not even winter yet . 
  i noticed this too . 
  there are more posts from baltics than from french , which is weird . 
  how many languages we have to know to make people happy ?!, 
  yup , i am half polish half lithuanian . 
  does that make me an asshole ? 
  what if i say that love my country and i take lithuanian side on this argument . 
  some politicians who represent polish minority take themselves too seriously and make this unnecessary tensions between people . 
  just say something positive ... it 's history focus on brighter future . 
  happy easter, 
  haha , nice . 
  those are over the top . 
  but some are better than just grey . 
  we need to repaint those grey shit looking buildings with some colours damn it !, 
  i though panama was a huge news . 
  it 's kinda sad that people do n't give a shit that much . 
  also we have short attention span , it 's easy to distract us because horrible things get boring after a while . 
  remember ebola ? 
  i wish we could change our 's too . 
  lithuania sounds weird in english . 
  i actually agree . 
  invading baltics would be insane . 
  we have nothing valuable and we are part of nato and eu . 
  in worst case scenario if nato did not defend us at least they would put very rough sanctions on russia and your economy would go to shit plus we would fight . 
  having us in your teritory would be cancer for you . 
  some people ca n't think logically when they 're scared . 
  no , i do n't think we 're friendlier , we 're the same . 
  last month i was in germany and i took a bus , sat down next to a lady and i didi n't say anything . 
  she kept staring at me likes she 's going to kill me and i thought to myself fuck they are all friendly n shit and i forgot to say `` hello is this seat taken ? '', 
  so that was awkward . 
  i asked her later if the seat was taken she sayed `` nono it 's ok '' so i think she didint want to kill me after that . 
  i found this french jazz trio who play classical/jazz music . 
  they are pretty amazing . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkycpk-jzou https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxbrmdaa-ak, 
  you guys should whatch `` amadeus '' . 
  realy good movie with great actors . 
  its about mozart and salieri . 
  to me the most interesting fact about potatos is that they come from south america and in europe people did not like them for long time and used them to feed animals . 
  beautiful < 3, 
  i know right ? 
  they grow up so fast ;(, 
  there is always that one guy who talks shit on these kind of posts, 
  well sure eight would be good but how about nine ? 
  well here we are :d, 
  told you :d, 
  told you :d, 
  lets wait till the election and after them you can write me `` i told you so '' . 
  if trump wins i will write the same to you :d, 
  i hope they are, 
  and as far as i can see majority of trending twitter # are against clinton . 
  im calling it . 
  it 's not that i support him but my spider sences are tingiling . 
  we 're at the kids table watching grownups talk, 
  it 's like a scene from comedy movie, 
  matrix reference probably, 
  and being in public, 
  we should ban alkohol using your logic, 
  did she actually said she will go to war or people just assume she will ? 
  that makes sence . 
  now i know why would russia want trump to win . 
  and how would russia and us benefit from winning the conflict ? 
  money ? 
  it 's not their pipeline . 
  or is it another dick measuring contest ? 
  can someone explain like i 'm 5 whats going on in syria and why would us and russia get into serious conflict with each other ? 
  we had a politician who actually said this . 
  discusion was how to solve alkohol problem in lithuania and he said that you have to teach people to drink more wine instead . 
  everyone started laughing . 
  yeah yeah yeah ... war is coming ... what ever ... 
  i agree with you . 
  it would be absolutely insane for russia to invade nato country . 
  it 's just not worth it . 
  even in the worst case scenario if nato didi n't defend the invaded countries , they would pull massive economic sanctions that would completely destroy russian economics and it would cause chaos inside russia . 
  i was happy to hear young russians say that they stay away from tv because it 's shit . 
  gives me more hope for the future . 
  no you do n't . 
  read the title . 
  onions and salt missing :d, 
  i wonder if he was ever invited, 
  gib me money pls, 
  i do n't know man sometimes i go on twitter and most trending # are in trumps favor . 
  also many comments on political youtube videos are upvoted in trumps favour . 
  i 'm not saying he will win but it might be pretty close . 
  wait for the american election . 
  that one might overshadow brexit . 
  newly built robots will replace robots that built them . 
  and then the old robots will go on reddit to complain that they are being replaced . 
  sometimes it 's strange to think that there are parts of city you go through every day at some point had bunch of dead people laying around . 
  [ coughcough ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lituanica_sat-1 ), 
  thats true he could have went mental . 
  but i think he knew that the union was falling and he could be punished for war crimes if he went all out on countries . 
  americans have runways in their backyards, 
  sorry i put in outdated pic, 
  sorry i put in outdated picture . 
  your is updated . 
  i took mine from here http://www.skybrary.aero/index.php/functional_airspace_block_ ( fab ), 
  it 's better for both sides to have joint fab . 
  europe is planing to make functional airspace blocks in order to increase capacity , efficiency and safety of air traffic and also cooperation between coutries . 
  usa has fab 's and the numbers show that they deal with their air traffic more efficiently so we try to make something similar . 
  http://imgur.com/a/lf33y if you 're interested here is comparison between us and eu .
