  attention whores . 
  they are making money using freedom of speech . 
  no morals at all ... 
  well yeah so why upvote this shit . 
  and people in comments section are having same discution for the 100th time since 2014 . 
  i 'm so sick of these `` war is coming '' posts ... 
  i eat pizza with knife and fork and i 'm proud of it, 
  yes need to get this to r/worldnews, 
  not if we continue emigrating, 
  maby it depends on whos managing the restaurant . 
  some managers are greedy and they want to sell their bottlet water because tap water would be free . 
  they were talking shit at each other like few months ago . 
  i bet putin still doesnt like or trust him at all . 
  thank you someone agrees . 
  this is bit too cringe, 
  but seriously idk why people posting this here it 's kida cringe . 
  what 's amusing is that some people find this amusing . 
  people respecting and being thankful to police . 
  thats how it supposed to be . 
  i didi n't get it, 
  thank you, 
  what does russia get by ruining relationships with almost every neighbour ? 
  i do n't see bannana only japan . 
  and the coffee stain is sun . 
  so it 's a lovely evening in japan . 
  beautiful girls ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u256d \u035c\u0296 \u256e \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  10th 20th and 31st cities are lithuanian :d http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/polish_ ( civ5 ), 
  totaly agree . 
  whats the point of the democracy if you 're being lied to or you do n't know what you 're voting for ? 
  elected , informed and qualified people should make decision like that . 
  you went too far there ... 
  it was n't that bad . 
  its more or less like john oliver 's show . 
  order !, 
  order !, 
  order !, 
  order !, 
  you should do something about it ( \u00ac \u203f \u00ac ), 
  it 's too late now . . they will be missing out, 
  you ' l have to click allow biscuits, 
  well they are not wrong . 
  but presenting both pictures like this next to each other they want audience to read between the lines . 
  of course they wo n't directly say anything but they know how our mind works . 
  https://youtu.be/34hgvqlwoa0?t=1m53s this guy give good example . 
  ca n't get more european than that, 
  at least they do n't have skulls on their hats just the head of the big bird . 
  i think in lithuania 2.4 mil in 2050 is optimistic . 
  would ' t be surprised if we had 2.6 now, 
  well gues thats the end of this story . 
  no need to vote anymore brits its settled . 
  come on it was n't that bad . 
  he 's just a little shy . 
  i just unconsciously read every comment with british accent . . 
  what ever, 
  i do n't know a lot about these people but putin and trump are high in politics for a reason . 
  they do represent mentality of big part of thier countries population . 
  which is sad . 
  i just asked . 
  i entered university just like everyone else did and managed to get a free spot . 
  goverment helps people who try to enter engineering studies a bit more than others because country needs more of them . 
  well i 'm studying air traffic control for free and i had mediocre scores from my school exams so i ca n't conplain . 
  its kinda easy to get a free spot in engineering studies . 
  i actually like when people talk to me but i do n't want to talk back so its kinda weird, 
  you could say `` what if '' about a lot of things that happened in europe and we would have completely diferent world . 
  you could think of thousands of diferent scenarious . 
  we have no trash in lithuania because noone lives here . 
  so there is no need to recycle . 
  well you 've got to build those pyramids somehow ... 
  maby not blackmail but they use it as a political tool . 
  i think he was trying to joke because we tend to blame everything on russians . 
  but i do n't know maby he is serious, 
  i actually do n't know the whole story about those documents so i should ' t make statments . 
  i also though it was funny, 
  the worst part is that the plant will be 50 km away from our country on the river which goes through our capital . 
  the only way belarus replies to our worries are google translated documents ... 
  usually they look like they do n't want to kill themselfs ... ` starts sobbing ', 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  i noticed that a lot of people think that you can be rasist against other nationality even if you have the same skin colour . 
  maby they do n't know another word for it . 
  some polititian from liberal party got cought for allegedly taking 100k euro bribe . 
  thank you . 
  glad you like it , 
  thanks !, 
  well . . no one is posting anything so i might as well promote my music . 
  like north korea we build our skyscrapers for looks . 
  noone is actually in them, 
  its interesting how finland has highest depression rate and lithuania has highest suicide rate . 
  maby finss are better at detecting depression ? 
  idk his english was ok to me, 
  happens to everyone, 
  [ yes it is ] ( https://youtu.be/nasqsotxkhk?t=5m30s ), 
  they thought of this ban after family beat their 4 year old kid to death . 
  it was major story few weeks ago . 
  i read it as `` saudi-backed whataboutism '', 
  its so strange to me how russia is trying to ruin their relationship with every european neighbour even belarus . 
  what is there to gain ? 
  well no shit, 
  yes everyone is free to leave ( in every way ) :d, 
  there are some people who think that ukraine might join eu some day . 
  i think like turkey thats never going to happen .
