so are all 354 russian ones in europe ? 
  you do not need flights or tunnels to visit europe . 
  you are in europe and have always been . 
  althought it 's not strange people do n't feel europeean after the hysteric brainwashing you have been trough . 
  yes you have the channel between england and the mainland . 
  but i live on an island in norway and i 'm still norwegian . 
  i remember my granddad talking about usa as the place you could go to get freedom and liberties and get away from opressing regimes . 
  and you guys - forget about facehook and twatler - they will demand our reddit password !, 
  yes people wanting an excuse to do bad things tend to forget the last part of the christian bible about love your neighbour . 
  i 'm starting to think the 911 guys won . 
  when usa - the champion of freedom everywhere - remove one freedom after another . 
  what we are left with is not the us i grew up with . 
  sigh . 
  ok thanks - i 'll delete this one then . 
  too fancy page does not work on my computer . 
  condolences to broderfolket !, 
  london , st. petersburgh and now this !, 
  and not forgetting all the terrible things in the middle eastern countries . 
  it 's a sad day . 
  i do n't mind joining denmark again - but this time it 's our time to rule . 
  colour of passport is all right - but the rest ? 
  england want to go back to the middle ages !, 
  rahmyoghurt from germany . 
  with 10 % or more fat . 
  in norway we only get 0.1 % yoghurt which is not suitable for human taste buds . 
  oh but we are definately part of europe . 
  just some eu members behaving like high school . 
  you know - deciding who 's cool or not . 
  is n't this / r/europe and not / r/eu ? 
  so why so many grey countries ? 
  the pear one taste fantastic - and a little like pear . 
  no - it 's a country . 
  lol !, 
  the uk is still going to be in europe even after brexit !, 
  did you think the uk would become asian or american or something ? 
  so when many norwegians say we are eu members just without the right to vote it 's not that far off . 
  interesting !, 
  i belive you forgot about norway - which would be interesting since some in the uk are contemplating the `` norwegian model '' . 
  norway is atleast a member of schengen and eea . 
  perhaps more ? 
  i 'm a norwegian and enjoyed this when travelling to germany in march . 
  i love you , neelie kroes !, 
  thank you !, 
  interesting !, 
  ok good to know . 
  i have been looking at debian linux . 
  this was really useful . 
  thank you !, 
  i have been looking at debian linux today . 
  i 'm glad to hear . 
   so any boycott will very likely hit the wrong people . 
  so does al boycots i belive . 
  like the large boycot of south africa because of apartheid . 
  i 'm sure darker skinned people suffered too . 
  still i belive it was the right thing they did . 
  and i do n't think microsoft , google , amazon will suffer much from me personally stopping to buy us . 
  i do it for me . 
  trying not to support bullies . 
  even when they do occasional good things they are still bullies . 
  but we are straying - i wanted to know of alternative products made in europe . 
  which is interesting in it 's own right . 
  too complicated . 
  i have no idea where android , microsoft , tesla , mcdonalds etc are located inside the us . 
  and while i know many in the us think trump & co are retarded they still elected him . 
  thanks i will do . 
  and i will still eat burgers when i fancy it . 
  yes i like and use many american products myself . 
  i just prefer sending my money elsewhere until they start behaving like decent people . 
  they as in the us government . 
  i know many people in the us are good people . 
  never heard of ubuntu touch . 
  but googled ( siq ) and it 's unfortunately shut down : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ubuntu_touch, 
  excellent - now we are getting somewhere . 
  missing those usb-c ports though . 
  thank you . 
  but i want a colour screen . 
  i do n't feel good giving my money to bullies . 
  and it 's just for me . 
  i will not stop you enjoying us products . 
  it just does not feel right for me personally . 
  archos looks good but they seem to be running android . 
  medion keeps redirecting me to a tech-service page . 
  i will definately look at jolla phones when i break the glass of my current phone . 
  probably wo n't be that long ... do you use jolla ? 
  does it have an app store or similar ? 
  any major apps you are missing ? 
  their phones look good !, 
  are bq phones running their own os ? 
  or android ? 
  i could not find info on ther website . 
  i already have a chinese phone running android . 
  it 's android i would like to ditch - not the phone itself . 
  but i will definately look at bq when i break the glass of my current phone !, 
  yes and i will . 
  they make decent tech and electric cars . 
  the nissan note looks good . 
  thank you - jolla is news for me . 
  i did not know nokia were still around - it was my lame attemt of a joke . 
  netflix - i know that it will be hard to find a good alternative . 
  reddit - i tend to forget my passwords and create a new account .
