  :( we are all related to you !, 
  albeit very distantly ... 
  it blew my mind how similar spanish and italian are . 
  i only learned spanish a few years ago , and when i could speak it more or less , i decided to learn italian for 3 months and it was mindblowing . 
  like learning the same language again with a different sound for c. and my spanish constantly fucked with my italian so i would constantly say stuff like `` come stai ? '', 
  and some words are just wrong in italian . 
  it 's profesora , not professoressa , you weirdos . 
  but it 's strange . 
  italian and spanish have been separate languages for as long as german and english . 
  yet , english and german are literally unintelligible with each other 100 % while i can listen to italian and feel like i understand quite a bit ( even though i only speak b1-b2 level spanish and a1 italian ) . 
  and the general grammar also is very similar . 
  sometimes different endings , but the same systems for the most part . 
  german and english are very different grammar-wise in my opinion ( different sentence structure , cases in german etc. ), 
  she does n't think it fixes the issue ( and thinks it could be fixed through cooperation with turkey etc. 
  ) , does n't want to just leave greece isolated to deal with the problem , and thinks that closing borders is against eu principles/the european idea that includes free movement . 
  no , it 's all l\u00fcgenpresse , all they tell is lies and merkel is dictator of europe and said `` i own all of europe '' in her recent speech ( direct quote , kind of ) . 
  refugees are plundering german streets , everything 's burning . 
  there 's not a single woman that has n't been raped by filthy africans yet . 
  the good german volk is rising up against the tyrannical rule of merkel , but she is suppressing it with the glorious power of the bundeswehr . 
  and it 's only going to get worse !!!, 
  here 's a short excerpt from nick clegg 's `` i love britain '' speech . 
   whichever way you look at it , left or right , if either of them get into government on their own , they will drag britain in the same direction : backwards . 
  that 's not my britain . 
  that 's not the britain i love . 
  what do you think he 's saying with `` that 's not my britain '' ? 
  do you think he means to say `` britain is not one of the things i legally own '' ? 
  i live in an east german city . 
  there are stickers everywhere with `` refugees welcome '' , there are graffiti saying `` our city stays colorful '' , there are banners on our churches saying `` we can only preserve human dignity by giving it to others '' etc. 
  i 've seen an 80 + year old woman get angry with how bad some people think about refugees because she remembers being a refugee herself when she had to flee from silesia after ww2 . 
  my own 89 year old grandfather who has been a blue-collar worker for his entire life and reads bild daily said that not helping refugees is n't even an option . 
  the situation is n't nearly as one-sided as on / r/europe where the consensus clearly is that all refugees must be carted away immediately . 
  employers and their lobbyists etc. 
  always complain about worker shortages or not being able to find employees that are good enough . 
  for example in germany we 've been told for the last 30 years that we do n't have enough engineers . 
  when they say that , they mean `` we do n't want to pay them that much money '' . 
  he 's dutch , he 's just happy germany catches all the flak even though holland is in exactly the same boat as germany export and euro-wise . 
  pretty sure no one has any fucking clue about the economy considering we crash it every 10 years or so . 
  and why would they . 
  it 's super unimportant . 
  because the police were n't called . 
  i choose to trust the people in the asylum office to make that decision , not random redditors . 
   we do n't know what the technology of the future brings . 
  gmo 's , energy , automation . 
  with all of this we can take better care for the aging population . 
  hoping for nurse robots vs. facing reality  what i also do n't understand is why take in these people now ? 
  we take them in now because they are here . 
   its not like the country would collapse if they did n't accept these 1mil people this year . 
  the country would n't even collapse if they did n't accept any non-eu immigration in the last 50 years . 
  it 's not supposed to be good for germany . 
  we are trying to help people whose country got fucked . 
  it 's charity / respecting basic human rights from what i can tell . 
  i 've tried to be cynical and assume that merkel just wants to import cheap labor and reduce wages etc. 
  but i just find that syrian and afghan refugees are not exactly any competition to any german with basic education , so i do n't think it can be that . 
  nope , un problema . 
  greek words ending in - ema are male in spanish . 
  in italian as well . 
   too many are leeching free rides . 
  which ride again ? 
  there 's no reason to waste more money on the military . 
  i would consider myself a pretty dirty person but wtf , of course i do wash my hands after going to the toilet ( and before eating , and when coming home ) . 
  ever since i got out of school , there has n't been any benefit to being sick . 
   `` german asylum system is cause of crisis '' and here i was thinking the crisis was caused by western powers repeatedly fucking apart the entire middle east . 
   feeds nicely into our plans for european domination . 
  i wish . 
  90 % of the `` english '' media i consume is american . 
  i am starting to say the r at the end of syllables . 
  i 'm sure i would say the t in butter like a d if it was n't for my german-ness . 
  he also did n't help invading iraq . 
  ruining the prices local wheat farmers receive for their product , destroying local farms and the syrian economy . 
  any country that speaks a language that i speak would be fine . 
  tier 1 : austria , luxembourg , netherlands ( well , i 'd have to learn dutch , but it seems really easy ) , liechtenstein , switzerland tier 2 : uk , ireland , nz , australia , us , canada ( i can speak english ) ; scandinavia tier 3 : spain tier 4 : portugal , italy , france ( italian seems like spanish with a different sound for c and portuguese is at least readable , even if i do n't understand a word spoken . 
  in french , at least i 'd know how to say the r. ) tier 5 : latin america . 
  tier 6 : the rest, 
  yeah , i 'd rather sew my dick to my legs than vote for those hate mongers . 
  edit : only on / r/europe would not voting for pegida be seen as controversial . 
  they are literally the racist party . 
  they say stuff like `` we regret that the concentration camps are out of order '' . 
  what kind of scum-infested shit hole has this subreddit become ? 
  or it will just blow over like everything else . 
  and the chance that merkel becomes our next chancellor if she wants to is approximately 100 % ( unless she somehow gets ill or dies ) . 
  http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/july/tradoc_153635.pdf this is what the eu commission that is negotiating for the eu side says . 
   you answered yourself : they earned that money that 's enough . 
  a person that owns 5 million dollars and does nothing but sit on the interest rates is a more productive member than most can ever hope to become . 
  do you think that 's fair ? 
  a person that does no work at all is supposed to be rewarded for having money , while a poor person has to work all day and can never ever catch up ? 
  is that fair ? 
  earning money and deserving money are two very different things . 
  if you are rich and you just want to be richer in some egotistical kind of way , i can kinda accept that . 
  but spewing bullshit about justice and fairness and all that neoliberal cant is so incredibly disingenuous and evil that it actually kinda hurts . 
  tax evasion aka `` good privacy protection '' . 
  they wo n't escalate , i.e. 
  there wo n't be civil war in germany in the foreseeable future . 
  they wo n't . 
  like german - isch . 
  i want to tell you that your comment is as dumb as mine . 
  there are also circumstances in which the vw cars have the emissions they advertise . 
  gaming the tests is still borderline retarded . 
  but what can you really expect when our entire education system is based around getting good test results instead of good education . 
  i saw a mother teach her child how to play the xylophone today in a pavillon in front of the social housing unit . 
  another child was running around screaming random stuff .
