  i also saw a suspiciously southern looking person in aldi today . 
  but he bought like 20kg of flour , so he must be turkish and preparing d\u00f6ners . 
  will update when i see terrorists . 
   i ca n't see any reason against a euro army as long as it 's a defensive army . 
  i guess the lack of support comes from the fear that you 'd get sent to fight in syria or in any offensive operation . 
  the german military also is a `` defensive army '' . 
  it 's just that it 's very easy to argue that we `` defend our security in afghanistan '' . 
  i would definitely be worried if an eu army was created because germany has been quite good about avoiding pointless wars in iraq or libya . 
  if all of europe had had a say in the iraq war , we would have had to invade their country as well . 
  i know a girl called lorraine and i * always * call her lothringen . 
  yeah , they ca n't force canada to change their laws , they can just make canada pay lots of money for not changing them or for changing them in a way that investors do n't want . 
   on one hand , we get a never ending stream of news and articles and comments by officials , that are outright xenophobic and often directly insulting to us ( relevant , even more relevant ) . 
  all that simply because i was born in the `` wrong '' country , let alone the fact that those guys probably never even met an actual romanian or bulgarian , or polish , etc. , in their lives . 
  which , ironically enough , is the same thing east europeans here on reddit often say about refugees . 
  they want to be accepted in all kinds of foreign countries and do n't accept anyone in theirs . 
   we are mexicans , we do n't hate spain and we do n't think ourselves as spaniards . 
  case in point , watch 30 seconds of [ this @ 26m50s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieww8hzayx0&amp;t=26m50s ) oh , and of course this is an international subreddit so in case anyone here does n't understand spanish , here 's the translation : mexikanerin : woher kommst du ? 
  spa : ja klar , in spanien redet man spanisch . 
  `` if i get tv in prison , i 'll rape that bitch '' `` no tv ? 
  ah , i guess i wo n't rape her then . '', 
  you can still threaten us brands outside of the usa . 
  if the usa were to slander german car makers , it might help american car companies selling their products abroad , for example in china . 
  but it does seem like some kind of `` trade conflict '' with european countries suddenly wanting tax money from apple and mcdonalds , and america going after european car makers , deutsche bank etc. 
  i 'm rooting for everyone personally . 
  companies should pay their taxes and not cheat with car emissions . 
   it has no biological basis i can tell apart german shepherds , labradors and huskies . 
  those are races . 
  / edit : apparently those are only called races in german . 
  i can also tell apart white , black and asian people . 
  why are the dogs races and the humans not ? 
  i do n't think i 've seen any women wearing nikab here . 
  lots of headscarves , but not really anything more . 
  then again , i moved to east germany a few years ago and there really are n't many turks here and i do n't think i paid much attention as a child . 
  the refugees that are here seem to prefer western clothes , too ( at least the ones that leave their home ) . 
   the population did not want it . 
  oxi ? 
  the entire ruhr area is filled with pumps , too . 
  the cities there have dropped by up to 40m because of coal mining , and now many parts are below ground water level . 
  it costs 200 million $ yearly . 
  fdp represents the absolute opposite of my interests , i am neither super rich , nor do i own a hotel . 
  given that the fdp has a history of accepting donations from hotels and then pushing for laws reducing taxes for hotels , and given that i think only the worst of neoliberal policy , i do n't want them to be in the parliament . 
  besides , the next coalition will be the same as now , so my own interests wo n't be represented in the government anyway . 
  so my only reason to go vote , is to hope that my vote reduces the relative size of votes the fdp gets , hopefully pushing it below 5 % , where they ca n't do any harm . 
   they have some things wrong yeah , everything . 
  the only reason i vote is to keep out the fdp . 
  actually i stubbed my toe yesterday in germany , so only 1 day ( must have been a ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ islamist that put the stairs there ), 
  yeah , i mean , on reddit obviously nobody cares . 
  but if i wrote something even remotely professional ( like newspaper articles or academic papers ) , i 'd try to avoid contractions . 
  i was scolded by my english teachers for writing contractions , so i 'll have to assume that it 's at least stylistically bad . 
  i still prefer willkommenskultur over hasskultur . 
   14 % of germans avoided getting onto a bus or train because of terrorism worries in the last 90 days ? 
  no , 14 % * said * that . 
   and that number is based on ? 
  stupidity , hate and fear . 
  the same thing `` concerned citizens '' base everything on . 
  and usa and china and india and africa and greenland and venezuela and every other place in the entire world . 
  western europe and especially germany and sweden are probably some of the best places to be on our planet . 
  if we think `` this is fine '' , we do so because it is . 
  there 's also a pattern with kevins . 
  lol, 
  looks really cool though . 
  erdogan should build one of those in front of his palace . 
  the idea of the netherlands leaving the eu is just endlessly hilarious to me . 
  i do n't think there 's a single country in the entire eu that would get shafted harder by leaving the eu than export/infrastructure/harbor-based netherlands . 
  also you would have to get through border controls when you inevitably invade german christmas markets every december . 
  fair enough , i really do n't know how to argue against that . 
   imagine if you live in a country in which the prime minister is n't elected in general elections , but chosen by whatever senate/parliament you have . 
  germany ? 
  merkel was elected by the bundestag , and the bundestag elected by the people . 
   when you vote for a specific mp you 're also voting for their party leader to become prime minister . 
  it does n't need to be actually written in the ballot . 
  everyone who voted for a conservative party mp in 2015 knew they were reelecting cameron as prime minister . 
  when you vote for spd in germany , you vote for sigmar gabriel as chancellor . 
  and if you vote for cdu/csu in germany , you vote for merkel . 
  but what happened is that spd and cdu/csu made a coalition and both agreed on merkel as chancellor . 
  so votes for spd/gabriel ultimately ended up being for merkel as well . 
  and that 's perfectly fine , and not at all undemocratic . 
  what are some of the things the eu has done that you hate ? 
  i like open borders , free trade , peace , the euro ( at least from a practical perspective ) , standardized plugs for phones , less roaming charges , and erasmus . 
  i honestly do n't know anything the eu did that i find bad off the top of my head . 
  how to manufacture a crisis . 
  pound at lowest level since 1985 . 
  all the left-wing fearmongers selling their massive pound reserves ? 
  am i just not radical enough or was his speech scary as fuck ? 
  i do n't remember his exact words but it was something like `` we did n't even have to resort to bullets/violence '' . 
  tinfoil business must be booming . 
  one country less that you have to put on maps in this subreddit . 
  people traveling without filing paperwork first !, 
  so the only thing we can do is tax nobody , especially not the rich ? 
  we have to have lower taxes than liechtenstein ? 
  and then what if liechtenstein lower their taxes ? 
  we have to lower them again ? 
  in german we capitalize all nouns . 
  so august and friday are capitalized because they are nouns . 
  nationalities are capitalized when they are used as a noun ( he is a spaniard ) , and not capitalized when they are used as an adjective ( he is spanish ) i think capitalizing all nouns is a great idea and that texts look prettier . 
   using foreground to refer to things you plan to do , or the opposite of `` background '' , i.e. 
  talking about what you have done . 
  wow . 
  this definitely sounds like the invention of someone who studied economics . 
  probably a dutch person ( no offense ) .
