  because i think they are using the word muslim wrong ? 
  i can think their reasoning and personal beliefs are silly but if they do no harm , only good , why would i judge them because of others who interpret the same techings in a different way ? 
  give me the moral religious person over the asshole atheist anyday . 
  i would post this to / r/shitamericanssay but i do n't think you can link to someone you 've talked to . 
  wow you are certainly doing some mental gymnastics there . 
  `` i do n't have a problem with black people i just have a problem with black culture '' . 
  `` i do n't have a problem with muslims , i just have a problem islam . '', 
  `` i do n't have a problem with gay people , i just have a problem with them sleeping together '' . 
  `` i do n't have a problem with left wingers , i just fucking hate left wing poltiics '' . 
  when something is a strong part of an identity you do n't get to pick and choose if it `` counts '' as something fair to criticise . 
  or at least , what you decide is n't automatically right . 
  how unsurprising that you struggle so much to grasp the subtleties and intereactions of race , culture , relgiion and identity . 
  you actually manage to insult ( and demonstrate your ignorance of ) both muslim extremists and moderates when saying thigns like :  who is really practicing the founder 's faith ? 
  the men who run around slaughtering , marrying little girls , beheading others ( all as their muhammad did ) ; or the ones who try the propaganda `` islam , religion of peace ? '', 
  have you studied the koran ? 
  have you studied history ? 
  sounds more like you have read a wikipedia article and now think you can dismiss an entire belief system and culture based off the actions of a few . 
  lol, 
  it is a religious problem , not a problem with all religion . 
  well i do n't get the appeal of people who go on drinking holidays either . 
  i travel to experience different sights , cultures , etc and see things that i 've read about . 
  there is plenty of that to see in north africa . 
  yes but most of the criticism is talking about the specific beliefs of certain muslim groups but is then applied to all muslims , or the majority . 
  muslim and islam are both to do with religion . 
  they both come from an arabic verb ( not sure how you type arabic ) and both essentially mean follower of or submissive to god . 
  muslim is normally used to describe an individual , islam is used to describe the whole or large proportion of all muslim people . 
  if you are saying all the criticism you see related to islam is philosophical and political criticisms of specific teachings , while acknowleging which groups practice that certain belief , then you are n't looking hard enough . 
  all to often it applies minority beliefs to a much larger amount than it should . 
  for example critciising islam as a violent religion automatically suggests all muslims are violent and believe in it . 
  when in relaity a huge amount of muslims do n't beleive in violence , or as a last resort . 
  it is about as silly as attacking a modern church of england person for the crusades or for corrupt catholics in certain parts of africa . 
  the church of england person should be criticsed for their specific beliefs and actions . 
  the catholic person for theirs . 
  you can only criticse the whole of christianity if your critcism applies to all christianity otheriwse you are deliberately misrepresenting the truth . 
  the exact same thing applies here . 
  you say we should  seek opportunity to speak out against islam , judaism , and christianity ; not quiet down when one of the three delivers a pile of shit into the world . 
  when actually you should seek oppotunity to speak out against the specific groups and sects that deliver a pile of shit . 
  when the islamic community all comes out and attacks non-muslims then sure , speak out against them all . 
  as it is you are just looking for an excuse to bash a whole religion based on the actions of a few . 
  and if you want philosophical debate on the religion ( not practicalities of human rights , etc ) you should do so in a reasonable manner . 
  and also still tailor you critcism to the person you are talking to . 
  no point attacking a quaker for the decadence of the catholic church , it is just stupid and makes you look ignorant . 
  and that is what happens everytime people think they are doing the world a service by `` speaking out against islam '' , when in reality they are most often spewing ignorant and generalised beliefs to a huge community . 
  you are the one who is confused . 
  muslims and islam have almost the same meaning . 
  if you are trying to suggest it is differnet becomes americans are a nationality then you miss my point . 
  i 'm not saying it is directly comparable , i 'm saying it is equally illogical . 
  religion is different to nationality but generalising based on either is bad ethically and in terms of accuracy . 
  yes if he personally says it . 
  whereas we should n't attack every muslim when one portion of the muslim population commits or supports and attrocity . 
  what purpose does it serve ? 
  makes people feel righterous and gives muslim people more reason to turn to extremism . 
  it is n't trolling . 
  in their minds , at least , it is getting the truth out . 
  it is a way of trying to influene what people think , what is being discussed , the parameters of debate , etc. 
  any point on the political spectrum has some online presence and there have been numerous examples of the right and left brigading . 
  to be fair to the left wingers i 've read about doing it is normally to combat racism , biggotry , etc so i ca n't help but not be as bothered . 
  whereas the american people are known for being humble and utterly without hubris when talking about political and military matters . 
  maybe we should judge you , and every other individual american , by the actions of the us over the past 100 years ? 
  a lot of it is brigading . 
  facsist and rightwing groups have been caught brigading reddit in the past . 
   off than living under a monarch at the time . 
  you somehow managed to ignore the second part of the sentence you quoted . 
  if anyone was arguing that , objectively , throughout time , napoleon and his society where some kind of god and utopia respectively then i would be the first to argue . 
  i do n't see how either of those points make napoelon worse than the majority of other rulers in europe at the time ? 
  many of whom did similar or the same as napoleon but then did n't have any positives to balance it out . 
  with napoleon it is like `` well he caused suffering but also increased rights '' and `` he ruined x area but greatly improved y area '' . 
  whereas the majority of other european rulers it is more like `` they caused suffering so they could maintain they autocratic monarchy '' and there is little-to-no redeeming factors . 
  i think napoleon was better than the majority of other rules of the time . 
  however i could admit i 'm wrong . 
  but ( barring new evidence coming to light ) it is just impossible to suggest that napoleon was significantly worse than any other european ruler of the time . 
  so it is easy to critcise napoleon , i 'm not saying he is perfect . 
  but it is much harder to point out why he was worse than others ( psssst , it is because he was n't ) which is why i 'm sure you have not bothered to engage in discussion and just nitpick instead . 
  that in no way refutes that  france actually had more advanced rights than most other european countries at the time . 
  or that  napoleon/revolutionary france did some questionable stuff but nothing that made them worse than their rival monarchies . 
  seeing as your are the one going against historical facts the burden of proof is on you here . 
  can you please show me how france did n't have more advanced rights than most other european countries at the time ? 
  and can you please show me how what france did was worse than other countries ? 
  wars that were caused by the other powers who wanted a return to traditional monarchy . 
  for all of europe . 
  yeah tell napoleon he can fuck off and keep his increased freedom and rights . 
  we like our traditional , stagnant and oppressive monarchies . 
  the average person living under napoleon was a better off than living under a monarch at the time . 
  was he perfect , no ? 
  but for his time he was a good guy compared to most of his contemoparies . 
  actually life under napoleon was generally better for the average person ( i.e. 
  very poor person ) than under any of the auocratic and constitutional monarchies napoleon fought against . 
  they had increased rights , prospects and welfare . 
  this is n't even up for debate in most cases . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  the debate is whether napoleon did it for moral or * realpolitik * reasons ( or a bit of both ) . 
  and there is plenty of evidence for both side of that argument . 
   i am cynical enough to see why some of our politicians would like to celebrate trafalgar , waterloo , ve day etc. 
  how do you draw the line between celebration and commemoration ? 
  officially and legally ? 
  it seems it is almost just as bad to go far the other way and bury our head in the sand and ignore our past . 
  i agree with you except where you say `` objectively '' . 
  a state which with one hand elevates people to a special status , and with the other teaches the lives of those people is kind of incapable of being truuely objective . 
  even if the facts taught are objective the overall setting of education is n't . 
  erm france actually had more advanced rights than most other european countries at the time .
