  the more normal , non-violent people are a more mixed bag with many havin a dual-idenity of irish and british . 
  just like every other country in the united kingdom ( welsh and british , english and british , etc ) . 
  but i do n't really care to have the same debate over again . 
  i think the southern irish do n't have the right to decide who is and is n't irish , people can identify how they want to within reason . 
  if you disagree with that then go and howl at the moon because i 've had the conversation twice already today . 
   what are you rambling about ? 
  i was saying that it is sad when people defend loyalists or the ira . 
  i know they are seperate things but they have both used violence . 
  obviously this video is just one part of all the horors that have happened in ireland . 
  i said i made a typo in the second paragraph of the first post by writing `` the ira '' , instead of `` the ira and loyalists '' . 
  i definitely think the violence on both sides is equally as bad . 
   the school children in that video are being attacked by british loyalists , not the ira . 
  i did n't say they were n't at any point . 
  nor did i say they were the ira . 
   it 's completely weird and disingenuous of you to why ? 
  i saw a video of violence in ireland , so i said something about violence in ireland . 
  i 'm saying it is very sad that both sides of the argument have people who carry out violence , and people who support that violence . 
  you are certainly being weird in getting so angry . 
  i think you are completely genuine in your weird angery though . 
   twist it into a rant about the ira . 
  i did n't twist this act at all . 
  i was talking about all violence in ireland , that obviously this video and thread makes me think about . 
   a rant about the ira . 
  it 's a rant about the ira and loyalists . 
   it has nothing to do with them . 
  the violence in ireland ( and britain ) has everything to do with both sides of the armed conflict , not one or the other . 
  either you need to calm down or you think when i say `` the ira and loyalists '' i am saying they are on the same team . 
  i 'm just saying ` and ' in the sense of ' a carrot and an apple ' , a way to talk about two things at once . 
  ok fair enough . 
  ca n't really argue , what you 're saying is pretty subjective . 
  i wonder whether all the celtic-pride people would agree with you about ethnicity though haha . 
  the ira were violent terroists who murdered british and irish civilians . 
  fuck them . 
  early on when it was a struggle for independence the violence is a tragedy but necessary . 
  the ira bombing campaigns were pure terroism , were unnecessary and defending them is saying it is ok to kill civilians , including children , who had nothign to do with ireland . 
  there is an argument to be made in regards to attacks on the miltiary and political figures . 
  but the attacks on the civlians are disgusting crimes and you should be ashamed . 
  the ira did n't care if the people they murdered supported a free irlenad or not . 
  i am very familiar with the history of ireland and i do n't see a single thing there that excuses the iras campaign of terror against civilians . 
  yeah sorry , i was typing on my phone so did n't proof read . 
  i mean people defending both sides violence . 
  i said the loyalist of the ira in the first paragraph but then just ira in the second , but i meant the ira and loyalist still . 
  i 'm not clear . 
  so are you defending the people saying that northern irish people are less irish , or are you saying i 'm just as wrong as them by saying they seem equally irish by all measurable standards ( regardless of personal self-idenity ) ? 
  i meant the reason they broke up and never reunited , and probably never will , is because morrisey burnt all the bridges back then . 
  orwell sums it up better than i ever could  by ` nationalism ' i mean first of all the habit of assuming that human beings can be classified like insects and that whole blocks of millions or tens of millions of people can be confidently labelled ` good ' or ` bad ' . 
  but secondly -- and this is much more important -- i mean the habit of identifying oneself with a single nation or other unit , placing it beyond good and evil and recognising no other duty than that of advancing its interests . 
  nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism . 
  both words are normally used in so vague a way that any definition is liable to be challenged , but one must draw a distinction between them , since two different and even opposing ideas are involved . 
  by ` patriotism ' i mean devotion to a particular place and a particular way of life , which one believes to be the best in the world but has no wish to force on other people . 
  patriotism is of its nature defensive , both militarily and culturally . 
  nationalism , on the other hand , is inseparable from the desire for power . 
  the abiding purpose of every nationalist is to secure more power and more prestige , not for himself but for the nation or other unit in which he has chosen to sink his own individuality . 
  if your husband fits that definition then he is an idiot . 
  if not then he might want to examine the ideological and theoretical roots of nationalism . 
  although i really do n't what your husband has to do with it , do you have anything to say in regards to nationalism or are you just gon na bring up people i do n't know and have never interacted with and make half-hearted attempts at wit ? 
  also remember nationalism is a broad ideology , not just irish . 
  i say the same to british or scottish or english or french or american or whatever nationalists . 
  it is impossible to be nationalist if you spend any amount of time objectively studying the reasoning behind it and contrasting it with other ways of interpreting things . 
  i do n't insist on calling them it . 
  i 'm saying people form the north can identify as irish and in my opinion they definitely appear ethnically irish , while also identifying as british . 
  they can write what they want on forms . 
  fair point , i could have just not said anything . 
  well i guess we agree to disagree then seeing as we agree on the real important practical issues . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure irish people have a hard time discusisng things with british nationalists . 
  nationalists of any flag do n't tend to be very bright people , otherwise it 's hard to believe your own bullshit . 
  oh i 'm not saying it was n't a big cause , or even the original cause . 
  i 'm saying that claiming everything that followed was the result of that , * without any elaboration * , paints a very misleading picture . 
  which is why i would n't call them it . 
  but they are ethnically irish as well as british . 
  just like being english and british . 
  also not all unionists are hardcore loyalists anyway , thankfully . 
  to be fair some of the irish unionists do plenty to embarass us . 
  let 's not pretend both sides do n't have a mix of idiots and good people . 
  not a single word defending the oppression and mistreatment of ireland by the british . 
  guess it 's easier to fly of the handle then slowly read what i said and engage iwth my points . 
  even the guy i replied to , who completely disagrees with me , has n't accused me of defending britain 's empire ... 
   the resurgence of republican activism in ni came directly off the back of the civil rights movement , which came about because of the apartheid style discrimination against catholics . 
  this is n't even disputed . 
  i 'm pretty sure i have a source to debate this if i can find it i will edit it in . 
  discrimination against the nationalists is a huge factor but it 's a massive over-simplifcation , to the point of being reductionist , to say `` the conflict was the result of discrimination against the irish '' . 
   unionists themselves prefer british . 
  i do n't think this is a contentious point either . 
  dare ya to go to east belfast and tell them they 're irish . 
  irish is an ethnicty . 
  the majority of people living in nothern ireland have every right to identify as irish and it makes sense for them to do so . 
  many souther irish people actively try to claim the irish identity as their own ( infact it 's going on in this thread by some other guy ) . 
  and honestly except for hardcore unionists most northern irish people say they are irish , even if they also identify as british . 
  much like english , welsh and scottish people who are pro-britain . 
  and i do n't base my opinion of this kind of thing of what knuckle-dragging idiots think . 
  anyone on either side who would carry out violence over this is obviously an idiot . 
  i 'm sure i could find people to kick the shit out of me , but that does n't mean i 'm wrong . 
   depends on your definition , ancestrally , they 're mostly ulster scots , planted in the 16th century . 
  whether they 're `` irish '' by then is debatable , but they 'd probably have said they were n't . 
  i think 500 odd years is plenty . 
  at those kind of lengths of time most english people are not english . 
  especially because i see these things as more of a question of ethnicty , not race . 
   your entire post goes against all established norms in interpreting ni history . 
  your hostile tone does n't warrant how far out on a limb you 've gone here .
