  if we are completely going to ignore morality would n't it make more sense to continue cosying up to the us and/or russia ? 
  i can see what you are saying in terms of politcal realism , even though china 's actions are highly immoral there is no way to stop them . 
  even if a nuclear holocaust was avoided any war on that scale would devestate the world . 
  however that does n't mean that we should completely ignore their human rights abuses and just act like best friends . 
  i feel the very least that should be done is raise the issue . 
  britain sent people to die in the middle east yet we ca n't even raise a diplomatic issue with a country that has occupied a country and attempted to eradicate an entire culture and has some of the most draconian laws in the developed world . 
  also are you saying it is ok to violate human rights of chinese poeple in britain so as to please/not offend their government ? 
  that is surely a step too far to even the biggest cynic ? 
  i said driven to , not forced . 
  everyone has personal responsibility for their actions but that does n't mean certain scenarios wo n't push people in certain directions . 
  no one sets themselves on fire to show how brilliant their lives are , only people who feel desperate do . 
  and i do n't see how anyone could argue that it is anything but the chinese occupation that is driving people to protest , etc about tibet . 
  it 's like when people say worker 's rights or unions are bad because they intefere with the free market and no one is forcing people to work for x company , they can always choose to do something else . 
  it 's at best a false choice and at worst a deliberate misunderstanding of the arguments for worker 's rights . 
  i admit i 've written emotively but it 's not like i 've tried to hide it or pretend that my post is an objective academic piece . 
  i missed a `` with '' . 
  the government david cameron is working * with * has done those things . 
  the burden of proof is on you if you are claiming that china does n't do those things . 
  any infringments on human rights in britain are minor when compared to china ( except collaborating with the us and allowing them to torture , indefinitely hold , etc prisoners including british citizens ) . 
  hopefully just a misunderstanding because i missed a word though . 
  no worries , i will put this here though , even though you do n't need it , so i hav n't waste my time writing this out i thought this was common knowledge to be honest . 
  erm yeah in most cases the chinese government does n't even deny it they go `` oh yeah that was pretty harsh but we have good reasons , honest '' but then do n't show any evidence . 
  for example when accused of executing political prioners at the side of a road in tibet the response was n't `` those photos are staged '' it was `` yes we did execute people in that manner but they were prostiutes and murderers '' ... 
  this is far from an exhaustive list but if this does n't convince you then you should have no problem googling more https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2015/country-chapters/china-and-tibet http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/04/zhang-kai-chinese-human-rights-lawyer-could-face-spying-charges http://www.amnesty.org.uk/china-five-womens-rights-activists-released-bail#.vitjjl-fjhw http://www.amnesty.org.uk/china-hundreds-human-rights-lawyers-targeted#.vitj7l-fjhw even wikipedia covers it pretty well , both the ` social ' abuses and the violent ones https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_china there is also the increasing amount of `` torture trade '' from china - https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2014/09/china-s-booming-torture-trade-revealed/ combine that with the prisoners who have made claims of mental abuse , and in some cases physical . 
  for a slightly older example this is probably the most famouse case https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiananmen_square_protests_of_1989 readup on the aftermath and the way people were treated afterwards . 
  and also the fact that the chinese government actively supress rememberance , charities , etc related to the massacre . 
  for how they treat non-chinese people just look at the history of tibet sice the chinese occupation . 
  the disappearing people is harder to prove , just like in the ussr/russia . 
  however when the majority of these cases are dissidents , political rivals , etc it becomes much more suspicious . 
  there have also been cases where people have been held without trial and no info is released for ages even admitting to the arrest , then they are released like 8 months later . 
  the majority of dissapeances are abusive arrests , not murders , but there is plenty of evidence that executions have , and , do take place . 
  in britain at the moment labour want to confront xi jinping on the human right 's abuses however the tories seem much less willing and actively turn a blind eye to them . 
  this is causing quite some drama http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/oct/22/minister-ordered-address-chinese-human-rights-issue-commons china also gave a not very subtle warning that it could harm relations if they are called out on human right 's abuses http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/oct/15/human-rights-chinese-ambassador-xi-jinping-uk-state-visit of course they do n't seem so worried about harming relations while carrying our their brutal medieval oppression ... that should be enough to get you started and point you in the right direction for further reading , 
  the government that david cameron is working with has imprisoned , tortured and `` disappeared '' countless activists and protestors over the past few decades . 
  if cameron is happy to work for them for britain 's economic benefit then why are people surprised he is willing to use equally brutal and immortal tactics on people protesting his actions . 
  especially when many of them are not british citizens , it makes it easy to ignore their rights . 
  if cameron has an inch of decency he would not be collaborating with one of the most repressive states in the world . 
  but even if he insists on working with china over this kind of thing then he could at least allow those who have fled the country to be treated like human beings with the right to protest while they are here in britain . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  when osbourne visited china he said that part of his job was to show british people `` what 's going on in china and how exciting it is '' . 
  so far they have conveniantly ignored the ongoing treatment of dissidents . 
  the list of those being persecuted includes artists , lawyers , human rights activists , right down to just your standard protestor . 
  to give people an idea of `` how exciting china is '' , earlier this year a group of human rights lawyers were labelled as criminals because they are delibately underminining chinese stablity ( i.e. 
  they are campagining for human rights ) . 
  at about 3 in the morning one of these lawyers ( wang yu ) realised she had her internet and electricity cut off and text her friends , a few hours later she text her friends saying people were trying to break into her home , not long after that no one has been able to get in contact with her since . 
  how exciting . 
  around 250 lawyers and activists have had similar experiences and there are 25 still missing or indefinitely held by police . 
  also their families are being targetted to and there are allegations of the chinese government interrogating at least one 16 year old boy . 
  account from other poeple like wang yu ( considered a threat but relatively high profile and not really a revolutioanry ) who have been arrested in the past say that she is probably being kept in a small room where is allowed no contact with anyone but her captors , she will be interrogated daily , deprived of sleep , forced to sleep with lights on and barely be left alone in the room at any point . 
  all with the aim of forcing a confession . 
  while this may sound pretty tame it would be a horrible experience and is definitely a violating of human rights . 
  and also we do n't know what happens to the people who never resurface from that situation . 
  back in 2009 some of you might remember the protests in tibet , some of those protestors were executed . 
  this would be like if england had conquered scotland a couple of decades ago and then heavily restricted their internet , contact with the oustide world and general human rights . 
  and then in 2011 , decided to execute people supporting scottish independence . 
  i am sure the world would n't have stood and watched if a compartively weak country like the uk commited these crimes . 
  funnilly enough some pro-chinese protestors in london recently tried to compare the tibet and scotland independence movements but were shut down pretty quickly when someone pointed out that no matter how much some people might hate the scots and all their `` drama '' they are n't advocating executing and imprisoning them ( except maybe salmond , no one should be allowed to walk free while looking that smug ) . 
  that is n't the first case of chinese executing tibetans . 
  a similar thing happened in 2007/2008 after a bout of unrest then . 
  and in 2005 there were these photos leaked that allegedly show an execution ( warning nsfl ) http://www.friendsoftibet.org/main/execution.html . 
  i believe the official response from china was that they were murders and prostitutes which even if true would still be a horrific violation of human rights . 
  and of course the whole occupation and invasion is just a tale of mistreatment that should make anyone with an ounce of compassion really feel for the tibetan people . 
  russia and the us have caused , and keep causing , their fair share of misery but china is the truely evil empire in the world at the moment . 
  all of this is just the tip of the iceberg in china and this is talking about people from a relative elite . 
  imagine how much easier it is to persecute the average person . 
  imagine how conquered territories like tibet are managed . 
  china may have done away with much of it 's economic and social communist ideology but the methods of control and repression are still in full swing . 
  i could literally write a book on the amount of human rights abuses that have been going on in china without venturing further back than the '80s there would already be so much material . 
  there are people out there who are being driven to acts of desperation like this http://i.imgur.com/jspeur7.jpg because they feel so mistreated and they ca n't understand why the rest of the world stands by and watches them have their homes , their country , their heritage all stripped away from them . 
  they are desperate for someone to listen and to at least acknowledge how bad china is . 
  meanwhile in the uk we have a bunch of cunts who talk about what great economic oppourtunites relations with china will provide to british business owners . 
  i 'd rather our country suffer than silenty support and benefit from china , anyone who does n't have that attitude should not be allowed anywhere near a position of power . 
  if people still think the tories are anything but a bunch of self-serving capitalists then this should be all the evidence they need . 
  there is simply no moral argument for supporting china and taking what is essentially blood money . 
  yes and muslim iberia was actually a centre of learning and culture . 
  more than most other european areas at the time . 
  if i 'm rembering right they also gave greater freedom to non-muslims than the spanish gave to non-christians after the reconquista . 
  some parts of iberia were under muslim rule for about 750 years and the idea of spain and being spanish did n't really exist . 
  like most european national identitys they were yet to form at the time of the muslim invasion of the visigoth kingdom . 
  after the reconquista you got people like the inquisitor de cisneros who pretty much ordered everyone to forcefully convert muslims instead of peacefully , ordered book burnings of all texts in arabic excpt a few scientific ones ( still a huge loss of knowledge and culture ) and put down any resisitance violently . 
  all this in complete violation of the terms of the treaty that had been agreed with the last muslim-ruled area of iberia , granada . 
  at the same time the new spanish ruling monarchs expelled all the jews from spain ( who had not been treated completely equally by the muslims but mainly were just taxed more , not actively oppressed ) . 
  this is where the spanish empire which went on to exploit and massacre people in the new world started . 
  i 'm sure that most spanish people now do n't support the inquisition or expulsion of miniorites or imperialism or anything like that . 
  but even if we do decide to look at the historical record to decide who is `` right '' it seems more in favour of the muslims in iberia , rather than the christians . 
  they contributed more to shared human culture than they massacred or oppressed , almost surprisingly so given the history of that era . 
  even most of the fighting was done defensively considering how long al-andalus lasted . 
  i think that the ottoman empire comes off in a less favourable light though . 
  yes they certainly did https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magyar_tribes, 
  i would n't have been surprised if this picture had been taken in england . 
  it 's how miserable they all look . 
  worth it just to annoy americans . 
   yet nobody questions the expats in spain who make no effort to learn spanish or even interact with the locals . 
  well loads of people do . 
  it 's hardly like moaning about british people doing this or taking the piss out of them is an original idea in britain or elsewhere in europe . 
   while you 're drinking an expresso ( or a regular coffee in portugal ) or an espresso as it is called elsewhere in the world :p, 
  women from scotland said `` this is one of the most important sites to visit '' . 
  perfect . 
  the reason he did it was to secure a conservative victory in the elections by giving a concession to anti-eu people to reduce torie votes going to ukip . 
  he may have slightly underestimated how close it could potentially get but he definitely knew it would be worse than he made out at the time of conceding a referendum .
