   it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven . 
  boom , disregarded the vast majority of christians right there . 
  now ignoring that rule is no where near as bad as jihad of course , but it does show that christianity is far more than just doing what jesus said . 
   eople trying to emulate muhammad are precisely the ones that end up blowing themselves up in a crowd full of people or beheading civilians in syria.there is simply no concept of a seperation of religion and state in islam , because the two were united from the very beginning . 
  relgiion really does n't boil down to this . 
  it simply is n't how either faith work . 
  you are , as i said , totally right that jesus is a much better role model than muhammed . 
  but that means little to the practicing of modern christianity and islam . 
   there is simply no concept of a seperation of religion and state in islam , because the two were united from the very beginning . 
  there has n't been for most of christianity . 
  it was the struggle of minority christians and atheists fighting tooth and nail for seperation of church and state . 
  many countries still have an official state religion , and it actually used to still be pretty important only a couple of centuries ago . 
  also some islamic groups , like the baha'is actually explicitly forbig involvment in politics ( although doing civil service jobs , public works , etc type stuff is considered ok ) . 
  just like with christianity the fundamentalist groups label them as not real muslims and persecute them . 
  but to an outsider like me they look no less muslim than the coe are not ` real ' christians because they split from rome . 
  especially in iran where they were heavily persecuted when they started getting enough support to be a threat to the government . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bah%c3%a1'%c3%ad_faith#persecution also research suffism vs ulama . 
  to see a political and legal interpretation of islam vs a spiritiual one . 
  they have fell out a lot in the past . 
  since the 60s/70s where islamism got started it has actually opposed the sufis quite a lot . 
  infact many beleive that islamism as political islam and other forms of belief are not political in themselves . 
  check out this guy and his view on legalist islam vs sufism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ibn_taymiyyah#sufism this is the 1300s and what is he arguing about ? 
  the sufi idea that spiritual enlightenment was more important than obeying the sharia law . 
  this is an old debate in islam and one that is far from over . 
  althoug hcurrently th islamists are winning , largely due to the ton of funding they got ( which other groups did n't ) from the 60s , 70 , 80s and 90s . 
  i have to be honst mate it pisses me off that people keep correcting me on stuff they clearly hav n't studied . 
  neither religion boils down to accurately representing their prophet . 
  and furthermore you are making claims about muslims that a 5 minute google search would completely prove false . 
  i could go on but i have things i need to be doing and i do n't want to waste my time if you are gon na be like ` nah bollocks mate your years of scholarly study of islam and the middle east do n't mean shit ' . 
  if you are intersted though i could write up a more structured dicussion of the doctrinal arguments within islam and how it has the potential for a less political and violent , and other variations on , islam . 
  just like christianity . 
  writing on a busy train so forgive formatting , etc , 
  well wiping out islam would be the most efficient way to ensure it but i 'm not a utilitarian . 
  yes because they were oppressed and crushed and has no organisation , no funding and no chance at a succesful insurgency . 
  if you look elsewhere in the world there have been christian extremist groups ( east india and centeral africa spring to mind ) . 
  whereas extremist isalmic forces have never been wiped out and have infact gotten stronger and stronger due to the destabilisation of the region and the money/arms they have recieved directely and indirectly from britain , the us and france . 
   you think people in middle east are dying from sadness because brussels got a terrorist attack ? 
  that is not a way to work out if something is moral . 
   they give the same amount of shit i do when something happens in their country . 
  that means you are as bad as them , not that it is ok .  i care more about paris or brussels than i do for turkey or any middle eastern nation . 
  why ? 
  they are still human lives . 
   first off , go take your wife and daughters and dont forget mom and live there in any majority muslim nation of your choosing and let me know how similar muslims are to christians . 
  what about living in the christian slums of brazil . 
  i 'm sure the superior christian nature will make it great . 
   potential is a pointless argument that seeks only to undermine the obvious truth that currently islam , its jihadis , its islamists and it majority of conservatives do n't give a fuck about basic human rights . 
   check your facts . 
  and more importantly , just take a look at the world around you , mate . 
  are the christians beheading people and stoning women ? 
  are they strapping on the good ole suicide vests in brussels ? 
  did they fly airplanes in the wtc towers ? 
  did they bomb the tube or shoot up paris ? 
  do they daily bomb their own nations ? 
  nope . 
   your argument is asinine and neglectful of the reality of the situation . 
  go be a pc apologist somewhere else . 
  i hav n't defended any of those things and you do n't understand what theoretical dicussion has to do with real world issues . 
  have i denied that muslim countries are more opressed and worse off ? 
  i 've not defend a single one of those things and you know it you pathetic little man . 
  well ok but pretty much have to considering a large part of my history degree was studying the middle east . 
  anyway no point in carrying on this discussion if you 're not gon na take my word i have read them , only to dismiss everything i saw because you do n't think i have . 
  waste of both our time . 
  i 'm saying it is because of islamic extremism which is definitely not an inherent part of islam . 
  just like christianity , islam can be interpreted in different ways . 
  what we need to understand is why is it currently islam that is seeing a rise in extremism ? 
  we agree that is the question right ? 
  and you ( or maybe someone else , losing track here ) are saying it is because islam is fundamentally violent and christians would behave better in the same situation , etc. 
  and i 'm saying that yes extremism is the problem but i do n't think it is islam causing it , it is just the guise it is wearing . 
  if they were christian then the same would happen . 
  it gets more tricky with religion like jainism because pacificsm is so fundamental to it and the nature of their belief system is differnet . 
  whereas muslims and christians have contradicted themselves and done all kinds of disgusting stuff in the name of god . 
  so muslim and christianity can 100 % have equal amounts of evil done in their name . 
  the question is why right now is it muslims . 
  and the answer is ismply not `` because islam is worse '' because we know christians have been equally brutal in the past , so christianity has the same scope for violence . 
  so why has christianity developed in a less violent direction as time has gone on . 
  and islam , at one point was also , only to see extremism suddenly shoot up . 
  if we look at the timeline of events extremism starts shooting up directly correlating with wars in the area , and western ( often us and british ) money and arms finding their way into the hands of , what were at the time , tiny extremist groups . 
  now i 'm not saying that is the only cause , but it is a hell of a lot more likely than all the moralists cliaming islam is flawed and christians would be better . 
  i have no idea why anyone would think christianity is better than islam . 
  they are equally awful . 
  and a moderate muslim is a million times better than a radical or fundamentalist christian . 
  simple facts . 
  making out is all islams fault is a simple answer with a simple solution . 
  i wish it was the case and wiping islam out would solve everything but it simply would n't . 
   it is easier to justify terrorism in islam than in most other religions . 
  so islam is n't exactly just `` another religion '' as our dear leaders want us to believe ; it has differences which make it easier for barbaric people to justify what they are doing . 
  i completely agree . 
  it 's just that christianity simply is n't one of those religions . 
  it is super super easy to justify violence with direct quotes from teh bible , just like islam . 
  it is also super super easy to justify pacificsm with quotes from the bible , just like in the quran !, 
  see my point . 
  you 'd think so but many people actually are claiming that islam is fundamentally worse than christianity . 
  and that christians behave better in the same situation . 
  also just had a guy tell me that islam has nothing to do with christianity and judaism , depsite them actually being very similar in structure and having a shared history lol . 
  it 's insane . 
  anyway i 'm done arguing with nutters online today haha . 
   does that big ass `` if '' excuse the current violence of islamists ? 
  nope . 
  have i at any point said that ? 
   because you are unwilling to open your eyes and try to gain some knowledge on the subject from the texts themselves ?
