  feathers were still easy to come by , the right type of reed was n't . 
  then quills stayed around until dip-pens , then fountain pens and now the biro . 
  dip-pends were mainly invented and manufactured in britain and the fountain pen was technically invented by muslims but was created as we know it , and popularised , in germany . 
  and the biro/ballpoint was american i believe . 
  why do romanians seem to always claim stuff they invented ? 
  it 's only anecdotal evidence but the 5 romaninas i have met in real life all made claims about romania ( especially their inventions and achievments ) that i knew , or later checked and found out , to be false . 
  havei just been unlucky or does romania have some really effective state propaganda ? 
  or maybe ti is because inventors have a habit of claiming to be the `` first '' at stuff , even when they are clearly not . 
  and people tend to buy into the lie more easily when it is told by their fellow countymen . 
  here are some famous romanian inventors you can brag about though http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aurel_babe%c5%9f http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrei_alexandrescu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_constantinescu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anastase_dragomir http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ioan_cantacuzino http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_de_bothezat http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hermann_oberth http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9etefan_odobleja http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_paulescu tl ; dr romania played little to no part in creating the jet engine and the invention and popularisation of the pen . 
  i see you got the memo where it is ok to be racist/discriminatory towards gypsies . 
  why is will shakespeare in liverpool and robin hood in scotland . 
  should be in stratford and nottingham respectively , or at least both in the midlands . 
  a lot of the time when people talk about europe in general ( for example the general level of press freedom ) , especially americans , they tend to mean scandinavia , centeral and western europe . 
  a lot of americans idealise those areas of europe and look down on the eastern countries . 
  incompetence is rife in any large institution or state normally . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i find this subreddit , and many of the larger news related subreddits , to be a complete joke . 
  the format of reddit ( espec . 
  downvoting and sorting by votes ) and the size of some of the subreddits make any real discussion on a controversial subject difficult/impossible . 
  i sometimes hope that the majority of users are teenagers because i hate to think we live in a world where so many adults incapable of having a real discussion . 
  i seriously think they need to teach logic in school , maybe it would avoid people thinking fallacys , such as your putin example , are a legitimate form of argument . 
  itt : people who know nothing about the military yet claim to know exactly how russian military convoys operate . 
   why not show them trucks loaded with actual humanitarian aid , rather than empty space for potential soldiers to be carried ? 
  do you think the russians are retarded ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that if they were planning to decieve people they would have done that ; shown trucks full of goods for humantiarian aid . 
  if anything that fact they are showing the press half-full trucks is less suspicious then if they show one or two , full to the brim , trucks . 
  don ' r get me wrong , i 'm very sceptical of putin 's motives but this subreddit seems to be suscipious to the point of paranoia where * everything * is `` evil '' or `` stupid '' and so on . 
  putin and the russian government are n't stupid . 
  as you say they could easily have shown full trucks if that was the plan or they would have refused press access . 
  what they definitely would n't do , if they were being sneaky , is this . 
  yeah i always downvote the stories that make russia look non-evil . 
  international conflicts not being black-and-white is too much for my brain to handle . 
  i want the frontpage to reflect my beliefs , not the truth . 
  after all that is what the news is for right ? 
  to echo back the beliefs i want to hear . 
  i really hope someone finds out what page it is . 
  people do n't have the right to be forgotten and they have the duty to stand by or seek forgivness for their actions . 
  only children get given a clean slate after being `` naughty '' . 
  fuck this stupid rule . 
  not quite , but soon , it is going to start to be a repeat of the west 's policy of appeasment with hitler . 
  wow ... 
  again your logic is circular . 
  that also directly applies to the palestinians . 
  what should they have done ? 
  had a little peace rally perhaps ? 
  there are no standards in survival . 
  something easily forgten by armchair zionists . 
  and i 'm far from an armchair freedom fighter but i 'm not going to waste my time boasting about what i 've done and seen . 
  if your point applies to both sides then you probably need to look elsewhere . 
  well even if that is true it does n't prove itself , care to explain ? 
  i think we both know that sometimes things ca n't just be accepted . 
  what makes it so you think israel has to be accepted ? 
  whereas another example of an imperialist decision made without the consent of the people it affects would probably be something you consdiered worth fighting against ? 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  slavery ? 
  equal rights ? 
  gender equality ? 
  it is clear that some things do need to be constantly fought against and not accepted . 
  i just do n't see any good reason that israel is one of them . 
  yeah europe does have a lot of the blame on it ' shoulders . 
  however that still does n't legitamise israel and especially does n't affect their current policys . 
  why should the palestinians be punished for euopean hubris ? 
  and the zionists had plenty of choice . 
  there was only a majority jewish area because of zionism amd the balfour decleration . 
  i 'm about to go away from my computer so do n't have time to do it myself but please look up the demographics . 
  it was about 10 % jewish people in 1920 and even less in the late 1800s . 
  there is nothing wrong with that but there is something wrong with artificially creating that situation in the first place . 
  i find it funny you talk about self-determination but the very right to decide the future of palestine was out of the hands of the people who lived there . 
  it was an imperalist decision by imperalist and zionist leaders . 
  the very thing you are saying legitiamises israel was not the natural order of things , it was created by the lon . 
  and also i 'm sure you are aware that the un opposes israel 's continued expansion ? 
  if i promised a bunch of austrians that i would create them an austrian state in bavaria what would you think ? 
  when i suggested it ? 
  when austrains started emigrating there ? 
  when i said `` these two peoples have a right to sovreignty '' ? 
  do you not see the problem ? 
  what you are saying is true on the surface but pays no attention to even recent ( past 100 years ) events . 
  all the legitamises israel came after the fact of it 's creation ( unless you beleive in divine right ) . 
  no i 'm saying it was about 10 % of the population . 
  the majority were arabic muslims and a minority of arabic christians . 
  i 'm saying there was no jewish state , no jewish majority , etc before the the zionist movemen and the creation of israel . 
  the historical accounts are questioned a lot by historians and also have strong religious overtones . 
  above all else they are hundreds of years old . 
  hardly a free pass to agressively take control of and expand territory . 
  if you think that it is , then logically you also have to agree to all the other examples of thousand year old land rights . 
  or be a massive hypocrite and not give a shit i guess . 
  there is a huge difference between a legal right and a moral right . 
  i think it 's quite clear that i 'm talking about the moral right . 
  by all means i 'm happy to get into a discussion about it but at the moment you seem to be arguing from a legal standpoint , which obviously is irrelevant to morality . 
  i can think of hundreds of examples of legal but morally bankrupt actions from the modern day and throughout history . 
  and just because i 'm anti-israel does n't mean i blindly follow and protect other anti-israel people . 
  you are right that it is often used as a scapegoat for example . 
  that does n't change the fact that some things it is in the wrong about . 
  i actually wrote my dissertation on a topic relating to the policy of appeasment . 
  do n't patronise me . 
  and do n't assume ignorance , only treat someone as ignorant when they have proved it beyond a dobt or you look stupid . 
  that was my point . 
  that 's why i said perhaps we should have given him `` another '' chance . 
  palestinian groups have repeatedly tried to make peace with israel ( as have some israeli factions ) however time and time again israel either refuses to compromise or compromises and breaks the conditions of the truce .
