  the massive dispairty between rich and poor has been changed little to nothing . 
  does it really qualify asd a monarchy ? 
  it 's called constiutional monarchy . 
  not ceremonial monarchy . 
  there is a big difference between the two and what they suggest . 
  russia , germany and austria would like to disagree . 
  oh well i see what you mean but it remains a pretty empty comparison due to all the other differences between them . 
  the situation with ireland is a bit different . 
  there has n't been any actual violence between the french and english recently and the rivalry with the french is much more tongue in cheek than the hate for the english is in some irish communitys . 
  i 'm proud of the standard of living and human rights we have in the uk , both could of course be improved . 
  i 'm a historian , so i 'm very interested and can appreciate the achievements of england throughout history but i do n't feel personally proud of any of them . 
  it 's all a bit victorian having such nationalistic feelings . 
  the sooner we reach the death of nations , the better . 
  edit : tell me one good thing that comes from nationalism ? 
  i definitely feel germany has the most similar culture to england in all the european countries i 've visited . 
  well then why is so much of the aggression directed towards normal english people ? 
  that is a stupid comparison . 
  cromwell was n't even as bad as some kings we had . 
  you are right but karma does n't matter and he 's obviously trying to share something he thought this subreddit will enjoy while admitting he got it from another subreddit so no problem . 
  agreed . 
  everyone *** knows *** the government are extensions of the large private companys . 
  yes but in this case i was talking about `` the germans '' as in `` the people from the country of germany who were taking part in this deal '' not `` the german race '' or something . 
  well i can see where you are coming from but i 'm not an engineer and i hav n't read any of the official documentation so i 'm just speculating here . 
  but it seems that the faults are n't minor oversights but a massive flaw in the submarines that the german engineers/company must have been aware of . 
  it mainly comes down to what they germans did or did n't know and how much they told the greeks . 
  anyone have any idea on that count ? 
  now you have gone in the opposite direction . 
  surely the germans are morally wrong for selling faulty equipment and the greeks are stupid for buying it . 
  i think seeing a map like this as a kid would have made me want to find out more about some of the things on the map and becoming more culturally aware nearly always makes people less prejudice . 
  they look over designed . 
  i 've used $ 100 notes quite a lot because i found a lot of the cash machines gave them out in that denomination . 
   in france , generally , you pay the doctor and the s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale pays you back some time later . 
  why 's it organised like that ? 
  also what happens if you do n't have any cash because you are very poor or something ? 
  in england people still use them a bit , especially older people but it 's mainly cards now . 
  as a brit i 've had no problem buying things from german via debit card . 
  euros also feel and look like monopoly money compared to english money . 
  thanks !, 
  is erasmus just for degrees or can it be for masters and doctorates too ? 
  i 'm talking about flags people choose to use , not the actions of the past . 
  i would n't disagree with you on that . 
  nice strawman though , 
  says the guy with the quebec flag . 
  i imagine some people feel similar to how you feel about quebec about republika srpska and serb national identity/nationalism . 
  anyone who is born in any of the countries that you can see in the sidebar . 
  or anyone who have moved here and adopted the culture , general values , language , etc of the region they live . 
  i do n't believe there is such a thing as ethnically white . 
  most people when they say that mean anglo-germanic and sometimes scandinavian and french which is already such a wide range of people that it is dumb . 
  when talking about countries with as diverse culture , religion , race , etc as the whole of europe it is stupid to describe europe as white . 
  even just based on skin colour some italian and spanish and eastern european people are ` darker ' than some middle eastern people . 
  hurr durr dae french are cheese-eating surrender monkeys because of ww2 ? 
  no i do n't know anything about history since or pre-ww2 . 
  if you base everything you read off left-wing and right-wing newspapers then sure . 
  what if he was shouting `` god help us '' as he unloaded rounds of bullets ? 
  i 'm sure you would say it is different because he is asking for help in hard times . 
  yes it did . 
  the only way it is comparable to the fall of rome is if you based your argument off 19th century historians instead of modern ones . 
  even then it is a real stretch . 
  the fact that rome was much bigger geographically and had a completely different system of government , different ideas about race and culture , international laws , etc makes any comparison pretty redundant . 
  i agree that long-term sustainablity should be the main aim but it 's hard to dismiss money spent on helping people in crisis as useless . 
  they are informed because many of syrian refugees are pretty skilled and well educated . 
  so they keep up with current affairs and also do n't want to end up somewhere where they can actually be paid fairly for their skills instead of having to work a crappy job that anyone could do . 
  it is n't like they are all looknig for maximum handouts , they just want to be able to get a job and work hard and be rewarded for their ability . 
  now i 'm not saying that is n't a selfish attitude but it 's what the vast majority of people would think . 
  if for some reason i needed to flee britain i would go somwhere my history degree and programming experience is more likely to get me a job , not somewhere where i would almost certainly have to work as a labourer or retail assistant . 
  many european people seem to forget that it is quite difficult to learn a second language . 
  the reason that so many british people suck at languages compared to most people ` on the continent ' is because we are n't taught a second language until we are teenagers , many are n't exposed to foriegn languages at home before that and it ends up with lots of people just not bothering because it is too difficult . 
  all the immigrants who do n't speak english natively i know , who can speak english fluently , went to schools in england and/or heard english being spoken a lot at home as well as their native language . 
  so britain should really sort it 's shit out on this one , and i think it highlights why so many europeans seem to not understand why it takes immigrants so long to learn a new lanague when they are not small children and probably hav n't been exposed to it much . 
  it has but a huge smile on my face after remembering how the welcoming was tepid at best originally . 
  it is nice to be reminded of the huge capacity for kindness humans have because i spend a lot of my time thinking about the huge amount of selfish and evil things that people do . 
  i do n't know if i can be proud of a country i do n't belong to or if i 'm just proud of the individuals or what but i feel proud that people in europe are welcoming those in need with open arms and aid instead of indifference or anger . 
  it really makes me feel that one day we can overcome many of the problems immigration causes and , even more importantly , combat the driving factors that cause mass immigration . 
  because that is clearly what i was arguing ... 
  your point ? 
  how does that disagree with what i said ? 
  i blame immigrants . 
  oh i agree with you . 
  he was just making an appeal to hypocrisy which is always just used to avoid actually defending your position . 
  i was only disagreeing with how it seemed you were representing the us , not the fact that esthermont 's point excused the ussr/russia in some way !, 
  excellent , all the best to them and their family . 
  `` please give me attention '' . 
  terroist piece of shit . 
  glad he is dead . 
  do n't blame you for pointing out the distinction . 
  it 's important to be accurate whatever your views on an issue are . 
  i have travelled all over italy and although i knew there was an economic divide i was n't aware quite how clear it was . 
  most of northern italy was around the same standard as most western and centeral european cities whereas parts of the south ( and siciliy ) were quite impoverished and run down . 
  you mean / u/onlywhitesshouldlive did not have a thoughtful and multifaceted insight into the issues caused by immigration and the factors driving population movements ? 
  that kind of hits the nail on the head . 
  the answer is most probably `` to stop the problem '' but obviously just accepting immigrants does n't stop the problem . 
  it is a short-term solution , one that ca n't be ignored without causing lots of suffering but will never solve the problems that drive such large population movements ; war and poverty . 
  the problem is people tend to argue as if it is either all economic migrants or all refugees . 
  that creates a very black and white argument which just shifts focus from actual solutions . 
  however i do lean towards the view that there are many more people who deserve to be given refuge and a fair oppourunity to make a living , than those who are just trying to abuse the system . 
  well many internationalists and freedom of movement activists would argue that the only point of them is , at best self-interest and at worst a method of exerting control over large amounts of people . 
  not too eastern europe . 
  other areas of the world they are a much bigger threat than russia . 
  and the us has carried out far more acts of imperialism than the us . 
  it is probably hard to bear that in mind though when you live in a country that suffered under the ussr .
