  you said to close down the places of worship that allow these people to represent them meaning the members of that church/mosque/whatever will have to find a new place of worship . 
  have you not flip-flopped back to just punishing the actual people preaching hate ? 
  it is what you would be doing . 
  carrying out removal of undesirables from on high , with no chance to change and presumably preventing them from reutrning to the position through prison , court orders or deportation . 
  right or wrong , at least have the courage to admit the full implication of what you are advocating . 
  he doesnt need to read those bennite lies . 
  he knows the truth . 
  you have to when you want to legitimise hatred and mistreatment of a whole community . 
  so we are also gon na purge all the christian and jewish leaders with fascist beliefs to right ? 
  dude ... 
  if we did that we need to close down a lot of our historical churches . 
  would you support that ? 
  i have read both ( in english ) and i would say not at all . 
  infact while the new testament and jesus ' teachings are much more palatable the nature of abrhamic religions means it comes down to the individual to decide which bits to follow ( even if they do n't admit it themselves ) . 
  you can easily lead a good life by cherry-picking from the quran , you can easily lead a bad life by cherry-picking from the new testament . 
  also the torah is pretty nutty and extremist , yet again , it comes down to the individual , not the holy book they decide to follow . 
  even complete fundamentalists argue over exact meaning , yet alone all the non-fundamental believes . 
  judging a person based off their religion is stupid , because as every right-thinking person knows , god is n't real and lots of people have a different idea of what god means to them , wants , etc. 
  so it is much more efficent to judge people by their actions and words . 
  carrying out terroism ? 
  being a muslim who has interpreted muslim teachings in a loving way ? 
  why in hell 's name would people bash them for being the exact type of muslim they want to exist ? 
  of course if you are a 15 year old atheist i see the appeal , but besides that why waste time attacking someone because their religion has a holy book which fundamentalists can use to justify violence ( just like the torah and the bible ) . 
  here is a big example . 
  the reason isrealis legitimise killing palestinians is they say technically the bible says `` do not murder '' not `` do not kill '' . 
  therefore legitimate killing is ok , you just ca n't murder people . 
  of course anyone sane who bases their morality of reasoning and justice rather than what a really old book says will detest that kind of mental gymnastics . 
  or how about the priests who feel child rape does n't intefere with their understanding of god and the bible ? 
  at the same time the quran has lines which can be interpreted to mean `` peace above all '' and stuff like that . 
  and explictily says they should treat christians and jews nicely . 
  muslims have chosen to ignore the quran 's teachings when they peresecute christians , they are n't following it . 
  and so on . 
  all the abrahamic religions have a lot of potential for hate and violence . 
  it 's just the current problem is with muslims because the area that faith is centered is an absolute shit-hole . 
  partly due to normal people in the area , partly to do with religious extremists and partly to do with the us , france , britain and russia fucking the region up for two centuries . 
  well seeing as you are suggesting there are enough idiots in ireland who are willing to use violence over a name then i do n't see why i would have any inclination to go . 
  nice to see the telegraph is as reactionary and as fear-mongering as ever . 
  it is you i feel sorry for after reading this exchange . 
  just do n't talk to nationalist idiots who get upset about stuff like this and which king was the biggest arsehole 400 years ago and call it whatever is bloody well convenient . 
  i 'm starting to wish i could make you vanish at a whim . 
  wow collectiveindividual . 
  you do n't sound like you have a chip on your shoulder at all mate . 
  welsh and gaelic are the only non-english language i 've heard white native british people use casually . 
  never heard people just chatting in scot or cornish . 
  or we could ignore that kind of petty stuff and focus on fostering co-operation and goodwill between both countries through more tangible stuff . 
  nah you 're right , name wars is way better and less effort . 
  one of my favourite jokes is : tell the pakis to go back where they came from ... bradford , leicester , coventry , sheffield and other post-industrial british cities that wanted cheap immigrant labour in the 60s and 70s . 
  i have deleted my comment because i 'm now getting abusive messages . 
  including one not in english . 
  nothing i said was more inaccurate than any tongue-in-cheek joke about history and certainly was n't insulting . 
  if only we were like you irish with your famous clear spoken accents . 
  or she might actually die during a hunger strike . 
  that is hardly optimistic . 
  i thought you were saying it was true , my apologies . 
  whereas thatcher and blair are beloved in britain ? 
  language and cultural families are n't though . 
  however we all speak american so they quite like us because of that . 
  except we are in no way a new caliphate . 
  it is n't harmless . 
  it 's much safer than many other legal non-prescription chemicals and drugs available for consumption . 
  also , like alcohol , any ill effects are due to excess not occasional indulgence . 
  most weed smoked in the uk is grown in the country . 
  claiming women are bad in business is a relatively tame remark about women compared to some stuff you read online . 
  so it would be easy for someone to think it was serious because there is not much expression when writing out a statement like that . 
  of course in person it would be clear if they were serious or not . 
  it 's capitalism at work . 
  it 's putting profit first . 
  it is n't inherent in human nature for everyone to be so selfish and short-sighted, 
  numbers show how genuinely popular a protest is . 
  you do n't get large protests from relatively small hardcore political groups . 
  they generally organise that kind of thing , but if it just them who turn up it is n't that popular . 
  if large amounts turn up then it is something people care about enough to unite and go out and do something about . 
  the proof will be in the pudding . 
  well i guess the argument is that anything done through cooperation could be done more effectively and in a way that makes it harder to breakdown easily . 
  but , like with any debate about union of states , the problem is that theoretically it makes the most sense but actually getting it work in the ideal theoretical manner is much more difficult . 
  i was n't proposing you should all do it tommorow , more saying that it is interesting that areas has n't ended up unified or had their unique cultures wiped out where other similar areas have . 
  it is n't hard to imagine a history where that area of europe looks very different on a map . 
  if you think a tikka masala has much in common with an authentic indian curry you have never eaten a `` real '' indian curry . 
  it is not comparable to the way that many `` chinese '' takeaways are ran by people from other east asian countries as there is a signiciant difference between british curries , indian curries prepared for british peoples and the curries eaten by people in india . 
  also britain went through a phase where it encouraged encorporation of other cultures ( nicking the best bits ) whereas france 's colonial attitude , right until the end , was to convert the colonials into french people completely . 
  britain were like `` we are so amazing it does n't really matter so long as people do what they are told when we want them to '' and the french were like `` we are so amazing everyone should be exactly like us '' so it 's not surprising that a french person ca n't see a way of encorporating another culture 's food into their own culture ( even when they like the other culture 's food ) . 
  the meat ( especially sausages ) , gravy and potatoes are what seemed very british to me . 
  especially just being served whole on the plate , not as part of a dish . 
  obviously different and unique , defintiely not saying influenced by britain , just that it has by far the most in common with typical british food than anywhere else i 've been . 
  also for most of the coutnry none of those are very common for delivatessens . 
  most i 've been to have been cold meats , preserves , cheeses , and other local products on those lines . 
  which is much more british . 
  most british people would say cheddar cheese and strawberrry jam are far more british than black pudding and jellied eels !, 
  but no matter how similar i think the whole jellied eels thing is probably right . 
  that would make sense . 
  although why do we get judged by our regional oddities , how did that become famous ? 
  because it would be like saying italian food was weird and shit because of formaggio marcio . 
  the only common ` weird ' food i can think of is black pudding which is served with nearly any cook breakfast , even though it is far from universally enjoyed in britain . 
  but i 've seen some kind of blood sausage in many countries , especially in germany i saw `` bludwurst '' on the menu a lot . 
  a black pudding * is * a blood sausage , the most common type in england , you wo n't hear anyone calling it blood pudding or blood sausage . 
  something else i 've noticed that might have something to do with it is that many restaurants i visited in france and italy ( obviously both famous for cooking ) were often better value for money in terms of presentation , service , etc even if the food was cooked equally well . 
  weird . 
  i 'm not an expert on germany but maybe it is a regional thing ? 
  the west of germany , close to france , is the part that i 've spent hardly any time in . 
  and obviously the areas along the rhine have had a ton more french influence over the years than the east .
