  the propotion of muslims who are terroists are tiny . 
  now let 's have a look at some other generalisation and see what you think : so when some extreme feminists say we need to treat all men like rapists and abusers because of the actions of a few is that fair ? 
  does the fact that some jewish people are unscrupoulous and greedy mean we should treat all jewish people like that ? 
  does the fact that some black people are lying , cheating , lazy , thieves mean we should treat all black people like that ? 
  does the fact that eastern european immigrants in the uk are some of the most problematic for criminal problems mean i should assume everyone from eastern europe is a scumbag ? 
  if i get robbed 3 times by black people should i then demand all black people should be banned from the country ? 
  and i 'm sorry mate but anyone who says we should ban all or the majority of muslims from entering a country because some of them might be terroists is a racist and a fascist . 
  also you are n't being logical , you are making use of about half of the formal fallacies that i 'm aware of , sp even if you are 100 % right and i 'm wrong your argument literally fails to demonstrate any of the points you are making . 
  `` i think we should ban all poles because i know some of them are criminals and it is n't worth the risk . '', 
  whether you mean it or not it implies that all poles are a threat because of the actions of a few . 
  at the very best it is a huge overeaction , at worst it is straight up racism as you are treating a whole group of people based off your beliefs ( which are in turn based off the actions of a few ) . 
  any adult who thinks like this should really be ashamed of themselves . 
   why you want us to become another country multiculti failure multiculturalism is succeeding in all countries/areas where intergration happens . 
  it must suck having to cherrypick so that your racist claims can even make a shred of sense lol . 
  wow , all the fucking idiotic racists and fascists have came out of the woodwork as per usual . 
  call me cynical but it seems like they love it when a terroist attack happens because it gives them a chance to say stuff like `` muslims have no place in european society '' and get upvoted instead of being called out fot the irrational pieces of shit that they are , which is what normally happens . 
  a tiny number of terroists is not represenative of the entire muslim population or of all the refugees trying to come to europe . 
  it really should n't need explaining to anyone capable of writing a post on reddit . 
  it is like football fans who genuinely hate and blame everything on other team 's supportes , not a certain group or individuals but every single opposing supported . 
  except it is even more stupid because most bashing muslims have never interacted with them , only read stories about the small minority of extremists and are generalising a group of millions . 
  it is the idiocy of the football hooligan turned up to 11 . 
  terroism is a problem , extremism is a problem but your average muslim is about as much of a problem as your cathloic nan . 
  problem is the first kind of requires the second and you have to rely on people to work out the difference themselves . 
  maybe i misunderstood what he meant by `` everyone with their own viewpoint '' , because i think that is a good thing . 
  i agree that most news articles have headlines designed to be dramatic . 
  i do n't see what any of this had to do with what you said about the truth lying between reality and fiction though , 
  i did n't say that did i ? 
  that would definitely be a fallacy . 
  do n't blame us . 
  blame tony blair and the blairites , he is an international war criminal . 
  he deliberately mislead the british people and started an aggressive war . 
  the british people actually took part in one of the ( if not the ) largest protests in british history ( also one of the largest turnouts for the global orchestrated feb 15th protests ) . 
  people not normally intersted in politics , lefties , right-wingers , muslim groups , all sorts of people turned out for it . 
  even many of the newspapers completely supported the demonstration . 
  people came from all over the country on coaches and trains :  [ as well as the ] usual suspects - cnd , socialist workers party , the anarchists ... there were nuns . 
  toddlers . 
  women barristers . 
  the eton george orwell society . 
  archaeologists against war . 
  walthamstow catholic church , the swaffham women 's choir and notts county supporters say make love not war ( and a home win against bristol would be nice ) . 
  they won 2-0 , by the way . 
  one group of swp stalwarts were joined , for the first march in any of their histories , by their mothers . 
  there were country folk and lecturers , dentists and poulterers , a hairdresser from cardiff and a poet from cheltenham . 
  so do n't blame us . 
  blame the man who dragged us to war against our wills . 
  once more oligarchy triumphed over democracy . 
  if i had my way blair would be at the hague tommorow along with bush . 
  for his war crimes but also for the mockery he had made of the supposedly representative democracy of brtain . 
  because he is n't racist but is homophobic obviously . 
  exactly . 
  and ignoring all ethical questions about britain 's ideas about the eu , they are already playing a dangerous game because while we are relatively powerful we are not the world leaders we once were . 
  there is still every chance all the anti-eu sentiment will just blow up in britain 's face and leave us in the cold . 
  poor eastern european countries have no chance because they have sooooo much less to bargain with , and in some cases are argued to be more of a cost than a benefit to the eu . 
  britain is probably punching above it 's weight , so i do n't see how a pretty much all around worse ( in terms of * realpolitik * ) country like slovakia will have greater success in regnotiating things on it 's terms . 
  slovakia is quite near the bottom in terms of economic clout , estonia ( that someone else keeps saying should do the same ) is pretty much the lowest in terms of gdp , even when looking at per capita they are pretty bad . 
  i think lots of people are confusing the realities of global politics with their personal morality and ideology . 
  the eu and bolshevism are pretty far apart , what are you trying to say ? 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  thanks to the internet we are exposed to lots of views , instead of just those of our parents , social circle and the ` establishment ' media . 
  well bush lead the charge , with blair playing second fiddle . 
  but actually there are quite a few european countries who supported and took part in the iraq war . 
  france of course not being one as they were one of the few vocal oppositions to the war if i remember right . 
  but `` europe '' is definitely relevant . 
  [ the coalition of willing leaders and less wiling people ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/coalition_of_the_willing.svg ) . 
  so do you think poland would ever lead such a move ? 
  and also who else do you think would foolow besides romania ? 
  who do you think will leave with you ? 
  i did n't say it was brilliant , i said it should be clear * why * refugees coming in masses , that are pretty unprecedneted , are not being handled the same as migrants . 
  ok well leave , you will just have the same disadvantages as now but with less advantages . 
  what does that have to do with what i said ? 
  i said it 's being mismanaged , i just said how can anyone try and claim they ca n't even see why it 's like this . 
  it 's pretty clear why it 's like this , it does n't mean it is brilliant just that it is silly to try and make out there is no obvious reason as to why refugees are handled differently to ` normal ' migrants . 
  well that is n't going to happen , and you going out the eu would hurt your country even more . 
  you are between a rock and a hard place but staying in the eu clearly has more advantages . 
  only a hopeless idealist would think romania would be better off without european ties . 
  especially if russia keeps up it 's interest in that region . 
  it sucks , i can understand why you are pissed . 
  but it 's childish to throw the baby out with the bathwater because you ca n't get everything you want . 
  you 'd have maybe gained some pride but you 'd lose out in nearly every other measurable way . 
  same for britain . 
  even if you disagree with it , it should n't be that hard to grasp . 
  the clear difference is that hte majority of those just walking in , as you put it , are refugees from war-torn areas . 
  not mr.smith who wants to move to austria out of personal preference . 
  i do think the spike in immigration and refugess is being mismanaged but i do n't see how anyone can struggle to understand why they are being treated differently . 
  i 'm not saying just let everyone in , but it seems almost deliberately misleading to make out that refugees are the same as benefits migrants who are the same as toursits who are the same as a normal immigrant . 
  it 's reductionist and there is n't even a decent excuse because the differences are clear , you might not agree with it but do n't pretend `` i ca n't understand why the refugees are n't being handled like someone wanting to move here because they like austria '' . 
  3/4 bln can be considered `` measly '' in a leading european country , for romania it is a prety important part of their economy . 
  if that funding suddenly ended tommorow romania would really feel the pinch . 
  it 's pretty dumb for britain to try and leave the eu , it would be masochistic for romania to leave rather than intergrating themselves more . 
  economics care nothing for your national pride mate . 
  i am sorry if you somehow get the impression i have any issue with chinese people or culture . 
  not at all . 
  my critcism is only towards the government , the ruling class and those who support their actions . 
  you ca n't hand wave away reports of executions and unwarranted arrests/persecution for decades as `` sparse '' reports . 
  i hav n't visited china i admit but the anecdotal evidence of a holiday hardly means more than research and evidence from multiple sources over multiple decades . 
  if we were discussing the moon would you say any evidence i have is meaningless because i did n't obtain it myself ? 
  as for `` evil empire '' i was using a phrase that was used to describe russia as the biggest threat to the `` free world '' in the cold war and then was later used to refer to america as well . 
  my point is that of the 3 true superpowers china is probably currently the worst overall , although russia has been getting worse . 
  so the term `` evil empire '' which was used to refer to either russia or the us in the past now probably best applies to china . 
  china is n't really a threat to britain or europe though .
