  i 'm sure people in areas affect negatively by the us and not the ussr have the same attitude as you but in reverse . 
  but a simple analysis of the cold war period will show that the us carried our more acts of aggression , more covert regime changes and more acts of imperialism than the ussr . 
  that does n't excuse the ussr , but it does call into question you suggesting the ussr was a bigger threat because outside of eastern europe the us was nearly always an equal or greater threat . 
  lol . 
  i agree that ` two wrongs do n't make a right ' so just because other states hav n't apologised does n't excuse russia . 
  however saying the us has been much more open about their shortcomings is a bit of a misrepresentation . 
  i mean maybe in comparison to russia , at a stretch . 
  but the us is n't any better to a meaningful significant degree . 
  but the us and russia are as bad as each other for defending everything they did or doing `` we are sorry but '' apologies . 
  even for older history , as for anything form the past 100 years it is like getting blood from a stone . 
  a slight less smelly piece of shit still smells like shit . 
  i 'm sure you feel more strongly about it because of where you live but the us has actually carried out more acts of imperialism since the end of ww2 than the ussr . 
  and the us is , on the whole , ` officially ' not very sorry for any of it . 
  lots of individual russians and americans have their personal opinions but the official line for both the ussr and the us is justification for all the fucked up stuff both nations did . 
  arguing with people from the baltic states about the ussr is like arguing with people from the us about diversity . 
  no one is a winner . 
  not my british or european standards either . 
  stop talking our your arse mate , you 'll embarass yourself . 
  seumas milne is not a stalinist lol . 
  i do n't feel like this is as bad as made out . 
  i mean it is almost certainly bullshit but the arguments in that article are n't great . 
  one of them has an english accent and one of them has an american one . 
  both , to me , sound pretty convincing . 
  they do use weird turns of phrase but if they are either a ) based in russia b ) russians who were recruited into the cia then they would show russian mannerisms in their speech just like a french person does when they talk english . 
  as i said it is probably bullshit but that article ois not an example of good journalism . 
  treating stuff like this as a joke just gies the conspiracy theorists more ammunition wehereas a careful weighing up of both sides of the argument would be better . 
  this is one of the least credible conspiraacy theories i 've ever heard someone seriously beleive in ( thankfully not many ) . 
  the royal family are all some kind of super-intelligent lizard-people . 
  this is apparently based on what princess dianna told her friend ( yeah right ) -  the queen mother ... now that 's a serious piece of wizardry . 
  the queen mother is a lot older than people think . 
  to be honest , the royal family has n't died for a long time , they have just metamorphosised . 
  it 's sort of cloning , but in a different way . 
  they take pieces of flesh and rebuild the body from one little bit . 
  because it 's lizard , because it 's cold-blooded , it 's much easier for them to do frankenstein shit than it is for us . 
  the different bodies are just different electrical vibrations and they have got that secret , they 've got the secret of the micro-currents , it 's so micro , so specific , these radio waves that actually create the bodies . 
  these are the energies i work with when i 'm healing . 
   they know the vibration of life and because they are cold-blooded , they are reptiles , they have no wish to make the earth the perfect harmony it could be , or to heal the earth from the damage that 's been done . 
  the earth 's been attacked for zeons by different extraterrestrials . 
  it 's been like a football for so long . 
  this place was a bus stop for many different aliens . 
  all these aliens , they could cope with everything , including the noxious gases . 
   they 're landing all the time and coming up from the bowels of the earth . 
  they looked like reptiles originally , but they look like us when they get out now through the electrical vibration , that life key i talked about . 
  they can manifest how they want to . 
  all the real knowledge has been taken out and shredded and put back in another way . 
  the queen mother is `` chief toad '' of this part of europe and they have people like her in each continent . 
  most people , the hangers on , do n't know , you know , about the reptiles . 
  they are just in awe of these people because they are so powerful . 
   `` bal moral is a very , very nasty place . 
  that 's somewhere they want to dig underground . 
  they will find reptile fossils , it goes back that far . 
  do n't think of people like the queen mother and queen victoria , as different people . 
  think of them as the same person which after a while has had to replace their coat . 
  when the flesh dies , that energy , while it 's dying , will be immediately up someone else 's jacksy ( backside ) . 
  it 's very vampire , worse than vampire . 
   they are not going to come to you with hooked teeth and suck you 're blood . 
  fear is their food , they can actually take fear and manifest it into a tangible thing . 
  the key is the vibrational current . 
  at that vibrational current , they can manifest anything from anything . 
  its like a holographic image . 
  we are all minerals and water vibrating . 
  this is all an illusion we are living in . 
  that 's the secret . 
  you know when the monarchy 's fallen , it 's not the end of it . 
  they will manifest in another form . 
  the reptiles have never been defeated and this is the closest they have come to it . 
   the reason they are so threatened today is because the earth is in such trouble and the mental power of people is returning . 
  this is their most frightening time , but this is not going to kill them . 
  there are long centuries before it 's over yet . 
  the difference this time is that it 'll be more difficult for them and they are going to have to settle for less and the earth people are going to get more . 
   but even though these reptilian ones are fuckers , they are sad , pathetic beasts really , while humanity is galloping towards light . 
  they 're just pathetic lumps of nastiness who are n't going to win . 
  i ca n't talk about this everywhere because they would just go ` christine , get a white coat , put it on backwards , get out ' . 
  but i want an end to the bullshit . '', 
  private eye has some pretty awful cartoons but also some really good ones . 
  i think this is pretty accurate for the general feeling and prejudices of people in the uk . 
  although i 'm surprised how popular the us is seeing as they seem the butt of more jokes , drunken rants and general abuse now days than any of the other western countries ( except maybe greece and poland ) . 
  one good act does not excuse other bad acts . 
  it should n't be hard to work out that the `` reedit lefty alarmists '' will probably praise this individual policy while still criticising the tons of other policies that are either questionable or outright stupid . 
  you are the only person here acting like opinion of the tories is a black and white issue . 
  `` reedit lefty alarmists '' , i do n't see any here , more like strawmen to help you feel more jusified whining . 
  human rights policy is political already . 
  but mah freedom, 
  bascially even the anti-immigration nutters think that farage is to big of a joke to actually vote for . 
  speak for yourself . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i think it means unintentionally create fear . 
  not sure though . 
  you are either a troll or a an idiot . 
  i have plenty of muslim friends who are horrified by what has happened , i have non-muslim friends who do n't give a fuck . 
  i have a problem with anyone who carrys out these acts of terroism or anyone who supports them , regardless of faith . 
  just like i am on the side of anyone who is against such needless violence , whether they are christian , muslim or atheist it does n't matter . 
  what matters is their personal actions and beliefs , only children judge individuals by labels and the prejudices attached to them . 
  the problem is n't islam , it is extremism . 
  just like the little coe old lady who does n't harm anyone is n't too blame for christians who carry out gential mutilation in africa . 
  the founding of the religion does n't matter . 
  judge a person on their actions and personal beliefs because that is all that matters . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fucking ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ idiot ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ based ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ off ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ beliefs . 
  i am utterly against what extremist muslim people stand for . 
  but if someone who identifies as a muslim conducts themselves in a way i find moral why would i ever condemn them ?
