  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_j._loud you are right that a hungarian ( the famous mr.biro ) later developed it into what we are familiar with today . 
  so first off maybe * you * need to check your facts . 
  secondly there is no need to be so insulting over a minor disagreement . 
  look i think you are rude and i disagree with you but i 'm civilly explaining why you are wrong instead of calling you a douchebag . 
  try and act your age mate . 
  agreed , in my explanation i point to various pepople/countries that had big parts to play . 
   nobody said that a romanian invented the jet engine or the pen that is exactly what he said  the fact that a romanian invented the ink pen or another one the jet engine and i know about coanda but i 'd hardly say he invented , or contibuted directly to the invention of , the jet engine . 
  he did play a part in the wider field that allowed a functional jet engine to be designed and built though . 
  as for poenaru i do n't think i 've heard of him and cliaming he made the first fountain pen ( if he made one at all ) is definitely liberal use of the word `` first '' . 
  wikipedias history of the fountain pen matche up with what i ( think ) i know and it does n't mention him . 
  as i said the earliest was invented by a muslim inventor , then there are records of fountain pens existing within europe about 100 years before poenaru was alive and the modern fountain pen was developed by a birmingham engineer . 
  i do n't see what poenaur has to do with it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fountain_pen#history ah i see a mention of him , so he invented a pen that was better than those that came before and was the first to patent it . 
  as we all know being the first to patent something get 's you credit but does n't actually show how much you contibuted to the invention and development ( * cough * edison * cough * ) . 
  and it clearly was n't the first ever fountain pen . 
  poenaur 's idea was n't even a great leap forward or what ultimately lead to fountain pens working so well . 
  i hav n't got a grudge against romania , i linked some inventors and thinkers i admire or who are cool to read about from romania , nut i 'm a stickler for factual accuracy . 
  well i come from an academic background so words tend to be used in their literal defintion . 
  propaganda in academia nearly ( not quite always ) refers to infomation released with the agenda of changing someones 's political opinion , without any judgment . 
  i do n't think biased means what you think it does . 
  of course propaganda is going to be biased , by definiton it is trying to persuade people . 
  i did n't say propaganda was a reliable scientific source , i said it can be used for `` good '' as well as `` evil '' . 
  i did n't say whether it was a fair or accurate relayed of infomation . 
  so i agree the word propaganda is negative in terms of quality of info . 
  i 'm talking about what it get 's used for . 
  for example all the ww2 allied posters were propaganda that were bias and misleading right ? 
  yet most people think it was justified and for a good cause . 
  the infomation was bad but the cause was good , hence propaganda is n't always , or mainly , a derogative term . 
  and you are right the burden is one the listener to make himself understood , which is why he should be exact and specific . 
  as we can see here using propaganda as a derogatory term can be equally confusing as using it 's literal meaning . 
  so whichever way the word is used the person still needs to specify their feelings on it ( if it is relevant ) because until then it unclear which definiton is meant as both are acceptable . 
  and i might only be technically correct but you are completely incorrect to say you should n't use `` propaganda '' without derogatory intent . 
  you have admitted it is a correct definition , it is the literal meaning of the word and the one the comes up first in the dictionary , it is commonly used by many as a neutral term and how can yo . 
  and while i might want to communicate an idea if someone does n't understand the term i explain it to them , i do n't dumb it down or use colloquial uses of words to make myself udnerstoof . 
  i 'm not a primary school teacher . 
  people who think propaganda is only and completely a derogatory term are uneducated . 
  i do n't feel like that is a good reason to conform to what they think . 
  academia  common wisdom 9/10 . 
  no because that is n't discrimination . 
  saying that on average asian people have less muscle mass is a fact that can be shown by science . 
  claiming this makes asian people inferior and means they should be treated badly is discrimination . 
  i 'm not talking about political correctness , or some other kind of mandate . 
  i 'm talking about discrimination and labelling whole ethnic and cultural groups of people as all being the same . 
  it is wrong but because of morality , not because of legaility and it is illogical because it ignores the fact tha tpeople are individuals with different beliefs , aims , etc. 
  it is the difference between , when talking about nazis , saying `` i hate germans because of the nazis '' and `` i hate germans who took part in and supported the nazi party '' . 
  one is attributing the cations of the few to the many , while the other is identifying what the specfic problem is . 
  in this example the problem is n't their race , it is their behaviour . 
  so i do n't see why people who dislike gypsies hate the people so much , especially because when asked why they normally identify specific actions of some of those people , not their race at all . 
  and discrimination is n't wrong . 
  of course people treat different events , etc differently . 
  discrimination against an individual based off their race is wrong and you are an idiot if you claim otherwise . 
  in your example , personally i would n't cross the street , but let 's say i did feel threatened then why ? 
  becuase he is `` huge '' so could physically beat me up , is drunk which reduces inhibitons and increases violent tendencies and is being loud ( let 's assume in an aggressive manner ) which shows he is actively looking for trouble . 
  so yes i might * discriminate * against him , treat him differently in that individual scenario based off his current actions which he chose to do . 
  but any idiot can see this is completely different to discriminating against someone based off race . 
  the drunky guy example is people acting against visually apparent facts , in an individual scenario . 
  whereas racism is assuming someone 's race/culture is inherently wrong or broken in some way . 
  in the example of gypsies we are n't dealing with a fact ( alcohol increases chances of being violent ) we are dealing with a false assumption ( e.g. 
  all gypsies , or nearly all gypsies , are criminals ) so one is `` fair '' discrimination , we are acting off facts accordingly in an individual scenario to protect ourselves with no indication we will carry on that pattern of discrimination towards , say , all fat people because the drunken shoty guy was fat . 
  whereas with racism or cultural discrimination people are n't just reacting to one situation , they carry assumptions with them , mr.x read abotu some gypsie criminals so now he acts as if all gypsies are criminals , when non-criminal gypsises are shown to mr.x he sees them as the exception to the rule . 
  and because he admits that some gypsies are `` ok '' he ca n't be racist . 
  as you can see the logic just does n't match up . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'd disagree with you anyway but that example was an especially bad one to illustrate your point . 
  you can hand wave it away as the `` pc brigade '' but that is meaningless and not a real argument . 
  well maybe it is the langauge barrier but tlaking about gypsies and then saying what `` they '' did to you and the shit `` they '' pulled sounds very inclusive . 
  sorry buddy you do n't have that right . 
  infact believing you have the right to look down on a whole group of people and think of them like that says a lot about you . 
  you can have a mad opinion about individuals . 
  having a bad opinion about a whole race is pretty much the definition of racism . 
  saying it is n't because of skin colour does n't mean a lot as being like that towards a whole culture is just as bad and illogical . 
  i disagree with a lot of tradtional muslim teachings but i do n't start generalising all muslims . 
  i actually know some romani people who no longer live a traditional lifestyle , are they a problem for you ? 
  if not then you should n't speak about them all in that tone . 
  you should be specfic about what your problem is . 
  if you think the tradtional way they live is bad for them ( not because you just do n't like it because ti does n't agree with you ) but if you feel it is actually bad for their children for example . 
  should n't you be focussing on intergration and access to education and making sure they get equal rights and so on rather than bashing * all * gypsies . 
  infact in the uk a lot of romanian gypsies are much more tidy , law-abiding and polite than the irish travellers ( who also get called gypsies ) . 
  tl ; dr in that case focus on the behaviours and actions you have a problem with and the individuals behaving/doing those things . 
  not the cultural or racial group as a whole . 
  you never ever have the right to discriminate against a whole race of people based on the fact they are born as part of a certain race or culture . 
  i read that as  this is the history class of my school which i thought said a lot about education . 
  sorry you have made a common mistake . 
  propagnda iss a neutral term . 
  people think it is a negative term because you only ever hear people use it to describe something they are against . 
  but even something like anti-smoking posters are a form of propaganda . 
  propaganda is any kind of infomation that is presented to a segment of the public in the hopes of changing their ( especially political ) viewpoint . 
  i 'm sorry the jet engine was `` invented '' by several differnet people/countries . 
  non-of those were romanian/romania . 
  the japanese and italians did most of the early work and a norwegian scientists was the first to make a effective gas turbine ( needed for a jet engine ) . 
  a british guy was the first to make a `` real '' jet engine , in the 30s , but had a few problems in it 's development he patented the idea though . 
  a german then expanded on the british idea and managed to make a better engine but it only functioned with an outside power source . 
  then the british and germans + austrians kept working on their own versions serperately and both made ones functional for civlian use aat roughyl the same time . 
  i literally do n't know what romania has to do with the jet engine , beyond possibly some obscure early concept or prototype i 'm not aware of . 
  but even if that is the case it definitely was n't as important as the italians , german , austrian and british contributions . 
  as for pen and ink . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i 'm guessing you mean a specfic type of pen and ink ? 
  the egyptians were using a reed pen thousands and thousands of years before romania was even a concept or that modern romanians ancestors even lived in what is now romania . 
  the quill was invented in the middle east either by jews or christians . 
  quill pens began to replace reed pens in europe with the collapse of the roman empire because trade to egypt and the surrounding areas broke down .
