  napoleon/revolutionary france did some questionable stuff but nothing that made them worse than their rival monarchies . 
   edit : indeed , it 's also related to our inate sense of pessimism and inferiority ... maybe ... that comes from being various other european state 's bitch ever since everyone else in europe realised they could do colonialism bigger and better than you . 
  do n't worry though , we all bow to our german overlords now . 
  a tenner more expensive but their policies look better so think i 'll go that route , thanks . 
  exactly . 
  those are n't mainstream views but they are hardly rare either . 
  and online they become even more common due to the demographic . 
  i know . 
  i was mocking the americans who often take any criticism of the us as a personal slight . 
  i would say i overall do hate the us government but overall i have no problem with individual americans who have roughly the same ratio of great people and cunts as any other country on earth . 
  yeah and despite whether you are pro-capitalism or not i do n't see how anyone can rely on `` free trade/market '' rhetoric . 
  it has been clear for a long time regulation is important . 
  and instead of getting drunk and going swimming , they make cheese on toast , sing in choirs and turn road signs around to annoy the english . 
  i think most of europe is like that . 
  except for france . 
  it is an interference with the free market . 
  by pretending this somehow does n't violate the free market we are perpetuating a misunderstanding . 
  this does violarte free trade , but that is n't a bad thing . 
  the idea of a free market is completely obsolete . 
  for example the majority of people agree on child labour laws , minimum wages , etc. 
  they all instantly stop something being a free market . 
  the only reason free market/trade is still a term , is because people just to ignore all the controls and regulations that mean something is n't a free market , to suit their own political rhetoric . 
  except for those who constantly redefine the meaning of a `` free market '' no one reallythinks it is a good idea . 
  so they are right , it does intefere with the free market , but we should n't care and you are right to mock them . 
  except that it is n't a question of does this intefere with the free market ? 
  it is a question of why should we fucking care ? 
  businesses have repeatedly shown us that people ca n't be trusted and the free market does n't work because consumers do n't behave rationally and producers do n't behave ethically . 
  either we live in an economic wild west or we accept that the free market just is n't workable and regulations , government interference , etc are needed to protect the average person . 
  but why do all your europeans hate us so much ? 
  in the uk most stores are open on sunday but closer earlier . 
  many local corner shops , takeaways , off licenses , petrol stations , etc are open normal times on a sunday . 
  i 'm just not hearing `` j' as sounding like `` y '' in yes . 
  can someone give me another example ? 
   there is still teacher bias i think that is the same everywhere . 
  putin becomes more and more of a parody of himself with each passing week . 
  i 'm innocent , the cylons made me do it . 
  but mah freedom . 
  because it is something people do in their free time . 
  whereas the people who are scraping out a living or scraping meals together are normally busy surviving . 
  which is why students and fulltime activists often makeup large parts of protests . 
  probably a kneejerk reaction to how such a statement is normally followed by a rant about muslims rather extremist terroists specifically . 
   because the fundamental issue at hand is that they are destroying other people 's property . 
  which presupposes destruction of property is never justified . 
   because the fundamental issue at hand is that they are destroying other people 's property . 
  again which presupposes destruction of property automatically trumps everything else . 
  what about slave revolts ? 
  where the slaves in the wrong for destroying the property of others ? 
  now i 'm not saying the situation in germany is directly comparable to colonial slave revolts but i am saying that if in some conditions destruction of property is justified or a lesser evil then that means it * is * important to discuss the motivations , etc and not just look at the outcome in a bubble . 
  so the fundamental issue at hand , for someone against it , is surely that they are destroying property ( or the wrong people 's property ) for the wrong reasons . 
  unless you are claiming in no scenario could it possibly be justified , in which case please explain why you think that is the case ? 
   once you 've been to university you will realize how unimportant such discussions are to practical reality . 
  wow . 
  way to be arrogant and condescending . 
  i 've graduated university already thanks , currently doing postgrad . 
  and surely university encourages people to question and analyse , not engage in black and white thinking where you handwave away subtleties ? 
   furthermore , there is already an implied answer and pre-existing discussion of the question `` when is violence justified '' implied in the existing judicial code of the country . 
  this code is the result of millennia of social discussions and change . 
  appeal to law is not proof of your point , that is a fallacy . 
  you might very well be right but that does nothing to demonstrate it . 
  ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ been ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ decent ^ ^ ^ university ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ should ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ :p infact , as we all know , many europeans countries have done horrific things that were perfectly legal and accepted at the time . 
  so it makes it even more of a silly fallacy to use in this situation than it normally would . 
   thinking that some half-cooked idea of a self-absorbed radical ah yes because all radicals are self-absorbed . 
  so we can just dismiss all radical thinkers and activists no matter what there argument or actions are . 
   by insisting that your half-baked immature ideological extremism is more valuable than the legal code represented by the majority of the people and the thoughts of people much smarter than oneself . 
  again please explain to me how you can proclaim this is unjustified ? 
  i 'm sure you have a reason but you are n't showing it . 
  i 'm sure we agree sometimes it is justified for people to go against the legal code and what the `` smart '' people say . 
  there are numerous historical examples that reactionarys shouted down for the same reasons you are now , which overtime were accepted as morally justifiable . 
  you seem to claim radicals are incapable of making that judgement themselves , so who is qualified then ? 
  you ? 
  our `` betters '' ? 
  you 'll note i 've not actually said i think this specific instance is justified , just that the mindset is n't `` smash everything that does n't belong to you '' . 
  which is definitely a more immature viewpoint than some of the radicals you dismiss as selfish children . 
  what i 'm saying is that sometimes that kind of violence is justified and those people feel this is such a scenario . 
  they are n't smashing things for the sake of it . 
  call them idiots , disagree with them , whatever but at least inform yourself ( or stop deliberately misrepresenting ) the mindset of the people who carry out those `` idiotic '' actions . 
   the thoughts of people much smarter than oneself . 
  again a fallacy ( does n't mean you are wrong , just that you have failed to use logical argument to demonstrate your point ) . 
  and are you one of those people who are smarter than everyone ? 
  if not are n't you just another dumb pleb incapable of working out these things ? 
  and personally i think it is better to question and decide things for yourself . 
  there is no reason the average person is n't capable of exploring these type of questions themselves . 
  they can look to those more informed or intelligent for help , guidance and inspiration but only a fool will take others words for fact without applying critical thinking . 
  again you said `` you will understand when you go to university '' which implies you yourself have been , in which case this is another thing you should know !, 
  you should definitely look to expert opinion but you should n't just accept it * because * they are experts , that goes completely against everything academia is supposed to be about !, 
   any `` politically motivated '' vandal has a serious case of delusion of self-importance , truly believing they are both smarter than the smartest minds of the history of our country and better informed than the majority of the people . 
  again are you dismissing all politically motivated vandals as delusional and selfish . 
  what about historically ? 
  is all destruction of property wrong ? 
  if not how do you define when it is and is n't justified ? 
  because it sounds like what you actually mean is that it is only justidied if it is something your personally take issue with ( for example slavery ) but everyone should behave if it something that does n't bother you . 
  which is surely equally , to use your own words , delusional and self-important ? 
  history seems to suggest that some of those delusional self-important vandals ( as they were viewed at the time ) were completely in the right and are now seen as heroes . 
  i 'm genuinely interested to know if you are picking and choosing when it is justifed based off any kind of rational argument or just your personal prejudices ? 
   both smarter than the smartest minds of the history of our country and better informed than the majority of the people . 
  again this is a fallacy . 
  there is no reason to think the majority opinion is correct . 
  also you are ignoring the fact that there are tons of the smarted minds ever who argued for things we find horrific ( slavery , rape , etc ) also plenty of the smartest minds ever who did criticse the * status quo * . 
  for example karl marx , anyone who knows anything about politics , economics or history might not agree with marx but they ca n't dismiss him as stupid , or useless , or irrelevant . 
  also do we * really * want to rely on the establishment historical intellectuals completely ?
