  as for it being a feature of modern warfare i disagree . 
  it goes against nearly all conventional militiary thinking and not in what i feel is a good way . 
  why do you think it is a feature of modern warfare ? 
  it seems more like a feature of modern warfare for countries which are setting themselves up to serve as auxillary forces for superpowers and forcing themselves to rely on other states with no way to enforce any obligations if things turn sour . 
  how many alliances last for ever ? 
  how many times have former allies turned on each other , either diplomatically or in open warfare ? 
  i feel it is very naive , especially as the us is n't exactly to be trusted to do anything but serve their own ends if we look at it 's aims and actions across the world since the end of ww2 . 
  yes and people used to quite like it . 
  when margaret thatcher was pm people felt like the uk were partners with the us , under blair people felt ( and to an extent i 'd say it 's true ) we became the us 's lapdog . 
  a lot of voters on the left and right would love to see us distancing ourselves from the us and more and more polticians seem to be coming aroudn to this view either for popularity or because of ideological convictions . 
  i also think us military foriegn policy over the next few decades will be very important in shaping the us-uk relationship . 
  jingoism , etc are much less prevelant in the uk 's voters and polticians . 
  the more conflicts the us drags the uk into the more people will loathe the us . 
  a lot of people already dislike the us due to the role they played in misleading the british people and causing us to fight an unjust war , even many war supporters turned against the war and the us after it came to light how much they had been lied to . 
  i do n't think the us would abandon the uk as they are a useful ally and i 'm not aware of any widespread distrust or unhappiness with the relationship . 
  i could see the uk abandoning the us potentially though . 
  even if `` the button '' in this case might be military intervention rather than a nuclear strike . 
  i feel overall you can apply the scene to the current ukraine situation pretty well . 
   they 'll never put you in a situation where you have no choice . 
  they will use their salami tactics . 
  only strong relative to our size really . 
  and our navy and airforce are not in the best position due to reliance on us airbases and aircraft carriers , a problem which only looks to get worse . 
  plus they are cutting the amount of full-time soldiers and want to rely a bit more on the ta ( kind of like army reserves in the us i think ) which is also an idea i do n't think is great . 
  i 'm anti-war in most cases and certainly anti-imperialism but i think only an idiot would completely get rid of their ability to defend themselves and protect their sovreignty and it is equally foolish to rely on another country protecting you indefinitely . 
  most of the time `` protector '' countries stop protecting people/a country once it no longer serves their interests . 
  if history teaches us anything it is that . 
  it 's kind of how both world wars started . 
  well the us and britain and france have all broke the geneva convention since ww2 . 
  probably other countries too but i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm not defending russia 's actions it 's just that the west are n't exactly moral paragons and it 's hypocritcal when people point to an agremeent they have themslves ignored . 
  obviously rationally it does n't make their point and more or less valid but in the eyes of individuals it discredits the west . 
  which is why the west has a reputation for hypocricy . 
  we might not be as bad as other places but people seem to build this up into some kidn of moral high ground in their heads . 
  well the last time this kind of `` trophy '' stuff was common in the west was ww2 , which is still of a hell of a lot more `` today '' than the 1600s . 
  however outside of the western world captives and trophies are still often paraded . 
  there is a good chance you might not have heard of it because wars outside of europe and the us/eu sphere of influence are less focussed on in the media . 
  but off the top of my head i know in some middle east/north african conflicts prisoners have been paraded recently , definitely in syria and libya . 
  it is even more common if you count political prisoners . 
  you also see trophies getting paraded , mainly military equipment with tanks been the best ones to show off i guess . 
  so it 's not unusual by any means except with a very euro-centric viewpoint . 
  it is n't petty . 
  it 's actually probably a thought out and deliberate move for moral and propaganda purposes , not just for the sake of it . 
  it is the next step up from a military parade i guess . 
  and as you have said has been common throughout history . 
  i 'm not condoing it though , i agree that it 's disgusting . 
  it 's just that i can see why it still happens and i wanted to make sure no one actually thought this was a rare occurence now days . 
  yes a trial and execution . 
  even the joint ussr-allied post-war trials were heaivily bias . 
  we essentially decided what was a war crime based off whether the allies had done it , if we had it was n't a war crime , if we had n't it was . 
  many in the ussr were tortured , exposed , starved and worked to death . 
  the least those soldiers deserve was to be tried by a joint ussr-allied trial , at best they deserved an independent trial . 
  they did n't deserve what they got in the ussr , i mean some people argue about stalin causing suffering for his people because he was a utilitarian and thought it all for the best , but the way many germany pows were treated were almost sadistic and completey evil . 
  you realise this is n't the first time in recent memory this kind of thing has happened . 
  i 'm saying the irish travellers i met * happened * to be the worst , trying to point out that it is n't a race issue as most people say romani travellers are the worst . 
  i have no idea about the statistics . 
  i 've also met lots of nice irish people . 
  sorry if that was unclear . 
  yes but they are still romani and people use the terms romani and gypsy synonymously . 
  sometimes in a derogatory way and sometimes because the ethnic and cultural history of groups like this are very troubling . 
  infact my point was that they a ) do n't have a problem with all of that group of people b ) that even the traditional groups are n't all criminals or bad . 
  i 'm pretty sure if people talked about other traditional , say african , groups in the same way people would be more angry . 
  also in the uk people moan about travellers , but that is a a seperate debate . 
  the tone that many romanians use when talking about travellers and the romani people is disgusting and is often targetted at their whole race and culture rather than individual aspects such as littering . 
  might want to give this a read if you want to know about how the travelling lifestyle , the names for the romani people and being a gypsy are intermingled . 
  i 'm not claiming those conotations do n't exist . 
  i 'm just saying that because they exist does n't mean they `` trump '' the literal definition of a word . 
  i was merely disagreeing with your point that  calling it ` propaganda ' is a bit disproportionate to what this is . 
  ( note you seem to think i am the person you were replying to there , i am not ) i think it is exactly what propaganda is , if it was done intentionally . 
  it is infomation , that is biased , promoting a certain political outlook . 
  that ticks all the boxes of what i , the dictionary and many others view as propaganda . 
  now normally an appeal to authority is a cop out but in the case of word definitions it is the best argument , otherwise it starts to get very very abstract . 
  whether you agree with the eu , or the hypothetical message of this map , is irrelevant to an argument over whether something is or is n't propaganda . 
  you , and the other guy , point to the fact that most people use it in a derogatory way . 
  but for every piece of propaganda there will be people who agree and disagree with it , it is n't simulteanously propaganda and not propaganda . 
  it is propaganda , some people just agree with it and some disagree with it . 
  outside opinions do n't change what something is , and if it is a message which gives infomation to try and persude people to a certain oulook , it is propaganda . 
  i do n't see how my definition of propaganda is loose ? 
  it is specific , a hell of a lot more specific than the alternative definiton which opens up a whole debate over morals and politics . 
  the term is quite specific and clear  information , especially of a biased or misleading nature , used to promote a political cause or point of view . 
  and i have seen it used in sociology , psychology and history articles , books , etc. 
  maybe other subjects but i ca n't remember . 
  i 'll admit that i studied history though so whereas i can think of a handful of times for sociology and psychology i can think of scores of examples in history books . 
  infact i specifically remember one of my proffessors making a similar argument to the one i 'm making now . 
  he was explaining how `` good '' academics try to remain neutral ( unles writing a manifesto or something obviously ) and to remember many terms that might seem negative or emotionally charged in normal conversation are used in more cold and clinical ways in academia . 
  this was like first day stuff . 
  anyway then he ended up arguing against a student who kept insisting that it was `` stupid '' because `` everyone '' used propaganda negatively . 
  and i 'm not trying to have an academic debate , i was just pointing out that i ca n't remember ever seeing propaganda used to mean only `` bad '' infomation in any academic text i 've come across . 
  anyway this has distracted me for a bit but now i have actual work to do so if i reply again it will have to be pretty short ( luckily for you haha ) . 
  tl ; dr i think it is quite clear that both definitons are techincally correct . 
  i believe the definiton i favour is better because it is more exact , is truer to the latin and is more useful as it avoids the ideological connotations of claiming something is propaganda when propaganda is viewed as only being a negative term . 
  both `` real '' romani gypsies , random travellers and irish travellers . 
  i found the irish travellers to be by far the worst and have had no problems with the others . 
  wow did n't know he was romanian . 
  i have heard of him though . 
  i still would n't say he invented the jet engine , although his ideas helped shape it . 
  his after-the-fact claims about his earlyprototypes seem very dubious to me . 
  nope , petrache poenaru invented one model of fountain pen . 
  he was the first to patent one but we have recrods of fountain pens 100 of years before poenaru was born . 
  also poenaru 's idea was n't even that great , it was actually someone else 's inventions ( at around the time poernaur died ) that made fountain pens popular and reliable . 
  and no the ball-point pen was first invented ( as far as we can tell ) and patened by an american .
