  the ones we tend to admire most were often shunned in their own time . 
  and in many cases defended things like serfdom or peasentry or monarchy and so on . 
  you ca n't pick and choose and be like `` listen to the really intelligent people , they are right , except the ones i do n't agree , and ignore the parts of the ones i do agree with that are outdated '' that is taking cherry-picking to an insane level . 
  what about dr.samuel johnson , a genius but also a bit of an arsehole . 
  why should we pay attention to his biggoted racist views ? 
  now i really am interested in having this discussion . 
  but i 'm not interested in be trying to explain something in a polite way and you to then just dismiss everything i say as irrelevant . 
  i ca n't tell if you are always like this or are just emotionally invested so are incapable of having an impartial discussion on the subject . 
  edit : sorry for any typos , etc i should actually be doing work so already spent longer than i should writing that reply . 
  no more that  `` if we believe in nothing , if nothing has any meaning and if we can affirm no values whatsoever , then everything is possible and nothing has any importance . '' i 'm not saying that i agree with that way of thinking just that if you actually want to understand or discuss the issue , not just moan or criticse , you have to realise the people doing this ( for political reasons , not people there for the fun of it ) have a completely differnet outlook to you . 
  you do n't have to agree with it but you have to see it and acknowledge it if you want to understand them and their actions . 
  the protestors are n't claiming the cars or , in most cases , the car owner are to blame . 
  so it is either a misunderstanding or disgenous to present it as if that is why they are attacking cars . 
  the debate is `` does vandalism and violence like this ever serve political ends ? '', 
  or `` when is violence justidied '' and stuff like that . 
  not `` why do the stupid protestors think cars are to blame guys '' ? 
  well you might not like the terms radicalism and extremism but surely we have to make some kind of definition between the stalinist who wants to set up a communist-dictatorship and execute all dissenters and non-working class people and , say , a pacifist anarchist ? 
  both are radical , both are arguably extreme , both can be called left wing but they certainly ca n't be lumped in as comprable and equally damaging . 
   also , the quest for greater equality has in the past often lead to the opposite , which makes me rather wary for people that preach about it . 
  well you say that , and that is n't really true . 
  that is what happens when people pay lip service . 
  there are times when equality has been claimed as an aim and then is worked towards . 
  abolition of slavery , the civil rights movement , worker 's rights movements in britain , etc. 
  all of them were left wing , all of them were called ( and arguably were ) extreme but they are surely not a bad thing ? 
  i think what you actually mean is violent extremists who 's first recourse is violence . 
  rather than being against violence completely or viewing it as an absolute last resort . 
  it seems to be the first type you are arguing against , not the second . 
   the only brigading i 've seen from left-wing people being organised is downvoting sexist and racist comments . 
  which is , at it 's worst , a well-meaning mistake . 
  which is n't quite the same as a concerted effort to engender hate . 
  normally because impoverished people do n't have the luxury of being able to think about and take part in political demonstrations , etc very often . 
  and a lot of them will argue that they are representing the best interests of people , even if the people do n't know it . 
  which is a bit arrogant but it is equally arrogant to dismiss it out of hand without actually studying what they are proposing . 
  especially as we can see historically how often things that are later near universally accepted as being in the best interests of the human race have been resisted in the past ( abolition of slavery anyone ? ) . 
  and infact a bunch of metrics suggest that radical left-wing movements are seeing a resurgence in popularity all over europe ( along with the right-wing ) . 
  proven brigading can result in a shadowban i believe . 
  depends , do you have any reason to think left-wing people are brigading ? 
  whereas there have been at least two posts of people from known nationalist or racist communities trying to organise brigading on / r/europe . 
  the only brigading i 've seen from left-wing people being organised is downvoting sexist and racist comments . 
  which is , at it 's worst , a well-meaning mistake . 
  what is the problem with left-wing radicals ? 
  i mean you might not agree with them but how can you really be fundamentally against greater equality , better rights , etc ? 
  the radical left-wing has plenty of people who are n't `` dangerous '' . 
  whereas the extreme right is tied with ( among other things ) racism which is never ok . or do you just mean left-wing radicals who are also complete arseholes in their attitude ? 
  i 'd argue a range of political opinions benefits the subreddit if people are polite and if everyone just downvotes and ignores any exteme racists , sexists , etc. 
  madonnna was right ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / r / europe is like nazi germany . 
  i can imagine . 
  but i did n't make it through all 664 comments . 
  and i mean liberal in the way it is commonly used now days to mean centrist moderates ( the oh wo n't someone please think of the middle class , we should just be happy we are n't peasents , if you drink starbucks we can ignore everything you say about left wing politics , etc people ) rather than classically liberal . 
  this thread reads like it is titled `` shit ` liberals ' say '' . 
   also the cars of residents of frankfurt did not contribute to the eurocrisis and should therefore not be lit on fire ... just saying . 
  i do n't think you get the whole protest/revolutionary mindset . 
  i am just messing around . 
  did n't you do `` it '' with the juz last time ? 
  welcome to the european dream . 
  same in britain . 
  you can also buy a litre of wine for like 2 quid or 3 litres of cider for the same . 
  you can imagine how it tastes , almost as good as the 8 pound a litre vodka . 
  thank god we fought two world wars to stop german political and economic domination of europe . 
  i 'm not even joking when i say that a lot of the people who are against the euro ( for patriotic , not political/economic reasons ) are probably more likely to be persuaded by that argument than any other . 
  no conflict there . 
  it is quite clearly a part of britain . 
  just look at a map , it makes perfect sense for it to be british territory . 
  i do n't know what spain is thinking . 
  probably the billions they stole from the netherlands and the uk . 
  i think some irish people might not like being called anglos . 
  also should n't ireland be in tiny irrelevant shit ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ guys ^ ^ ^ ^ really, 
  no coincidence that so many fish and chips shops are run by greeks . 
  they are food chameleons . 
  a time when britain 's hate for the continent was outweighed by our hate of catholics . 
  and mary did a lot of the ruling as william was busy on the continent for most of his reign . 
  also was n't he only ruling over england , anne who was british born was the queen of great britain . 
  a lot of politicians have said it is much more accurate than you would like to think . 
  as is house of cards ( the original british one ) and in the thick of it . 
  i think socially they are pretty much the same but leftist foreign policy and economic stuff tends to be less popular in the main subs than this one and uk subreddirs . 
  that is a trend that has been shown in many demographic studies to . 
  although that is n't to say we dont have our share of centrists , conservatives , fascists , etc. 
  i still think you see some difference . 
  especially with political discussions . 
  but i agree it 's not particually representative of the `` average european '' . 
  what kind of opinions do you most commonly disagree with ? 
  why would n't you base your propaganda around relevant and factual evidence rather than allusions to history ( soom of which are inaccurate ) ? 
  i did n't say they need to , i said it would be better . 
  that looks sensible and rational . 
  this kind of stuff seems tacky and is inaccurate . 
  if you think they should n't use that evidence to create propaganda ( even after your long post i 'm not sure why you think that is a bad idea ? ), 
  then it would be better to not doing anything at all then this drivel . 
  i mean i do n't know how ukranians will take it but i imagine it looks pretty silly to the majority of europeans . 
  much better to focus on collecting more and more evidence for russian involvment in ukraine and/or recent war crimes than this kind of rabble-rousing stuff . 
  especially as stuff like this will in a host of european countries and will influence what they think of the ukraine . 
  in the `` internet age '' propaganda for the domestic population arguably should also take into account how foriegn and enemy populations will view it . 
  i agree with you then . 
  lots of sickening parts of english and british history . 
  now that is a very loaded statement . 
  if you are implying that britain has had lots of dark moments in it 's history then you are certainly right . 
  as has nearly every other part of europe , the more powerful , the more disgusting parts arguably . 
  if you are saying all english/british people are to blame and all deserve to be punished it completely ignores the shitty way english/british people were treated in our history as well by the elite . 
  the main thing at role was class and imperialism , not race . 
  if you are implying that if ireland had a stronger economy and military they would have emerged as the single altruistic and benevolent state in medieval and early-modern europe then that is just ludicrous .
