  and if i had to name anywhere beside britain that i was reminded of it was actually czech and other eastern european food more than french i saw an influence from . 
  i 've mainly been to bavaria and brandenburg , the south and east . 
  and austria which is obviously germanic culturally . 
  and although the food was different in many ways it was by far the most `` british '' food i 've eaten anywhere in europe and definitely did n't seem very french . 
  both the food itself and the overall attitude towards food , style of restaurants , etc. 
  the only thing i noticed that seemed french at all is the patisseries in vienna , for obvious reasons . 
  do you really feel stuff like this seems more like a french dish than british ? 
  http://11337-presscdn-0-2.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/german-food-1.jpg http://media.kuechengoetter.de/media/74/12078217434050/8338-0865_27_1_det_001.jpg french cuisine seemed much lighter and more mediterranean . 
  i can see you saying it does n't seem very british at all but it 's insane to claim it is more french than the british based off what i 've eaten !, 
  except to the degree that french cuisine has influenced all european cooking . 
  because meat , potatoes , vegetables and gravy served like that is one of the most popular type of meals in the uk . 
  and none of that seems very french to me at all . 
  what i do n't get is why german food gets defend when it seems very similar to british food . 
  i like both personally but it seems other europeans accept german food and slag off british food despite them being very very similar barring a few random regional specialities . 
  it wo n't matter if you all end up in the arms of mother russia though . 
  in what ways are you stopped by doing this legally , etc ? 
  and not just by social stigma . 
  if you are legally stopped then you are being oppressed and need help . 
  if legally you can do it but are being judged and feel their is a social stigma then you are n't oppressed and need to go and `` be the change you want to see '' . 
  well of course they should be allowed . 
  no one is saying they should n't be allowed . 
  it is just that in a free market with equal oppotunity men will be hired more often for manual jobs involving heavy lifting , etc due to being biologically predisposed to being at the role than a women . 
  it is interesting than in industries with lots of females , for example primary school education , no one seems to complain about it being sexist . 
   they see it as a sign that it 's not easy for a woman to get ahead in that industry , and/or that women are in some way excluded from getting the education that would allow them to equally compete in that industry . 
  this is the case with many manual jobs until very recently and is n't just blaming it on sexism . 
  there was a literal barrier to women even having a chance in certain roles , now the barrier is mainly just to do with social norms , which will change over time . 
  all of which , except managerial positions , are potentially explained by other things beyond an interest in equality . 
  what a cunt . 
  i always think the baltic states seem to not have much benefit , except maybe stroking their pride a little bit , by not being in a union together . 
  yeah in a romantic sense france makes sense . 
  in terms of actual culture though we are far far more similar to scandinavians and germans . 
  the french are much more mediterranean as a country overall . 
  it is propaganda . 
  the word has been bastardised due to us cold war rhetoric into being something only the ` baddies ' do but the actual meaning of the word is any infomation shared with the idea of influencing someone 's opinion towards a certain conclusion , rather than an objective presentation of facts . 
  propaganda in itself is n't bad . 
  for example many public health campaigns that have encouraged people to be healthier , etc are a form of propaganda . 
  what matters is what it is used for . 
  hoeer someone pepole say propaganda is always bad because it makes it harder to be objective . 
  what has that got to do with me saying it is sad that the young men who die for russia are victims of russia 's nationalist propaganda ? 
  im not defending england 's actions . 
  just saying the scots were just as bad , basically they became the kid who stands behind the bully going `` haha good one '' lol . 
  clearly havnt read the article in question . 
  well yeah i was thinking of , but should have specified , the agressors . 
  but a referendum was already planned , implying the possibility of leaving , at the time that the scottish people voted to stay part of the union . 
  scottish nationalists seem incapable of admitting that while scottish independence might be great that does not mean everyone who campaigns for it is great . 
  sturgeon and salmond are both clowns , irrespective of how good independence might be . 
  the snp bend over backwards to make it all about evil westminster and independence . 
  because anything else exposes the divides in the party which is a mix of lefties , centrists and right-wing nationalists . 
  it 's scary that for years now most of the people i read about dying in wars are younger than me . 
  both because it means i 'm getting older but also because it says a lot about who fights in wars . 
  young , dumb men who are too stupid to see past the rhetoric of their government and armed forces . 
  i keep an open mind when meeting new people but i am consistently dissapointed by how many racists , fascists , etc i meet from eastern europea , especially the balkans . 
  scotland , they take equal part in helping us rape and pillage the world for the past 200ish years and now conveniatly forget all that and want to act like they were another subject in the evil english empire . 
  the reality is the scottish elites and english elites were both a bunch of cunts . 
  also everytime a scottish nationalist mentions something like bannockburn i want to punch them . 
  same when english nationalists quote medieval battles as something to be proud of . 
  battles like bannockburn were n't between two people who were nationalists , it was between two people who were warlords and had little regard for the peasents who were pressed into fighting for them and then killed in battle and slaughtered while fleering . 
  also william wallace raided and looted northern english towns , just as viciously as the english . 
  i can talk to scottish nationalists about practical stuff related to self-determination but as soon as all the stupid ` patriotism ' comes into it i know they are an idot as they are normally praising leaders and their armies who raped and pillaged and did n't do anything for scotland , only for themselves and their family . 
  anyone who looks at the history of medieval britain and sees a great nationalist struggle is an utter moron . 
  i really like france and germany , i respect their culture and art especially . 
  also their contributions to political thinking . 
  belgium is the worse european country i 've personally visited . 
  vienna is my favourite city i have visited . 
  if money , etc were no object i 'd love to live there . 
  i think it is a beautiful city and i really like the coffee house culture and the atmosphere in most bars i went to . 
  i hate the ira and i think everyone who supports the ira is an idiot . 
  as soon as the ira started deliberately murdering civilians they lost all credibility . 
  they thought it was ok to kill a pregnant english women because she was english . 
  it is just as disgusting as when the english used to treat the irish like their lives did n't matter . 
  i think ni should have self-determination whether that means staying , being independent , or joining ireland . 
  i am deeply ashamed and dissapointed when i look at how france and the uk dealt with the spanish civli war . 
  unlike `` betraying '' poland which we literally were unable to save if we wanted , the civil war is somewhere we could have very very easily helped stop a fascist rise to power and did n't . 
  i think it is funny how the most hadcore nationalists in europe seem to get the biggest followings in shitty countries who should be trying to improve their country practically , not through empty rhetroic and being biggoted . 
  that is my disconnected thoughts on europe when not being politically correct . 
  nothing i said is really controversial though . 
  go read the actual article , the language used and the way the research is discussed . 
  it does not come across as objective debate no matter what people want to pretend . 
  for a start nearly every study like that mentions that it is highly unlikely that race - iq relatios are anything more than correlation reflecting things like education , socio-economic , background . 
  however edgy journalists and racists conveniantly ignore the scientists own recommendation about how to interpret the apparent correlation and go `` huh duh well black people rae more stupid , i mean have lower iqs '' that shows complete ignorance to the the scientifc method and the correct way to interpret those findings . 
  there is little to no evidence that `` black people '' have lower iqs as a race , as was claimed . 
  also you conveniantly ignore the `` bigger brains '' thing . 
  also even boris apologised and said `` i 'm sorry ... it does not reflect what is in my heart '' . 
  even he knows he fucked up ... 
  yeah and herman ouseley 's concerns about his attitudes towards race are all nonsense too of course . 
  i know what context it was in . 
  it was as best trying to play on racial tensions for political points . 
  a not racist but still shitty move . 
  and as for how being an editor works -  in one , columnist taki wrote that `` orientals ... have larger brains and higher iq scores . 
  blacks are at the other pole . '', 
  in another , he described black american bastketball players as having `` arms hanging below their knees and tongues sticking out '' . 
   when asked today if he had condoned the articles , unearthed by black newspaper-new nation , mr johnson told the standard : `` i am sorry for what was previously written as it does not reflect what is in my heart . 
  http://www.standard.co.uk/news/mayor/boris-says-sorry-over-blacks-have-lower-iqs-article-in-the-spectator-6630340.html  would you prefer no debate about controversial topics ? 
  the language used was n't exactly the language of objective debate . 
  boris is n't pleasent . 
  this is exclusively the view of core-voter tories and people who get most of their news from panel shows . 
  there is so much to despise about boris , besides his politics , i barely know where to start ... how about some of the racist stuff this `` pleasant '' chap has said - as the editor of the spectator allowing some questionable articles that claimed things like `` blacks have lower iqs '' . 
  he himself referred to crowds of black people as `` piccaninnies '' and said that african tribal people `` have watermelon smiles '' . 
  he is very good at putting across a funny persona but a closer examination of him beyond have i got news for you appearances suggests he is , to put it lightly , a massive cunt . 
  i agree with you but stuff like background checks is definitely unrealistic .
