  palestinian are n't in a position to punish this as they have armed forces that are a joke and no international backing vs one of the most advanced and well trained armies in europe . 
  most people feel appeasment went to far , well many would argue that attempts to compromise with israel have gone to far and just serve as a way to buy time for israel who continue their illegal expansion despite international pressure . 
   they won the civil war . 
  i think palestinians just have to accept that fact . 
  that has got to be the wosrt , except the `` divine right '' thing , reason i 've ever heard to defend israel . 
  you are basically saying `` might = right '' , it 's the duty of the international community to make sure that justice prevails , not militarism . 
   the roman empire took away the jews right to their own land . 
  yes a very long time ago . 
  just like the french stole british lands , and the normans stole saxon lands and the this kind of nationalistic historical reductionism is meaningless . 
  ireland 's independence movement was about the realitys of the situation . 
  all the appeals to history are so much ideological spam if we are not actually studying history . 
  what matters , and what still matters politcally , in these type of issues is relatively recent events . 
  bloody sunday was relevant , the cromwellian massacres were n't . 
  in the same way the expulsion of the jews from israel is nothing to do with ( in terms of morality and blame ) the current situation nor the pogroms , nor the holocaust , etc. 
  but even if we accept the crimes against the jews as being relevant then what then ? 
  with ireland and england irish nationalists targetted the english right ? 
  who they saw as the oppressors , the people who had wronged them . 
  so in your list of crimes against the jews which of these were carried out by the palestinians ? 
  or the wider muslim community ? 
  pretty much none . 
  the ghettos ? 
  no , actually jewish people were treated very well ( in comprasion to europe ) in the relatively progressive muslim states , many jews fled the * reconquistador * because the muslims treated the jews better than christians . 
  inquisition ? 
  catholic church , predominantly spain , france and italy . 
  pogroms ? 
  every european country pretty much at some point / israel is the invading empire . 
  they hav n't lived in the land for years , in 1920 jewish people were about 10 % of the population of palestine . 
  the state of israel was granted by people who did n't have the authroity ( league of nations , espec . 
  britain and france ) and then havs agressively and illegally expand despite international pressue . 
  it 's hilarious that you think israel is comparable to ireland . 
  it is much more similar to the british empire . 
  israel is the invading empire backed by us finance and weapons . 
  palestine is n't much of an empire ... 
  if you claim right to territory last forever and ca n't b extinquished cus times change , etc then we better have the us return it 's land to the native americans . 
  nearly all of the south american population move back to europe to if we count half european/half south ameican as non-natives . 
  better kick out most of the population of britain , including most of the current people claiming to be irish as most of them will be a mix of english , viking , welsh , saxon , french and scottish . 
  it 's a silly childish and petty argument . 
  the fact is israel was created after a jewish absence of 100s of years , it was created at the expense of a people who have never harmed the jews , by people who had no right to do so . 
  slavery was more widespread but was n't targetted against a single race for modern nationalit/racial reasons . 
  and now look the israelis are opressing the native population just as the romans once did to them . 
  the struggles of the palestinians are comparable to the anti-roman jewish revolts . 
  how quickly the victim becomes the abuser ... 
  way to generalise . 
  i find your whole comment pointless , every poltiical movement and protest is full of hangers on . 
  it does n't mean there are n't some who are well informed and really care . 
  thankyou for stating the bleeding obvious as if it has any bearing on the legitimacy of the pro-palestine/anti-israel groups . 
  they ca n't . 
  you wo n't get an answer because zionists run out of reasonable defence here . 
  the best you 'll get is `` well the palestinians started it '' or the ever popular `` god gave jews the right to be here so everything is justified and palestine should give in '' . 
  wow hamas are terroists and the anc were n't . 
  selective bias much ? 
  also i do n't believe hamas have said their goal is to exterminate the jewish race either ... 
  well look at the track record . 
  perhaps when hitler invaded poland or france we should have given him * another * chance . 
  once bitten twice shy . 
  hamas feel they have done more than enough and israel just keep throwing it back in their fces agreeing to a peace as it suits them , refusing to do anything about thei illegal settlement policy and using their superior armed forces to opress the palestinians . 
  when do you say enough is enough ? 
  how many promises have to be broken ? 
  how many lives have to be took ? 
   that literally happened in southern lebanon and gaza , where not a single israeli remained . 
  good . 
  israel should n't even exist . 
  it 's not about a good fight . 
  it 's about the fact that israel was granted the land by people who had no right ot give the land away . 
  and then to add insult to injury israel have continued an agressive and illegal expansion policy since it 's foundation . 
  you act like it is about two warring countries . 
  it 's more about an occupying force that is slowly taking over the region . 
  of course it is n't black and white , only an idiot thinks that . 
  that does n't mean there is no point in taking sides or that one side is the agressor and the other the aggrieved . 
  sorry for being a bit snarky , was before my first coffee and cigarette of the day haha . 
  anti-war is not the same as being completely pacifist . 
  if you say someone has an anti-war stance it normally means they think war should be a last resort and only in extreme cases such as invasion , genocide , etc. 
  a pacifist is against war for any reason . 
  a pro-war person sees armed conflict as one of the first , or the only , resort . 
  so yes anti-war is always good . 
  that is unless you are a war-mongering , jingoistic , selfish idiot . 
  awesome , 
  thanks for pointing out the typo . 
  maybe next time you can try adding something useful to the conversation as well as correcting typos . 
  but the social stigma can never be broken without people being willing to put themselves out there and fight against that stigma . 
  why ? 
  and that 's what people would have said in the us 30 years ago . 
   this is not a human rights issue ( since we do not go as prison happy as the us ) in the uk cannabis used to be a class c drug that meant possesion could get you up to 2 years in prison and/or an unlimited fine and dealing could get you up to 14 years and/or a fine . 
  however the government moved it up to class b ( pretty much definitely in an attempt to get votes as independent and government funded research both advised against it ) which means that dealing still is 14 years and/or a fine but possesion can get you 5 years in prison , which definitel seems like overkill . 
  i believe there is a law that allows police to show disgression though . 
  so they can give you a `` street warning '' which means you have a note on your record ( which i do n't think is actually on your criminal record for legal purposes ) and you do n't get taken to the station . 
  however this relies on individuals personal beliefs and whether they are an areshole which is n't exactly the best way to manage drug enforcment . 
  i would say it bordering on a human right 's issue when a crime carries an unjust sentence . 
  some sexual offenders and violent criminals are punished less harshly ... and to highlight the stupidity of the uk government regarding cannabis here is a good example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_nutt#government_positions they especially were n't happy when he pointed out horse riding was more dangerous than some illegal drugs and that some legal drugs were more dangerous than illegal ones . 
  nutt 's ( who is a scientist and an expert in the effects of drugs ) argument that drugs should be classified based off the level of harm they cause is pretty convincing and just seems like common sense . 
  also for anyone wondering why cannabis is rated higher than some seemingly more harmful drugs such as ketamine is because although cannabis is n't too bad for the brain smoking any plant matter is bad for your lungs and vascular system . 
  nutt got kicked out his government position because tellign the government that there policies are n't backed by scienetifc findings is crossing the line from science into politics apparently , despite the fact that his job would have been pointless if he did n't do so . 
  his dismissal lead to the resignation of several high ranking medical proffesionals , showing nutt was n't just a lone nutter . 
  even some peopel who opposed nutts research and conclusions felt that his dismall was handled poorly . 
  please note , nutt is n't saying drugs are safe , he is saying it is important to be aware of how and in what ways drugs are dangerous . 
  so that people can weigh up the risk compared to other activities , so that governments can legislate accordingly and , hopefully , so that drug abuse can be combatted through other means than strict criminal penalties . 
  i do n't see how this * is n't * a human rights issue if someone is being forced to serve prison time for a crime ( in the case of cannabis ) the only really harms themselves . 
  edit : here is a free online copy ( no registration required ) of one of nutt 's studies related to drug harm http://www.sg.unimaas.nl/_old/oudelezingen/dddsd.pdf, 
  yep . 
  i wish labour would go back to its early-mid 1900s style .
