  already done . 
   they also dont treat women with such contempt and disrespect as that of islam . 
  hmmmm , i wonder why ? 
  maybe its that islam is not even remotely similar in practice to judaism and christianity ? 
  maybe its that your projection of the way you understand christianity and judaism onto how you understand islam is off base ? 
  lol , they are super similar in many ways . 
  for example having a centeral holy book , the idea of prophets , theories about how god communicates , etc. 
  you are either missing the point of my argument or are deliberately avoiding it . 
  saying islam and christianity are comparable in many ways and have the same scope to exploited to justify evil is not excusing terroists and is not saying they are the same . 
  http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/abrahamic_religion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abrahamic_religions maybe , y' know , check your facts before getting all high and mighty mate . 
  they are not the same but they have a shared history and have more in common in their practices than many other religions . 
  islam is far more similar to christianity than buddhism for example . 
  to clarify , because you do n't seem to be getting this , i 'm not comparing the current beliefs of extremist islam to christianity , i 'm comparing the actual nature of their belief and worship and so on . 
  with the aim of showing that christianity has equal potential , in the right situation , to be bad . 
  and therefore it is extremism that is the problem not all muslims . 
   why try to equivocate something fictional with something real ? 
  because otherwise it is impossible to work out what is actually causing it . 
  you are going off a feeling instead of looking at it objectively . 
  if you ca n't see how looking if other religions have the same scope for violence within their belief system is important in working out whether to condemn all of islam then i ca n't debate this any further . 
  i have read all three of the holy books of the abrahamic religions and more texts on top of that . 
   christian terrorism or buddhist terrorism condemning what happened in the middle east it is much harder to justify violence in buddhism and most buddhists are not in the regions affected . 
  doubly so with terroism . 
  christianity has scope to justify terroism but the majority of christians are outside areas affected . 
  and infact we have seen some christian terroism/war crimes which are n't ancient history https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_rudolph https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karantina_massacre https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tel_al-zaatar_massacre https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_council_of_nagaland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord's_resistance_army ( note how the shittier the area the more support they generally have within that area ) there 's definitely a few more american terroists who were motivated by christianity . 
  of course the role that god played in bush and blair 's chocie to invade iraq . 
  the role religion played in eastern europe . 
  the catholic churches relation with fascism . 
  and there are probably more other christian extremists that i hav n't heard of or have forgotten about . 
  of course if you go even further back , to a time when ` christendom ' was a war-torn shit hole then the list skyrockets . 
  whereas islam has the scope to justify terroism and has had the perfect storm of varying problems ( both from within and without ) which has allowed an ultra-violent form of islam to prosper and spread . 
  the ultra-violent form without which these these kids from privileged backgrounds would either a ) not become terroists or would b ) find some other outcome for their murderous tendencies . 
  nope because they are clearly being massively influenced by islamic extremism which grew in the middle east because of the things listed . 
  i 'm not saying that these kids did it because of poverty or whatever . 
  i 'm saying the extremist ideology that has emerged over the past decades is becuase of those things . 
  i 'm arguing against the idea islam is fundamentally flawed and worse than all other religions . 
  not that these pathetic fucks have any excuse for their behaviour . 
  i 'm all for personal responsiblity , which is exactly why i 'm making the argument i am . 
   let us know when those priests bomb a bath house and kill 34 gays . 
  this guy did n't carry out the bombing ... also stuff like this seems like preaching violence to me - http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/homophobia-in-the-church_catholic-bishop-justifies--death-to-gays--comments/41601446  it is perfectly legitimate for people to express discontent at the anomie that has resulted from the erosion of traditional values . 
  the gay agenda is just the apotheosis of the movement that has been bastardizing enlightenment liberalism and eviscerating it of morals for the last 100 + years . 
  lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvwdkfloa5o, 
  exactly . 
  so we have no idea how other faiths would react in the same conditions as those created in the middle east by religion , imperialism , poverty , dictators , civil wars , etc. 
  i do n't think it is crazy to assume other religions , especially judaism and christianity , would breed equally extremist ideologies in simlar conditions . 
  that does n't absolve the blame for terorism from anyone , but it is important for identifying whether islam is the cause or just the current manifestation of deeper problems with human nature and the gloval situation . 
   socio-economic it is literally impossible to ` put that in someone 's mouth ' . 
  socio-economic forces influence things without people realising all the time . 
  yes but neither religion follows their holy book to the letter always . 
  and they both cherry-pick . 
  either faith has the potential to legitimise atrocities and both faiths have been used that way at different points in history . 
  so do you think that region would be peaceful if they were christian ? 
  that is only true in recent decades . 
  pretty much exactly matching the rise of extremist groups ( in some cases funded by the us , woops ) . 
  what about when irish people did ? 
  or mass-shooters in america ? 
  and so on . 
  i think terroism goes beyond islam , it is just the most common faction right now . 
  i do n't think poverty is the cause for every individual who becomes an extremist . 
  i do think the poverty played a big role , amongst other problems , in helping isalmic extremism develop and find a base for it 's activities . 
  why ? 
  east vs west is geopolitical , not innate to human nature . 
  and the muslim world had a huge influence on europe . 
  they preserved a lot of classical knowledge , and made ( for the time ) huge leaps in science , mathematics and medicine . 
  this essentially laid the groundwork for much medieval learning in europe and arguably played a large part in the rennaisance . 
   bosnia and albania are muslim countries geographically located in europe , yes . 
  but would anybody consider these countries to be on par with the rest of europe ? 
  they are even today hotspots of violence and poverty . 
  so they are not really european in the sense that europe is western , which comes with a certain set of values that are not present in any majority-muslim country such as freedom of speech , economic activity , science etc. 
  you literally just equated socio-economic issues with ` european ' values . 
  that is pretty much the opposite of what many would consider european , a high-handedness that blames less historically fortunate countries for their failings based off dodgy ethnic and cultural arguments . 
  affluence is not a european value you moron . 
   economic activity again , what ? 
  numerous priests , vicars , etc have preached hate against gay people all across europe . 
  their favourite bit is -  `` if a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  if you think christian biggotry ended 1000 years ago you are a moron . 
  i 'd also say work on your reading comprehension but english is n't your first language . 
  if you reread what i said , i said the church buildings are 1000s of years old . 
  i then go on to say it would be silly to involve what actual people preached 1000 years ago . 
   so any churches which have allowed hate to be preached should also be closed by that logic . 
  many churches [ ** this refers to the buildings themselves , not the congregration , beliefs , etc ] here are historical , as in 150-1000 years old . 
   i was n't thinking of including historical church figures in that , because if we did then we would have to close nearly all churches . 
  see ? 
  you are putting words in my mouth that i never said . 
  as did the us in the americas and elsewhere . 
  source please ? 
  i do n't not believe you but would like to see if they have actually found anyone providing funding that way , and who . 
  tons of socialists , etc are completely against it . 
  unless by the left you mean centrist liberals ? 
  are the pkk really the problem ? 
  is this a stand based on pacifist or being against what the finnish and turkish military would be used for ? 
  or something else ? 
  yeah it 's pretty sickening how little people care about this compared to attacks in belgium , france , etc. 
  i 'm hoping it 's because the media is n't reporting it as much , not because the majority of people are heartless euro-centric bastards . 
  the original person said anywhere that allows hate to be preached should be closed entirely . 
  so any churches which have allowed hate to be preached should also be closed by that logic . 
  many churches here are historical , as in 150-1000 years old . 
  i was n't thinking of including historical church figures in that , because if we did then we would have to close nearly all churches . 
  my point is n't that we should do this , my point is it is plain stupid to say we should close a whole mosque rather than replace the person breaking the law . 
  why not ? 
  surely anything that applied to hate-preaching muslims should apply to hate-preachers of any faith ?
