  if you make a specific claim backed up by evidence then i promise i can refute it with sources . 
  at the moment you are doing the equivalent of asking a scientist to `` prove '' gravity without teaching you all about physics . 
  where if you had a specific question about gravity a scientist could answer it without relying on your having an understanding of physics . 
  because he is either a ) a revisionist with no evidence b ) a first year history student trying to be intellectual . 
  i actually have a history degree and worked in academia for a while . 
  the armenian genocide happened and is considered a genocide by nearly all scholars , courts of law , political bodies , etc. 
  yeah the same type of people who argue the holocaust was just practical politics and not a crazy ideological battle against a certain race . 
  it was a genocide , hundreds of thousands of people were killed based off their race above all else . 
  the majority of scholars agree with me . 
  also a un report said it meets their criteria for genocide . 
  so has the pope , the eu parliament , and nearly every european country either officially recognises it as a genocide or has one of the top two political parties recognise it as a genocide . 
  france and germany both officially recognise it as genocide . 
  in greece it is similar to holocaust denial in germany where denying the armenian genocide is actually punishable by prison . 
  same in italy although under a general denial rule , not one specifically for armenians . 
  same in switzerland . 
  turkey itself found itself guilty of ` war crimes ' ( meeting all modern day definitions of genocide ) but the ultra-right nationalist movement that resurged shortly after this investigation revised the records . 
  they actually sentenced the organisers to death and those who took part to prison but most of them fled the country into europe to avoid prosecution . 
  kemal pardoned them all though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_courts-martial_of_1919%e2%80%9320 for fucks sake the word genocide was invented to describe the way armenians were treated by the turks before hitler had even came to power in germany . 
  anyone who tries to play the `` there were deaths but not genocide '' is an apologist who can be ignored . 
  anyone who studies the late ottoman empire and early turkey can see a clear nationalist trend and the plan to homogenise the coutnry along european laws . 
  assyrians , greeks and armenians were all targetted as part of a systematic effort to wipe out cultural and racial ` outsiders ' from within the empire/turkey . 
  we are very lucky turkey was so weakened or we might be looking at a world with a lot less greeks and armenians in . 
  i prefer it when english-language films do this but some people `` do n't like films with subtitles '' so you get foriegn actors speaking in english , or worse english-speaking actors doing bad accents . 
  tories are trying ( and in some cases have succeeded ) doing this in england . 
  nationalism as we know it has existed for more like 2 centuries than nearly 4 . 
  nationalism is the new religion . 
  but that does n't mean someone from the south can say `` i 'm more irish than everyone from the north '' . 
  i 'm not saying everyone in the north identifies as irish , just that those who do have as much right to say they are irish as anyone else . 
  the republic does not have a monopoloy on ` irishness ' . 
  they were terroists though , by definition , they tried to create terror for political aims . 
  and if you think that targetting civilians , and not just political and military targets , is a legitimate form of violence then you are a piece of shit . 
  the ira are no better than any other terroists . 
  their aims do n't even matter because the ends do not justify the means when it comes to murdering civilians who have no involvment in the conflict . 
  just like no matter if the british were trying to keep peace and stability it did n't make the violent and abusive methods they sometimes used ok . 
  i do n't know them all personally but the people i was arguing with earlier were saying everyone in northern ireland was automatically less irish . 
  not just those who identify as british . 
  yes i would call the police on anyone throwing rocks at school children . 
  fair point . 
  a combination of the app i 'm using for reddit not having an easy way to check back to the op halfway through writing and maybe my own midreading of op ( i think i read it as orange volunteers ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware you are right , the order itself does n't advocate or take part in murder . 
   lol he was smart enough to figure out you 're british without seeing your flair thing . 
  maybe you are n't as even-minded as you like to think you are ? 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  my nationality has nothing to do with my opinion on this . 
  nor does it affect the validity of what i 'm saying . 
  nor am i arguing that britain did nothing wrong or anything . 
   maybe you are n't as even-minded as you like to think you are ? 
  i do n't think i 'm that more even-minded than the next person who tries to be objective and spends time studying these things . 
  however i definitely am more even minded than someone who 's response to reading a differing opinion is `` lol must be british and therefore can ignore and scoff at '' . 
  if it is your husband who is the nationalist and you keep telling him what i say anyway , why does n't he come and talk . 
  you literally ignored me earlier , my first response to you , was that british nationalists are just as stupid . 
   anyway your own nationalism is showing a bit there and i am not a nationalist , i 'm barely a patriot . 
  i am pretty embarassed of most of the history of britain as a state , although we have some cultural and academic stuff that is pretty admirable ( much of which is shared with ireland infact in terms of values and a shared literary history ) . 
   either way , it 's only yourself you 're embarrassing . 
  ok love . 
  well i 'd like to think i 'd intervene but even if i was cowardly i would be equally cowardly whether it was the ira or unionists doing it and for cowardly reasons , not personal ones . 
  loyalists have killed lots of people . 
  often catholic civliians , not even ira members . 
  hear , hear . 
  i think the majority of us want the freedom for both parts of ireland to manage their own destiny , and to not see any more blood spilt , especially that of innocent civilians . 
  and overall we seem to be getting closer and closer to that being the * status quo * rather than a far-off dream . 
  for sure . 
  i 'm not trying to assign blame , although i see how it could come across like that . 
  i definitely agree with you . 
  my point is n't trying to work out the percentage of blame , just that we should acknowledge both sides had their part to play and plenty of shameful moments . 
  ethnicity refers to shared identity , language , values , culture , etc. 
  not race . 
  if we get into race stuff then the whole of britain gets very confusing . 
  especially england . 
  if we defined ethnicty that way then we would probably have to stop calling a lot of people english . 
  i see the point others make though , and i agree , that people can identify however they want , regardless of what seems rational . 
  so the only thing i really would argue with is the idea that the southern irish are the ` real ' irish and get to decide whether the northern irish are irish or not , that is up to every individual northern irish perosn . 
  i 've said it already but it is worth saying again ; nationalists of all flags tend to be idiots . 
  it 's sad that it has got to a point where me criticising the ira and loyalists makes people assume i support the british government 's actions in ireland . 
  not today but in the past i 've even recieved threatening emails and pms because apparently saying ` i 'm against the ira 's use of violence ' = ` the british did nothing wrong in ireland ' in many people 's minds . 
  yeah that 's my point . 
  in the area . 
  i did n't mean unionist as in a member of the party , i meant unionists as in people who supports the union of ni and britain . 
  i am a unionist but i am not a member or supporter of any groups that support or excuse violence against civilians . 
  nationalist or unionist . 
   editing your post after the fact is also disingenuous . 
  if you read the edit it is all clarification and one correction ( saying the loyalists are scum as well , because i once wrote the ira , instead of ` the ira and loyalists ' as i did earlier in the post . 
  at this point you are being disingenous because you know for a fact i at no point said ` the loyalists and ira are the same ' but you ca n't admit you misunderstood me . 
  and i have repeatedly reiterated the fact i am equally against the violence on both sides , if you are going to ignore my genuine assurances , then what more can i do ? 
   if i was you i would just shut up and bow out.if i was you i would just shut up and bow out . 
  i 'm done talking to you because all your do is ad hominem attacks , saying nothing of value , making no corrections and deliberately ignoring what i say when i point out your misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not getting into a pissing competiton about who knows more . 
  however i will carry on the conversations with other people who are able to actual say somethign of substance to discuss . 
  also if you want to keep snooping through my posts , read the comment chains . 
  in most cases people have agreed with me once i 've clarified what i 've said . 
  literally the only thing people have disagreed with me on and provided evidence for , is the question of irish identity . 
  i hav n't got a single historical or political fact wrong though . 
  anyway have a good easter , cya . 
  yeah i was just joking . 
  i have met one in real life , he was american !, 
  lol, 
  agreed . 
  especially the covert stuff which was n't really terroism but were war crimes and human right 's abuses . 
  no all the harcore extremist unionists hate being called irish .
