  the uk spent about 56 billion and russia about 51 billion . 
   1/3 of all money spent on military globally in 2015 was spent by the us . 
   does it not make you think who are they protecting us from exactly ? 
  what is this threat we need to enlarge our military over ? 
  the uk , france , germany , italy , spain and poland are already in the top twenty nations in military spending in the whole world !, 
   saying that the eu ca n't be constantly expecting america to solve our problems either . 
  the us spends more than china , saudi arabia , the uk , russia , indian , france , japan , germany , south korea , brazil and australia combined per year . 
  to put that into perspective the biggest spender after the us is china who spent 145.8 billion in 2015 while the us spent 597.5 billion . 
  the uk spent about 56 billion and russia about 51 billion . 
  1/3 of all money spent on military globally in 2015 was spent by the us . 
  does it not make you think who are they protecting us from exactly ? 
  what is this threat we need to enlarge our military over ? 
  the uk , france , germany , italy , spain and poland are already in the top twenty nations in military spending in the whole world !, 
  why do we need more weapons ? 
  you , like me , are british which makes your statement even more crazy . 
  only the us and china spend more than the uk per year on the military . 
  and that is actually the same amount of our gdp as the us . 
  saudia arabia to but they spend a way higher amount of their gdp than other top spending countries . 
  the only country with a military spending problem is the us . 
  so long as a country can protect itself and can contribute to un peacekeeping , etc then what is the problem ? 
  at least when it was the cold war we did n't actually know how much the us outspent the ussr . 
  now we live in a time of greater transparency and have no reason to be fooled by us jingoist rhetoric . 
  there is a legitimate case against zionism and israel 's actions as a state but the problem is it is any criticism is also an excellent cover for anti-semites . 
  luckily the anti-semites normally ca n't keep their loathing towards all jewish people hidden for long . 
  we are n't going to leave . 
  canada originally was a dominion , this is an actual official term and is what canada was described as legally . 
  the term dominion is useful because it actually describes the unique relationship of canada , britain and the monarchy accurately . 
  whereas personal union is highly misleading and someone familiar with medieval history but not the history of the british empire would be highly confused when you use personal union to describe everything from the union of scotland and england to the dominionship of canada . 
  there is also a bunch of technicalities related to constiutional monarchy , the empire , the british legal system , etc but i need to go out now , 
  what if they do n't want indendence ? 
  surely you mean grant them self-determination ? 
  this is n't a personal union . 
  the states are n't combined . 
  it nearly is but the lack of power of the queen means in practice it is n't a personal union . 
  infact the whole commonwealth thing partly came from this idea . 
  canada is a sovereign state which has the same constitutional monarch and ( now ) has parliamentary democracy , this is what makes it different from a dominion , personal union or whatever . 
  i love eu4 but i swear it 's responsible for so many bad jokes and half-baked understandings of history . 
  even technically canada and the uk are not joint-states . 
  why is none of the russian empire marked ? 
  yeah but people normally assume colonists = a colonialist system . 
  it 's why so many people are surprised when they are told the british did n't actually kill or oppress anyone to get the falklands and that all the people who have ever lived there have been british . 
  i 'm pretty sure people are n't talking about takeaways when they insult english food . 
  just as many shitty takeouts in paris as london . 
  infact the best indian food i 've eaten in europe has been in britain and you ca n't get a good chippy outside the british isles . 
  also i ca n't imagine why the average takeaway in ireland would be any better than britain ? 
  there does n't seem enough cultural or demographic difference to account for that . 
  nearly any city has a mix of good and bad takeaways , it 's just you do n't find out if you do n't live there so it 's pot luck . 
  i did n't think i 'd be giving this much thought to comparitive fast food today . 
  it 's not semantic . 
  it 's a different and more accurate description . 
  it 's important to know because the us influence in japan has had a huge influence on it 's post-war development and also in general the status quo wins out if people are really unhappy . 
  there is a big difference between a democratically elected government implementing the policies it was elected for and having a law enforced which becomes the status quo . 
  the power of the status quo applies doubly when dealing with a constitution that is n't absolutely hated . 
  i 'm not even saying this is an example of the us doing something bad , given the events of ww2 enforcing a limitation on armed forces ( while also helping rebuild the country ) was pretty even handed and has arguably been pretty beneficial for japan . 
  they also forced the japanese to adopt `` freedom of speech , of religion , and of thought , as well as respect for the fundamental human rights '' . 
  so it was n't like the constiution forced on them was bad and turned them into a puppet-state but it was mainly drafted by non-japanese people and they had little choice but to accept . 
  also the us was backed by the other victorious powers in it 's handling of japan . 
  and the us has soooo many examples of selfish or stupid foriegn policy i do n't know why people even bother trying to twist the occupation of japan into somethign worse than it was . 
  sorry never associated musles with belgium , always with the northern coast of france . 
  oh wait , kind of the same thing is n't it ? 
  english food is fine . 
  the problem is the kind of level of restaurant your average tourist goes to is normally some shitty chain pub ... 
  it 's more like the us chose after ww2 and the japanese hav n't chosen to go against it . 
  japan has little say in it 's future at the time this choice was made . 
  the turks denying the armenian genocide are n't the same people denying the holocaust . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  i never said that . 
  i said the same types of people as in `` those using a similarly twisted logic '' i admit i could have been more clear but i definitely do n't imply they are the same people . 
   those are countries who are nowhere relevant to any of the involved parties in this genocide . 
  i 'm not sure why you think they 're relevant . 
  think about that one for a while and how international law and consensus works . 
  if germany and jewish people decided the holocaust never happened does that mean everyone from other countries should accept that ? 
  of course international consensus , law and academic opinion is relevant here . 
   wikipedia . 
  lmao . 
  dude , check the sources . 
  how much of a degenerate do you have to be to `` lol all was pardoned '' . 
  source : an armenian biography . 
  oooooookay , bruh . 
  as you 'll know if you have looked yourself there are basically no non-turkish sources claiming it wans ' t genocide . 
   that really depends on the definition of a genocide . 
  by every commonly used definition it was genocide . 
  in academia it fits the definition and under international law it fits the definition . 
   the turkish government has asked for an inquiry by relevant parties ( and external parties as well ) to the subject , but the armenian government has ignored it . 
  you may want to do some more research here mate . 
  you seem unaware of the the multiple ( official and academic ) investigations that have gone on , with and without turkish and armenian help . 
  i could link to a list of stduies to give you a basis for further educating yourself but apparently you do n't see any use in providing your a basis for research , only spoonfeeding you the answer . 
  you ) that links to wikipedia without sources is a clown who can be ignored . 
  assuming that linking to wikipedia makes someone a moron makes you a moron . 
  wikipedia is very good at giving an overview to people unfamiliar with a subject . 
  i at no point said `` wikipedia proves it '' i referenced a historical event and linked the wikipedia page for people unfamiliar with that event , not as proof that event happened or proof that the genocide happened . 
  i hope it was deliberate because if not you really need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  or maybe your english if it is n't your first language , as it 's the second time you have changed/misunderstood something i said . 
   yeah : if you think that linking wikipedia - while ignoring checking sources - is `` studying '' then righto . 
  i think my degree and expereince in academia ( specifically research ) are studying . 
  wikipedia is just for an easy link for people to view on a phone , not a replacement for actual research . 
  you do n't refute my claims except by saying i 'm wrong and the rest is just a bunch of insults so i ca n't really reply . 
  i ca n't provide one source to `` prove '' the genocide as the proof is the weight of tons of evidence , not any one account or paper . 
  if you could actually explain why you think it is n't a genocide then i could refute those individual points . 
  as long as your argument is `` you are wrong and so are nearly all scholars '' then the burden of proof is on you .
