  it 's called nationalism . 
  you germans simply would n't understand the concept . 
  yes but a ranking system is n't anything to do with how good the athletes feel . 
  it is working out who is `` best '' at something . 
  [ * cough * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:british_mathematicians ), 
   smelly brits this is a sterotype we have never heard . 
  i thought the french were the smelly ones . 
  unless you are talking about our breath of course , 
  the usa : funny because it 's embarassing . 
  by `` each '' , i think you mean `` some '' . 
  i 'm not saying it is what i want or support . 
  i 'm just saying it does happen . 
  if you think any modern nation is n't spying on other countries then you must be pretty naive . 
  the uk will almost certainly be spying on the us . 
  actually it 's easier for countries to spy on their allies than to spy on their enemies for obvious reasons . 
  i was talking about the communist manifesto , which is pretty simple and written quite emotively . 
  das kapital is definitely much more dense and heavy going but so are most books that are as in-depth as that on any one subject . 
  also it seems to be especially prominent with german thinkers ( looking at you kant ) . 
  i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  mainly because i 'd love to think i could write the kind of rhetoric that engels and marx could , say what you want about politics , they were good writers . 
  i made a statement . 
  people disagreed with me and i have a tendancy to wax lyrical about politics . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  someone else linked the same video and as i said there i 'd never really looked at vatican city 's internal set-up , only it 's interactions with other countries . 
  thanks for answering what i said and explaining yourself instead of just downvoting a different/incorrect opinion on something  i 'd still say that the holy roman emperor is much more of a tradtitional old regime monarch , vatican city is clearly an oddity , allbeit an oddity with a monarch !, 
  but the majority of people who end up in power still come from a very specific class , who come from a specfic type of family , who went to certain schools and universites and are often well off . 
  of course there are tons of exceptions to this rule but it still seem to be the genreal rule . 
  most of those things are based purely on what family you are born into , not personal merit , so in a more circutious way birth and station still play a massive part in our politics whether we like to admit it or not . 
  ah yes i forgot that the pope was techincally the king of vatican city . 
  i was thinking only of his roles as head of the church . 
  erm , what 's your point ? 
  no , i 've probably played far too much ckii haha . 
  i 'm not defending the rich and privileged . 
  i 'm refuting the opinion that the ending of monarchy inherently changes anything fundamental for the average person . 
  yes i know that 's not how it works for everyone but it does for a lot of people . 
  i agree , i 'm not a monarchist . 
  i 'm not trying to defend the monarchy , i 'm merely arguing that althoguh the differnces on paper seem massive in practice the oligarchical `` democracies '' that we live in are in practice little different to the constituational monarchs of the 19th and 20th century . 
  the power of the monarch is no longer emobided in one man but it is not like the people have became sovreign . 
  the monarchs power has been shared but only between a relatively very small portion of the population . 
  and i do n't know whether i agree that `` formal inequalities are detrimental as substantial inequalities . '', 
  are you saying that inequalitys on parer is just as bad as inequality in practice ? 
  but yes , do away with the monarchy , by al lmeans . 
  but do n't confound the ending of monarchy with the advent of the sovriegnty of the people and a state acting in the average person 's best interests . 
  it changes little without a huge social and cultural revolution to accopmany it , something that just has n't happened yet . 
  of course not . 
  that would be stupid . 
  i 'm saying that the change which has happened is n't part of a larger trend of moving towards an eglitarian society brought about by the ending of monarchy . 
  people 's lives always change over 100 years , especially in this age of rapid tecnological advancment . 
  i 'm saying that , funamentally the new systems of government we have are not actively tryign to do away with economic disaprity , a political system that favours a certain class , the power of big business , fighting imperialist wars , etc. 
  does the government now represent your interests any more than that of 100 years ago ? 
  hell the atlee government , in my opinion , better represents the needs of the average person than the current government does . 
   there 's still poverty in 2013 , but wealth has exploded for millions , certainly in western europe on a huge scale . 
  to say little has changed is to deny reality . 
  but ultimately the large part of the wealth and power still rests with a relatively small amount of the population . 
  in a world of billions is matter little for the billions whether 1 or 100 or 5000 people hold the majority of the wealth and power . 
  and as i 've argued elsewhere the end of monarchy was the avent of the boruegious . 
  some , such as small shopkeepers got left behind but the clerks , beurecrats , lawyers , business men , factory owners , etc have merely taken the power and money from the nobility and kept it for themselves instead of redistributing it . 
  also technology and economic realities mean there is more to go around now , so of course people are better off . 
  but look at the fundameantals ; do n't look at the quality of life , look at the differences in qualitys of life between classes , think about the type of work many people are forced to work in , think about the uncertain future you and everyone else has , think about who still makes the largest profit of the sweat and toil of others . 
  let 's cheer the benefits we do have but do n't mistake improvements for a revolutionary change . 
  yes , on paper . 
  practically , there is no difference . 
  little to nothing is being done by those in power to reduce those inequalites . 
  sorry to be so aggressive but so many people make an argument along the lines of `` look how much better it is now '' , `` at least we are n't peasents '' , `` at least we are living in a democracy and not a monarchy now '' , etc and then make the conclusion that things ca n't be that bad and that people who moan about the current economic and political situation are just whiny . 
  yes part of what constiutional monarchy is means a monarch who has limits on their power . 
  and i agree that protecting personal/private interest is n't something that is defendable form any stand point . 
  and any form of government can arguably become just ceremonial or a figurehead but in the context of this map and the comment `` i thought it would be interesting to see how it has changed over the last hundred years . 
  does anyone know how many of the 1913 monarchies were purely ceremonial and how many were real monarchies ? '', 
  can you not see why i felt the need to highlight that cermeonial = / = consitutional . 
  all the monarchys are `` real '' monarchys and given the time period he was asking about it was almost certain that he was asking about the liberal western largely democratic systems vs the eastern absolutist limited-democratic ones . 
  it was n't real monarchys vs ceremonial ones , i have never seen any historian or academic try to make that stand point . 
  and just because i feel like i 'm being spoken down to a bit here i 'd just like to say i 'm a fully qualified historian and modern european political history is pretty much what i 'm specialised in . 
  i 've literally just finished writing an article about the differences between the european governments in the build-up to the first world war . 
  i did n't think the pope had absolute power within the church ? 
  at least not legally , he 's just more of an authority ? 
  but do n't we live in capitalist oligarchies ? 
  are n't the same entrenched class divides there ? 
  rich and poor . 
  those who go to private school , who become lawyers , judges , politicians , ceos are mainly from the upper classes . 
  if you ca n't see that we still have a nobility in western europe then you are blind to the facts . 
  to quote john lennon ( lol ) `` and you think you 're so clever and classless and free , but you 're still fuckinging peasants as far as i can see '' . 
  the end of monarchy made a massive difference for the middle class , the bouergious , it allowed them to take the role of oppresors and exploiters . 
  for the average man there is little to no difference betwenn a liberal consitutional monarchy ( e.g england ) and a liberal western republic ( e.g france ) most of the differnces come from other factors . 
  so if you do n't believe in wealth and right based off inheritance i asusme you will follow through your logic to abolishing private schools and inheritance ? 
  both of those give people an unfair start , after all your parents working hard does n't mean you deserve to reap the fruits of their hard labour . 
  because it semes hypocritical to oppose the monarchy for the reasons lifted but then also support and maintain the status quo which obviously has the same problems . 
  my point is n't that monarchy is good , it is that republics are just as guilty of the same crimes and we have a long way to go before i 'd describe the political outlook of europe as heartwarming , at the moment i 'd say bleak is a much more accurate adjetiv.e, 
  yes just using the term monarchy or republic is too loosely definied and ignores all the differences and intricacies of a system of government . 
  it 's why it 's much more effectice to use terms such as democratic republic , constiutional monarchy , etc they are still over-simplifications but at least give some insight into the nature of the state and it 's system of governement . 
  but the hr empreror 's status as a monarch is much less debateable than that of the pope surely ? 
  well that depends on the country/system of government . 
  but the terms republic and monarchy on their own are pretty useless and uniformative . 
  i do n't want a monarchy . 
  but as an acadmeic i feel the need to point out that there is legally and historically a big difference between a constiutional monarchy and a purely ceremonial one . 
  not all non-monarchical countries are republics . 
  well republic is a pretty loose definition . 
  why ? 
  becuase of the absurd notion that monarchy is fundamentally bad and democracy is funadmentally good ? 
  the diea that democracy fixes all the dispaity and caprice of the monarchy ? 
  because that is all dreams , we have traded monarchy for oligarchy .
