  a big part of the problem in this situation is that it makes it very easy for people to lie about their reasons for moving , assume a new identity , etc. 
  however just because it is difficult does n't mean we can just ignore it . 
  every realistic alternative is going to end up with a huge amount of suffering . 
  some of them will be criminals , like in any society , but all human lives are equal . 
  how many refugees is it ok to ignore , to let suffer , or die , for the benefit of one european ? 
  i 'm generally very leftwing but i do sometimes wonder if how ` soft ' schools are now is a bad thing . 
  kids , especially violent young men who only respect people stronger than them , are n't going to be scared of teachers when they have no fear of any real repercussions ( detentions and stuff only mean anything to people who actually care about school , etc ) . 
  we are . 
  just not on domesitc issues . 
  they do n't meet the first part of my definition  the main thing that makes terroism different is that it guerilla warfare but also targets civilian/public targets deliberately to create terror . 
  of course there is always grey areas though . 
  you could add a lot of the tactics used in vietnam and the invasion of iraq to that list . 
  you could definitely describe them as terror attacks that were part of ac onventional war . 
  but terroism normally refers to terror attacks as part of a non-conventional conflict . 
  thankyou for translating it . 
  have you got proof that is all they are told and taught about ? 
  there is a big difference between one , or even a party of , politcians believing something and actually enforcing it . 
  are children also taught other things about swedish history ? 
  are local cultural events still allowed to be carried out ? 
  is mention of swedish culture censored ? 
  and so on . 
  because i agree that statement you quoted is stupid but i think you are exaggerating when you say that `` swedes will be told nothing but how despicable the swedes are as a people '' and so on . 
  if what you say is true that would make sweden an extremely repressive society to have that level of intentional government censorship . 
  i do n't like all the reactionary views i see on here and i think multiculturulaism , done right , is a good thing . 
  but i definitely agree it is stupid to say , or teach people , that there is no swedish culture . 
  of course there is and there is also a wider scandinavian culture and it 's as rich and wealthy as other european cultures and those of people from the middle east , north africa , etc. 
  well yeah but it does also help russia diplomatically and just the image of russia in general . 
  he has n't created the events , and he might be doing the right thing , but it also has lots of benefits for russia diplomatically . 
  putin seems to be very good at just avoiding being branded as the ` big bad guy ' of international politics by knowing when to co-operate and not just being completely obstinate , and also when he can push his luck . 
  putin is a horrible person but also a very shrewd politician . 
  the eu is a good thing , if nothing else it helps ensure no warfare between european countries . 
  while incredibly heavy handed and cheesey i do n't see the bit where  all the way from kindergarden swedes will be told nothing but how despicable the swedes are as a people , how their etnicity does not exist and how filthy their culture , traditions and history is while at the same time glorifying every non western culture in existance . 
  if this is your best evidence for that statement that is pretty hilarious . 
  terroism is the use of terror tactics . 
  what definies terroism is n't the causes that are being fought for , it 's the manner that the conflict is carried out . 
  the main thing that makes terroism different is that it guerilla warfare but also targets civilian/public targets deliberately to create terror . 
  so ni and the incidents related to basque nationalism were definitely both terorism , in every sense . 
  * sigh *, 
  yes , lots of muslims have protested against jihad , terroism and , in some cases , even against religious government . 
  you would know that if you looked , it 's just that right-wing media does n't report on those stories as much , why do you think that is ? 
  https://www.rt.com/news/189168-german-muslims-protest-isis/ also as well as actual stuff like this there are tons and tons of muslims who act as individuals , either as religious leaders or completely independent of their religion , who have spoken out against jihad and other of the more medieval practices of some muslims groups . 
  this ranges from normal muslims to globally respected academics . 
  also if you look at many protests about other human issues such as war , human rights , etc then muslims are often well represented as groups and individuals . 
  just like any other religious belief there are lots of different interpretations , many muslims are less religious than some catholics and many support `` western '' values of human rights , equality , etc. 
  honestly everytime i hear someone saying `` you never hear any muslims critcise extremists '' i think have you ever watched any non-right wing news , have you ever read a book , have you ever fuckign spoke to a muslim . 
  it 's complete fantasy , just like the whole `` no-go '' thing . 
   reading quran helps as well . 
  now it is funny you should say that . 
  you are probably familiar with christianity right ? 
  so you already know that a religious text is often massively differently interpreted by different groups . 
  so i 'm sure you would agree that reading the bible would not give you an accurate picture of all christian beleifs and interepreations . 
  infact you could say someone who knew nothing about christianity would get a picture very different from the practices preached today by , say , the church of england . 
  so any rational person has to agree that to really understand modern christianity you would have to do far more than just read the bible . 
  this all applies to islam but even more so due to the history and nature of their beleif system . 
  the whole way it works is even more interprative and fractured than in christianity . 
  you should read up on how the muslim faith works in practice and the role of imans . 
  it should be pretty clear why it is even more inappropriate to just rely on the quran to understand modern muslims than it would be to just rely on the bible to understand modern christians . 
  that should be clear to anyone who has ever studied any area of european and middle easten history . 
  now do n't get me wrong i 'm not religious at all and i think the whole thing is dumb . 
  i 'm not an atheist , i 'm an agnostic but even if there is tiny chance of some kind of ` higher being ' it is defintiely not going to be found in the clusterfuck of contradictory beleifs that make up most modern religions . 
   poles are not morally superior well you said all poles would leave the country without complaint because they know they are guests while implying that other groups would n't . 
   we saved europe from muslim once . 
  i think thats enough . 
  yes at a time when an empire was invading europe , poland really helped by their intervention at the battle of vienna . 
  however that was a very long time ago and does n't really have any bearing on now . 
  it is n't a ` get out of jail free card ' for dealing with the realities of the modern world . 
  if france needed help from britain should we just say `` not out problem we helped them out before '' and that was 60 years ago , not hundreds . 
   now its not our problem anymore . 
  have fun . 
  you can take them all . 
  refugees are everyone 's problem , it 's a question of morality not historical responsiblity . 
  are you saying if you needed to flee your country because of war then britain should turn you away because you are n't our problem . 
  also even in terms of * realpolitik * they are your problem because the way poland reactes will have influence the diplomatic and economic future of poland and possibly europe depending on how events occur . 
  sp evem of you ignore the morality of it all , poland ca n't just act in a bubble . 
  sure we ca n't make you take them but you ca n't also refuse to take any and expect the same level of diplomatic and economic aid and good will from other countries . 
   we didnt start the fire . 
  yes arguably britain and france historically and russia and the us recently have set up the situation in the middle east which has lead to the rise of extremism in that area . 
  however historical responsibility has little meaning when dealing with a flood of refugees from awful conflict . 
  you ca n't just wash your hands of it and say it 's not your problem , turn your back but at least have the balls to admit it is the cold and selfish thing to do if nothing else . 
  do n't act like refusing to help and historical truths somehow magically excuse you of all responsiblity and moral duty . 
  honestly if i was a muslim i would get sick and tried of this shit so quickly , i 'd probably start to think maybe the extremists have a point when no matter how moral i am , i still get talked about like a dangerous criminal just because of my religious beliefs . 
  your appeals to emotion about `` all poles would just leave because they know they are guests '' and saying `` if muslims are so great you and uk will take them all '' tell me all i need to know about your way of thinking . 
  there are plenty of poles who are worse than muslims and plenty of muslims who ar worse than poles , i do n't know why you would assume one nation of people are all moral and then a whole group of relgiious people from differnet countries are all selfish , that is biggotry . 
  and i hav n't said muslims are all amazing and you are lucky to have them , if i had said that it would make sense for the uk to want them all , but i have at no point claimed that `` muslims are so great '' just arguing that they are n't all bad like you make out . 
  so you either need to reread what i said or stop trying to misrepresent what i say when you hav n't got a good counterpoint . 
   calling me racist cos i 'm not following your muticulti left wing fascinations is pathetic . 
  you do n't have to follow it , that does n't make you racist . 
  for example making a purely economic argument could be called inhumane , selfish , etc but it could never be called racist or biggoted . 
  however repeateadly making sweeping generalisations about people based off race , religion , nationality , etc does make you an arsehole incapable of following rule 1 of scientific reasoning ( do n't assume , do n't make generalisations ) . 
  your reasoning is basing your intrepretation of millions of people off the actions of less than 1 % of that group . 
  if you had a sound economic argument then i might disagree with you but we could discuss it , as it is you are sticking to your sweeping statements about groups of people based off your own opinion , not facts . 
  you have also made your whol argument an even bigger joke by suggesting poles are somehow all morally superior . 
  there are plenty of piece of shit poles and great ones , same goes for muslims , british people , whatever . 
  sooner you reliase that the better . 
   british muslim only sharia law zones lol . 
   not `` tiny number of terroists '' but all of them , are muslims . 
  the number of them who are terroists is a tiny proportion of all muslims . 
  all terroists are n't muslims , just they are the most common ones in europe at the moment . 
  all muslims are n't terroists . 
  do you see how you are n't being as logical as you claim here ?
