  less likely ? 
  completely unlikely while you have a torie government , as you will under salmond . 
  you will be living in a society pretty much directly comparable to what you live in now . 
  a captailist oligarchy with moderate democracy . 
  the revolutionary one makes no sense . 
  scotch just means whisky made in scotland and it 's been made it 's only been rquired to be made in a certain way for around 100 years . 
  some actualyl believe that irish whisky is more traditional . 
  and the creation of alcohol fermented from grain has existed for thousands of years . 
  and golf is just hitting a ball with a stick . 
  people like having something to blame . 
  it used to be poor people , then it was people who were n't white and now it is immigrants . 
  there are some people who can not think about things objectively and want someone to blame for all their problems , they tend to end up blaming minority or oppressed groups because they find it hardest to stand up for themselves . 
  i welcome immigration , it is good for the country overall and there are just as many nice immigrants as there are ones who are complete dicks . 
  what are your top exports ? 
  they are both more real than scotland . 
  scotland is just the bit north of the wall that no one got around to civilizing properly . 
  well if paradox games have taught me anything more territory in your sphere of influence = good . 
  because we live in a nationalist and capitalist society which means true democracy and independence movements are always considered bad unless furthering the interests of your own country or making you money . 
  some parts of the south coast of britain actually have pretty nice beaches and are realtively warm in the summer due to having a bit of a micro climate that ( i think ) is due to the gulf stream . 
  look at some of the beaches in cornwall and devon . 
  but realistically that is n't going to happen in a capitalist society . 
  the only time that has ever happened in history really has been after revolutions , shortly before the revolutions are taken over by a new ruling class sadly . 
  no because russia was n't in the war at this point . 
  they were actually engaged in a treaty with nazi germany as well as some lucrative trade agreements http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact, 
  personally i think that it was pretty funny and much more harmless whatever happened . 
  germany had already lost the war so this was more like a last `` fuck you '' to britain and france and did n't do any harm , neither would it have mattered if they did n't scuttle the fleet . 
  but yeah the british government at the time was n't too happy . 
  well there is obviously a moral argument over it . 
  in terms of * realpolitk * it was unarguably the right thing to do . 
  what would the french gain by keeping the fleet that the germans would inevitably try to take ? 
  how would they stop them ? 
  think of the impact on the war if the germans had been a bit more powerful at sea , the royal navy was just as important as the raf in keeping britain in the war , arguably even more so overall . 
  ultimately this action potentially saved france . 
  if britain had made peace with germany then the us would never have entered the war . 
  of course it was awful , but war is awful , as a military commander ( especially in a time when nationalism still was quite high ) then i feel like it is the most sensible deceison . 
  we gave the chance for the french to give it up and they refused . 
  from any perspective , especially a british one , it must have seemed very strange as france stood to gain nothing and could potentially cuase a lot of damage to the british war effort . 
  also i still think it 's important to remember that ultimately britain did what was right for europe . 
  it was also made germany , the us and the soviets realise that britain was n't going legally it is more complex because although france was techinically independent we now know that they were essentially a nazi puppet state . 
  also the british tried to mine the water to keep the french fleet in the harbour and the french shot down one of the airplanes ( these where the two british casualties ) so the french actually attempted to do the first `` lethal damage '' and succeeded . 
  churchilll gave the order to open fire ** after ** the french had show down a british plane . 
  i would have expected the french to do the same to us if the roles were reversed . 
  morally i do n't think it is any worse than the killing and bombing of anyone in the war . 
  it was n't racially motivated , it did n't involve raping and looting , there was relatively minimalised damage and it had limited but highly important aims so overall it was probably a lot more moral than many other occurences in the war . 
  it is another sad loss of life in a very sad war . 
  here is the more infamous part of the whole question of the french navy after the german occupation . 
  the uk did the right thing really but damn was a tough choice - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attack_on_mers-el-k%c3%a9bir for people who ca n't be bothered to read the wiki article , here is the uk 's ultimatum to france . 
  the remaining french were dicks about it and would n't help the british out as most of the remaining french were defeatists and those who hated the nazis/germany were not powerful enough or had fled the country . 
  in the sinking of the french fleet about a 1000 french people and 2 british airmen died . 
  the french responded by bombing raids on british gibraltar which did kill some people but i ca n't find how many . 
   it is impossible for us , your comrades up to now , to allow your fine ships to fall into the power of the german enemy . 
  we are determined to fight on until the end , and if we win , as we think we shall , we shall never forget that france was our ally , that our interests are the same as hers , and that our common enemy is germany . 
  should we conquer we solemnly declare that we shall restore the greatness and territory of france . 
  for this purpose we must make sure that the best ships of the french navy are not used against us by the common foe . 
  in these circumstances , his majesty 's government have instructed me to demand that the french fleet now at mers el kebir and oran shall act in accordance with one of the following alternatives ;  ( a ) sail with us and continue the fight until victory against the germans . 
   ( b ) sail with reduced crews under our control to a british port . 
  the reduced crews would be repatriated at the earliest moment . 
   if either of these courses is adopted by you we will restore your ships to france at the conclusion of the war or pay full compensation if they are damaged meanwhile . 
   ( c ) alternatively if you feel bound to stipulate that your ships should not be used against the germans unless they break the armistice , then sail them with us with reduced crews to some french port in the west indies -- martinique for instance -- where they can be demilitarised to our satisfaction , or perhaps be entrusted to the united states and remain safe until the end of the war , the crews being repatriated . 
   if you refuse these fair offers , i must with profound regret , require you to sink your ships within 6 hours . 
   finally , failing the above , i have the orders from his majesty 's government to use whatever force may be necessary to prevent your ships from falling into german hands . 
  reading that just gives me chills , thinking about how britain was left alone against an almost entirely nazi-lead europe . 
  even france our closest ally in this era had fell and mainly given up the fight except for a few who had fled mainland france . 
  it must have been a scary time for the british government and people . 
  it would have been so easy to make peace , britain would n't even suffer as they still had the empire and the world 's strongest navy . 
  europe could so easily have been left to nazi germany . 
  i 'm guessing everyone here is glad that britain did n't just turn a blind eye ot europe . 
  edit : people still getting butthurt about ww2 , really ? 
  lol or do people seriously disagree that britain was in a really scary position at this point in the war . 
  the us was n't going to help . 
  france had fallen . 
  italy and russia were allied with germany . 
  how is that not scary ? 
  britain could easily have juts made peace with germany and carried on being safe rich and prosperous thanks to the empire . 
  i think he means you ca n't scuttle a ship if it is blocked from leaving the dock . 
  i suppose you could sink it a different way but risk damaging the dock . 
  yeah i agree with you pretty much completely . 
  although i think you might be making the ireland - crimea comparison a bit to direct , overall it fits . 
  could you rephrase that ? 
  i 'm either being a bit stupid or your phrasing was confusing , 
  oh i was just reminded of it talking about the ukraine in another thread . 
  there is a good chance a lot of people wo n't have seen it though i guess as the subreddit has around 50k subscribers . 
  so i wo n't delete it but wo n't expect it to be upvoted either . 
  your argument reminds of this scene from one of my favourite sitcoms http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe, 
  overall i agree with you . 
  but on seeing your irish flair it made me think about ireland . 
  ireland definitely turned out to be much more hassle than it was worth for britain . 
  you get pro and anti-british irish people but i 've never met one who is pro-british who feels like he has been bullied into it or one who is anti-british but would give up if things got hard . 
  why would it be pointless ? 
  so what if people know it 's russia . 
  if this was individuals then sure but in international affairs legality , diplomacy and `` plausible deniablitliy '' are huge . 
  the us and ussr used exactly the tactics that you say are pointless in the cold war and it has had a massive affect on the development of the world . 
  more difficult , far from impossible . 
  russia ( if you include the time spent as the soviet union ) is an old hand at diplomacy , covert operations and meddling in other 's countries afairs without resortign straight to pretty direct military force . 
  they are probably the country that has done it the most after the us and the united kingdom . 
  it 's hard for normal people to smuggle goods in . 
  it 's much easier for an organisation that has the wealth of one of the countries largest nation 's behind it , as well as ( almost certainly ) an established `` spy '' infrastructure . 
  they can also back existing groups , bribe politicans , fund certain political parties , etc. 
  pretty standard practice for both the us and russia during the cold war . 
  you are right that it is n't easy but i think that it is more being a nato country and fear of going to far diplomatically that will restrain russia , than any conerns over whether they could pull it off .
