most of them are figureheads . 
  i 'd rather live in a constitutional monarchy than a presidential dictatorship . 
  probably not although i 'm not an expert on modern day turkey so i 'd be happy to be proved wrong . 
  i like how the earlier it was legalised the mroe likely the coutnry is considered liberal still today . 
  except that is true . 
  not the superiority part but that difference in heritage . 
  i see what you mean but that is a weird turn of phrase to most people from the uk . 
  preffered , in that context , makes it sound like you are saying what people ideally wanted , but what you actually mean is that independence turned out to be the most practical and possible . 
  no one takes the edl seriously anyway because they are just blatant fascist thugs , this wo n't help their image . 
  bnp and , to a less extent , ukip are the right-wing parties people shoudl actually be worried about . 
  in england the polish plumbers are better than the english ones . 
  it also seems they are better than the spanish at their own language . 
  where do i think russia is heading to ? 
  eastern europe . 
  yeah bavaria was more for humour because all the germans ive met from that region moaned about how snobby and/or prussian northern germans are and so on . 
  well the link does n't prove my point , i thought you did n't understand my reasoning . 
  hate to break it to you but as a white westerner you would be targetted in some of the middle easterns countries by extremist groups for kidnap/execution/whatever . 
  they would probably argue that you have indirectly benefited from other 's actions and have done nothing to stop them . 
  do n't kid yourself mate . 
   and encircled or not , we would have nothing to fear . 
  holy shit . 
  open a history book . 
  what happened last time ireland was a free state , did n't hurt anyone , did n't have anyone to protect it ? 
  oh yeah that 's right we opressed you for hundreds of years . 
  you are a complete tit if you think that you can predict , with the amount of certainity that would make you happy to risk lives , more than a year or two into the future . 
  that maybe so but in terms of * realpolitik * they are a western countrie who have close diplomativ , economic and political times to the rest of the west ( the eu and europe ) . 
  i agree that this might not be what the majority of their population want . 
  it might not be fair . 
  but it is true none the less whether the swedes and finns like it or not . 
  britain relies heavily on us airfields and carriers for global air operations . 
  this is as good for nato as it is for finland and sweden . 
  it is n't a codeword , it means what it says . 
  it just is that russia is the most likely country to attack . 
  the agreement would still count if anther country invaded . 
  you are right , that is how it reads . 
  maybe he means that it is cheaper to leave in eastern europe so if you have well payed proffesional job there you can live more comfortably than in the uk ? 
  language . 
  also attracts quite a lot of business and financial sector people . 
  london is still one of the leading financial centres of the world and definitely the most imporant in europe . 
  why did the include all of india ? 
  is n't india only like 10 % muslim ? 
  no some of them , for example , an independent basque region are considered possible and legitimate by a lot of people . 
  whereas others are just cool or interesting or to wind people up . 
  because if no israel existed , in the holy land , then they would n't get a lot of jewish people moving there . 
  the jewish community was tiny for hundreds of years until zionism emerged and a lot of jewish figureheads encouraged people to live there . 
  as for what it would change i 'm pretty sure germany would have an easier time either dealing with , or seeking international help to deal with , israel agressively expanding into german land through military operations and settlement . 
  i doubt a jewish state in germany would even consider trying to expan in the same way israel is . 
  the only reason israel get away with it is because they are mainly affecting `` brown '' muslim people who do n't have a stabilised enough state or military to protect themselves . 
   sarajevo and its suburbs parts of serbia . 
  why ? 
  this is the kind of idea that is great to talk about but would be disatrous in real life . 
  the last time was actually after the collapse of the ussr . 
  they should be reported to the autorities . 
  you should do the same . 
  you are going to have a really bad time anyway due to the terroism act . 
  he is commiting a crime by not reporting this . 
  he is probably going to have an awful time and shit himself when he has to take part in an execution of some guy stealing to feed his kids or a western journalist . 
  it is n't about when he comes back . 
  it is about him hurting any innocent people on some silly religious crusade . 
  op is probably now on a list . 
  well partly it depends what group he has joined . 
  although if he actually said he has `` joined jihad '' then that is n't a good sign . 
  you should probably contact the police along with any details you have . 
  he might be your friend but a guy from london was involved in the execution of an american journalist recently and i 'm sure you do n't want to be friends with someone like that . 
  yes but if israel exists then a large number of jewish people are going to flock there because of the concept of `` the return '' and their beleifs regarding the holy land . 
  now it 's too late to fix the problem . 
  however i think it was a shortsighted deceision , and more importantly , unjust to the residents of palestine and what is now israel . 
  nah , give wales independence just to piss off salmond . 
  freedom for the basque region . 
  and have given the jews a homeland in europe ( sorry but probably in germany ) because if a jewish state tried to pull the shit they are pulling in the middle east in europe no one would stand for it . 
  northern epirus to greece . 
  a proper recognition of northern cyprus . 
  free faroe islands . 
  free sapmi state in scandinavia . 
  independent brittany . 
  independent bavaria . 
  independent sardinia . 
  independent siciliy . 
  free venice . 
  free wales . 
  for various reasons , some serious , some just because it would be cool . 
  you mean the first french emprie ? 
  no it was a reply to the op . 
  you 'll see there is no parent link . 
  plus check his flair , he is austrian , which makes my guess pretty likely . 
  / u/eulbot is austrian , he was joking that he was confused as to why the advisor did n't have an accent when they said that he did . 
  yes i belieive that is the case . 
  but it the impresison is it was a bush-lead conspiracy , which blair pariticipated in . 
  rather than the other way around . 
  also the war had greater support in the us than in the uk . 
  what is the saying , make peace but prepare for war ? 
  i 'm not saying `` we may as well just stop being allies '' , i 'm saying that i do n't feel we are at a stage where can be so sure of the longevity of the current climate . 
  i mean look at the roman empire , at one point it was almost impossible to imagine it falling as quickly and as drastically as it did , yet it happened . 
  surely the romans would have been wiser to not rest on their laurels and we would be wise to learn from their mistakes ? 
   labor market liberalisation measures . 
  such as ? 
  the problem with the us is the distance and the unequal footing of the relationship . 
  plus the fact that us-uk relations would become extremely strained if there is another iraq war type scenario any time soon . 
  france is much closer and is more equal to the uk in terms of strength , aims , shared history , etc and is more politically and economically linked to the uk . 
  obviously things would still be bad if relationships with the french became strained but that is much less likely to happen .
