  cromwell is the classic `` hmm , he sounds brutal but arguably had good intentions , definitely an effective commander , oh wow some of those laws seem a little crazy , omfg what is he doing in ireland and scotland '' british historical figure . 
  i am overall supportive of ukraine but this video is just as inaccurate , sensationalist and silly as the russian propaganda . 
  does anyone else miss feudalism ? 
  not really . 
  i think / u/parameters explains it better http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yd4xd/switzerland_has_provided_chf_90_million_of/cp8jlmu, 
  britain would never do such a morally bankrupt thing . 
  never . 
  it 's almost like all clarkson 's outrageous and shocking opinions are made up , to a deadline , for money . 
  maybe i am wrong . 
  i am not at home nos but i mentioned what statistics source i used in another of my posts . 
  if i remember right us was at 2.3 % and uk 2.1 %, 
  that 's why i have said that the thing that needs to be improved is the organisation of the military forces of eu countries . 
  that calling for increased military spending is dumb and a waste of resources . 
  a better organisation of eu members military forces would turn a lot of well funded but divided militaries into one of the best funded armed forces in the world . 
  so i completely agree on that count . 
  i really do n't think russia would invade any eu country but if it did it would not be a guaranteed war and loss for russia like it would with a more centeralised eu military . 
  you are living in dream land . 
  you are right europe is way less important than it used to be . 
  however it is still very important and is one of the most powerful regions in the world . 
  russia in geopolitical terms is the most obvious threat to europe in reality they are a threat to ukraine and belarus but would never attack any further into europe without a huge buildup in military force there is no sign of . 
  it is impossible for russia to attack any eu country , putin is not insane he is very calculating . 
  europe does n't need the us for direct military protection . 
  as an ally or as a friend and as a trade partner , yes . 
  the only real superpowers in the world are the us followed by china . 
  then there are very important and strong global powers like russia , france , the uk , germany , saudi arabia and india . 
  there is no power vaccum to fill in europe at the moment . 
  if any conflict between russia and europe happens it will be proxy wars in the middle east and i do n't see the us actually leaving the middle east completely alone . 
  that 's kind of the point though . 
  apart from the us it 's questionable if any country could carry out a large scale invasion beyond their borders . 
  maybe china , russia , the uk and france . 
  out of those 4 they all spend roughly the same , except china . 
  and china has shown absolutely zero military interest outside of asia amd their relations with europe are much better than they were a few decades ago . 
  so the us is the only country that makes sure it can have a meaningful global presence at basically any time . 
  so what are they protecting us from ? 
  would n't an increase in military spending in europe trigger one in russia ? 
  that seems like a worse situation than now . 
  the last time the us was needed , when no part of un peacekeeping or similar ( kosovo , bosnia , etc ) , was ww2 . 
  all the independent wars since have been for us interests above all else . 
  so you are claiming russia is the threat the us is protecting europe from ? 
  and those figures quoted are in dollars and based on average market exchanged rates and complied by the instiute for strategic studies . 
  they are not just a straight up comparison of the number on the budget in each country . 
  yeah i said in another comment  europe has tons of problems , even with military issues , but spending is n't one of them . 
  personally i think the only big weakness is being decenteralised and maybe we should relook at the european defence initiative because the only way europe 's military would be useless is if it was used piecemeal and not used effectively . 
  and just throwing money and resources at that problem wo n't fix it , it 's a diplomatic issue . 
  i think we are probably on the same page there ? 
  i was just making a joke . 
  but yeah you are right if i was making a serious point that would be the comparison . 
  i 'm saying that why do we need to spend more ? 
  most european countries are capable of defending themselves in collaboration with other european countries , or of taking part in joint-peacekeeping operations . 
  some countries , mainly britain and france , have a greater military ability and would almost certainly use them if an eu country was invaded . 
  russia spends a little less than the uk and a little more than france . 
  a fraction of the total of all european armed forces . 
  china spends a little more than france , the uk and germany combined but china has not shown any interested in military action outside of asia , definitely not going to attack europe anytime soon . 
  and infact china has better relations with much of europe now than it did a few decades ago . 
  saudia arabia outspend all european countries but it spends a much greater amount of it 's gdp on doing so and is mainly focussed on defending itself in a war-torn region . 
  so i ask again why do we need to increase our capability ? 
  who are the threats ? 
  infact the only country that could easily invade the eu right now is the us and obviously that is n't going to happen . 
  i 'm not saying your theories are wrong , just that they do n't currently apply . 
  if the us dissappeared tommorow then what would europe be vulnerable to ? 
  but we have hard power . 
  literally all the arguments saying europe is weak are appeals to emotion based off tabloid narratives . 
  none of the statistics suggest europe is weak militarily . 
  russia spends less than the uk per year , it spends about 1/3 of the budget of france , the uk and germany combined . 
  besides the us the only countries that outspends european ones siginificantly are saudi arabia who spend a much greater percent of gdp and china ( although china spends less than 1/3 of what the us spends a year anyway ) . 
  oh and the us percentage of gdp spent on the military is pretty much the same as the uk . 
  it 's only the much greater size of the us economy that leads to the much higher amount being spent . 
  let me say that again the uk spends the same amount of it 's gdp on the military as the us . 
  i know you hav n't said this yourself , but how do people convince themselves that the uk can only have an nhs thanks to the us when we already use the same percentage of our wealth on the military as they do !, 
   but i get it , in much of europe , things like defense treaties , auto emissions limits and budget rules are more suggestions than requirements . 
  just like quality of life in the us , 
  the us spends over three times the amount china does and even more when compared to russia . 
  the uk actaully outspends russia . 
  who are you protecting us from exactly ? 
  also if you count all the european countries in the top 20 spending on military then they add up to even more than china 's budget . 
  ffs . 
  i give up in this thread . 
  if you googled it you 'd know this is all right-wing fantasies . 
  europe is far from weak militairly . 
  the uk alone outspend russia and france spends a few billion less but is close . 
  plus both the uk and france have nukes . 
  if you add in the other european countries in the top twenty military spenders you have the uk , france , germany , italy , spain and poland ( so 6 european countries are in the top twenty wordwide for military spending ) . 
  that is about 177 billion a year , outspending literally every country in the world ( even beating china by a few billion ) except the united states . 
  add in the rest of europe 's smaller militaries and you see why russia is not going to invade europe anytime soon . 
  also even if the us did n't help us canada and australia are pretty likely to which adds in about another 40 billion . 
  if the eu combined , without changing the budget , it would be the biggest military ( overall , not in terms of standing soldiers ) in the world except for the us . 
  in all the mone spent on militaries worldwide in 2016 the us spent over a third . 
  you might go `` haha so they are covering everyone 's ass '' but then you realise the next biggest spender is china who only spent about 10 % . 
  europe has tons of problems , even with military issues , but spending is n't one of them . 
  personally i think the only big weakness is being decenteralised and maybe we should relook at the european defence initiative because the only way europe 's military would be useless is if it was used piecemeal and not used effectively . 
  and just throwing money and resources at that problem wo n't fix it , it 's a diplomatic issue . 
   instead it 's the result of a military force built to defeat , deter , and defend against state-on-state warfare . 
  yeah but then roosevelt died and since then it 's been used for us imperialism far more than it has to defend the us . 
  and when it has been used as a tool of international peace it 's been as part of a global effort ( bosnia , kosovo ) , not the type of wars the us has gained it 's infamy from ( santo domingo , vietnam , panama and iraq to name the ones carried out by the military and not just orchestrated by the cia ) . 
  unless you are going to pull the shitty move of claiming that all the us internentions in civil wars where they always propped up the side that suited them , not the just or popular side , was in the interests of world peace . 
  and yes some of those cases were done by the cia but that would have been impossible if the us military was n't what it was . 
   with the degree of internationalism of defense , especially among western states , some of this is to be expected . 
  but what we 're witnessing now are n't reasoned trade-offs in capability through collective defense with other states . 
  i 'm gon na copy and paste myself here to save time :  the us spends more than china , saudi arabia , the uk , russia , india , france , japan , germany , south korea , brazil and australia ** combined ** per year . 
  to put that into perspective the biggest spender after the us is china who spent 145.8 billion in 2015 while the us spent 597.5 billion .
