  you 're gon na have to back if up if you want to make such odd claims . 
  not it does n't , that 's complete hyperbole . 
  it goes against nationalist southern rhetoric but is well within the roles of accepted theories and ideas on ireland within academic history . 
  and i will update with sources if i can find them before i go out ( halfway through packign up to move house ! ), 
  i did n't say you did ? 
  i was saying that the way you went about getting independence was selfish and had no decency but i do n't blame anyone for that at all . 
  it was a necessity . 
  the celebrations are as crass as anything like this in ** any ** country . 
  i do n't like them but so long as they are n't promoting violence nationalist can wave their flags and have their parades and whatever makes them happy . 
   the north is not as irish as me you seem to have a bit of a chip on your shoulder . 
   lol . 
  i have never in my life heard someone call themselves a nationalist and have a british flag represent them on here . 
  well done . 
  that 's quite a laugh , especially if you 're talking about the north . 
  i missed a comm . 
  luckily for us , nationalists like you . 
  i would never mean to identify myself with such a childish and outdated view of politics as nationalism . 
  nationalists end up arguing meaningless stuff to make yourself feel better , a bit like you 're doing now . 
  yeha the glorification of all violence and nationalism is a bad thing in my eyes . 
  it should n't be forgotten but should be reflected on somberly , but what you gon na do ? 
  getting ranty and pointing the finger does n't help anyone . 
  and i 'm sure what everyone here wants , except maybe a few scumbags , is peace in ireland and self-determination for both north and south . 
  if people are sad enough to need military parades to develop an identity and pride then pity them like petty children , do n't get mad like an equally childish person . 
  i do n't like the tone of some of the celebrations but i 'm glad ireland won it 's independence and i 'm sure many who really love the independence celeberations hate the ira 's tactics as much as i do . 
  that matters far more . 
   i 'm not going out to offend you , i 'm literally stating a fact . 
  yeah the fact of what your opinion is . 
  luckily for us nationalists like you do n't get to go aroudn classing people however they feel like . 
  the north is as irish as you . 
  i 'm not going out to offend you , i 'm literally stating a fact . 
   personally , i consider my friend who 's of nigerian descent , born here as irish . 
  if he was born in northern irish he 'd be northern irish . 
  you are just being a dick then are n't ya ? 
  anyone born in ireland can claim to be irish , without any qualifiers . 
  it 's like me insisting you are southern irish , it 's unhelpful and is just pushing my own agenda to prove a petty point . 
  last time a large poll was done staying part of britain was most popular , and independent ulster second and way way lower was reuniting with ireland . 
  ca n't find any poll right now though : /, 
  i do n't forget . 
  they are just as bad as the ira and it sickens me that either side is glorified by anyone in ireland or britain . 
  they are a minority of unionists . 
  not a minority in the area . 
  remember guys freedom fighters \u2122 not terroists . 
  as much as i 'm pro-independence i think every bit of violence carried out post-independence has been disgusting and unneccesary and i have no time for the people defend the lotalists or the ira . 
  sadly i see people defending the vioelence , a lot , on reddit and often getting upvoted because the english are so evil . 
  frankly i think the ira and loyalists are scum who 's crimes against the irish and english people should be a subject of shame , not pride , for any irish person of good nature . 
  edit : because apparently / u/thefroggfather finds this post confusing i just thought i 'd clarify : nor do i think this video is that of an ira attack . 
  nor do i think the ira and loyalists are the same thing . 
  the only correction i 've made is adding in loyalist here `` frankly i think the ira and loyalists are scum '' because i made mistake . 
  i 'd have thought me mentioning ` the ira and loyalist ' earlier would have been enough . 
  im proud that because of their actions i get to live in a country where there are no sub-classes ireland has slightly worse corruption than england and , last i checked , around the same inequality . 
  the class system is alive and well in ireland , and it is n't going anywhere seeing as irish socialism pretty much died out before it had any effect . 
  definitely good that you are free though . 
  if you are gon na be fucked up the arse it may as well be by another irish bloke instead of an english one . 
   nd a further 126 were `` british '' soldiers - they were british soldiers whether they liked it or not . 
  check the legal details of joining the army . 
  no inverted commas necessary . 
  good post on everythign else though . 
  your diplomatic tone must be better than mine as when ever i try to explain the nuances i am always crucified by irish nationalists online who seem to care little for the facts . 
  including the fact that i completely support irish self-determination and only want ni to remain as long as those living there want to be part of the union . 
   the conflict was the result of discrimination against the irish nationalist minority by the british unionist majority this is highly fucking debatable . 
  not that discrimination happened but the idea that it was all the unionist side 's fault . 
  the nationalist were hardly angels . 
   the irish and british communities this is really starting to look like you have an agenda now . 
  just because the unionist irish want to continue the union does n't mean they are no less irish than the southerners . 
  also it might be unclear that most of the british unionist majority in northern ireland were irish people . 
  because morrissey is a massive prick . 
  yes the irish were cheating , no good , unloyal , oppourtunists who did n't care about the war effort at all . 
  can you blame them ? 
  there was literally no other way for them to get independence . 
  every bit of violence and disorder carried out post-indepndence is a vile act but what they did to acheive independence was done from necessity at a time that every country still acted unashamedly in their own interest . 
  ok fair point . 
  definitely true . 
  if they were all one faith of non-extremist islam than the whole region would be more peaceful and would n't be a hotbed for terrorists . 
  whereas if there was a whole variety of christian factions i think we would see a repeat of how those differing groups got along in medieval europe haha . 
  if we are generous we can say 440 for when christianity became politicised , i personally think you can argue earlier but i do n't want to waste time arguing that . 
  islam , as you say , was political from the start . 
  the commonly accepted date for it 's beginning is 622 . 
  so that gives about 200 years of ` extra ' political stuff to christianity infact . 
  it might not have been like it from the start but it has done it longer . 
  now to be fair certain christian groups did denounce the political side of their religion but they were minority groups until relatively recently ( 1800s ) . 
  even more funnily given you argument the people who disliked the centeralisation and temporal focus of the church were often imprisoned and killed . 
   . we do n't have to worry about people trying to live like jesus did , people trying to emulate muhammad are precisely the ones that end up blowing themselves up in a crowd full of people or beheading civilians in syria . 
  you are perfectly right and if both faiths a ) had that as their only rule and b ) people actually tried to emulate their prophets in everyway . 
  sadly it is n't that simple because many people either deliberately or accidentally ignore parts of their religion 's teachings . 
  for example christianity clearly says gay people should be killed , there is no wiggle room , unless you consider other rules ` cancel it out ' . 
  furthermoe both islam and christianity are no very personal religions ( although some smaller denominations are ) . 
  there are holy men who interpret the words of god . 
  in many cases disobeying them would be considered the same as disobeying god . 
  there are theological scholars who have shaped the way their religion has developed and so on . 
  many times these people have justified awful thigns . 
  no one taking part in the cruades or the inquistion ( to name the most notorious examples ) thougth they were not doing what jesus wanted , infact they thought they were doing god 's ( which of course is jesus ' to ) works . 
  the cry of the crusaders was famously ` deus vult ! ' . 
   if a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  and believing that is n't even disobeying the holy book , it 's right in there . 
  and then on top of that we have people who twist and fabricate the stories into whatever they want . 
  luckily for us most western christians come up with a nice ` hippy ' easy to follow interpretation now days . 
  and if christianity is fundamentally better how come it went islam was more violent ( muhammed ) , then christianity was worse for centuries , then christianity was better , then islam was starting to catch up , then stuff like ussr invasion of afghanistan set it back . 
  obviously massively over-simplified but if islam is fundamentally flawed how come it has been actually interpreted in a better way than christianity . 
  a big example being how islam allowed a lot more religious freedom and christian rulers were a lot more oppresive ? 
  anyone who studies history and think the majority of christians , even today , emulate jesus is wrong .
