  given that the article ( my first link above ) listed the statements presented and that all three had to be agreed with , i think it 's fairly safe to say that at least ten percent of our population are anti-semitic . 
  we have more of them than muslims . 
  it 's more . 
  my point was that the turkish society is comparably secular . 
  we just have to live with the fact that a significant part , probably the majority , of the world 's population holds some ideas that are dangerous and inherently incompatible with human rights . 
  as other comments have already pointed out , moronic ideas are really , really far spread . 
  there are close to a hundred million americans ( [ 28 % ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/1651/gay-lesbian-rights.aspx ) ) who want to make gay sex illegal and a similarly high number that takes the bible literal ( and there are things in that book that are in no way better than what the sharia says ) . 
  about half of americans also condone torture . 
  i ca n't find any representative polls on the subject , but if you read on the internet you find thousands , probably millions of westerners that want to nuke the middle east or commit genocide against lots of different groups they do n't like . 
  yet 99.9 % of these morons wo n't really do anything . 
  so you have to take these survey with a grain of salt . 
  condoning violence in a survey is not the same as actually joining a terrorist group and firing at civilians . 
  most people with fanatic opinions are just morons and do n't have really thought through what they say . 
  please do n't think i 'm underestimating the danger . 
  even if 99 percent of the morons that condone violence are actually harmless we 're still talking about millions that are n't . 
  i also know that fanatic ideas are a fertilizer for actually violent fanatics . 
  and i 'm certain that the percentage of potentially violent fanatics is much higher in the middle east than in europe . 
  but expecting world war iii soon to be ignited by a clash of cultures is n't rational either . 
  no , but there are other things americans believe that are really worrying . 
  [ 30 % take the bible as the actual word of god ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/148427/say-bible-literally.aspx ) . 
  and the bible contains phrases like this :  if a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  ( leviticus 20:13 ) in other words : `` execute all homos '' the problem is that many people either do n't really know what agreeing to some ancient text really means or have simply cherry-picked it in a way that better works with our modern world . 
  so saying that x-percent of people want sharia is n't remotely as conclusive as one would think . 
  only 43 % of turks who want the sharia want it to apply to non-muslims and so on . 
  20 % is generally about what 's quoted when it comes to german agreeing with the far right wing . 
  we have [ 15 to 20 % ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/antisemitismus-so-antijuedisch-sind-die-deutschen-a-869519.html ) with latent anti-semitic opinions or [ 23 % who want a single party that embodies or ethnic community ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/afd-und-rechtsextremismus-studie-stellt-zusammenhang-her-a-1003938.html ) . 
  the only reason the npd is n't part of our parliament ( bundestag ) is that they 're widely regarded as incompetent . 
  i 've long since accepted that most people hold some ideas that are incompatible with freedom and democracy . 
  we 'll have to hope they continue to cancel each other out . 
  20 % is the percentage that goes along with it . 
  only a very slight minority of people that condone violence would actually go through with it . 
  otherwise something like in paris would happen three times a day . 
  20 % is a huge number of morons , but it ' still very distinctly a minority . 
  turkey is far away from almost all other predominantly muslim countries . 
  only [ % 12 ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) of its muslim population wants to make the sharia actual law . 
  in britain that number is at [ 28 % ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk/6309983.stm ) . 
  yeah , locking them up would go a bit far . 
  banning them from attending football matches for the next ten years on the other hand seems something the turkish football league should consider . 
  no private organization is forced to allow douchebags on their premises . 
  yep . 
  the title is quite sensationalistic ( and technically wrong ) . 
   `` some 120 young men are from gothenburg city , which , in proportion to its population , contributes the highest number of people to violent extremism , '' bostr\u00f6m said . 
  g\u00f6teborg is quite small if you compare it to a city like paris . 
  you have about half a million people within the actual city and one million in the area . 
  paris on the other hand has a good two million people inside the city and twelve million in the area . 
  it is already a crime . 
  you only need to ** plan ** leaving to join isis to get thrown into jail . 
  no , but in that case they could choose between not getting any benefits in germany and at least some in poland . 
  the right to asylum is fundamental and it is n't possible to sent everyone back to save transit countries like some people here suggest , but that does n't mean there would be any significant legal or logistical problems with enforcing a european system . 
   of course it is . 
  do you really think they are coming for the weather ? 
  if i was a refugee and i got to choose between going to germany and cash in alot of benefits or poland and get none i would of course choose germany . 
  to say that these people do n't try to maximise their own standard of living is silly . 
  that 's the point . 
  they would have come to europe anyway - for decades there have been huge waves of refugees arriving and often staying in spain and italy - but since we have open borders they go a few extra miles to get to the countries that offer the most chances . 
  that 's why i think we need a pan-european system that distributes refugees . 
  of course not . 
  but since we were in the context of terrorism , i thought it would be the best thing to quote . 
  i could have cited life expectancy , infant mortality or gdp as well . 
  i know that it is extremely hard to impossible to accurately make the calculations you 'd need to make well-funded utilitarian decisions . 
  you might get around the survivor bias if you use historic data ( i.e. 
  plane hijacks before 2002 ) but yes we do n't really know what would happen . 
  i also mentioned that terrorism might cause a `` domino effect '' . 
  if i wanted to remain cynical i 'd probably say that there are ways to calculate the effects and convert the lost money in human lives , but that is beside the point . 
  i really did n't want to marginalize the suffering caused by acts of violence . 
  if i came over this way i sincerely apologize . 
  that was n't my intention . 
  i merely wanted to explain the concept and state that it is important to put things into context and make decisions based on reason . 
  after all it 's not absolutely ridiculous to say that the american reaction after 9/11 may have facilitated conditions that helped the rise of isis . 
  i think people here want to apply utilitarian principles . 
  the idea here seems to be that resources ( and attention ) should be allocated in the way that saves the most lives . 
  if the government knows that spending an additional million $ per year on cancer prevention will statistically save three people , but cutting the road safety budget will only kill two people , they should reallocate the money . 
  if this principle were applied universally it were likely that things like airport security would loose funding . 
  i know this is a very cynical way to think , but i 'd find it hard to tell someone with terminal cancer that his death matters less . 
  if terrorism had the same fatalities-prevented-per-dollar-spent-curve , you could say that in western europe you 'd need about 50 fatalities per million people and year to make it as big of an issue as traffic related deaths . 
  anyway , in the real world we do n't have perfect information and therefore only have a very faint idea of what our actions will unleash or prevent . 
  i do n't know whether it 's even possible to calculate the economics behind things like this , but if it is , you certainly could write a phd thesis about it . 
  things like crime and terrorism are especially hard to calculate because there is no guarantee their effects wo n't include a domino effect of destabilized governments . 
  i understand the sentiment and i agree with you that it would be cold hearted to simply go on like nothing happened . 
  in case of an intentional attack by other humans the victims probably have more need of solidarity than in an accident that no one wanted to happen . 
  on the other hand it may be this sentiment that makes terrorism a viable tool for fanatics . 
  if most people were cold , rational and wrote off victims of terrorism the way most people write off cancer fatalities , acts like this would lose their potential to influence politics . 
  i do n't know whether that would stop religious fanatics but it would certainly be enough to deter people looking for herostratic fame , e.g. 
  school shooters . 
  and things are n't really getting worse . 
  the murder rate in most eu countries has [ decreased drastically ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate_by_decade ) in the last 20 years . 
  i do n't think there has ever been such a peaceful time in europe and the world as there is now . 
  the only difference is that today mass media and the internet make us notice things that are further away than the nearest village . 
   do you think germany could take in 40 million refugees and pay them all welfare ? 
  no , of course we can not . 
  that 's why there are already measures in place to discourage migration , e.g. 
  changing cash benefits to in-kind benefits and stricter application of existing rules . 
  it might also be possible to actually cut benefits for people who 's request for asylum has n't been approved yet . 
  the convenient thing for countries like germany or sweden is that it is more or less impossible to come here without going through other eu countries first . 
  so sending people back via the dublin regulation is always possible . 
  if you asked me it would make more sense to set up ( pre approval ) shelters in the southern countries where the cost of living is lower and have them paid for by the richer northern countries . 
  and integrating a few million refugees ( luckily for us most people from syria and iraq are still there ) should n't be too much of an issue for europe in its entirety . 
  it 's also not really fair to say that comparably generous benefits in germany or sweden are the reason for migration into europe . 
  each and every eu state offers magnitudes more chances and opportunities than syria or overfilled camps in turkey . 
  tens of millions of people have illegally entered the usa even though they hardly receive any benefits there .
