  bild is far from being a trustworthy source ... 
  usually that is what would happen . 
  unfortunately the iraq has the death penalty , hence he could n't be deported . 
  human rights apply to every member of our species , even the most repugnant ones . 
  enduring people like him is the price one pays for being morally superior . 
  some will , some wo n't . 
  especially if the economy in the balkans improves . 
  the ones that stay despite their application for asylum having been denied are usually `` tolerated '' ( geduldet ) because they have already managed to integrate . 
  we have a shrinking population and need a few hundred thousand extra people per year anyway . 
  so some staying is actually a good thing . 
  yes , we might have been able to attract people with more marketable skill sets if we had set up a point based system like in canada and australia and yes , integrating so many new people will be tough but we 'll manage . 
  these changes had been planned for months . 
  long before the crisis became this immanent . 
  i also doubt it will decrease the number of people eligible very much . 
  people from kosovo etc. 
  were n't eligible anyway - the new law only makes deporting them easier and faster - and people with a valid claim to asylum ( depending who you ask that 's in the ballpark of 20-50 % ) will still get to stay . 
  in short : the police was called to the scene because he threatened pedestrians with a knife and then proceeded to attack a police officer , which lead to him being shot and killed . 
  the officer was severely injured ( apparently not only by the knife but also a bullet going through the attacker ) . 
  the attacker had already been convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison in 2008 for membership in a terrorist organization in [ 2004 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/ansar-al-islam-in-germany-iraqis-convicted-of-allawi-assasination-plot-a-565930.html ) ( english link ) and had to wear an ankle monitor which he removed the morning he was shot . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm actually not sure whether having enough agreeing countries is the issue or whether it 's about having enough countries willing to create further tensions . 
  forcing other countries via a qualified majority is usually an ultima ratio . 
  if germany unilaterally decides to * break * the agreements , that would indeed be potentially disastrous . 
  if , however , merkel manages to get a qualified majority in ep and ec , we would only be talking about amending previous deals in a way that has been agreed on by every single member of the eu . 
  in this case there is no need to break any rules because rules to change rules do indeed exist . 
  and in some cases that only requires a [ qualified majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_nice_.282003.e2.80.932014.2f2017.29 ) . 
  well , if it 's charity it i 'd see no issue in using the money for people that need it more ...  quota system is eu council decision , agreed . 
  so it comes back to either accepting the benefits of the eu along with ( perceived ) disadvantages . 
  if a majority of members wants a quota and is willing to force it through council and parliament , it will happen . 
  that 's just how democracy works . 
  the needs and wishes of the many outweigh the few 's . 
  i also think you 're exaggerating the issues we have with our muslim immigrants . 
  the ones over here are on average much more liberal and open minded than the people in their / their parents home countries . 
  on a a liberal-to-conservative scale probably closer to liberal ( and to the average german ) than the average pole . 
  at least with issues like same sex marriage . 
  all in all integration works . 
  not as good as it should or as good as with immigrants from eastern europe ( most of which have already merged with the general population ) , but it 's manageable . 
  please do n't accuse me of being emotional about the issue . 
  i tend to be as calculating as it comes . 
  the point is that even with a purely utiliteristian approach paying for people already in europe makes sense . 
  yes , them being accommodated here or saved from drowning may tempt others to follow , but that wo n't be enough to warrant the suffering of millions . 
  especially since winter is going to stop most of the migration anyway . 
  yes , in the long run tightly sealed borders and treaties with countries south of the mediterranean sea would probably be better and cheaper , but in the short term this is n't an option . 
  so , okay let 's keep it at that . 
  i was nice to have a civil discussion with someone i disagree with . 
  no , but they are in agreement . 
  especially italy which would profit immensely . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/03/germany-france-eu-refugee-quotas-migration-crisis http://www.dw.com/en/germany-italy-push-europe-to-accept-refugee-quota/a-18462904, 
  well , if i were your government i 'd make that part of the deal . 
  the eu rules were meant to create a system of solidarity between the member states . 
  otherwise it could have remained a pure trade union . 
  setting up a system that forces the richer members to finance programs in the poorer states meets the very definition of a solidarity system . 
  towards nordsteam , i was never a fan of the project either and simply building a land-based pipeline through the baltics and poland would have circumvented belarus and ukraine just as good and probably have been safer and cheaper . 
  so i can somewhat understand your criticism , but i do n't think the issue is as significant as you make it out to be . 
  if russia decided to cut off the baltics but continue to supply us , we 'd hopefully either start buying on the world market ( our reserves last a winter so switching is doable ) or simply resell the gas . 
  if not , that would indeed be a despicable lack of solidarity . 
  you also can not get welfare here if you do n't have a permanent residence permit . 
  these , however , are only granted to eu-citizens and a few valuable workers . 
  so hungary would have to make all refugees citizens and even that only works if the refugee manages to find work . 
  so letting hungary ( and italy and greece ) solve the problem on their own is indeed an option . 
  we 'd probably get quite a lot of illegal aliens , but no one that would have to be provided for . 
  i also do n't understand how you conciliate your assumption that any refugees shipped to poland would immediately leave , with your fear of tens of thousands of further family members arriving . 
  the one possibility excludes the other . 
  by the way , at least in ppp poland is already one of the richer countries in the world and the difference to germany is n't even a factor of two any more . 
  i would hope the billions my government transfers each year to decrease differences in the standard of living would count as solidarity . 
  as for nordstream , as far as i understood it was built because we did n't want to be a pawn in russia 's conflicts with ukraine ( well , that did n't really work ) . 
  so , apart from economic reasons ( transit fees , but that 's just business ) i 'm not entirely certain why you criticise it . 
  back towards refugees : the point is that according to the dublin regulation that poland signed , the member state in which the asylum seeker sets his first foot on european soil is responsible for accommodation and processing . 
  so if we really wanted to enforce it , we could sent all refugees coming via eastern eu states back and said states would be legally required to provide for them . 
  germany 's strategic position in the middle of the eu would effectively render us responsible for next to no one . 
  i 'm also not sure why you always assume that everyone coming is an economic refugee . 
  they may be the majority but there are still hundred of thousands that fulfil the requirements to be recognized as refugees . 
  almost anyone from syria does . 
  as to the real economic refugees , they will likely be the majority of the 12 000 that would be assigned to poland and everyone would be okay with deporting them as soon as possible . 
  so , yeah 12 000 is likely not to be more than 12 000 in the long run . 
  no , i 'm not saying that . 
  the point is that it 's not far fetched to expect that a quota would pass the european parliament and council . 
  it 's not only germany that wants a quota but also france and italy . 
  together with smaller proponents like austria , sweden and greece that is already half the population . 
  so all that misses for a qualified majority is tweaking the plan a little to fit the interest of spain and other undecided players . 
  in a democracy the minority has to obey to the majority 's rules and sanctions to enforce these rules are not only possible but an inherently necessary concept . 
  given that poland is part of the eu its sovereignty is somewhat limited . 
  you can not join a federation and act surprised if you 're called to help when a problem arises . 
  the eu has supranational institutions that have the right to overrule national law in many areas . 
  if these institutions passed a directive requiring poland to take in refugees , their only option would be to leave . 
  boasting about not being worse than saudi arabia in terms of human rights is like stating that one is n't worse at spelling than an average first grader . 
  i said it could be understood that way , not that you meant it like that . 
  and , admittedly , my ( mis ) understanding of the word ` abide ' which i confused with ` abide by ' might have something to do with me saying what i said . 
  ( your reference to `` when in rome do as the romans do '' sounds a little like asking for conformity , too ; but yeah , sorry ) . 
  i also get , that merkel 's statements may be misunderstood abroad . 
  the problem is that she hardly could say anything else - asylum is a human right and if a syrian asks for asylum , there is n't a country in europe that could legally refuse him . 
  other refugees may not have a right to stay but they have a right to due process . 
  combine that with our recent problems with right wing terrorists and she does n't really have a choice but to sound welcoming . 
  our foreign ministry has already started to run ad campaigns to stop people from safe countries travelling here . 
  i agree with you that we need to process people faster and deport those that do n't need protection , but i fail to understand why it would be so bad if we started to distribute people via a quota . 
  most would still end up in germany since any such quota would be determined by gdp . 
  if there is no such agreement the schengen-area wo n't persist and we close our borders or the very least go back to enforcing the dublin regulation . 
  given that poland does indeed have an exterior border and you might actually get more refugees that way . 
  romania and bulgaria certainly will . 
  so is it really that much to ask that all countries do at least something to handle this issue ?
