  migration from poor to rich and from war-torn to peaceful countries has always been a thing and will always be . 
  my point is n't that we should accommodate each and everyone but that we need find a way to help the ones that are really deserving of asylum , share the burden in the eu and find ways to discourage economic migration . 
  i just do n't want any panic-guided measures that sacrifice human rights and may not even work . 
   yes , but any country could easily change the laws . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't have the time to look up the ecj ruling in full text , but as far as i understood the articles about it , people who have worked for some years in another eu country have the same welfare rights as citizens . 
   i 'm pretty sure that germany are n't legally obligated according to their constitutional law to give alot of welfare to non-citizens . 
  they could probably also change their laws . 
  nope . 
  that ruling was based on parts in our constitution that are n't changeable . 
  it 's legally possible and reasonable to give asylum seekers food , clothing etc. 
  instead of cash , but the sum may not substantially differ from what germans would get . 
  yes , eu migrants are n't immediately entitled to welfare . 
  anyone who 's a resident however is entitled to welfare . 
  as far as i understand [ this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-can-cut-welfare-for-jobless-eu-nationals-court-rules/a-18715169 ) working in a country for more than a year gives you the right to welfare . 
  anyway this is about eu citizens who by definition always have the option to go home . 
  asylum seekers are a bit more tricky . 
  i know that in germany a verfassungsgericht/supreme court ruling in 2012 entitled asylum seekers to the same level of benefits as other welfare recipients . 
  i 've to admit that i have n't found a ruling applying to all of europe . 
  on the other hand , there 's still no country in europe that has stopped providing shelter for asylum seekers , so i guess it has to be mandatory . 
  maybe . 
  but freedom of movement for people and goods is also a thing . 
  so while countries outside schengen do n't have cease border controls they 're not entirely free to close their borders either . 
  yes , but the eu treaties state that countries are free to set their own migration policies . 
  so joining the eu means that you 'll have to live with your neighbours decisions regarding these topics . 
  i never said that there was any ( legal ) obligation to keep borders open . 
  otherwise hungary and consorts would be in deep shit for building fences . 
  heck , spain had its exclaves in africa fenced in for decades . 
  but fences only work so well and there 's still the mediterannian sea . 
  being on board of a european ship is probably enough to apply for asylum . 
  in international waters ships are more or less considered territory of their country . 
  ( i am not expert in maritime law , though ) welfare on the other hand is probably mandatory in most eu countries . 
  discrimination based on heritage is forbidden , hence the only way to abolish it for refugees is to abolish it for you citizens as well . 
   why do n't we ask the german people directly if they want more refugees ? 
  because our constitution does n't allow plebiscites . 
  edit : on a federal level and on topics like this, 
  there is a difference between being against increased voluntary/economic migration and being against sheltering refugees . 
  most germans do n't * want * additional refugees but there 's also a vast majority in favour of allowing people with approved asylum requests to stay . 
  [ 63 % ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/fluechtlingskrise/viele-deutsche-gegen-angela-merkels-fluechtlingspolitik-13910248.html ) are even in favour of continuing to give out visas for family members of approved refugees . 
  rights do n't get voted on . 
  abolishing the right to asylum would requite to : - dissolve the eu ( since the charta guarantees these rights ) - abolish or drastically change most european constitutions - break several international treaties and even that might not be enough in some states . 
  in germany the government is legally mandated to uphold human rights under any circumstance , so they would not only be allowed to ignore the populations request to scrap the right to asylum but compelled to suppress it . 
  whether one likes it or not there is no easy way to end the refugee crisis . 
  i do n't think we have run out of inequality and discrimination in their entirety . 
  there is just so much less that a more delicate , careful and nuanced approach has become necessary . 
  many activists on all sides seem to have missed that . 
  the law against holocaust denial was only passed in 1985 when most former nazis were already retired . 
  i believe it may have been covered by other laws before , but they were n't as strict . 
  that said , the last time we did n't lock up fanatic agitators we ended up with half the world in ashes . 
  so if there 's any kind of speech at all that should be forbidden it 's this . 
  from what i remember when i last visited a concentration camp memorial , a huge portion of inmates ( basically all in camps on german soil ) did n't die of direct violence but from malnutrition and overworking . 
  it was called `` vernichtung durch arbeit [ exetermination through labour ] '' . 
  downplaying would hardly mean to discuss whether there were five or seven million victims , but something like saying that there were only a few hundred thousands or that the genocide was n't intentional . 
  and turkey happens to have the second largest army within the nato ... 
  some people here also do n't seem to realize that accepting refugees at your doorstep is mandated by the charter of fundamental rights of the european union . 
  our politicians could n't refuse asylum seekers if they wanted to . 
   turkey would be in blatant violation of international law which law do you speak of ? 
  as far as i know dublin regulation only applies to members of the eu and any other country does n't have any obligation whatsoever to take back people that are n't its citizens . 
   yet by doing so they perpetuate the practice . 
  the practice in itself is only a symptom of the problem . 
  while the test is a serious infraction in sexual self determination , the root of the problem is that fundamentalists do n't want to infringe in their children 's right but to abolish it altogether . 
  so lying to the parents and issuing a fake certificate of virginity ( without actually doing a test ) is the best way for doctors to protect their patient and her rights . 
  informing the parents about the illegality of the practice will only make them go to another doctor . 
  it effectively strips the parents of one tool to infringe on their doctors rights . 
  of course parents and doctors actually participating in the practice should face criminal charges , but agreeing to do such a test is no proof that the respecting doctors actually intended to follow through . 
  yes , / u/petroliumcrystals ' assumption that most doctors would only do a fake test is a speculation , but so is your assumption they would n't . 
  the journalists mentioned in the article ( understandably ) do n't seem to have gone far enough to find out . 
  an european army is indeed a daydream of mine . 
  the current state of small armies is just a huge waste of money . 
  they 're actually fairly open about what they do ( well compared to other secret services and only because they have to ) . 
  as far as i know they only filter the data and delete everything that does n't contain certain keywords ( i.e. 
  is on a selector list such as the one this thread is about ) . 
  arguing against the benefits of the marshal plan is n't very reasonable . 
  of course building a ` wall ' against communism and strengthening the world 's economy was part of the plan . 
  but for ( western ) germany it worked out splendidly . 
  american charities also played an important role in providing food for the german population directly after ww2 . 
  so there 's a reason why older people are generally quite fond of the usa . 
  for an invading force you were probably quite nice . 
  especially since you freed us from the probably most repressive regime in history . 
  but while we should n't forget the past , today other topics are more significant to how a nation is regarded . 
  and the spying thing is something that made a lot of germany , including me , very angry . 
  if i was tried in a german court for wire-taping my neighbours phone i 'd probably get a sentence comparable to what i 'd get if i broke into his home and stole his tv . 
  so from my perspective thousands of american government officials are just a bunch of criminals . 
  now you can of course argue that the bnd and maybe other german agencies did and do similar things . 
  that however would completely disregard the extend to which it is and was done and how much it was institutionalized . 
  if the bnd was caught intentionally spying on us officials that action would be most certainly illegal by our laws and might actually get the ones involved locked up . 
  of course that is no guarantee they will always follow the law , but at least there is one . 
  so i think it 's fair to say that the us did n't actually treat its allies with a lot of respect . 
  the disregard we perceived for europeans outside the coalition of the willing ( `` freedom fries '' ) is n't forgotten either . 
  towards the spending for security . 
  well the us does share some intelligence with our agencies and they have much more information than we do . 
  on the other hand you might need ours more , especially since germany is much less of a target than the us . 
  there has been exactly one fatality in islamist terrorist attacks on german soil and the victim was an american soldier . 
  the issue with military bases is another one . 
  they 're somewhat paid for by the german government ( only a few hundred million euro per year to sustain the buildings ) . 
  i actually do n't think we need the us against a threat from russia . 
  the eu 's combined military budgets are several times higher than russia 's and both france an the uk have functional nuclear arsenals . 
  of course without nato lots of things would have to change on both sides of the atlantic and germany would probably have to increase it 's military spending a bit , but not nearly as much as one might think . 
  in the end i think , america has to first decide whether or not it wants to be tightly involved with world 's affairs and secondly if it wants close allies or not . 
  the current neither-nor that gets readjusted every four to eight years without ever fundamentally changing does n't help .
