  i do n't understand it either . 
  for me a sentence is sufficient if it makes committing the crime a bad decision in hindsight , i.e. 
  is hard enough to be an effective deterrent . 
  i also do n't think it makes sense to sentence people for outcomes of their crime that they could n't anticipate . 
  punishing bad luck is idiotic . 
  punishment for putting people in harms way ( the driver must have known that there was a risk ) however , makes sense . 
  but it 's still a huge difference whether you 're risking someone 's life ( everyone who ever went above the speed limit has done it on a small scale ) or knowingly let someone suffocate to avoid detection . 
  do what ? 
  as far as i know we 're still paying less than denmark ... 
   get money for doing nothing !, 
  because letting people starve is n't acceptable . 
  i also think that a coordinated approach towards the issue would be a good idea . 
  on the other hand i would say that disregarding the dublin regulation is a step in the right direction . 
  unlike the uk ( and other european countries ) sweden did n't have a lot of immigration until fairly recently . 
  so the number of 2nd and 3rd generation ` immigrants ' is comparably low . 
   implying that left-extremist symbolism is o.k. 
  no , but with the current state of affairs the right wing morons are the bigger threat than the left wing ones . 
  at least in germany no one has been killed by a left-wing terrorist since 1993 but we had dozens of victims of right wing terrorism since ( most recently the [ nsu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) and arson attacks on asylums centres ) . 
  i 'm not fond of violent left wingers throwing rocks at the police either , but at the moment the people wanting to abolish freedom of religion and other human rights appear to be much more numerous . 
  that 's probably because they use polish warehouses for distribution if the german workers are on strike ( and increasingly if they 're not ) . 
  they need to keep someone happy . 
  anyway , i do n't think amazon 's wages are low enough to be immoral . 
  $ 10-13 is n't exactly much by german standards , but it 's still above minimum wage and most warehouses are in rather poor areas with high unemployment . 
  so from my perspective the argument between amazon and ver.di is just two participants of a free market negotiating . 
  spain and portugal got upgraded a colour shade as well . 
  building 's do n't have immunity , but states kind of have : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_immunity basically , international law forbids courts from ruling against foreign countries . 
  not that it does n't happen quite a lot , but as far as i understand it the swedish court overstepped it 's jurisdiction . 
  it wo n't stop any hypochondriacs , but it 's still a step in the right direction . 
  a third party website might at least in some cases give reasonable advice while an ad for drugs per definition encourages people to drug themselves . 
  i 'd say that 's good enough . 
  while some supplements can be harmful when taken in overdose , most are rather harmless . 
  it 's practically impossible to overdose on vitamin c. take a just a couple grams paracetamol too much on the other hand and you 're lucky if you end up in the hospital and not the morgue . 
  countries usually define a list of crimes that are not only on its soil but also for its citizens . 
  that usually includes murder , maybe gender mutilation and the like but seldom smoking pot . 
  then there are crimes that can be prosecuted even if they were committed on foreign soil by a non-citizen . 
  but that 's mostly for war crimes . 
  but even in their case rehabilitation should be a target ( in europe it 's not legally possible to keep people in prison for life without the chance of parole , though many countries have not yet implemented that into law ) . 
  especially in case of terrorists it should remain the goal to change their views . 
  a locked up fanatic still functions as a martyr and his ideas may inspire followers . 
  some old guy released after decades in prison who just tries to avoid attention on the other hand is a symbol for an idea that has died . 
  to be fair , romania has about half the population size of poland , so the difference is n't that big . 
  granted the gdp difference is a bit larger but still , were not talking about orders of magnitudes here . 
  to be fair , they also could have accurately reported that five billion years ago , or whenever earth was first bombarded with cosmic radiation . 
  if people are distributed via a quota and registered with their fingerprint you can place them where ever you want . 
  sure they will be physically able to travel , but if they only get welfare in their destination country that wo n't be much of a problem . 
  to be fair , merkel 's cdu was a driving force in setting strict austerity rules and is now comparably generous to refugees . 
  i wish she had been at least a bit more generous back than , but that does n't change the fact that accommodating refugees is a moral obligation . 
  no one likes to spent the billions it will cost , but doing the right thing does n't always come cheap . 
  yes , there is uncertainty in it . 
  although probably not as much as you might think . 
  if you ask if someone does something automatically you 're asking them whether they consider it unusual if the do n't get the chance . 
  people `` falling between the cracks '' of the definition are not that problematic because in most cases they do n't skew the numbers . 
  if you have a large enough sample size things tend to cancel each other out . 
  so at least you the differences between countries should roughly mirror the truth . 
  i have n't read the question ( and i do n't speak dutch for example ) but according to the article it was phrased very clearly :  participants were asked whether they wash their hands automatically with water and soap after going to the toilet ( which has been shown to decrease the risk of contracting contagious diseases , especially in children ) . 
  here 's the applying law : https://dejure.org/gesetze/aufenthg/29.html ( i hope you can understand it , german is my first language and i find it annoying to read , even when compared with other laws ) as far as i know , spouses of foreigners with permanent residency are still entitled to live here . 
  the only requirement is learning some german beforehand . 
  but they only require a1 , i.e. 
  being able to say what your name is and where you 're from . 
  so nothing one could n't to in a week of full-time studying . 
  okay , i 'd call that a conspiracy theory ... 
  i can understand that you assume that scientists choose questions and explanations fitting their agendas , but making something like this up would require falsifying data on a major scale . 
  i do n't think we 're that corrupt . 
  that might explain a lot . 
  here parties vote on their candidates internally . 
  do they always manage to tone it down later on ? 
  i imagine it might sometimes be hard to close the ` pandora 's box ' once it has been opened . 
   military should be cut by at least 75 % that would ( per % of gdp ) about as much as we 're spending ... not exactly much but yeah , very helpful if you do n't want any adventures . 
  i 'm actually not too sure whether your politicians are more sociopathic than ours ... 
  it might just be that appearing loud and angry does n't get you voted in here so they try to appear calmer . 
  sure . 
  but the size of the us provide an enormous advantage . 
  in europe you 're usually making a survey for a single country since the client that ordered the survey is only interested in one country 's data . 
  a survey in the us does n't need a bigger sample size than in germany , but you 'll have data about 320 million people and not 80 . 
  that increases both the value of your data and the number of potential buyers . 
  so it 's just much more likely for a niche topic to be covered in the us than in europe . 
  additionally our politics appear to be more dull than in the us . 
  it 's hard to describe or define but i think we have less ` hot topics ' people get emotional about . 
  in germany the party system also makes it hard for people with extreme opinions to get elected . 
  so there 's less value in researching them . 
  this might change soon ( we 're currently in the process of getting our own anti-immigrant-right-wing party ) . 
  so i could easily find surveys about gay marriage etc but anything fancy is hard . 
  i tried to find how many germans want to make homosexuality illegal again , but could only find the ( badly sourced ) number of 42 % for people wanting to ban for males it if juveniles are involved . 
  no idea whether these people want to raise the age of consent or actually make it illegal . 
  you 're kind of perfect for my point . 
  not as reasonable as let 's say norway , but certainly not a war torn failed state . 
  plus , it 's really hard to get data about confrontational issues from other countries . 
   yeah , we americans are pretty fucked in the head the point is that being a little fucked in the head is actually quite normal . 
  sure crazy people seem to be more numerous in some countries and the middle east seems to be hosting a world congregation of lunatics this century , but neither extremism not religious fanaticism are exclusively muslim or middle eastern . 
  societies in general seem to have quite a strong stomach when it comes to dealing with extremists . 
  if that were n't the case we 'd all be dead yet . 
  hence i do n't think there 's any reason to panic . 
  compared to the first half of the last century ( or any century before ) this world is a shining example of reason and peace . 
  yep . 
  if i had known how this would be taken i 'd have included further disclaimers ... 
   never one meet a antisemitic person , but maybe i meet the wrong / right persons . 
  these opinions are widely despised in society so people tend to be careful about sharing their opinion . 
  20 % is also the number of people being ` latently ' anti-semitic . 
  only nine percent were distinctly anti-semetic . 
  that on the other hand is likely underestimating the real number because any people try to conceil their opinion .
