i doubt a terrorist ( who by definition has to have already illegally entered the eu to apply for asylum ) will go through the trouble of registering with the authorities . 
  and new fingerprints . 
  that part might be slightly harder ... 
   so at least he must have some political instinct . 
  he became mayor in a city of 6000 people . 
  from what i 've seen and heard of politicians working on a municipal level ... well , let 's say there are few things that would surprise me . 
  on a public relations scale the mayor 's idea was moronic . 
  on a fiscal scale however he might not have been wrong . 
  converting a building the city already owns is cheaper than finding and acquiring a new one . 
  given that it is the countryside the tenant also should n't have too many problems with finding a new home . 
  so it 's not unthinkable that it was just a naive , number-based decision by an low level politician who wanted to save taxpayer money . 
  a dumb decision , but i would n't assume malevolence . 
   either way , this is devolved into a dick measuring contest . 
  so like 99.9 % of reddit discussions ? 
  anyway , i disagree with your assumption that foreign aid did n't work - even if most of it sinks in a swamp of corruption what stays is still enough to save millions - but it was nice to argue with you . 
  my point was that countries like the france , germany and the especially the uk give more than the us . 
  i also argued that the us aid is n't especially impressive . 
  the [ target for development aid ] ( http://www.oecd.org/dac/stats/the07odagnitarget-ahistory.htm ) was set at 0.7 percent in 1970 and adopted by the general assembly . 
  i think it 's a disgrace for every developed country that has n't met the target yet . 
  my homeland is slightly closer to the target than yours , but that 's a distinction between bad and worse . 
  i know the us provides free primary and secondary education . 
  i also know that colleges get a lot of state money . 
  i was simply referring to the fact that these are institutions a lot of money gets donated to . 
  please stop accusing me of saying/implying things that were nowhere in my post . 
  here 's a statistic with both private and official aid : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=table1 private grants from the us are at about 22 billion , from germany 1.4 . 
  if we add this up with state sponsored aid , that would put the us at about about 0,33 % ( 0,022 +0,033 / 16770 ) , which is fairly close to the total from france and germany ( about 0.4 % ) bottom line is that the scandinavian countries are once again setting an example more should follow . 
  edit : where the fuck do i claim an american-german status ? 
  if i hover the mouse pointer over my flair it only says ` germany ' , just as i intended . 
  you are aware that the us still has a [ higher per capita gdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita ) than all european countries with the exception of norway , luxembourg and switzerland ? 
  the charitable donations in the us are indeed impressing . 
  however most of the money is used to run homeless shelters , provide education , medical care or similar things inside the us . 
  almost all of these things are paid by the government here , so you ca n't really compare it . 
  i did n't say you were going to isolate the us . 
  towards the military . 
  it is n't really a standard not to intervene . 
  most european countries are part of several un missions etc. 
  it 's just not standard to do it single handedly . 
  i also did n't say the us should increase its development aid to the range of trillions . 
  the 33 billion you paid in 2013 , however are n't much . 
  in terms of [ gpd-percentage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid#official_development_assistance_by_country_as_a_percentage_of_gross_national_income_in_2013 ) countries like germany and france pay twice , the scandinavia countries even five times as much . 
  i know that the us pay development aid . 
  however , billions of dollars is n't that much for the greatest economic power on earth . 
  per capita your ( state sponsored ) humanitarian aid is rather meager . 
  the problem is also not so much the lack of money , but the fact that the humanitarian efforts are dwarfed by the efforts the us take with their military . 
  if you spent billions on aid but trillions on wars the former is likely forgotten . 
  if i 'm not mistaken most american aid is actually meant to arm foreign countries ( israel , pakistan , egypt ... ) . 
  my point is n't that the us should try to isolate themselves completely from the rest of the world , that does n't work in our day and age . 
  limiting your involvement however and only taking military actions when it 's part of a big , international coalition and sanctioned by the un is probably a good idea . 
  well , at least in case of iraqis and maybe syrians , i 'd consider the usa morally obliged to help . 
  it 's hard to deny that america 's invasion of iraq did lead to immeasurable suffering for millions of civilians , so any help towards people now leaving the country is nothing but a form of compensation . 
  but even in countries where such a moral obligation does n't exist , it might in your own interest to help . 
  if someone considers you his enemy he 's likely to try to cause you harm . 
  this ubiquitous hatred is what gives terrorists the means to gather supporters . 
  america has spent trillions of dollars to be feared by its enemies . 
  maybe it would be cheaper to try to be liked . 
  well , the drop from 2000 to 2002 might have had something to do with invading afghanistan ( which was probably inevitable given the taliban sheltered terrorists ) . 
  anyway , much more important than why the us are so unpopular in many parts of the world is how this can be changed . 
  since neither military action ( afghanistan , iraq ) nor delivering weapons ( pakistan ) seem to have been very effective , it might be a good idea to try out humanitarian aid for a change . 
   the us is widely hated in the middle east which only makes humanitarian aid an even better idea . 
  i mean , my grandfather still loves the usa because of the aid programs american citizens ran in germany in 1947 . 
  yes , but the ones from syria are than ones that get to stay . 
  people from kosovo and other non-civil-war countries usually do n't get asylum which means they can be deported . 
  yes , if they were only fighting against the morons setting up a ` sharia police ' or similar fanatics i would n't mind them at all . 
  the problem is that they attack muslims as a group . 
  they have protested the building of mosques , according to [ wikipedia ) ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stop_islamisation_of_denmark ) . 
  i do n't see how people practising their religion equates to forcing others to adhere to their rules . 
  so `` anti-islam '' is a label they have duly earned . 
  but - as with this one - none quantifies the problem . 
  it 's probably still safe to say that there is a serious problem . 
  the pictures in question are [ caricatures ] ( http://www.aina.org/releases/20060201143237.htm= ) and most do offer a view on the subject that goes beyond name calling . 
  given that there is an islamophobic group behind this exhibition , it 's probably still a pathetic cry for attention , but equating caricatures with actions purely meant to be insulting ( like burning books etc. ), 
  is n't fair either . 
  its name is `` stop islamiseringen af danmark '' so i 'm pretty sure calling it an `` anti-islam '' group is warranted . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with anyone caricaturing islam or any other religion , but that does n't change the fact that this groups agenda is a sinister one . 
  freedom of religion is a fundamental right and protesting muslims in general - instead of focusing on the fanatics - will only help the fundamentalists among them to gather more supporters . 
  i 've most of my knowledge in that matter from university and reading the rather anti-big-government economist , so i might be biased , but i 'll try to keep this neutral . 
  in case of the minimum wage you 'll find a lot of different opinions and sources : https://scholar.google.de/scholar?hl=de&amp;q=minimum+wage+unemployment&amp;btng=&amp;lr= here is an overview by the australian equivalent of the bbc : http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-03-12/minimum-wage/6290482 bottom line : a negative impact is fairly certain for young workers and maybe unskilled ones , but small to non-existent if you regard the entire market . 
  most studies focus on the usa however , and their minimum wage is quite low compared to western european levels the welfare part is ( maybe ) a bit less controversial , so you can find sources like this : http://www.nber.org/papers/w19499 i personally argue with the fact that the unemployment rate in the usa ( which only have a fairly low minimum wage and less social security than most of western europe ) tends to be lower than in europe . 
  employment protection laws might play a role as well . 
  if you regard countries with high unemployment and comparibly generous welfare , cuts appear much more likely to be helpful than in countries were the social security net was weak in the first place . 
  the german reforms in the early 21th century ( agenda 2010 , hartziv ) seem to have had quite some success . 
  so it makes sense the the imf and the world bank often ask for these types of reforms before granting loans . 
  that does n't mean i 'm in favour of slashing the minimum wage or dismantling welfare programs . 
  i like those . 
  they just do n't come for free . 
  cutting welfare is actually what 's usually imposed with austerity . 
  in case of government sponsored programs you 're right of course . 
  once again , i do n't think it would be a good idea to sanction countries for unemployment . 
  i 'm just saying it 's possible . 
  the process is a bit longer and more complicated ( e.g. 
  countries first get a warning and then probation etc. ), 
  so sanctions would probably not even happen if the commission brought charges , but yeah doing something in that direction would n't be that bad of an idea . 
  especially since the low euro increases exports even more . 
  however , please do n't forget that without the euro-crisis ( which we did n't cause , prolonged maybe , but we did n't start it ) our trade surplus would likely be lower . 
  edit : i 'm not even sure that you ca n't force a country to cut unemployment . 
  i do n't know whether rules of this sort exist ( and i do n't think they should ) , but it 's almost always possible to cut unemployment by reducing welfare and abolishing the minimum wage or running government sponsored employment programs . 
   i am sick and tired of giving rights to those who want to take away those rights in the first so am i. 
  but i 'd rather die than become like them . 
  any step in that direction leads to a slippery slope from which i want to stay as far away as possible . 
  was that really necessary ?
