it 's a european union requirement now as well, 
  there 's a hotel tax in barcelona, 
  you forgot boring , 
  the figures are seasonally adjusted , and the number of social security contributors has been increasing, 
  even the non uht milk in spain is generally horrible , in my office they have a coffee machine with powdered uht milk , and they wonder why i wo n't drink that shit !, 
  relatively good unemployment benefits , seasonal working , black economy, 
  we have amazon prime now in barcelona , i ordered a new kindle last week and it was in my hand in 35 minutes, 
  it 's cloudy today , there 's going to be a huge thunderstorm in the next three days, 
  spain has a low emigration rate, 
  bullshit , build higher density properties , people manage elsewhere at much higher densities, 
  it 's much more complicated than the uk government seems to think it is, 
  it 's not bullying, 
  the v4 represent about 10 % of the gdp of your supposed core eu countries , 9.5 tn to about 850bn . 
  what kind of divorce deal do you think you 're getting , and you think you 're getting the kids ? 
  lol, 
  there are more people in catalonia than in each of denmark , norway and finland , are they shitty little failed states ? 
  there 's a rewilding project on an estate in scotland that wants to bring back bears and wolves amongst other things, 
  there are bears in northern spain , not many , less that 200, 
  already in progress http://ufmsecretariat.org/, 
  which is higher uk productivity or romanian ? 
  why would it ? 
  whole not hole , 
  you 'll get used to it, 
  funnily enough a co-worker asked if i 'd been to the beach last night as i was looking a bit pink ... 
  i was n't complaining about people taking my job ? 
  if a non local language speaking british person that refuses to integrate can take your job you must be pretty shit at it ... 
  spain ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  they 're global businesses , and they 're there because people want to buy what they sell, 
  you could find work in barcelona as well with four languages easily, 
  breakfast , three eggs , 50gms of salmon , half an avocado and a black coffee lunch , menu del dia , typically a starter a main and a coffee dinner , veg with protein usually couple of times a week i 'll go to a restaurant, 
  there is a push to get more cadets in state schools, 
  i think at local level there is a lot more corruption . 
  at the top level they 're ( mostly ) all the same people , similar schools and unis , which means that overt corruption is n't really needed as they 'll be taken care of via directorships , charity boards etc. 
  it 's not quite the same thing but it 's there ... 
  we had cadets at school , so it was normal for me, 
  i work about 6 hours a day , seven days a week , but i do n't do them in six hour blocks , i work around what else i want to do that day, 
  you could n't be more wrong , i live in catalonia , `` masia '' , traditional catalan farm houses are everywhere , and the barns are often converted https://www.google.es/search?q=traditional+spanish+barn+conversion&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewinsavz8bxvahxehrqkhce2bdqq_auicigb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=649, 
  yeah i 've seen them all over thinking about it , the swiss have a lot as well, 
  they certainly have them in spain and in france , i 've stayed in a few, 
  because india is on a separate plate, 
  where i live now in exiample in barcelona it 's 36,000 / km \u00b2, 
  carmel bunkers is famous in barcelona, 
  asylum seekers are usually restricted in the amount of employment they can do until they 've been fully processed, 
  i went for a job recently and they asked me my a level results , which considering that i 'm in my late 40s seems a little ridiculous . . 
  i think that a technical implementation scheme might be interesting , for instance sharing data on the success or failures of initiatives , but part of the reason for representative democracy is for the decision making to be made by people who 's lives are changed by policy, 
  peruvian - japanese i 've seen quite a few restaurants around the world, 
  pah gigabit master race !, 
  where are pints # 1.50 ? 
  yep , my brother lives in the usa and i have a cousin that lives in canada, 
  about 1500 $ would cover my non discretionary spending, 
  there 's a small slovenian minority in carinthia, 
  i was `` in care '' in a family group home from six months old to 18 , i did n't get any freebies when i left care , although i still had a social worker until i was 25 iirc . 
  it was quite a while ago though so i think the support that kids get leaving care are better now . 
  there are plenty in barcelona of both types , i go every now and again to a hamam it 's 52 $ for a 60 minute massage, 
  no i meant that there 's decent beer here as well , 
  twice a day usually , i shampoo once a week , i usually use aussie shampoo, 
  i think the pastry is different, 
  is that like a pirogi thing or a cornish ? 
  sounds like my dinner , 
  omelette with three eggs , 75g of smoked salmon , spinach , and a cup of black coffee, 
  come for a visit , i 'll buy you a beer, 
  no i made much more money in london , i was also offered a job in switzerland which would have been even more money . 
  my primary reasons were less stress , better weather , no commuting , reasonablish house prices , decent beer ... 
  around 800-1000 $ for a flat in the city , usual thing of foreign investors , airbnb and tourism increasing the rents . 
  location is key though , i walk to the office from home in 10 minutes , which to me is worth a couple of hundred easy, 
  `` as an american '', 
  there 's lots of it work in barcelona , the pay is n't the same , but everything else is much cheaper anyway so your standard of living can be the same or better ... i feel a lot richer living here than i did in london, 
  i 'm sure the spanish or catalan governments are pretty happy to have me here . 
  the biggest thing for me is pension rights , before they were added together , if that does n't get included then i 'm going to be pretty upset !, 
  this drives me insane . . 
  i had snails here in barcelona last week , they were really nice, 
  oh and you could n't get me to move back to the uk at all ... 
  it 's pretty common in spain for detached houses to have pools, 
  i moved to barcelona , i have a nice life living in an awesome city with the sea and mountains very close by , great food , nice people and good opportunitites, 
  in spain idealista.com and habitaclia.com, 
  if you pay social security in finland ? 
  spain 's health service is very similar to the uk in that it 's free at the point of delivery . 
  how about the attack with acid on two people that were out celebrating a birthday that happened just because of their ( assumed ) religion ? 
  in barcelona , per month my water is about $ 15 my gas is $ 15 , and electric $ 20 , that 's with two people , but i guess we 're hardly at home !, 
  i assume he means the vote of no confidence, 
  i 'm older than paul bettany , just, 
  old , 
  i live in apartment built in 1843 in the centre of barcelona , i walk to work in ten minutes , i have a flat in the pre-pyrenees where i go on the weekends , and a house in london which is my piggy bank !, 
  lol no, 
  mr bean, 
  here 's my anicdote , one night after going a bit mental at crossfit i boarded the tube to go home , about half way home i had the strangest feeling , like a shiver from head to toe , i started sweating , and it being winter i thought that odd . 
  deciding that i did n't want to faint on the tube i got off at the next station and had a little sit down . 
  the station master approached me looking concerned , he asked if i was alright , and i said `` yes i 'll probably be fine in a second '' , he said `` i did n't look fine '' and insisted i go to his office . 
  there he noted that i looked very green and he insisted on phoning an ambulance . 
  the specialist fast cardiac ambulance arrived in about three minutes and they took an ecg , while he was doing that another ambulance arrived , and then a second fast cardiac one . 
  they had a little chat and then decided that i needed to go to the cardiac hospital , which fortunately was about 2 miles away . 
  at the hospital i was met by a couple of cardiologists we had a chat they took some blood . 
  once the blood work came back they told me that i 'd likely had a small heart attack and that i needed to be admitted , so i spent the night in a ward , nice room , sharing with one other patient . 
  the day after they said that my troponin level was high , and that they wanted to do an angioplasty and perhaps put in a stent . 
  so they whisked me off to an operating theatre and stuck a tube through my wrist into my heart . 
  performing the surgery was a radiologist , the consultant , a nurse and a technician . 
  rather than the usual 45 minutes it took four hours , it was very uncomfortable and i do n't recommend it !, 
  after that i stayed in the hospital for four more days , and then was given some tablets and sent on my way . 
  the total cost to me was the taxi home , although i did have to take five sets of drugs for the first year , which if i paid for them individually would cost # 8 each per month , but i paid for a pre-paid card , that took that cost down to # 100 or so for the year .
