  it 's quite hot now in lithuania , so one of our national dishes is really popular because it 's very refreshing . 
  basically , it 's boiled eggs , cucumber , dill , green onions and shredded marinated beetroot . 
  pour cold kefir all over it , serve with a side of baked potatoes . 
  [ it 's awesome . 
  yes , i like it . 
  i lived abroad for several years , came back home because it 's just better than anywhere else . 
  the food , the beer , people , nature , climate , etc. 
  it 's all in sync . 
  just one , bbc world news . 
  it also has sky news , deutsche welle , tlc , rtl , bloomberg , cnbc and a few others . 
  rarely . 
  i either watch local news channels or read it online . 
  i have a tv package for a couple euros per month ( bundled with internet ) . 
  to be fair , the history of the great duchy of lithuania really is interesting . 
  that 's not relevant to me . 
  fairly rarely , a couple times a month maybe . 
  i prefer pork or chicken because the meat is softer and more flavorful , when prepared with appropriate spices . 
  please do n't fuck us again . 
  it hurts . 
  i drove two different 2016 punto 's a few times recently . 
  the brake pedal is like a switch , it engages somewhere half-way . 
  either no braking or full braking . 
  lol , sure . 
  friend 's grandfather bought a brand new one in 2007 , it came with a carburetor , 1.6 l engine and absolutely crazy 40 kw of power . 
  an inefficient piece of shit which does n't start half the time , and that 's if you maintain it . 
  iirc , they just bought the whole manufacturing line from fiat , brought it to russia and started making cheaper , shittier versions of that car . 
   guy was a young , silent , nice and hardworking fella whose parents shipped him away even though they were not in the warzones . 
  economic migrant . 
  not refugee . 
  no , it 's stupid . 
  it 's also very rare among young people here . 
  uk whines about everything . 
  they whined a lot when romania and bulgaria were accepted into the eu , they cried that uk will be flooded with poor uneducated people . 
  guess what , that did n't happen . 
  what happened was that lots of young people went to uk to study . 
  young people who already had bachelor 's degrees , spoke multiple languages , knew english better than many locals and were more than willing to pay for education out of pocket . 
  i 've met lots of them when i studied there . 
  many of those people stayed , got high-paying jobs , founded new companies , etc. 
  probably because they were afraid of immigrants from there . 
   why you would presume he is rich . 
  he found something better than he could find in france/germany/uk ? 
  students from western europe bring money , and some of them decide to stay after graduation . 
  so the country gains an educated , rich tax payer . 
  take off your shoes , unless i tell you not to . 
  i must offer slippers , unless the floor has just been vacuumed and is now nice and clean . 
   namur , wisconsin that place does not look to be very exciting . 
  there are ten londons in the us . 
  until now the prices were capped , but still significantly more expensive than what you pay in your home country . 
  now the price will have to match what you normally pay . 
  for lots of people this means unlimited calls and texts without paying a single cent extra . 
  oh yes , it was crazy . 
  stupid high prices for data , especially . 
  i traveled to georgia ( the country ) a couple weeks ago , they 're just outside of europe . 
  calls/texts were expensive , but within reason so you could use them if you really wanted . 
  however , mobile data was 7.50 eur/mb . 
  yes , more than seven euros per single megabyte . 
  a a whole gigabyte would cost more than seven * thousand * euros . 
  i 'm guessing that it would 've been the same within the eu if they did n't intervene . 
  luckily , free wifi is quite popular in tbilisi . 
  competition is already fierce , and the eu is helping . 
  it 's nice for the consumers . 
  i once switched my mobile providers twice on the same day because they called me and offered the same plan for 1 euro cheaper than the previous one . 
  that law is not in effect yet , but most mobile providers in my country are already offering plans which apply to the whole eu . 
  exact same price for texts , calls and data in every country . 
  even if you have unlimited data . 
  oh , i ( generally ) have no problem with russian people , most of them are actually really nice . 
  it 's the government that 's the problem . 
  i 've met lots of russians all over the world and there 's one little problem . 
  they say `` yes , our government is really fucked up , oppressive , no freedom of expression , no freedom of the press , the government is just talking about wars all the time ... but putin is a really great guy and i like him a lot . '', 
   one point five megabytes . 
  one point five megabits . 
  bytes would be mbps . 
  i live outside of the city and only got optic fiber a few years ago . 
  a decade ago i only had 128 kbps connection , and that 's only within lithuania . 
  for access to foreign websites it was limited to 56 kbps . 
  i would find a couple interesting youtube videos , pause them to load and then go for a walk with my dog for an hour . 
  at least shit 's improving everywhere now . 
  not at the same pace , but it is improving . 
  i 've got a 7gb plan for around 10 e/month . 
  i do n't use it much because i have wifi or ( if i 'm going on a longer trip somewhere ) my tablet with tethering . 
  the dishes you named feel quite familiar . 
  wikipedia says that they 've been influenced by french and spanish cuisine . 
  would n't that be awesome ? 
  and then russia would be right next to the us , so they could sort out their problems and nuke each other without affecting others . 
  oh damn , that 's expensive . 
  my current isp ( largest in the country ) offers three speeds , 100 mbps ( 9.90 euros/month ) , 300 mbps ( 13.90 e/month ) and 1gbps ( 19.90 e/month ) . 
  television with a few dozen channels adds 10 euros to it . 
  wifi router is extra 2.50 / month , if you do n't have your own . 
  connection and installation is free , no hidden fees there . 
  also , i got free wifi in the city . 
  this isp has a deal with commercial clients where the clients get a discount if they put a public router on their premises . 
  not entirely public , because you have to be a client of this isp to connect . 
  so the end result is that we get fast , reliable wifi connection in almost all petrol stations , restaurants , bars , cafes , mcdonald 's and all that . 
  it 's not entirely necessary , because mobile data is cheap . 
  fully unlimited data ( which is unlimited across the whole eu ) plus unlimited texts and calls is just 26 e/month , although they give discounts without arguing too much if you 're an old client . 
  i got that plan for 20 e/month and they also gave me an asus tablet . 
  tethering fully allowed and encouraged . 
  hah ,  403 : access forbidden  your location ( lt ) has been blacklisted . 
  looks like they do n't like lithuanians . 
   there 's really only 2 realistic parties but here it was literally just two parties .
