  what if they will escape ? 
  or what if they 'll find a way to bomb the jail itself ? 
  yey for latvians and lithuanians . 
  i never said they are ok . 
  however , you have to take into consideration the size of population of russia and lithuania . 
  but it is . 
  as i already said , western europe is full . 
  i doubt that poor russian workers will care about that , once they see how much they 're going to be paid . 
  well , countries like switzerland and norway were quite a bit better off when they were invited to join . 
  there was n't anything that they really needed , since state was doing well . 
  uk is not doing that well . 
   those that can go , they will go , nothing wrong with that . 
  well uk is full , for starters . 
  i 'm afraid that a wave of new immigrants might cause an outbreak of riots , inspired by nationalist political parties . 
  there is a possibility that russians will get the same rights to work in eu as romania and bulgaria have now . 
  it is only natural that people tend to move to another country if wages there are better . 
  i 'm sure that everyone who can go , will go , since that wage gap is so huge . 
  also , you know , russian mafia . 
  cheap drugs , unlicenced medicine and all that other stuff . 
  that is going to be a sad day for those who live in western parts of europe . 
  well , since they 're using `` we were in soviet union together . 
  that was quite fun , right ? '', 
  as an argument , i too doubt if anyone will want to join . 
  especially finland or czech republic . 
  those guys saw what russia was like just a couple decades ago , i do n't think they will give it a second try . 
  they are . 
  if eurasian union will have the same travel laws as eu , then bulgaria will most likely be kicked out of eu , since that would open the gates for all russians to easily enter eu . 
  well obviously uk can be your choice , since you would n't have to learn a new language . 
  speaking about languages , spanish is one of the easiest languages to learn ( true fact , but only for english-speaking learners ) . 
  as far as high life quality , it would be switzerland , scandinavian countries , germany . 
  oh do n't worry , i know what it 's like , i 've been studying in uk for the past few years . 
  in lithuania we have a saying , `` a spoon of [ tar ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unkdu.jpg ) will ruin a whole barrel of honey . '', 
  i think it applies here . 
  there might be just a few terrorists among muslims , but they have ruined the whole community . 
  you ca n't just scoop them out because little bits of tar will still be floating around . 
  this is not intolerance , this is terrorism . 
  you ca n't just ignore that , like you would ignore intolerant/rambling people . 
  people would be surprised if scientologists bombed a newspaper building for cartoons of xenu or if christians bombed it for cartoons of jesus . 
  but when it 's bombed for cartoons of mohammed , everyone goes `` oh well , we all knew this was going to happen . '', 
  it 's not improving the way we view muslims in europe . 
  maybe because americans on average are not as intelligent as europeans , so ads have to be simpler too ? 
   the russian mafia has more friends in lithuania than in romania so why would n't they get some lithuanian passports to travel freely around europe . 
  they keep trying , but obviously government does n't give citizenship very easily for this exact reason . 
  having an outer border of shengen can be complicated . 
  now all the russian mafia will try to get romanian passports just to be able to freely travel around europe . 
  they tried that over here , one even managed to bribe the president ( who was caught and punished in time ) . 
  now i might be wrong as all my knowledge of serbia comes just from mass media , but you know , the whole thing with slobodan milosevic ( seems like people really hate him ) and the kosovo war are not very nice things . 
  also , being bombed by nato is not a good sign either . 
  link is dead . 
  also , it does n't seem to be a very good idea to add serbia to eu , somehow . 
  i mean , no offence guys , but you are quite messed up . 
  easily , but czech and slovak are very similar . 
  kind of like lithuanian and latvian to someone who does n't speak either one of those languages . 
  highways are fairly decent . 
  we have two , one is ~ 300km long and the other is around 100km . 
  both have two lanes going each way . 
  no tolls or vignettes or anything for normal cars . 
  commercial transport has to pay something , though . 
  highways 130 in summer , 110 in winter . 
  motorways are 120 in summer and 110 in winter . 
  speeding by up to 10km/h will only get you a warning , so you can drive at 140 without worrying . 
  that 's the closest i 'll ever get to learning portuguese . 
  what ? 
  why would anyone stare at walls when we have smartphones ? 
  yup , i think that was actually the first one in lithuania to get those screens . 
  we have those things in lithuania too . 
  you pick everything you want , pay with card and then they just hand you your food . 
  cars from the eighties are basically collectibles in most of europe . 
  in the us they 're fairly common , people buy them for daily use . 
  they actually last a lot longer and they 're not affected by weather . 
  always at a constant temperature too . 
  falling tree branches wo n't cut power during a storm . 
  in general streets look better without those poles . 
  or in tanks . 
  i should 've mentioned that i went there with my orchestra , to participate in a competition . 
  i guess it was too orderly ? 
  like everything is pre-planned for everyone , so everyone just does what they 're supposed to do and nobody steps out of those boundaries . 
  now you party , now you sleep , now you go to bed . 
  hundreds of orchestras from all around the world , all of them just following that script . 
  it was a very well organised event , no doubt . 
  but it lacked a little bit of mess/fluidity , which is like pepper in your soup . 
  it adds flavour . 
  yup , that sounds like it and houses in the town of spi\u0161sk\u00e1 teplica look a lot like the one we stayed in after we arrived from krakow . 
  we then stayed for a week in liptovsk\u00fd mikul\u00e1\u0161 . 
  it was awesome . 
  poland latvia slovakia czech republic austria switzerland spain ( canary islands , not mainland ) italy england ireland ukraine georgia ukraine was kind of meh , but people were really nice and welcoming , so it was n't bad at all . 
  georgia was absolutely amazing . 
  canary islands were also great , we did some charity work with friends for a while . 
  it 's beautiful once you leave the main streets with pubs . 
  austrian and slovakian nature and mountains were mindblowingly beautiful , although georgian ones were n't any less amazing . 
  switzerland was pretty boring , to be fair . 
  it 's all nice and clean and all that , but also very expensive and it just did n't feel like a happy , lively place . 
  those mountains and caves are amazing . 
  i went there with parents and another family of friends a few years ago . 
  it just so happened that there was a national holiday or something in poland and lots of them went to slovakia for the long weekend , so absolutely all hotels and motels were full . 
  we did n't book anything in advance because we thought that we 'll definitely find something , yet here we were . 
  we stopped at a petrol station at 22:30 or so to ask if they know where we could find a place to sleep . 
  some guy behind us in line said that he has a spare house which he rents to skiers in winter , but it was summer and the house was empty . 
  he offered a really low price , i think it was around 150 slovakian koruna per person . 
  we took his offer and followed him to the house .
