  at least they 're not [ le tired now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcpjgl2bals ), 
   europe is all too happy to negotiate with a terrorist like assad who kills hundreds of thousands of his own people , but they do n't want to negotiate with a government that is actually helping their interests ? 
  islamists are our friends , apparently . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  usually multiple candles per grave , although now some people have started campaigns to put just one candle per grave , because so much trash is left after the whole event . 
  the whole eastern europe does this . 
  most of them do n't have to , they choose to . 
  for most of them it 's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get into europe , so obviously they 'll try to get in . 
  even if they were far away from war back home . 
  wait , why some countries ' average is below every city in that country ? 
  also , what is a `` house '' in this case ? 
  do apartments count ? 
  because i have a hard time believing that it 's possible to buy a normal , liveable house in lithuania for 40 000 euros . 
  oh fuck off , you 've obviously never been to birmingham . 
  nyc has three times the population of our whole country . 
  it should n't be surprising that our roads are a bit smaller . 
  it 's from an area in vilnius called belmontas . 
  a beautiful park with a small river by the side . 
  can confirm , the moon tonight is huge . 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ), 
  it 's not very good . 
  we 're trying to play the same card , ha . 
  the media is playing along , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ef820ne.jpg ) is the kitchen of one apartment that was prepared for the immigrants . 
   but the refugees who are arriving now are not illegal . 
  they really should be , though . 
  most of them are just economic migrants who saw an opportunity and jumped at it . 
  haha , yeah sure . 
  they 're paying thousands because sweden is the closest country to syria without a massive war going on . 
  i would tell you that you 're making things up . 
  they would n't be paying thousands of euros and travelling thousands of kilometres if they cared about such silly things as love of their homeland . 
  did you see the statistics of those migrants ? 
  well over half of them are young men . 
  young men who choose to run away instead of fighting for their country . 
  i think it 's obvious that their goal is just easy life , not those silly things you 're talking about . 
   the attack on the danish embassy came from the `` side '' that supports assad . 
  and you believe that this `` side '' is not using their only opportunity to get into europe for free ? 
  according to some security guy from one of the migrant camps , quite a few guys say that they 're under 18 because then they get all sorts of benefits once they get to germany . 
  the number of adult men is probably quite a bit higher . 
   `` warning shot '' they outnumbered the police officers and some say that they were armed , so it 's not really surprising if one of the cops just shot the guy who was acting like the biggest alpha there . 
  then said that it was an accident . 
   my argument is it is very convienent . 
  too convienent . 
  so what 's your explanation ? 
  i 've read the news , there were plenty of screenshots from multiple independent sources who saw the rebels celebrating the downing of a ukrainian military plane . 
  then the civilians from that area started going through the crash site , uploading pics of normal passenger jet wreckage , so the separatists ' tweets were deleted . 
  they 're still on those news sites . 
  you should know , if you 've been following the news at that time . 
  according to me . 
  do you not believe me ? 
  well not * all * countries , just some of them . 
  most did the raping decades ago in some weird and foreign lands . 
  and abusive . 
  like , he raped a few kids around here years ago , but for some reason the adults choose to ignore that fact . 
   . . and were these tweets from rebels cited in this thread verified ? 
  no , they were deleted soon after the rebels realised that they shot down a passenger jet and not a ukrainian military cargo plane . 
   how else are you supposed to learn and grow ? 
  you could begin by dropping all those ridiculous conspiracy theories ... 
  you clearly said that tweets can be faked and that us has done this before . 
  then you get sleepy ... 
  they wo n't stay here longer than a couple months anyway . 
  they 'll get some money together and move to sweden , finland or uk . 
  our border patrols are already catching some illegal migrants moving to finland . 
   your president does have a tendency to say wildly offensive things such as ? 
  you should try putting on your pants . 
  they really help . 
   why is an alleged 9/11 truther nutcase if i insisted that the earth is actually flat and kept discussing it with other flat earthers , would you think that i 'm a smart person who has the ability to reason and to think logically ? 
  tweets , facebook posts , selfies , phone calls ... or are you saying that it was actually the us who shot down that plane ? 
  it 's still the same , though . 
  half of those are different for me . 
  i guess the results depend on what the people in your country are googling . 
  i doubt the bombers care about the refugee crisis . 
  if anything , it 's a refugee blessing to them , because they can get to anywhere in europe without any problems . 
  those bombings in turkey from the other day ? 
  i feel like we 'll see something similar in eu very soon . 
  after all , those same guys were allowed to go into europe with no restrictions and no one checked on them , no one registered them . 
  it 's like isis 's wet dream , but with fewer sheep . 
  slovakia is pretty damn serious . 
   has to take refugees anyway , deliberately fucks up organisation . 
  who 's going to win in all this ? 
  no asylum for economic migrants . 
  lots , they just get into the trucks going to england . 
  everyone sees them , no one does anything . 
  police wages in iceland are quite decent , actually . 
  looks like some sort of promotional campaign . 
  cops are supposed to like doughnuts , so dd decided to hand them out to all cops for free . 
  viral advertising . 
  this is why you 're all fat . 
  i did . 
  you just need to know someone in the company . 
  my neighbour was working in one , so he recommended me . 
  the company was planning to expand soon , so they would 've needed new people anyway . 
  they 're economic migrants , not refugees . 
  also , there 's absolutely nothing good about them . 
  nothing but downsides for people whose towns will be taken over . 
  if not wanting to give up your town is now considered racism , then so be it . 
  medicine is one thing , you need certifications and stuff . 
  programming , repairs of stuff , administration , manufacturing and many branches of engineering require skill a lot more than diplomas . 
  you go to a company , you try working there for a bit ( internship or something ) , they see that you can actually do stuff and that 's all , you 're hired .
