  there 's a shitload of them everywhere . 
  i sometimes get the same comment about vilnius , 
  then that friend would be seen as permanently living abroad , and therefore not eligible for cheap phone contracts in country a. 
  but then you 'd have to actually live in finland . 
  who would ever want that . 
  on a more serious note , this new law assumes that your home country is where you spend at least 6 months per year , or something like that . 
  so you ca n't just sign up for unlimited everything for 20 euros in lithuania and then go live in sweden . 
  unless russia happens . 
  it might , because replacement parts can be made in a shed out of wooden planks and old tuna cans . 
  i think i misread the title . 
  it says that italy is doing its best now since 2010 , while i understood that `` italy grows fastest [ in the eu ] '' . 
  it 's not about the level of economy , it 's about growth . 
  [ eu says ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/economic-performance-and-forecasts/economic-performance-country/lithuania/economic-forecast-lithuania_en ) that lithuanian economy is growing quite a bit faster ... 
  excellent !, 
  i shall sit on the porcelain throne now !, 
  19 dead , according to bbc news . 
  sad day indeed . 
  we did n't qualify for the finals . 
  thanks for taking the bullet for us . 
  what did the russians say after the incident ? 
  this is funny because `` oi '' is plural for `` sheep '' in romanian . 
  no , that 's not how they do it . 
  now belarus will buy tons of montenegran wine , replace the labels and sell it to russia , just as they do with cheese , salmon , mussels and other stuff . 
   well yeah obviously we earn a lot more than you then why did you demand for rebates , unlike anyone else ? 
  as for us , there 's no need to work too much . 
  we 'll just milk you as much as possible . 
  after brexit we 'll continue milking you just as before , except that then you wo n't be able to say anything about it . 
  sort it by [ percentage of income ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036097.stm#start ) and suddenly you 're below everyone . 
  interesting . 
  you 've had the best deal in the union and you 're still not happy . 
  nah , i 'm just joking . 
  we 're actually doing quite well , producing more than we consume , unlike the uk . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://www.potatobusiness.com/pb-special-feature/1766-brexit-and-the-potato-industry ) uk consumes 6 million tons of potatoes per year . 
  two of those millions have to be imported . 
  i wonder what will happen with that when all trade deals will be cancelled in 2019 . 
  none at all ? 
  maybe at least [ one potato ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/ministers-uk-aid-divert-africa-to-eastern-europe-for-better-brexit-deal-a7588116.html ), 
  but that 's what the uk asked for , independence from the eu . 
  they want to leave , so no more benefits to them , obviously . 
  hah , sure . 
  prepare for a long and boring recession . 
  eu is n't going to bully anyone . 
  eu will simply choose other eu countries for future contracts . 
  uk will be in the same place as india or canada , nothing more , nothing less . 
  in many cases airplane tickets are cheaper than going by car , especially if you 're going somewhere a bit further away , not hamburg to berlin . 
  you gave me a source and i explained why it 's unreliable . 
  i think that 's pretty reasonable . 
   of all the websites i went through , its pretty clear that islam is a very quickly growing religion in europe and of all the research i 've done , all those websites are literally making shit up . 
  all of them , no exceptions . 
  there simply is no data available . 
  no one is keeping track of conversions or de-conversions . 
  all those `` statistics '' are simply a bunch of random guessing . 
  there are a few which have some actual numbers , but their sample groups are way too small to mean anything . 
  you ca n't ask 100 people from the same part of the town and then apply their answers to the whole continent or planet . 
  that 's why i asked you for proof in the first place . 
  i already knew that there is n't any . 
  yea ... that 's not a reliable proof in any way . 
  why ? 
  because no one tracks the number of converts . 
  for example , it 's against the law to even ask what 's the religion of a person is when admitting them to the hospital . 
  similarly , no one asks what their religion is during a national survey . 
  consequently , it 's absolutely impossible to know how many converts there are . 
  same in uk , the only way those surveys are done is by asking the local imams in the mosques . 
  they tend to inflate the numbers because nearby mosques are competing with one another . 
  they obviously do n't keep any paperwork on that , so just making shit up is easy . 
  another thing is the number of apostates , i can assure you that in the middle east and most of asia almost all of them are closeted and wo n't tell that they 're non-religious even if asked in a safe setting . 
  that last sentence of your quote sums it all up nicely . 
  there 's simply not enough info . 
  the only little bit we might get is when the 2011 uk survey results will be published . 
  there were questions about belonging to a religion , practising it , etc. 
   so what i 'm saying is that a french muslim does not share the same values as an arab muslim . 
  certain dead people would like to disagree with you on that . 
  if immigration was seriously reduced , then the remaining muslims would slowly integrate into the society and stop being all offended about literally everything . 
  the problem is that every single day there are crowds of new traditionally-backwards-thinking muslims immigrating , many of which ca n't even imagine letting gay people live in peace , let alone letting them get married with one another . 
  and i think i do n't even need to explain why i want to keep my right to eat bacon and drink beer whenever i want . 
  in their eyes i 'm worse than hitler . 
  well , to be fair , in many muslims ' eyes hitler was n't that bad . 
  he hated the jews , same as allah did . 
   islam is the fastest growing religion in the world and in europe . 
  i 'd like to see any proof of that . 
  it 's retarded , but not as much . 
  the number of christian fundies and terrorists is noticeably lower than that of muslims . 
  northern ireland is an exception . 
   just as long as they keep their beliefs private and do not hurt others . 
  that 's the main problem . 
  if you have a large population of muslims , then some of them will always be fundies who are not going to keep their religion to themselves . 
   the muslims i know here are all children of medical professionals , and do just that . 
  it 's not necessary to be a muslim if you want to be a doctor . 
  why on earth would any sane person want to convert to islam ? 
  i do n't think we need any more of any muslims . 
  so you work as a chauffeur if you get to drive that ? 
  the question is , will the muslims want to become more secular and accept non-religious traditions , like respecting women , homosexuals and people of other religions ? 
   put simply , apart from historians and emps the majority of europeans have never herd of strasbourg , brussels , luxembourg and frankfurt . 
  what ? 
  where the hell do you live , us ? 
  300mbps for ... * converting currency ... * $ 27.7 per month , unlimited in every way . 
  plus you get free and unlimited wifi in pretty much every single larger mall , shop and restaurant , this particular provider has a really large network . 
  or you can get the basic package , 10mbps for $ 3.80 , unlimited downloads .
