  14 500 for a slightly used 2015 model . 
   asylum seekers economic migrants . 
  you 're not running away from war if you cross a dozen peaceful countries to get to norway . 
  you ca n't obtain a lot of info in just a few hours . 
  we do n't know much about yesterday . 
  let 's not jump to conclusions . 
  because it 's almost always islamic terrorism these days . 
  no one else is killing people just for the sake of killing them . 
  iirc , that cinema one was n't deemed a terrorist attack . 
  just a `` random confused individual '' , as one article put it . 
  well , so far all attacks in europe this year were carried out by muslims , so ... 
  apparently he 's of iranian descent , with both german and iranian citizenship . 
  the central part is nice , it 's like a chav version of venice . 
  the trick is n't about how hot it is . 
  the trick is how hot it usually is in the area . 
  global warming fucks things up for everyone and weather gets all sorts of messed up . 
  i remember the days when we used to get < -20 \u00bac for a couple weeks every winter , with a few nights of -30 \u00bac . 
  those were the days . 
  now it 's around 0\u00bac throughout the whole winter , raining and windy . 
  it was like +10 \u00bac on christmas . 
  it did look pretty [ bad-ass . 
  we do n't really like short words . 
  i know some americans , germans and brits living here , rent is 400 euros for a decent apartment in the city centre . 
  it jobs pay the best , generally . 
  a thousand euros per month is standard . 
  unlimited gigabit optic fibre internet and unlimited 4g mobile internet await you in eastern europe . 
  monthly cost is lower than one decent lunch in london . 
   maybe it 'll all be reversed how do you reverse a decision that has n't even been made yet ? 
  come on , it is basically 50/50 . 
  only 70 % of the population voted . 
  many people did n't bother because the weather was really bad and it 's not like britain would 've voted to leave anyway . 
  it 's not a vote , it 's a referendum . 
  different thing . 
  referendum is basically a public opinion poll , to let the government know what the nation thinks . 
  and the nation is 50:50 about leaving the eu , so really it could go either way . 
   world 's 5th largest economy it 's entirely possible that northern ireland and scotland ( and probably wales ) will declare independence and re-join the eu , so england wo n't be all that big . 
  lots of international companies are operating from london because it 's in the eu . 
  they 'll move to dublin or paris or some other eu city if england leaves . 
  same with several car manufacturers , because importing into eu will be more expensive than operating and manufacturing within the eu . 
  as many smart people have said , `` we really do n't want you to leave , but we will respect your decision if you actually do . '', 
   they will most likely leave i actually do n't think they do . 
  cameron refused to push the red button . 
  johnson does n't look too happy about the result either . 
  i do n't know who will be mad enough to risk killing the uk . 
  but uk has n't handed in their notice yet . 
   in the rain or in the mud or in dusty dark conditions newsflash for you , that 's why these jobs are called dirty . 
  there still are regulations , requirements , inspections and all that , your employer ca n't just force you to work 24 hour shifts in the field . 
  you 're stacking boxes in a warehouse , there are no conditions . 
  what would that be ? 
  the boss would take the roof off the factory , just for the hell of it ? 
  employers ca n't pay less than minimum wage in the uk . 
   why not ? 
  eu is forcing car manufacturers to make more efficient engines , safer cars and all that . 
  this has killed a few manufacturers , for example the lada sedans are no longer for sale because they 're smoking death traps . 
  as a result , lots of jobs disappeared in russia and eu . 
  but it 's not eu just trying to fuck things up , it 's trying to make things better for everyone . 
  because you gave a small town as an example . 
  it 's not a very good example . 
  definitely not a legitimate reason . 
  fishing is being limited because overfishing is bad , not because the eu wants to fuck over the common man . 
  and that 's just one company , many others might follow . 
  this wo n't end well . 
  and i have no idea what you mean either . 
  a small town lost some fishing jobs , so now it 's time to fuck the rest of the country up ? 
  to make everything even ? 
  is this what you tried to say ? 
  forcing the jobs to stay in the uk is not the way to go . 
  uk is not a communist state . 
  but ukip are a bunch of bigoted idiots , are n't they ? 
  like , no one actually takes them seriously ? 
  how come that uk never said anything earlier ? 
  they have representatives in the european commission and european parliament , do n't they ? 
  what were the legitimate reasons ? 
   if , in a few decades , this is not considered one of the greatest blunders in british history i 'll be very surprised it will be , because all the leavers will be already dead . 
  that 's what lack of information does to people . 
  `` hurr durr immigrants , vote leave '' and they do . 
  yea , `` fuck '' is a swear word that needs to be beeped out , but `` dick '' is fine ? 
  are n't they kind of closely related ? 
  that literally covers every single case of why someone would want to go anywhere . 
  and that 's precisely why europe does n't want them . 
  but my work needs me . 
  europe does n't really need a million turkish `` tourists '' . 
  well then why would you want to go to europe ? 
  to be fair , we have like a hundred muslims in lithuania . 
  that 's just a lonely photosphere . 
  you can see that it 's quite a bit further [ north ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jmhz3ph.png ) from that road . 
  literally billions of people live in shitty conditions . 
  should we take all of them in ? 
  yes , but it 's a private company . 
  yea , we just got rid of our airline . 
  lithuania is n't big enough for such a thing , especially if it 's paid for by the taxpayers . 
  even with subsidies their tickets were somehow still more expensive than those from normal , standard commercial airlines . 
   they will never kill enough people in europe by the way of terrorist attacks to have any impact on countries or europe as a whole . 
  so we should just let them do it ? 
  because surely they 'll just stop if they notice that no one does anything ? 
  surely they wo n't just ramp things up ? 
  like , who needs airports , bus stations , power plants , right ? 
  we 'll just rebuild them and move on . 
  you really think that they 're smart enough for the long con ? 
  infiltrate the governments , push anti-ecology laws , cause ecological disasters and increased air pollution , cause cancer ?
