  there are around 60 people with my last name on facebook . 
  ours are hot and steamy . 
  i think theirs are less steamy but it 's essentially the same . 
  everyone should have a sauna . 
   but will still teach their kids all the other necessary subjects like math , science , language , etc. ? 
  how many parents actually know those subjects beyond fifth grade level ? 
  definitely . 
  lots of young people here live in small apartments in the city centre , so often there is n't even enough space for a large tv . 
  if there is , it 's used for gaming or movies , not tv . 
  i personally do n't watch television because of the ads and because of scheduled tv shows . 
  it 's a lot easier with internet because i can pick what and when i want to watch something . 
  i am . 
  those taps are still very common even though the reason behind them is long gone . 
  all those houses had on-demand boilers . 
  worse , it 's like a carpet floor . 
  something like [ this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nt5fqwk.jpg ) basically a living room carpet which ca n't even be removed , so it just accumulates crap for years and years . 
  and i saw that in several fairly nice , old houses in upper-class neighbourhoods . 
  many houses in england have carpets in the bathroom . 
  that room where water and other fluids splash around more than ~ ~ anyone ~ ~ anywhere else . 
  that room which is often full of steam and condensation . 
  that 's the room where they put a soft , fluffy carpet . 
  also , dual taps ( for hot and cold water ) but fortunately those are slowly going away . 
  in one house there was a single tap , but with two tubes within it . 
  cold and hot water would start mixing only after it left the tip of the faucet , so you 'd end up with a single stream of water , half of it cold and half hot . 
  it does n't , but you can legally add a name to your house number if you want . 
  some rural `` in the middle of fucking nowhere '' houses do n't have numbers at all , only a name . 
   but they were n't really discriminating , they did it to all people of ussr that 's what makes them worse than nazis . 
  the worst part is that the people in power are mostly the same . 
  as a result , they 're trying to use the same tactics . 
  they rigged the referendum in crimea and then said that the locals are on their own . 
  power was cut , pensions were frozen , foreign companies closed down , it 's a shit show . 
  my neighbour is originally from ukraine , his family left the area and came here for a few months during that time because it was really not safe . 
  local thugs were doing whatever they wanted to do . 
  now they 've relocated to odessa , which is currently reasonably safe . 
   there was no conquering after that sure , that 's technically correct . 
  only another fifty years of mass killings , slaughterhouses , deportations to siberia , etc. 
  arguably , soviets were worse than nazis . 
   russia is always the villain that 's correct , yes . 
  recently they 've started calculating how much we should pay them back for all those years of occupation . 
  they did n't stop being evil . 
   and they both know that conquering countries was already old in 1940s , it 's more trouble than it 's worth and that 's why neither usa nor russia does that . 
  except all of eastern europe which was occupied by russia ? 
  or do you think that nothing happened there ? 
  all those countries just joined the soviet union voluntarily ? 
  oh , the difference is huge . 
  compare territories which were occupied by those two and you 'll see that their goals are completely different . 
  let 's say , south korea and crimea . 
  everyone is scared , more or less , because russia is an unpredictable psychopath . 
  do n't say that `` georgians do n't give a shit '' because they certainly do . 
  it 's just that they ca n't do anything about it . 
  same with ukraine , russia still has plenty of government officials there who support occupation , so the pro-european politicians ca n't do much . 
   if politicians push the signpost crisis long and loud enough then it would get moved back but they ca n't , because russia would just send more soldiers and then cut off the gas supply to georgia . 
  they 've done it to other countries in the past , it 's not a new thing . 
   and russia does n't really have to do anything for ukraine to be a mess they still sent a bunch of soldiers and hundreds of supply trucks to destabilise the whole eastern side . 
  just to be safe , you know . 
   they 're trying to push ukraine to eu even without ukraine fixing itself . 
  good , let them do it . 
  they ca n't join until they fix stuff . 
  of course , russia will do everything they can to ensure that ukraine is a mess , because they do n't want yet another nato country bordering russia . 
   this is a russian soldier moving that one border sign , nothing else , nothing spectacular . 
  no , this is you making stuff up . 
  are you russian or something ? 
  russian soldiers have been pushing the border further and further into georgian territory for years , and never moving it back where it belongs . 
  us ambassador talked about this but putin has more important stuff to talk about , such as trump . 
   do you have anything to support that they do other than they claimed they will back in 2014 ? 
  [ they want to join nato ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40557477 ) and they 've said years ago that they want to join eu . 
  they 're working on it . 
  they obviously wo n't be allowed to do either if they do n't fix their corruption problem . 
   the officials are not even trying to rebuild it that 's quite a statement , do you have anything to support it ? 
  are you asking why ukraine did n't rebuild their whole political system in a couple years ? 
  because you ca n't just rebuild everything quickly after many decades of corrupt pro-russian assholes . 
  ... what ? 
  this is n't some kid moving a sign in a town , this is official russian army moving border posts . 
  it just shows once again that russia does n't really care about such silly things as international laws and agreements . 
  south ossetia is still full of their soldiers . 
  russia has just moved their border further into georgia , because why not . 
   because there was no threat to russian military installations on krym from him . 
  correct . 
  but the citizens did n't like having a dick sucker as a president , so they kicked him out . 
  ukrainians are not too fond of russia and russia sees that as a threat , so they do the only thing they can : occupy . 
   while it 's somehow presented as `` we want to conquer teh whole world starting with ukraine hurr durr ! '', 
  maybe it 's because they sent soldiers to donbas . 
  and northern regions of georgia a few years earlier . 
  and pretty much every neighbouring country two decades ago . 
   simply put yanukovich was corrupt but reasonable with russia yanukovich was sucking putin 's dick all day long , that 's why he was kicked out . 
  ukrainian people have access to the internet and they see that europe is living way better than russia . 
  naturally , they did n't like that their president was pushing the country towards the east , as they 'd much rather live in a developed country . 
  there 's a lot of noise going on here about our alcohol consumption . 
  government has just passed a few laws restricting alcohol . 
  now it will be sold only during the day , from 10 am to 8pm , law goes into effect next year . 
  they 've also raised the minimum legal drinking age to 20 years . 
  they tried to ban alcohol from temporary bars , which pop up in city centres during the summer , but that law was rejected . 
  people are outraged because this is stupid and it wo n't change anything . 
  the biggest drinkers are jobless older guys in rural areas , who buy cheapest strong beer or vodka . 
  these laws wo n't affect them in any way . 
  also , our health minister admitted that he was one of the officials who supplied the numbers to the world health organisation . 
  he admitted that quite a lot was simply made up , real numbers are closer to 13 litres of pure alcohol per year , not 18 . 
  friend has a cabin in a small rural village , he said that those older local guys have already started moving towards homemade strong drinks because taxes on alcohol have been increased too . 
  we still do n't understand how we 're consuming more alcohol than france or italy , where a glass of wine with dinner is the norm .
