  however , many expats live in small communities and they brew their own beer and wine . 
  authorities rarely do anything about it , unless they find out that someone is actually selling alcohol . 
  you can get jail time and some sweet lashing if they get you . 
  dress code for foreign women is n't all that strict either . 
  there are laws saying that they must wear something similar to a long coat or a dress ( abaya ) . 
  local women must cover their hair , foreigners do n't have to . 
  face does n't have to be covered . 
  however , it 's unlikely that anyone will do anything if a tourist is wearing normal modest clothes . 
  a miniskirt would obviously cause trouble in most cities . 
  in some super-fancy seaside resorts all those rules are ignored because every girl wants to show off her crazy-expensive new bikini . 
   it 'd be like muslims complaining about ramadan holidays in dresden i worked in a doritos factory a few years ago in the uk , and there were lots of muslim workers . 
  ramadan just happened to be during that one summer . 
  the output had dropped by quite a bit . 
  muslims ca n't even drink water during the day ( smart , forwards-looking , advanced religion , i know ) so they all made an effort to move as little as possible to avoid sweating , because it was quite hot in there . 
  on the positive side , queues at the canteen were all gone , it was amazing . 
  it 's a completely different situation . 
  you can live in any country without learning their language if you 're rich , smart and they actually need you . 
  all those westerners in saudi arabia are not flipping burgers at mcdonald 's or stacking boxes in some warehouse . 
  those jobs are for asian or african immigrants , who have to learn arabic . 
  if we got thousands of rocket scientists , amazing architects and top-grade brain surgeons from syria and afghanistan , then i would n't give a single fuck about whether they can speak any eu language or not . 
  however , most of them are only fit to stack boxes . 
  they have no skills to offer . 
  as a result , they have to know the language because no one 's going to hire a translator to translate what kind of burger needs to be made . 
  most of those refugees are n't looking for a safe and peaceful place to stay until the war at home ends . 
  they 're looking for a permanent place in a rich country . 
  setting up refugee camps close to their home countries would make a lot of sense and it would be way easier to fund , but this is not what those people want . 
  is sweden jelly ? 
  this is outside the city . 
  [ a little bit . 
  immigrants ? 
  what immigrants ? 
  they just want to live in peace , away from war that has torn apart their homes . 
  organic is a joke . 
  did you know that in the us farmers are allowed to use `` organic pesticides '' on their organic crops ? 
   in order for something to be traditional cuisine it has to have a century of history here . 
  where did you get that from ? 
   if you knew anything about traditional lithuanian cuisine you would know that most of it was destroyed during sovietization due to the lack of goods . 
  ... how is that relevant in any way ? 
  we 're talking about current cuisine . 
  potatoes are n't lithuanian in origin either , they 're not even european . 
  should we stop eating them too ? 
  they may not have originated here but they are traditional here now . 
  your face is factually incorrect  no but seriously , meat and potatoes are two ingredients that you 'll find in almost every traditional lithuanian dish . 
  you ca n't make cepelinai or v\u0117darai without meat . 
   what utter , oozing bullshit . 
  found the vegan !, 
  it 's a combination of things . 
  wages in lithuania are fairly small , so any change that might increase the price of food is not very welcome , especially among the lower class people . 
  meat is an essential part of lithuanian cuisine , so switching to grains because the meat got more expensive is not an option . 
  animals are n't seen as equals to humans . 
  they are food , not friends . 
  tradition . 
  chicken and other farm animals have been living in shitty conditions in our barns for centuries , up until two decades ago when the soviet union fell apart and collective farming stopped being a thing . 
  you ca n't change traditions quickly . 
  and lastly , most people simply do n't care . 
  here 's an example : people buy stuff from h&m , nike , marks & spencer , etc. 
  they do it everywhere , these brands are huge and their stores are full of customers . 
  yet they use ( or have used ) slave labour in various east asian countries . 
  many companies still do that . 
  yet do people care ? 
  not even a tiny bit . 
  a few activists might do a protest or something every now and then , but absolute majority wo n't care even a tiny bit about slavery , as long as they can get some nice clothes for a good price . 
   `` free range '' is supposed to be where they can go in and out on their own i do n't know if they changed the definition , but a few years ago it was basically `` they must have access to the outside and natural sunlight must enter the building '' or something similar . 
  which meant that one skylight and one tiny balcony was enough if you wanted to put `` free range '' sticker on those eggs . 
   organic eggs dammit , so all those eggs from cages are synthetic ? 
   slaughter of all hens once productivity drops remain the norm . 
  bastards !, 
  those hens deserve a nice and warm retirement . 
  i volunteer to pay $ 20 per egg to ensure that every old hen is placed on a lovely retirement home in the countryside , with nice views and lots of earthworms . 
  who 's with me ? 
  i have , and i did n't really see much reason . 
  why are n't indigenous australians graduating ? 
  why are there no women in the parliament ? 
  who elects the parliament ? 
  is quotas really the solution here ? 
  quotas do n't solve anything if women themselves feel like they 'd rather vote for a guy . 
   how receptive is the government to internet disrupters ( airbnb , uber , etc. . ) ? 
  these services operate in vilnius , we also have a few local alternatives . 
  i do n't thing that uber will last long because it 's not noticeably cheaper than a cheap taxi , and the quality is very similar . 
  taxis in general are quite nice . 
  also , there are all those legal issues , like you have to have special type of commercial insurance if you 're carrying paying passengers . 
  obviously uber drivers do n't have it , so it 's still unclear what will happen in case of an accident . 
  i 've heard that latvia is actually better , there 's a serious shortage of intelligent , educated men . 
  last i checked ( 5 years ago ) , it was something like 80 % of all university graduates were women . 
   quotas hold merit in my opinion . 
  no , quotas never hold merit in any way . 
  quotas mean that you 'll have to select an applicant based on their gender rather than their abilities and knowledge , and that 's bad . 
  men stick to engineering , computer sciences and all sorts of physics . 
  that 's what creates the `` pay gap '' , i guess . 
  woo , lithuania can into first place !, 
  just some more effort and we first !, 
  lithuania confirmed as pagan . 
  although now that i think about it , there 's one town called \u0160ventoji . 
  it means literally `` the saint one '' or `` the holy one '' . 
  we did n't have any tech by the time the soviet union collapsed , so we started almost from zero , using best technology of the time . 
  meanwhile , western countries already had all sorts of infrastructure and just kept slightly improving it over the years . 
  so in 1995 we were using stuff that was just a couple years old while uk or us was using decades-old copper wires and old systems . 
   so is 4g . 
  i do n't know where you were going with that one . 
  i was going by this bit of yours  we have 1gb/s fiber optic internet in romania and 4g mobile internet .
