  yes , that would be so misleading . 
  it 's not propaganda , it really was like that in the soviet times . 
  moscow was in a fairly good position because it was the capital of the ussr and those stores were usually getting enough products . 
  smaller , more remote cities always lacked everything . 
  i remember standing in a huge line with my mother to buy some bread . 
  stealing existed throughout that time . 
  a friend of mine worked as a security guy during night shifts in one fish processing plant . 
  he would get a huge bag full of smoked fish after every shift , in exchange for not seeing anything . 
  all workers were stealing fish . 
  eh , russia these days is pissed off by pretty much everything . 
  great !, 
  hopefully chevron will drill my back yard hard . 
  what ? 
  scared ? 
  annoyed ? 
  a little bit . 
  russia is acting just like these russian guys here . 
  they 're all tough and bad-ass when they 're in a group against one or two guys . 
  and yet they run away screaming if there 's two of them against a group of normal people . 
  i am not afraid of them ever trying to invade us , because they will simply fail . 
  pro-russian minority in lithuania is tiny , it 's not like in crimea . 
  absolute majority is pro-eu . 
  it 's a completely different soup , only the name is similar . 
  do n't blame the government , they do n't control who earns what . 
  some people simply know how to build a successful business , nothing wrong with that . 
  i 've never been to india , but europe really is very diverse . 
  it 's getting more even , but it 's a slow process . 
  i think he 's just continuing the joke ... 
  fairly standard price in eastern europe . 
  i pay 12 euros for 300 mbps . 
  me too . 
  i mean , uk talking positively about france is quite rare . 
   do n't start crying if west does nothing for ukraine . 
  well , west really is n't doing much . 
  some basic supplies and charity stuff , same as for any other country in the world . 
  although us did send some troops to help with training . 
  they would n't go far in the baltics , mainly because we 're so small . 
  there are no large pro-russian regions like in ukraine . 
  and trying to occupy a country where the population is strongly against it would be pretty much impossible . 
  also , we 're bringing back mandatory military service , 3000 men a year , for start . 
  the lists will be published tomorrow . 
  what we have in lithuania is more of a detention centre , the immigrants are kept behind bars . 
  only a couple hundred people per year get permits to stay here . 
  many of them come here just because it 's an easy way to get into schengen zone , not because they actually want to live in lithuania . 
  as for ukrainians , it makes sense . 
  we should help our own citizens and closest neighbours before taking in crowds of people from far away . 
  why ? 
  because there 's no other place to put them . 
  we already have plenty of homeless people here , children and all , who ca n't get help . 
  now you propose to throw in a thousand uneducated , malnourished refugees who do n't speak the language and to give them a house and food . 
  also , we 're fairly [ good members of the eu ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35ml4h/the_most_and_least_obedient_eu_member_states/ ) . 
  okay , how many refugees are you willing to accommodate in your home ? 
  there is no responsibility . 
  we never asked for any refugees . 
  you 're advocating for turning europe into another africa . 
  they already have all the manpower they could ever need , but they do n't want to actually do anything . 
  they would rather go here and enjoy the good life , all while slowly bleeding their new home to death . 
  islam is a religion of peace . 
  they kill all non muslims , then all muslims with different type of beliefs , then starve to death themselves . 
  then peace will prevail . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  for example , the officially recognised geographical center of europe is in lithuania , yet culturally and politically we 're somewhere between eastern and northern europe . 
  posting comments without any practical purpose ? 
  this is the main street in the capital city , there are all sorts of fairs , festivals and concerts going on all the time . 
  this one is not permanent , it will be replaced by something else fairly soon . 
  mmm indeed . 
  that taller guy in pic 6 is our new mayor . 
  it really depends on where you 're from . 
  as i found out , serbs got majorly fucked by the nazis . 
  meanwhile , lithuanians got fucked by soviets much more than by the nazis . 
  these ones were only after the jews , while soviets wanted to eliminate lithuania as a nation completely . 
  we both grew up in different countries , with different history and different aggressors . 
  for example , nazis in lithuania were n't killing local native people . 
  they did kill almost all jews in the country ( around 200 000 people ) , but not native lithuanians . 
  possibly because lithuanians look quite similar to germans , but who knows , i 'm just guessing here . 
  meanwhile , soviets were slaughtering everyone . 
  they actually had a goal of eliminating lithuania as a nation . 
  thousands upon thousands of people were sent off to prisons and work camps for no reason at all . 
  doctors , teachers , all sorts of educated people were sent off because the soviet government decided that they might try to start a revolution or something . 
  i do n't know why you 're so keen on proving that my experience does n't matter . 
  so your reason is just personal experience . 
  i could tell you plenty of equally horrifying stories about soviets . 
  are you one of those old guys who think that life was better back in the soviet days ? 
   in soviet regime , as bad as it was , you still had a chance to live . 
  as a slave . 
  luckily , soviets did n't get their way either . 
  and not everyone was killed by nazis . 
  what 's your point ? 
  ah , i 'm glad that you have an actual way of measuring how bad some types of murders are . 
  killing someone for their opinions is better than killing for skin colour . 
  so you would choose a life of torture , starvation , oppression and imprisonment , instead of death ? 
  you know what 's sad ? 
  you taking my words out of context . 
  also , did nazis really have a plan to kill absolutely every single person on the planet and then genetically engineer a perfect race ? 
  it 's debatable whether the soviets or nazis were worse , but the soviets were definitely * one of the * bad guys . 
  what they call liberation was actually occupation . 
  same as they liberated crimea last year . 
  the russians today are celebrating the beginning of the soviet regime and occupation of neighbouring countries . 
  somewhere in the beginning of that video the narrator mentions the liberation of the baltic states . 
  same with soviets , they really did n't like certain groups of people , such as christians or jews .
