  in reality almost no one even went to vote , and those who did voted against russia . 
  unofficial data says something like 18 % attendance . 
  i have friends and relatives there , but they have since left crimea . 
  those poll results were too obvious to question whether russia was running the whole show or not . 
  as for nazis , you said [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hm3f2/crimea_six_months_after_it_was_annexed_by_russia/cku5l7q ) that they 're fighting for ukraine in the east . 
   what has happened before was that people of some worth disappeared , not some random protester . 
  this statement of yours shows that you know absolutely nothing about the russian way , what kgb did and all that . 
  you could 've been arrested for making a joke about the shittyness of the government * in your own home * . 
  that good friend of yours was actually a kgb agent and he gave you in , because he felt that you were complaining about the government too much . 
  participating in actual protests would have resulted in your whole family just disappearing . 
   didnt even mention anything russia has claimed ( that hasnt been claimed in western media as well ) in this entire thread . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure that you did . 
  kremlin 's main official excuse for the actions in ukraine is that kiev is controlled by nazis who are torturing their own people . 
  that 's what they keep repeating on state-run news channels and in all mass media . 
  did you not read my comment ? 
  she has every right to believe that this was exactly what happened because it * happened before * . 
  also , it seems like you really dislike `` propaganda from kiev '' but are ok with propaganda from moscow . 
  why is that ? 
  ok , so it all started when you said that the disappearing of two friends of that woman is just hysterical paranoia or something . 
  but the trick is that it 's not . 
  we 've seen it happen many many times in the soviet union and in russia after that . 
  it 's the government 's way of dealing with people who try to cause unrest , revolution or something similar . 
  believing what that woman said is not `` brainwashed sheep '' stuff , it 's actually very probable . 
  why ? 
  because we know for a fact that the russian government is ok with it . 
  it was one of the main tasks for the kgb , find and remove those who are actively against the government 's ideologies . 
   if a claim of russia annexing crimea is true does that mean that claim of russia invading mexico is true ? 
  see the difference ? 
  ... what ? 
  do you know what evidence is ? 
  a claim is not baseless if it 's backed up by tons of evidence . 
   who gives a fuck who reports it . 
  everyone who wants to see actual facts and not propaganda ? 
  so that 's not you , i guess . 
   nazis fight in volunteer battalions on east . 
  do they ? 
  i do n't remember seeing a single svastika among all those videos . 
  not a single concentration camp either . 
  could you enlighten me ? 
  it 's not a claim , it 's a fact . 
  plenty of evidence for it . 
   just because ukraine uses nazis to fight that 's what russian media repeats all the time . 
  so yea , i probably would n't believe you . 
  i live in ex-soviet country , we have plenty of experience with russian propaganda machine . 
  it 's really easy to tell facts from propaganda when you live with it for a few decades . 
  the facts are quite clear , russia has occupied and annexed crimea , now is doing the same in eastern ukraine , sending soldiers there constantly . 
  that 's an objective fact . 
   anti russian circlejerk because russia is the only actual victim in this whole thing ? 
   and posting time limit you either have n't verified your email , or you are a bad person who does n't add anything to the discussion . 
  time limit will appear if you get downvoted a lot , i.e. 
  to slow down your trolling . 
  yes yes , and they are all literally hitlers . 
  that could be said to you too ... 
  being a little over the line is all you need to be snatched up by an angry russian !, 
  so finish your meal and go to bed . 
  it would be nice for a change , but it probably wo n't happen . 
  this is n't the first time when thousands are in the streets . 
  the police and special forces will arrest as many as they can , beat the others and that will be all . 
  police are now regrouping , soon there will be hundreds arrested . 
  multiple helicopters can be heard on live feed . 
  yes , the official term is public service announcement or something . 
  russia wo n't take over the whole world overnight . 
  not gon na happen , this would be a suicide for russia . 
  doing this would n't result in a few measly sanctions and a few bans to travel to us . 
  it would be a complete , total embargo of absolutely everything , either way . 
  without anyone to buy their gas and oil , russia would go bankrupt very quickly . 
  what we call eastern europe is really south-eastern europe , i.e. 
  everything from bulgaria to belarus . 
  lithuania politically and culturally is eastern europe , geographically it 's central europe ( guinness book of world records recognizes our center of europe as the one true center ) and visually it 's northern , because we 're at the same latitude as the southern end of sweden . 
  i personally think that the baltics are north-eastern . 
  of course not . 
  it 's just that they do n't really have a choice . 
  of course , every country has their problems , but actually france is quite high on the list of good countries . 
  especially when we 're comparing it to somalia or eritrea . 
  because france has a functioning government . 
  that makes sense . 
  on the other hand , does russia really see finland as a threat ? 
  is putin afraid that finns ( or estonians or anyone else ) will just invade them and try to occupy moscow or something ? 
  who does n't see russia as a threat , besides maybe china ? 
  ours is about to be opened , gas will be imported from norway . 
  a big-ass ship was built specifically for this task , it 's currently on the way here from korea . 
  lithuania has just sent a few tons of supplies for the soldiers . 
  not guns , just food , clothes , sleeping bags and such . 
  if putin attacks the baltics and nato does n't do anything , then the whole organisation falls apart . 
  putin will take romania after that , maybe bulgaria or moldova , since they are not any more important than the baltics , step by step he could take over the whole europe . 
  when would nato start actually doing something ? 
  when weird green guys showed up in the outskirts of berlin ? 
  none . 
  they actually only agreed to start thinking about holding another meeting in which they may or may not talk about ending the war . 
  they probably shot those rockets towards the ukrainian military bases and then just pretended to be shooting them towards poland . 
  with money comes power . 
  if you have billions then you can hire more troops , train soldiers , occupy countries . 
  norway . 
   the only high-profile politician in europe who is n't afraid of telling it like it is . 
  is he really the only one ? 
  this is just asking for some russian freedom givers . 
  it has n't been called wilno since 1939 . 
  that one is n't cheap , 
  that food is n't just sitting there , waiting for anyone to take it . 
  it still costs money .
