  yeah ... 
  i do n't know about that . 
  they 're all citizens of the same country . 
  lots of them are fighting against the government . 
  by definition , the people ( the nation ) are fighting the government . 
  keep in mind that having different political views does n't make one a foreigner . 
  you 'll have to say more than that . 
  so far government really is fighting the nation . 
  soon the klitchko 's army will advance , we should get some interesting sights . 
  populist crap , to be fair . 
  we 've got our own problems to deal with . 
  moreover , we 're way too small and insignificant to have any noticeable effect on this . 
  russia has offered various perks for ukraine if it stays with the motherland . 
  stuff like funding for the industry , beneficial trade deals and all that . 
  of course they have an interest to have as many allies around them as possible . 
  ukraine is one of the largest potential candidates , but the people still remember the days of the soviet union . 
  naturally , they do n't really want to go back . 
  i do n't see what 's funny there . 
  lithuania here , we had -20 this morning . 
  two weeks ago we did n't even have winter , it was warm and without snow . 
  there are certain secondary signs of both sides being crazy terrorists . 
  for example , there are lots of syrians in the uk . 
  that 's all fine . 
  however , if they go back to syria to fight , then they get their uk citizenship removed . 
   fsa is not terrorist group it sort of is . 
  both sides are crazy islamists . 
  the future of syria is fucked up no matter which side wins . 
  it 's the other way around here . 
  we 've got this one crazy lady living in a 1 room apartment . 
  she used to have four or five cats , but she tripped on one and broke her arm . 
  she kicked most of the cats outside ( kept one , her favorite ) so now they live all around the apartment block . 
  she still feeds them every day . 
  the cats piss in the staircases of the building as well as the basement , they leave scratch marks on cars and they poop in the sandbox where kids play . 
  well , used to play , since now it 's a cat toilet . 
  one neighbour 's kid told the lady that he will call animal control , to catch those cats since they cause damage , she started screaming and threatening police , since those cats are her property and all that . 
  i 'll admit that we tried poisoning those little fuckers . 
  it did n't work , found cat 's footprints all over my car . 
  a neighbour ( accomplice ) found cat poop on his door mat . 
  ** lithuania ** finally the snow has come !, 
  everything else fades before that . 
  then again , she is european ( and almost northern ) , so it all fits in . 
  others claim that she 's a character from a fictional movie `` van der hoot : psychische ( de mentalist ) '' which was featured in 30 rock . 
  not a police officer but an garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na , often called simply garda\u00ed . 
  was n't that from a movie or something ? 
  it 's not as spain-y as some other suggestions here , but tenerife ( canary islands ) is really nice . 
  great weather , everything 's cheap , plenty of activities for everyone . 
  yup , its all thanks to the engineers who designed a protective steel cover on that forklift . 
  oh man ... a whole pallet of orange juice , all over the forklift and the floor ... 
  the guy who made this is known for making these interesting , unconventional ad campaigns and viral videos . 
  it could be an ad for the movie , but it could also be his own personal project , simply because he had some spare time . 
  he 's made a few videos that look like they advertise something , but in fact he simply picked out a random product and made an ad for it . 
  i hate those days when the sea is just like a giant puddle , no movement . 
  it 's simple , you start smoking way too much !, 
  cigarettes here are very cheap when compared to the rest of the world . 
  we have a non-lethal version of it , it 's called fog . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/85sdhb6.png ) is a screenshot from my dashcam from about an hour ago . 
  in other places the visibility was less than 10 metres , it 's like driving through milk . 
  that 's not forgotten and people are working on it , but there 's one issue , which explains why so much more attention is paid to kgb : no one even knew that we had cia prisons until the media announced that . 
  meanwhile , kgb was everywhere . 
  say a wrong joke about the government at a wrong time and bam , your whole family disappears without a trace . 
  i do n't think there was a single person in the country who did n't lose a friend or a relative due to them . 
  it 's only natural that people are eager to punish those responsible . 
  what 's nasty is that russia still denies that they ever occupied us . 
  now you see , we export dairy products to more than 70 countries in the world . 
  so far not a single one of them said anything about the quality or safety , besides russia . 
  what 's more interesting is that russia is refusing to specify what 's wrong with our dairy or what product was found to be of low quality . 
  whenever some food imports are banned , the country quickly announces what was wrong with it and what were the reasons . 
  for example , a few months ago polish waffles were banned in lithuania because traces of rat poison were found on the packaging , or something like that . 
  it makes sense that everything from that particular facility is banned until the issue is resolved . 
  but banning every single item from the whole country for weeks without giving a reason ? 
  how is that not political . 
  trying to punish the ex-kgb agents ? 
  yes , super russophobic . 
  do you even know what kgb did ? 
  in this case it 's purely political . 
  and when you think about it , their own food safety standards are n't exactly top-notch ... 
  not all homeless people want to get their life back on tracks . 
  a few years ago some journalists did a big research project about homeless people . 
  they talked about various options that the homeless people have but do n't take . 
  for example , one farmer went to a local homeless crib and offered them a job in his farm . 
  they would get minimum wage , but also a free bed and food . 
  the guys refused , they earn more than a minimum wage just by begging on the streets or collecting empty beer bottles . 
  it was just a long exposure . 
  i live right next to a big city too ( vilnius in lithuania ) and the night sky looks [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/py9w82i.jpg ) . 
  that 's just a small area of the sky , as i did n't have a wider lens at that time . 
  how many people do you know personally that won a lottery ? 
   the hadopi law was revoked on 10 july 2013 by the french government because the punitive penalties imposed on copyright infringers was considered to be disproportionate . 
  i sure hope not . 
  i mean , so far the european governments have been much saner ( much more sane ? ), 
  than the us one . 
  my government is currently considering an alternative to torrenting that will ( supposedly ) be easier and faster than the pirate bay . 
  we do n't have anything like netflux or hulu , and spotify became available just a couple of months ago . 
  that 's just a financial maneuvering around the income/expenses laws . 
  the money you do n't spend is * not * a profit . 
  profit is what you earn . 
  the governments often have no other options , as they rely on us for various things ( usually trade agreements ) too heavily . 
  us can cut them off without too many consequences , though . 
  he most likely actually is like that , especially about the whole gay thing . 
  it would fit right in with most of his fans . 
  back in the soviet union homosexuality was viewed as an illness and abnormality , so most people still think like that .
