  they just go and bomb shit . 
  just like they do at home every other day . 
   to create friction between muslims and non-muslims in europe . 
  you sure that it 's not to turn the world into one giant islamic caliphate ? 
  because that 's definitely their goal in the middle east . 
  no , their goal is to kill dirty infidels . 
  they said that quite a few times . 
   long-term , the best option is to actually ignore attacks yea , just let them keep blowing up whatever they want . 
  they 'll see that no one is looking and get bored . 
  perfect strategy . 
  `` i 've been to riga , it 's nice ! '', 
  or `` so you 're all basically russians ? '', 
  do you remember the name of the documentary ? 
  would be interesting to watch . 
  [ this road here . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@54.048506,123.8267128,3a,75y,299.5h,72.53t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sogb-vtm7p0nbtvl9tt7htg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) the only road crossing almost the whole russia from east to west . 
  open [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@60.9492341,90.6002424,4z ) and click the little yellow guy in the bottom right corner . 
  all street view roads will be highlighted in blue ( sometimes takes a bit to load ) . 
  the road in question will be seen clearly , it 's the only continuous road crossing russia . 
  for background videos i can recommend this train [ from norway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pvwfzsgloq ) or this airplane [ from swiss alps . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bztcdl5v3i ) alternatively , a motherfucking live stream of earth [ from space !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njcdzwti-xg ), 
  it would n't be very interesting , as it 's mostly just plain highways and forests . 
  that 's because most of them are living around here . 
  same with polish minorities , they 're mostly located on the outskirts of vilnius . 
  or five and a half days [ by car !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/dir/moscow,+maskva,+rusija/magadanas,+magadano+sritis,+rusija/@56.7910488,77.2821503,4z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x46b54afc73d4b0c9:0x3d44d6cc5757cf4c!2m2!1d37.6173!2d55.755826!1m5!1m1!1s0x596984812d524ae9:0x39c94ce7e19c065b!2m2!1d150.8301413!2d59.5611525 ), 
  google maps shows a road , but i guess it would n't make much sense to use it instead of a plane . 
  10 000 km to moscow ... 
  i 'll take that s, 
  fun fact : you can travel all the way from portugal to the corner of russia which borders with north korea without ever stepping off the asphalt . 
  even more fun fact : there 's street view of this whole road . 
  there 's also street view in kamchatka . 
  architecture and buildings look almost identical to any other place in russia , but the atmosphere is somehow weird and unfamiliar . 
  it 's really strange . 
  it 's exactly the same with russians in lithuania . 
  many still do n't speak the language after living here for 3 or 4 * decades * , others constantly complain about gayrope and how they hope that putin will come and fix things . 
  oh , i was under impression that you had way more than that . 
  i had a few romanian friends back when i was studying in the uk and they often mentioned how big of a problem those gypsies were . 
  but half of your population is actual gypsies , right ? 
  okay , at what point will you decide that it 's no longer overestimated ? 
  how long do we have to wait ? 
  we offered them some stuff but they still emigrated to the west , just like one third of our population . 
   then why lump all muslims in with them ? 
  isis follows the quran to the letter . 
  they take it super-literally . 
  one of the five pillars of islam is that the quran is absolutely , totally perfect , it 's the literal word of allah and there 's not a single mistake anywhere in it . 
  if someone calls themselves a muslim , then they must agree with what isis does , even if they do n't act on it . 
  otherwise they would be disagreeing with their own god . 
  this is a great example of their stupidity . 
  the whole clan thinks just like him . 
  `` oh you kill our civilians ? 
  that 's very bad , you ca n't kill civilians !, 
  as a revenge for their death , we 'll kill a bunch of your civilians !, 
  see how you like that , scum ! '', 
  but their goal is to kill people quickly . 
  attacking a military base would n't work that well when you 're just a single guy with a truck . 
   sweden is one of the very best places to live on this planet . 
  for how long ? 
   we just have to get on with our lives and deal with it . 
  and then they 'll just keep smashing stuff . 
   also , keeping 72 women satisfied , dude , this is islam . 
  you 're not supposed to care about satisfaction of your women . 
  they 're property . 
  yes , those extremist muslims would calm down instantly if someone just gave them a hug . 
  oh they care , isis confirmed it many times . 
  they 're bombing muslims in syria because those are not true muslims . 
  they give rights to women and they do n't even kill jews whenever they see them , so they deserve to die just like perverted swedish capitalist pigs . 
  they 're not muslims . 
  that 's sufficient for isis . 
  there are several russian-funded `` news '' websites which are aimed at minorities in various regions of the baltic states . 
  all they talk about is bullshit . 
  here in lithuania they 've hired the shittiest , stupidest idiots . 
  fools who somehow once got into tv and are somewhat known , retards who somehow managed to get into the parliament several years ago , etc. 
  they mostly write about how horrible the eu is , how everything 's been going downhill since we left the soviet union and how everything worsened even more when we joined the eu . 
  it 's all false but some people want to read this . 
  baltnews.lt is for lithuania , sputniknews.com is for all europe . 
  that 's probably true , yet that page currently is quite nice . 
  lots of country flags , lots of little hearts among them , cartoon characters , mona lisa is still there , the darth plagueis has been untouched for quite a while now , etc. 
  there is a point in bank account balance where it outweighs even the biggest nuttiness , if you know what i mean . 
  that 's why saudi arabia is treated by most like a normal country . 
  they are , but they 're also rich , so there 's that . 
    turkey is full of poor people  so is eastern europe well then why are we in the eu/schengen and you 're not ? 
  because erdogan and other muslim nutjobs like him , that 's why . 
  that 's actually a no-way street . 
  it 's a dead end with a few shops and bars . 
  there 's no car park or anything and you ca n't drive through the gate at the end of the street . 
  stop making shit up , ok ? 
  just two comments ago rent was 600 in the netherlands , now it 's 1000 ? 
  lithuanian wage is a little bit higher at ~ 600 euros . 
  it 's over 1000 in the capital city , though . 
  anyway , the fact is that turkey is huge and full of poor uneducated people . 
  letting them all into eu would not be a wise decision . 
  georgia is comparatively tiny , so there 's no real threat . 
  also , culturally they 're closer to us than turkey is , since they 're mostly christian . 
  also , all eu citizens can travel to georgia without visas and without passports , all we need is an id card . 
  so this is basically just returning the favor . 
  ... i would not be surprised about the wine . 
  i 've heard stories about their top level hospitality , where even a taxi driver will invite you for lunch to his home if you 're not in a rush . 
  i just checked , georgia accepts id cards from all eu members , you can stay there for up to a year without visas .
