  they 'll leave as soon as they 're released from the immigration centre , i 'm sure . 
  it 's cold here and they will never get any work . 
  most stores take quite a bit of time . 
  petrol stations take 2 minutes if you just want to grab two bottles of beer . 
  but alcohol + car is weird ? 
  like , you never drive your car to a party , or a camping trip or something ? 
  because i do , and then i either stay there until i sober up , or i leave my car and pick it up the next day . 
  it 's more convenient than stopping by a store , as petrol stations are usually right next to the main road and i can park at the door . 
  yeah , we got that a few years ago too , now alcohol is not for sale at night , from 10pm to 8am . 
  some politicians are suggesting extending that time even more , from 8pm to 10am . 
  what this does is give more business to illegal stores which sell alcohol at night . 
   the whole idea of a service which one uses mainly for the car also suggesting alcohol seems a bit off when you think about it . 
  yes , some people from the parliament mentioned it , too . 
  others asked if we should ban food as well . 
  now you see , some stations are in areas where there are no stores nearby . 
  mostly rural areas , villages . 
  people want to buy alcohol , so they go to the petrol station , as it 's closer . 
  the station was getting much more income from it than from petrol , because of huge markups . 
  now with alcohol gone it 's not profitable to operate anymore , so they 'll close . 
  this was never an issue because prices of everything there were insane . 
  beer was often 50 % more expensive than in normal stores . 
  as a result , just 1.9 % of all alcohol sold in lithuania was sold in petrol stations . 
  it 's a very stupid and very pointless new law . 
  lithuania . 
  alcohol is now banned from petrol stations . 
  geniuses at the parliament figured that drunk drivers must be getting drunk when they stop for petrol , so this must help solve the problem . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  nah , it sucks in summer because you ca n't see any of those nice buildings , everything 's blocked by trees everywhere . 
  and you ca n't walk down the main streets because all those little cafes , bakeries , restaurants and pubs put tables outside and everyone just sits there and parties every night . 
  it 's horrible . 
  please do , it 's [ really nice ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7hy9m20.jpg ) now . 
  yep , same here . 
  all the douches now buy bmws because old ones are fairly cheap , parts are easily available and they can drift now that we have snow everywhere . 
  i doubt it 's edible . 
  why is russia seeping into latvia ? 
  op , explain yourself . 
  you could also get one of those funny masks , they 're [ amusing . 
  * sigh ... * fine , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uctqedi.jpg ) is a ski mask and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g7xfldl.jpg ) is a bank robber mask . 
  i think the difference is really obvious . 
  nah , that should be fine . 
  i mean , it 's a sky mask , after all . 
  going skiing with your robber mask , now that could cause some problems . 
  everyone would freak out and stuff . 
  http://i.imgur.com/uszp7fb.jpg it makes me feel funny . 
  as i said , skiing mask . 
  do n't use a bank robber mask . 
  i think the difference is obvious . 
  use a skiing mask . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b8ntuc9.jpg ) is vilnius , pic taken today . 
  temperature around -3 today , should go down to -10 at night and stay like that for quite a while . 
  really strange , considering that it was +10 and really nice a week ago . 
  still nonsense . 
  it does n't take into account the clothing . 
  with windproof jacket you wo n't freeze either way . 
  now imagine having to live there . 
  last weekend it was +10 in vilnius , really nice and warm , no wind . 
  then just bam , massive snowstorm . 
  i was making a joke about nazi concentration camps , sorry . 
  no institution * now * . 
  some time in the 1940s , on the other hand ... 
   claiming that we are nazi . 
  tell me , what institution would i have to go to , if i wanted to find piles of bodies that nobody needs ? 
  you 're giving them too much credit , such a goal is way too far fetched . 
  they 're people of simple minds , thugs and criminals . 
  they just want to kill all infidels and have their own cute little sharia continent , all to themselves . 
  would you think better of me if i took fifty refugees into my home ? 
  so we should wait until the terrorists do so much damage that our society collapses ? 
  because isis have said quite a few times that this is exactly their goal . 
  and they also said that they sent thousands of their guys to europe . 
  with fake/stolen passports . 
  and germany has said that some 300 000 immigrants have just disappeared without a trace , and that 's just in germany alone . 
  am i really the crazy one if i feel like something bad is going to happen soon ? 
  i checked the whole harry potter and the philosopher 's stone and it 's not there . 
  your thinking completely ignores the fact that humans have feelings . 
  no one is going to be happy if they get a big-ass bomb explosion once a year , even if the government gives them 10 billion euros to go to universities . 
  oh , so you 're a pro-immigration , pro-islam crazy . 
  that explains your denial of terrorism . 
  i 'm 7 . 
  please respond faster , i have to go to bed soon . 
   infrastructure damage is orders of magnitude less than surveillance costs . 
  having to replace one or two buildings or mass transit vehicles per year is n't worth bothering about . 
  so you measure people 's well-being and happiness in euros ? 
  do you really want to live in a city that gets attacked every now and then and the government simply rebuilds that building , because `` it 's cheaper than surveillance '' and because more people die in car accidents anyway ? 
  is this how you look at war , too ? 
  more people die of starvation , so it 's not * that * big of a problem anyway ? 
  i do n't know , it feels like you 're pro-killing-of-infidels . 
  i 've met a few such people there . 
   it 's just one more problem on a long list of `` issues that can be managed , but never solved '' list . 
  `` you can try to stop us , but we 'll never stop , you 'll never feel safe again . '', 
  how about not all terrorism , but at least most of it ? 
  all my text messages and phone calls are recorded and stored for 6 months already , and somehow i 'm all fine . 
  chance of injury is not the only problem of terrorism . 
  destruction of infrastructure and feeling of safety is a bigger problem . 
  what the hell is going on here . 
  are you from / r/islam or something ? 
  i 'll wait until a major terrorist attack in berlin and see what you have to say then . 
  you 're saying that we should just accept the fact that terrorists will occasionally blow up some city and shoot hundreds of people . 
  and we should n't really do much about it , because the only alternative is `` boo hoo , police state . '', 
  do n't you think that the current anti-terrorist tactics in france are not sufficiently effective ? 
  what are you suggesting ?
