  it 's easy to count votes when there are just two possible options . 
  no , that does n't happen . 
  it 's the same as in austria , we have a fairly clear distinction between city and not-city . 
  the only exception are students . 
  they come to the city from some remote little village , live there for a year and then think that they 're city people . 
  air horns are so last season , now we use [ drums !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/spa46iz.jpg ) but yes , all sorts of noise-making devices are popular . 
  basketball is like a religion , everyone wants to be as much into it as possible . 
  i hate basketball . 
  edit : as for food , i 'm just kidding . 
  i know that you guys have proper food . 
  so does everyone else , to be fair . 
  we all are eating essentially the same stuff , just prepared slightly differently . 
  anyone could find something really good to eat in any country . 
  i was kind of kidding about cars too . 
  some high octane racing would be fun . 
  you know , insane machines with idiotic amounts of power , flames and all that , but it would n't work very well here , we just do n't have any proper race tracks . 
  lower-power rally-cross , circuit racing and similar stuff is already quite popular , so that market is saturated . 
  we 've already got american movies and tv shows , and there 's nothing really interesting beyond that . 
  i literally ca n't think of anything . 
  i wanted to say food , but us food is basically deep-fried butter . 
  cars , but then i remembered coal rolling and mustangs which physically ca n't * not * crash . 
  we 've got amazing beer , great cheese , awesome music festivals , internet is fast , mobile data is free , government is alright , democracy is functional ... oh , i thought of something : i 'd love to have someone like canada as a neighbour . 
  i 've been to [ teide national park ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ayiumtl.jpg ) in tenerife , does that count ? 
  it was quite hot there , but not very hot as i was there in april . 
  there 's a massive volcano in the middle , very cold up top , i got caught in an ice storm , it was fun . 
  maybe this is only in their saul\u0117tekio place ? 
  i bought a kebab there last week , paid 2,10 for it . 
  they even have 10 % discount if you come in after 18.00 . 
  looks like you have old prices http://i.imgur.com/z71p2hu.png, 
  first day of school is always 1st of september . 
  the end of the school year varies a lot , some schools have the last few weeks dedicated for museums , parks and stuff , you know , like practical learning or something . 
  the government talked about extending the school year by one month , leaving just two months of holidays , but both the teachers and the students protested . 
  government says that longer school year will get better results . 
  everyone else says that optimising the school system will get better results . 
  sinano kebabai , that 's the price of a small one . 
  jammi sells small ones with pork for 2.30 . 
  in my usual bars in vilnius : car share/uber/taxi to the city centre ~ 7e four beers x 2,50 e ; 10e a pack of ciggies 3,30 e two tequila shots x 2e ; 4e some long drink with gin or rum or whatever 3e kebab 2.10 e uber/taxi to get home ~ 10e total 39.40 e. 
  i usually do n't spend that much . 
  i 'm not a teenager anymore , so hangovers can be quite a lot worse than they were ten years ago after drinking the same amount of alcohol . 
  drinking at home is obviously a lot cheaper . 
  0.5 l of beer usually costs around 1 euro or less . 
  a bottle of decent wine goes for 5-8 euros . 
  strong drinks are more expensive and depend on the maker , they can range from 10 to 30 euros for 0.5 l , if it 's 40 % alcohol . 
  it 's not , farmers talked about this over here during the last switch . 
  cows honestly do n't care if it 's 6 or 7 am , apparently . 
  why not just keep the winter time all year round , then ? 
  i understand and can speak a bit of russian , so i understand polish and slovakian too , since those languages have a lot in common . 
  i mean , his username here is don camillo . 
  your feeling is probably correct , only one guy out of ten people in this group is actual brit , all others are dirty immigrants . 
  ah now i 'm sad . 
  boaty mcboatface was such an amazing opportunity to make a massive media campaign for the popularisation of modern research . 
  imagine if they did one or two videos per week about boaty 's adventures in the polar seas . 
  millions of views , instantly . 
  that sounds a bit excessive for a huge ass-boat . 
  ... you got a liveleak link ? 
  yup , they should have it there too , kefir is popular in russia and most ex-soviet countries . 
  i got that , i hear that phrase a lot . 
  i did n't really have any friends when i came to the uk to study . 
  you know , awkward guy and all that . 
  so i pretended to be not awkward and found some friends . 
  turns out that it 's easier than it seems , we still do a reunion somewhere in britain once every two years or so . 
  next one is in october , i think . 
  sometimes i go to a pub alone . 
  then i pretend to know other single people . 
  i act all surprised because they do n't remember me , the cool guy pete , but then again , it 's been like five years ? 
  man , that was a wild week , we should do it again some time , but maybe tone down on booze a bit , we 're not 17 anymore , you know . 
  my name is n't actually pete , but it 's easy to remember . 
  my actual name is not pronounceable in english . 
  noo , it 's not cheese , not even close to it in any way . 
  it 's probably closer to yogurt , but more liquid . 
  poland has it too , so you could probably find some in polish shops . 
  every country in europe has polish shops , as far as i noticed . 
  you ever seen a boat on rails ? 
  aha , look at the number 6 in the list at 1:09 , estonians had kefir too !, 
  it 's not really spoiled on its own , it 's more like ... fermented ? 
  you have to add a slice of black bread or a tablespoon of kefir to a bottle of milk to start the process . 
  we do n't make it at home , we buy it in literally any grocery store anywhere in the country , as it 's a really popular drink . 
  i hosted one american guy from couchsurfing a few years ago . 
  he was traveling around the world , visited all interesting regions , only eastern europe and the balkans remained . 
  he tried a sip of kefir and said that it 's just too weird . 
  oh , we also make a soup with it . 
  we add pickled beetroots to it . 
  and the soup is served cold . 
  [ cold , pink , creamy soup , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnznz7s.jpg ) with a side of baked potatoes . 
  insanely amazing and refreshing on hot summer days . 
  humans can go to the fucking moon , but they ca n't make trains that float . 
  stupid , i say . 
  basically it 's milk that stood in your fridge for a while and became thick and creamy . 
  it tastes kind of sour , but it 's very refreshing . 
  i 'd say , in the same league as a glass of cold water with a slice of lemon in it . 
  it goes really well with pork sausages and baked potatoes . 
  it 's such a stupid , pointless thing . 
  i 'm yet to hear an explanation that makes sense . 
  twice per year someone from our parliament says that we should stop with that crap , everyone nods their heads , newspapers write a bit about it and a week later everything 's forgotten . 
  camilla is a popular female name in many countries . 
  you mean , with other random passengers ? 
  it 's not '20 yet . 
  are you predicting the future ? 
  we have those in lithuania too , same as kefir .
