  begging is now illegal in lithuania , which helps greatly . 
  instead , we got lots of people who play various instruments in pedestrian areas of the old town , so it 's a double-win . 
  they 're not allowed to ask for money but they can put a hat in front of them for donations . 
  first of all , it 's your money . 
  second , now you know that they 'll buy alcohol with that money . 
  consider that before giving them any more money . 
  yes , even if it 's an old lady or a little poor girl . 
  almost always there 's an old `` pimp '' standing somewhere on the corner watching them beg , who will collect the money at the end of the day . 
   but the eastern mentality is `` why pay for this shit , it 's not clean and punctual enough , it 's too expensive , i do n't make enough money '' . 
  no , not that . 
  eastern mentality is `` why pay for this shit if i can use it for free ? '', 
  they do n't look for excuses or justification . 
  being nice to everyone around you is seen as a weakness by these people . 
  more often than not they 'll just get a cheapest bottle of alcohol . 
  food is free at soup kitchens in most larger cities . 
  around 14 euros . 
   there is no way the average beggar in sweden makes more than one or a couple of euros a day . 
  you think that they sit there all day and get donations from one or two people ? 
  in the whole day ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   because then you can guilt people inte giving more money . 
  i 've been in poland last summer , over there they 've got a new tactic . 
  all those old guys obviously wo n't get many donations , so they get a little girl ( like 12 years old , maybe younger ) , give her a tiny accordion to play and then put a puppy in her lap . 
  how could you not give some money to that ? 
  the puppy is obviously on some heavy drugs to make sure that it sleeps all day . 
  same in lithuania . 
  often they ask for donations for some made-up charity which helps orphaned deaf blind children . 
   like during hurricane katrina in the us . 
  yea , that was a disgrace . 
  i wonder why the australians or really any europeans do n't start rioting when there 's something like that going on . 
  you 're right , i had football hooligans in mind , not all fans in general . 
   i really do n't think isis and football hooligans are that far apart . 
  one group knocks out a few teeth every now and then . 
  the other constantly rapes children and tortures foreign journalists . 
  yes , they 're quite similar . 
  it 's like you 're new to europe !, 
  football fans go to football matches only because they get a chance to fight with fans of the opposing team after the game . 
  in case of no games , they 'll just fight whatever . 
  the flag on the map might be slightly wrong , though . 
  well then why are they constantly trying to defect ? 
  both south korea and china constantly get them . 
  china returns them if they 're caught , which is what makes it worse than death . 
  they know better . 
  just as in soviet union , people use all sorts of illegal ways to get information from the outside . 
  illegal radio receivers , newspapers from the south , etc. 
  look at photos of north koreans and you 'll notice that they 're all sick of it . 
  but they ca n't do much because they would get shot as soon as they tried . 
  99 % of those north koreans will defect as soon as they get a chance . 
  they 're all coming here not because of the conflict . 
  they 're coming here because it might be their only chance to get into eu . 
  even if they had fairly decent life back home , they 'll still try to get in because life is better here . 
   the relocation plan was created by the eu commission . 
  with merkel at the front of it . 
  indeed . 
  i was told that lithuania should just leave the eu if we do n't want all those thousands of immigrants . 
  they 'll run away for a minute and get new documents . 
  only those who want to be deported can be deported . 
  they all see how overly bureaucratic everything is and how uber-polite all these people are , so tricking them and just being a dick is quite simple . 
   are there plans for it now ? 
  yes , they 're planning on scrapping what 's left of it . 
  it arrived at the port in italy in summer of 2014 , so it 's mostly done now . 
  it applies to all jobs where you do n't need to speak or read in english , as long as there 's someone who can speak your language and explain what needs to be done . 
  basic construction duties , factory jobs , warehouse stuff , cleaning , cooking , even programming . 
  unqualified jobs do n't require any knowledge of the language . 
  as i said , lots and lots of people who do n't speak a word in english . 
  factory managers get around this by hiring an assistant who speaks perfect polish and english . 
  i once met this lithuanian girl who got hired as a manager 's assistant in a fairly nice hotel in london because she could speak fluent english and polish . 
  the hotel was getting lots of applications for a job from polish people , for room services and stuff . 
  hiring of staff in most factories is done through agencies . 
  as far as i noticed , most of the people in those agencies are polish too . 
  i went through a dozen different workplaces and four agencies in two years , it 's all the same everywhere . 
  certain companies will ask for english-speaking workers , but those are quite rare . 
  more often they 'll ask for polish people , because those guys are known for working hard , 10-hour shifts starting at 6am with just one 20-minute break , for minimum wage . 
  i believe it . 
  there are lots of immigrants from eastern europe . 
  as a result , there are large communities where those same people open businesses , corner shops , etc. 
  there 's really no need to learn english if you 're polish , for example . 
  i 've worked in several factories while studying there , met lots of people who could n't say a word in english . 
  there were at least 4 polish food shops within walking distance of my house . 
  they should also drink alcohol , go to churches , night clubs and partake in gay sex , just to avoid any misunderstandings . 
  we 've been doing a pretty good job managing our part of the border , thank you very much . 
  so you 're saying that any country that objects to some eu proposal should be kicked out ? 
  even if said proposal is clearly crazy ? 
  yes , your solution is `` let 's continue taking in millions of migrants , but * be more careful this time . 
  * '' and you want to force them onto other countries . 
  could you clarify , what solution this is ? 
  how does it work ? 
   this year we take in 1.000.000 people ourselves , no . 
  no millions , no quotas . 
  each country has a standard system for working visa applications . 
  those who want to immigrate can go to their preferred country 's embassy , fill in the papers and wait for an answer . 
  we do n't have a duty to take in migrants , we do n't owe them anything . 
  germany is too kind to take action on this . 
  certain other countries might not be so nice to the immigrants . 
  mob justice is a serious thing . 
  it would definitely happen in rural areas of lithuania . 
  foreigners there are extremely rare to begin with . 
  black people are only ever seen in movies . 
  nonsense , lithuania just received a bunch of immigrants recently and they 're all happy and stuff !, 
  one family with two kids , to be more precise .
