  they use that passage to transport boats and airplanes between mainland russia and kaliningrad all the time . 
  military planes several times a week . 
  tons of them were imported from the eu . 
  now stuff like salmon and pineapples are being imported from belarus . 
  a very popular soviet cartoon , i loved watching it . 
  it 's similar to tom & jerry or something , where the big bad wolf constantly chases the rabbit ( the cartoon was called `` just you wait , rabbit '' , a russian saying with a rough meaning of `` payback is coming , you little shit '' ) . 
  the only difference is that it was full of propaganda , the wolf had all sorts of little hints , implying that he 's german . 
  the rabbit was this happy , healthy and smart soviet child who would always win against the wolf . 
  the trick is that they ca n't do it quickly , it will take many many years to build the technology . 
  remember , they ca n't import a lot of stuff from us or eu due to sanctions , so they ca n't just buy all the necessary machinery . 
  the result is that some products are completely gone ( fancy fish , tropical fruits and such ) and others will take a long time to be developed , like lactose-free milk products . 
  iirc , they called off that ban for lactose-free stuff because they simply could n't make them in russia for a reasonable price . 
  the rest of their economy is going downhill too , last i heard . 
  replacing all those eu producers with local ones proved to be harder than expected . 
  also , they still have a ban on new technology and foreign investments/loans . 
  [ they know . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpmlxisha3i ), 
  that does n't look right . 
  twenty five years ago , maybe , because russian language was taught at schools . 
  but it no longer is . 
   our corrupt politicians pandering to a butthurt population . 
  and yet you come here with a flag of donetsk `` republic '' . 
  hah , someone is jealous that we 're actually better than russia . 
  keep raging , buddy . 
  and who is hurt more , because of this ban ? 
  europe or the common russian people ? 
  moonshine is the american version . 
  in this part of europe it 's called samagon . 
  recipe is slightly different , it also has more alcohol . 
  it was n't really that rough , people could refuse to vote and no one would shoot them . 
  but then the government would edit the attendance reports to show 98 % attendance . 
  and why is food from eu countries illegal in russia ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  why was it illegal ? 
  did it come from some eu country or what ? 
  why was it illegal ? 
  what sort of markings should it have , to make it legal ? 
  but it 's not the russian people throwing away food that 's about to go bad . 
  it 's not supermarkets throwing away food that does n't look very nice . 
  this is the government throwing away actually perfectly good food for political reasons . 
  this is nothing new , elections back in the soviet union worked the same way . 
  people had just one political party to choose from . 
  `` locals have said that peaches can be turned into great homemade vodka . '', 
  looks like two other people said `` to be fair '' in those two minutes between your comments . 
  it suddenly became illegal because russia decided so . 
  not because there was anything wrong with the food . 
  russia uses these bans quite a lot , it 's a political tool . 
  actual health standards have nothing to do with it . 
  partly because food products in eu are made to way higher standards than in russia . 
   cause it opens them up to a potential lawsuit . 
  no one does that in russia . 
  why is there africa on the coin ? 
  a pint of beer in a bar , i assume ? 
  because otherwise it does n't make any sense , beer in stores is really quite cheap . 
  you guys should n't worry , those people will run away to uk or norway as soon as they get enough money for a ticket . 
  and what are you doing about this ? 
  what are the russian people doing about this crazy corruption in their government ? 
  we lithuanians had one shitty president years ago , he got too friendly with one rich russian businessman , who donated him a few millions for the election campaign . 
  we got him to court and fired him from the president 's post for it . 
  ca n't have corrupt people in such high positions . 
  a random factory worker with a wife and two kids from some remote town of russia , who supports putin and aggression in ukraine is not that important , really . 
   uncultured little bros i 'll accept that . 
  same applies to states within the us . 
  i know the interesting ones , like new york , california , nevada , texas or florida . 
  or washington dc . 
  the rest are not that interesting . 
  haha , you guys have a really shitty royal family . 
  same would happen to an american , if he was asked to write down the names of all counties within france . 
  they would probably write down paris , that 's all . 
  it is in a developed country . 
  in rural russia with nothing around you for hundreds of kilometres , not so much . 
  i live close to turni\u0161k\u0117s . 
  panamera is also quite common . 
  you clearly never tried farming to survive . 
  that might work if you 're using efficiently growing crops , modern farming techniques and all that . 
  you wo n't find that in the middle of nowhere , in russia . 
  those solar panels would cost more than a yearly total income of these families . 
  if all you grow is potatoes , maybe . 
  it 's really not enough to efficiently grow any crops . 
  one hectare is really not that much . 
  and this land is in the middle of fucking nowhere , so i do n't see why anyone would go there , unless they 're literally starving and homeless where they are now . 
  what 's the difference between an auris and a focus ? 
  very reliable . 
  depends entirely on which city you 're from . 
  i see lots of porsche cayenne 's . 
  in first half of this year 313 new fiats have been registered in lithuania , followed by 265 volkswagens and 209 toyotas . 
  fiat is cheaper . 
  unless , you know , they actually see what will happen to eu if it takes in millions of asylum seekers . 
  i do n't know where to look . 
  you 're saying that isis terrorists are hired/funded/paid by the us/eu/whatever government . 
  that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  guns might be sold to them by us companies , but those companies do not belong to the government . 
  that 's the only connection i can make . 
  so you 're saying that all of those isis scumbags are just hired actors , paid by the us/eu/russia / lizardpeople ? 
  i did , isis is happening . 
  ironically , it might just be the thing that will finally unite eu , us and russia . 
  which us actions cause instability in europe ? 
  are any of them shouting `` jesus is great ! '', 
  and then insisting that we all should live according to the bible ? 
  yes , but some groups cause more violence than others .
