  the baltic governments are in the finishing stages of planning the rail baltica , which will connect the baltic states to the rest of europe , going all the way to berlin . 
  no , i mean , who does n't eat them raw ? 
  all tomatoes are perfectly edible and delicious . 
   so sweet you can eat them raw . 
  so exactly the same as literally every single tomato i 've ever seen ? 
  some are sweeter than others , but every single one can be eaten raw as long as it 's ripe . 
  also black . 
  damn i hate those white blacks . 
  to clarify , black whites are ok . 
  space toilets will still be toilets . 
  oh god no , not apples !, 
  those will anger the putin !, 
  of course it does n't make sense . 
  it 's because russia still thinks that soviet-style excuses will work . 
  those used to work back in the old days when no other sources of information were available , but today we have alternatives . 
  it 's quite obvious that russia is a bad liar . 
  they 'll probably visit poland on the way back , buy some milk and bread . 
  oh , direct connections for high-traffic servers are n't unusual anywhere in the world . 
  a few years ago one isp here started offering 5gbps connections to normal people too . 
  when something like ten people signed up within half a year , the isp realized that they should keep it for business level customers . 
  now they only offer 1gbps . 
  size is a shitty excuse . 
  london alone has much larger population than several eu countries , yet speeds there are n't that great . 
  same as with us . 
  they also complain about being spread out , large country , large distances and all that . 
  but new york is a very cramped city , why could n't it have fiber internet ? 
  it 's not in coventry transport museum , is it ? 
  i 've been there a few times but i do n't remember seeing any trolleys . 
  because trams are n't very good with hills , especially in winter . 
  also , their infrastructure is a lot more expensive , all streets need to be widened and so on . 
  your german buses work for ten years and then are taken to eastern europe for another 20 . 
  10 years is how long it takes before the bus is outdated . 
  mechanically it can run for way longer than that . 
  which in turn reminds me of [ bagger 288 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ) . 
  this one also does n't give a shit . 
  a large chunk of our troleybuses are of [ the old model ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rnzyeub.jpg ) . 
  before that we had those [ bubble ones ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kbtj3nd.jpg ) , they were soooo warm in winter  a few of these still remain , you can rent them out for parties and such and they will ride around the city . 
  these two words are interchangeable when talking about russia . 
  nigerians will do that soon , china already has a shitload of business in africa . 
  and then you remember the riots and protests after he was elected the last time and realize that maybe it 's not a democracy , maybe it 's communism . 
  government decides who will rule , not people . 
  looks like europe has been oppressing them for many years and this is a perfectly natural and encouraged reaction . 
  latvian is a perfectly good language ... 
  the magnificent il-62s are still used by russia , ukraine , kazakhstan and north korea . 
  for short domestic flights only , of course . 
  there are plenty of airlines in the world who operate planes which should n't be flying at all . 
  but that 's the trick , you ca n't check every single person and then hold a nation-wide referendum on whether he gets in or not . 
  more importantly , many of those immigrants are from europe 's colonies . 
  many of them have fought for european countries in wars , many have been living in europe for generations . 
  how do you decide who should be let in ? 
  oh , and it 's a bit ironic how you say that us did the immigration thing wrong , because north america was completely occupied by european colonists and immigrants just a few hundred years ago . 
  i wonder if the natives also think that they did the immigration thing right . 
  i 'm not talking about us , i do n't know why you brought it up . 
  i 'm talking about functioning welfare system in european countries . 
  food is n't an advantage at all . 
  we do n't have genuine kebabs here either and i could n't care less . 
  it 's just food , it does n't bring any positive changes to the country . 
  scientists , entrepreneurs , successful businessmen bring positive change . 
  there are n't many of those people among immigrants like these . 
  no , their biggest issue is immigrants causing riots and abusing the legal and welfare systems . 
  i do n't think the french would ever say `` eh , those riots are n't that bad if you can get a delicious kebab afterwards . '', 
  food is n't that big of an advantage , really . 
  nope , it could be as good as in norway . 
  high five !, 
  it 's similar to your letter \u00e9 in the word faberg\u00e9 , just a bit harder . 
  well , it 's the only one which makes sense . 
  politically they 're eastern , geographically they 're western ( the geographical centre of europe is actually in lithuania ) and czechs themselves say that they 're central . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't know how to feel about this !, 
  in lithuania it 's the [ tv tower . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h43epy6.jpg ) we like to put things on it , like a [ flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmce0zt.jpg ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4txzmjt.jpg ) it pretends to be a giant christmas tree , [ new year 's eve version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dxouw5o.jpg ) , and then there 's [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hrhsn1r.jpg ) , because basketball is our national sport , apparently . 
   he was n't even proven guilty !, 
  who should prove that he 's guilty ? 
  the court ? 
  do n't be ridiculous , they do n't give a fuck about such guys . 
  they could n't do anything even if they did , because then all sorts of organisations would cry `` racism !, 
  you arrested him only because he 's gypsy ! '', 
   25 years ago your countrymen did n't even live in a state under the rule of law i do n't think i understand what you 're trying to say . 
  are you saying that there were no laws in the soviet union ? 
  do n't want to be beaten almost to death ? 
  well then do n't fucking steal from other people . 
  and do n't you dare blame the society for what he was doing . 
  this is n't communism , government is n't going to feed everyone . 
  want to get some cash ? 
  lithuania dubs pretty much everything . 
  oh , there are plenty of great things to put there . 
  unfortunately , the design is n't chosen by the people . 
  and it sometimes even reaches the target , how cool !, 
  not the greens , hopefully . 
  they 're anti-gmo , anti-nuclear , anti-having-a-car and a whole other bunch of things . 
  i do n't know , but i guess that it does have some positive impact . 
  after all , it gets dark a lot sooner in winter . 
  weather is a lot harsher too . 
  of course , it 's not uncommon to have to drive at 40 because of a massive snow storm . 
  luckily , those are getting rarer because of global warming . 
  in lithuania it 's 130 km/h for only half a year and only on highways ( we have two of those , one is some 200 km long , the other is around 100 ) . 
  during winter the max speed is 110 . 
  on smaller roads outside of the cities and villages it 's 90km/h . 
  belgium , we need to kick belgium out .
