  our taxes pay for all those things . 
  sure , you can just stop paying taxes if you wish , but then i expect you to stop using all public services , all of them . 
  i paid for them and you did n't . 
  move out to the middle of nowhere and be an independent farmer or something , if you wish . 
  i really do n't know . 
  it could be because people play motherfucking [ pokemon ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/11/artykul/262002,pokemon-go-in-auschwitz-%e2%80%98offends-memory-of-victims%e2%80%99 ) at aushwitz . 
  visited krakow and prague a few times , when we went to zurich ( switzerland ) and schladming [ austria ] to play with school orchestra . 
  prague is an amazing city , huge old town , so much stuff to see and do . 
  zurich is nice too . 
  krakow is not so nice , but still cool , old city and all that . 
  coworker went to aushwitz a couple days ago , apparently now you ca n't walk around without a guide , you ca n't take pictures , lots of restricted areas on the actual camp , etc. 
  back when i went there a decade ago , there were virtually no limits , you could just walk around on your own . 
  the longest possible lithuanian word is nebeprisiki\u0161kiakop\u016bsteliaudavome . 
  i actually have n't met anyone who * could n't * pronounce it . 
  had the biggest rainfall since '93 yesterday , something like 60mm of water in a couple hours , quite a few roads were flooded in vilnius . 
  then had 26 c on the same day . 
  and then a mild storm the next night , a few trees fell , cars got crushed , fortunately no injuries . 
  almost a commie block ( built in ' 89 ) . 
  my parents decided to emigrate , so i got a large apartment for free . 
  it 's a 7 minute drive to work , roughly 6 kilometers with not a single traffic light or large intersection , so it 's very convenient . 
  since i 'm not paying rent , i bought a piece of land nearby because parents mentioned that they 'd like to come back to lithuania for retirement and live in a house with a large garden and all that . 
  i got a loan for it . 
  monthly payments for it are lower than what i 'd have to pay for an apartment of this size . 
  ah right , there also was the great duchy of lithuania , spanning from baltic sea all the way to the black sea . 
  but it was one continuous country , not really a colony . 
  so we kind of had colonies in gambia and tobago in the 17th century but they did n't really work out . 
  that 's not unreasonable , if they want to go from heathrow station to cambridge or something ? 
  lots of streets and squares in vilnius are named after other countries , foreign cities or famous people . 
  if brexit was debated , but almost all statements were lies , does that still count ? 
   always rely on a democratic process except in those cases where they 're not debated , like what happened in the uk . 
  ireland , indiana ? 
  the one which is actually not ireland ? 
  so you buy this butter in ireland , and it says [ imported ] on the packaging ? 
  where is it imported from ? 
  eh , i do n't think you 're unique in this . 
  huh , i guess deaddove.jpg ? 
  we have many government-run after-school activity centres for all sorts of stuff , like arts , sports , technical groups , programming , engineering for kids , etc. 
  the city pays for quite a few of them , and most are at least partly funded from the budget . 
  we have a street music day in lithuania ( it happens on third saturday of may ) , it 's awesome . 
  lots and lots of amateur musicians , lots of cool bands , some famous guests , various musical performances , everything for free , in the old town . 
  it 's awesome . 
  we also have culture night ( it was last week ) where all sorts of artists take over the city . 
  not just musicians , but also actors , painters , cinematographers , contemporary artists , etc. 
  many churches open up for various performances , museums are free , various areas around the city host interactive installations and such . 
  [ raa\u0104\u0105\u0104a !!!, 
   the meat is fresh sometimes . 
  it 's insanely lame . 
  oh wow , you 're dressed as ted mosby , oh and you 're dressed as sheldon . 
  so creative , so scary , sure . 
  then raped it and sent it back . 
  us version is n't even about vampires and witches . 
  it 's just costumes from various popular tv shows and movies . 
  hollywood won . 
  those gorgeous burger joints now see themselves as very high class culinary institutions , so they 've started charging 8 euros or more for a single burger . 
  meanwhile , a simple ( but not the simplest ) burger at mcd 's costs under two euros . 
  so it 's the same as everywhere else in europe . 
  wait , are you saying that only white people can be racists ? 
  that 's racist . 
   gypsies walking around like zombies had a few romanian housemates when i was studying in the uk . 
  they said that you guys really have a serious gypsy problem . 
  we do have lithuanian language commission . 
  they 're mostly making up new words for things . 
  stuff like keyboard , monitor , joystick , rc drone , fidget spinner , selfie , etc. 
  some of them stick , others get laughed at . 
  i 'm lithuanian , so i kind of ( sort of ) understand latvian , but not a lot . 
  it 's like lithuanian , but with very very strong samogitian accent/slang . 
  i also speak a bit of russian , so i can understand some polish , czech and slovak as well . 
  and english , af cors . 
  depends on the mood . 
  sometimes british-style black tea with milk , sometimes something fruity , sometimes some local herbal tea with peppermint and lemon . 
  many say that it 's our religion . 
  i personally hate it . 
  no , and they 're quite rare here . 
  i am considering one , though . 
  fried rye bread with garlic is awesome . 
  they 're tested every few months , it 's announced a few days in advance in all news sites , they also send out text messages to people , informing them that it 's a test . 
  it happened a decade ago or so . 
  i did n't even feel it , i was assembling a tiny model airplane , so i guess it was n't a strong earthquake . 
  sure , there are lots of international companies in vilnius . 
  barclay 's , western union , dhl and various scandinavian banks have their offices here , where you get to deal with clients from all around the world . 
  you probably could work in a medical center too , as a surgeon or someone like that who does n't really need to talk with patients much . 
  i live just outside of vilnius , in a forest . 
  years ago power lines were just like yours , on poles , so we would lose power maybe once a year for several hours if there was a really big storm or a lot of snow and tree branches would damage the wires . 
  now the cables are underground , so we have n't lost power for a few years . 
  politically western , geographically northern . 
  geographical location differs from political location quite a bit . 
  i mean , the official center of europe is in lithuania , but it 's not really central europe . 
  officially it 's northern europe , but so is the uk . 
  it 's a mess , really . 
  i 've been to prague three times and i would go again . 
  it 's a beautiful place . 
  yes , i 've heard that actual polish people despise them as well , so at least that 's good . 
  you guys are cool . 
  the polish party . 
  they 're mostly a bunch of racist , homophobic , nationalist , pro-russian idiots , so they only get votes in those few small areas where polish minorities live . 
  yes . 
  i pay something like 12 euros for unlimited calls/texts and 7gb of lte internet . 
  i also got an unlimited everything plan ( tethering allowed ) and an assus tablet for 20/month . 
  useful on road trips , everyone can share internet for music/movies . 
  cold pink soup !,
