  i watched part of that video and i still do n't see how any of it is relevant to all of this . 
  those are the very basic concepts of trade , the first baby steps . 
  they ignore the enormous amount of change that the current market underwent . 
  look at it this way : you have a limited amount of money to spend every month , right ? 
  now imagine if the prices of agricultural produce have doubled . 
  could you still feed yourself and your family ? 
  what about those who were living paycheck to paycheck before the increase ? 
  you might say that the sellers will just import cheaper food from abroad , but then what will happen to your neighbour farmers ? 
  if what you say happens then there wo n't even be cheaper food from abroad , as almost all of it is from other eu countries . 
  we do n't import milk or meat from china for obvious reasons . 
  yes , it 's cheaper than anywhere in eu , but the price is not the only thing that influences sales . 
   and no , we do n't need to secure our businesses first , we need to secure the best living standard for our people and how are you going to do that if all the farmers in your country will be left without jobs as all shopping centres will be importing food from abroad ? 
  that does n't sound like the best option for our people . 
   how do you explain the big farming corporations then ? 
  are they not profitable ? 
  as i 've already said , i 'm not talking about big corporations . 
  i 'm talking about smaller farmers , family farms and all that . 
   the us healthcare is a strawman and not a free market . 
  ok then , let 's take us mobile phone market . 
  they pay a shitload of money , yet it 's supposedly a free market that anyone can enter , right ? 
  not so long ago prices for international calls in eu were insane . 
  thankfully , the governments stepped in and put caps on those prices . 
  how is that bad ? 
   then what about their protests ? 
  if they were powerless , why do all politicians cave in to their demands ? 
  they protest because that 's the only way for them to be heard . 
  they ca n't go with lobbying as they ca n't afford any of that . 
  they have zero say in all those legislations and in politics . 
  they block the roads because then the news cover them and they get some exposure . 
   it 's about reducing all subsidies , as if they 're there , they 're inevitably end up going for the wrong people so should we stop all government payouts ? 
  all benefits for the jobless , all funding for school programs , road constructions , everything ? 
  there always is some amount of money that goes to the wrong hands . 
  but the solution is not to cut everything completely , it 's to cut it to those wrong hands . 
   at least when the businessman wants profits , they 'll do their best to provide a good service and therefore benefit the rest of society ... what ? 
  no , there are two ways to increase profits : you either increase quality ( costs rise too ) or reduce costs ( quality drops but sales rise ) . 
  no businessman is working as a good samaritan whose only goal is to benefit the society . 
  that 's why they 're called businessmen , they work for profit . 
  if a cheap , shitty product makes more money , then that 's what they will go with . 
  also , please stop posting 30 year old crap videos from `` strawman and not a free market '' country , they are not relevant to our current situation . 
  he 's talking specifically about us and not eu . 
  there is a big difference . 
   there 's plenty of other countries in the world which would gladly sell us their excess food yea , like poland with their disease-ridden cows , rat poison-filled candy and beef burgers which are actually made from horses . 
   if we did n't discriminate against them with the protectionist measures protectionist measures are not for fun either , we need to secure our own businesses first , before giving away all the money to someone else . 
  it 's better for everyone ( except poland ) if the money stays in the country . 
   what , should we also subsidy cellphone companies , clothing industries and car manufactures no , those industries are already profitable . 
  farmers , on the other hand , would simply go bankrupt without subsidies . 
   if there are people willing to buy something , there will be an incentive for people to provide that something . 
  oh , if only it was that simple ... you seem to like us , so let 's look at american health care . 
  free market , right ? 
  yet a simple broken hand can cost as much as $ 2000 . 
  if there 's a demand for cheaper services , then why is there no supply ? 
   as long as people are willing to buy food , there will be people interested in supplying it . 
  you see , the problem is that people are interested in supplying it , but they ca n't . 
  with the current prices ( 14 cent/kg ) it 's almost not profitable to make food . 
  without subsidies it would be downright stupid to try and grow potatoes . 
   [ the video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_t0wf-ucwg ) relevance to the discussion - 0 % . 
  lobbying is illegal here , in case you did n't know . 
  even if it was , i still do n't see how would it be relevant , the video is about big businesses ( like oil industry ) , not the small guy ( the farmer driving a tractor ) . 
  there is no power when you 're a farmer , dude 's crazy . 
   and , [ like u/wobblewagon mentioned ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17yc4j/cap_subsidies_to_farmers_per_hectare_for_2013/c8abish ) , do n't assume for a second that the money is going all to the little man who is in need and requires our support . 
  wait , i thought this thread was about reducing subsidies to farmers , not to large corporations ? 
   the best system to determine what should and should n't be done is a free market system i strongly disagree . 
  a completely free-market system with no government intervention would lead to horrible quality , sky-high prices and lots of cartel deals . 
  those are businesses . 
  they 're not thinking about their customers and how to make them nice and comfy . 
  they 're thinking about profits . 
  if everyone reduces their quality by an equal amount , what are you going to do ? 
   you either subsidise everybody no , you subsidize the ones that are the most important . 
  big-scale farmers have national importance , if they stop farming , then food will have to be imported from abroad and that will cost much more . 
   still , there 's no reason to subsidise them . 
  if we do n't subsidize them , they will go and work something else , which in turn means that there wo n't be anyone left to grow the food . 
  you think those farmer strikes happen every couple weeks just for fun ? 
  or maybe they 're striking because they have too much money ? 
  look up how much they earn . 
  this autumn the farmers were getting around 14 euro cents per kilo of potatoes . 
  how much do they cost in a supermarket ? 
  around 1 euro/kg ? 
  now think who 's the bad guy here and who 's getting too much money . 
   [ bullshit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1blpcgh0wk ) . 
  that 's bullshit indeed . 
  what does an american guy from 1976 know about agriculture in europe in 2013 ? 
  i know several large farmers myself , i know that they barely make ends meet . 
  they ca n't afford to hire additional workers , yet they themselves ca n't afford to work a bit less either as the crops will go bad and they will be left without any money for the rest of the year . 
  note : my country is among the top few in the `` green '' zone which should actually be red . 
  farmers are normal people , they 're not billionaires with private jets and 15 houses . 
  they 're probably poorer than most of us here , because we can afford to just sit on reddit all day and do nothing . 
  it 's kind of implied , by using red and green colours . 
  are you really saying that * farmers * get too much money ? 
  those guys who make your bread ? 
  the ones who work 20 hours per day in summer ? 
  the ones who are already poor as fuck and whatever profit they make is just enough to pay the bills and buy food ? 
  are you really saying that they have it too good ? 
  muslim is not a race . 
  ahh , muslims again . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  why ? 
  [ indeed !, 
  til wikipedia has articles about stuff . 
   a ransom question . 
  so you want more money ?
