  most people are like that in this part of the world . 
  i know that `` the government really wants us dead '' circlejerk is popular , but seriously , cut the crap . 
  no one is out to get you and there are no super-secret organisations running around and making sure that people never get to earn some money . 
  if your life sucks and you 're poor , then the problem is you , not the government . 
  what you see in the article is the same government trying to find reasons and offer training so that people can live better . 
  the funny thing about high-earners is that high wage equals more money paid in taxes . 
  it 's beneficial for the government to have lots of well-paid citizens . 
  may i ask where you got that from ? 
  i mean the actual statement/quote/source ? 
  wait , so the system is designed to keep them in low-paid jobs ? 
  that 's what the government officially desires , right ? 
   it is designed to affect those in low-paid jobs . 
  pray tell me , how will it affect them , assuming it goes according to plan ? 
  well yes , my country has that too . 
  if you 're not at work or learning institution , then you should be able to check-in . 
  that is unless you have a valid reason , such as you or your close relative being sick , a flooding , tornado , etc. 
  also , the whole `` there are n't enough jobs for everyone '' story is a pile of shite . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.jobs.co.uk/candidate/advancedsearch.asp ) are almost 240 pages of job offers and that 's just one site , just for london area . 
  the problem with most people is that they want to get a really well paying job that 's also easy . 
  i 've done my fair share of shit jobs , i 've packed boxes , i 've stacked pallets ( 800kg of bleach in under 10 minutes , who needs a gym after that ? 
  ) , i 've cleaned bathrooms and processing plant floors . 
  you have to start low if you want to rise . 
  money does n't come to you , it just tries to run away . 
  you have to go and catch it . 
  most people do n't realize that . 
  catching it takes time as you need to exercise . 
  i think you misunderstood the goal of this programme . 
  the government is n't aiming to waste more time or to force people into attending useless seminars . 
  the government is only organising free consultations for people who are n't earning much . 
  you know , talking about the main reasons why they 're poor and if maybe they should switch to a better paying job ? 
  and that 's where training courses come in . 
  i attended such courses myself just recently , finished a month ago ( took half a year ) . 
  got a well-paying job ( wage above the national average ) before i even finished the course . 
  act of racism , haha  their homes are bulldozed not because the locals simply hate gypsies . 
  the buildings are bulldozed because they 're built illegally , the utilities ( electricity mainly ) are connected illegally and without any safety considerations , the living conditions are very unsanitary and there also are drugs around , because making and selling drugs is a very good way to earn money . 
  if the police tries to snatch them , they just scream `` racism !, 
  they 're jailing us for our race ! '', 
  a simple example from slovakia , [ this district . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/25jymnq.jpg ) it used to be just normal people living there . 
  a few apartments were empty , so gypsy families moved in . 
  they were noisy , filthy and annoying , so the neighbours started moving out . 
  their flats were occupied by other gypsies . 
  fairly quickly the whole area was occupied by gypsies . 
  they turned a reasonably nice neighbourhood into a dump , as you can see . 
  i can tell you a bunch of stories about all the shit they do , if you wish . 
  oh , i 'd also like to note that gypsy is not just the skin colour . 
  it 's the lifestyle . 
  it 's a lifestyle of trying to make everything as easy as possible . 
  that 's why they usually opt for unemployment benefits rather than actually working . 
  that 's why they make illegal drugs . 
  that 's why they 're dirty and smelly , that 's why they live in shitty shacks . 
  from his description she seems to be just ethiopian . 
  the passport is just a formality , it does n't change the person . 
  the charts say that lithuanians are of uralic descent , but that just puts them neither here , nor there . 
  as far as i noticed , lithuania and latvia are quite unique in terms of both origins and language . 
  estonians are a different breed . 
  they 're closer to hungarians than to latvians or lithuanians . 
  now the reason why i think that the latter two are close to scandinavians is the women . 
  blonde , blue-eyed , etc. 
  even if not , they 're still pretty . 
  much better looking than in actual slavic countries . 
  note : this is my personal opinion , you 're free to disagree . 
  `` caucasians '' is n't used to define your location , it 's the name of the race . 
  most white people are caucasians . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  lithuanians are closer to the scandinavians than the slavs . 
  indian or pakistani workers ? 
  oh boy , now that would be a pr disaster ... 
  but yeah , white caucasians will do just fine . 
  even if they were hungary ? 
  i 've met two so far , a younger girl and an old dude . 
  the dude was cool , the girl was `` you believe in evolution ? 
  * seriously . . ? 
  * '' the funny part was where we were working with wildlife and nature preservation stuff . 
  you 'd think that one would figure out how things work , but no ... 
  where 's the `` corruption in the governments '' ? 
  wait , why are the countries with more police shown as worse , i.e. 
  yellow or red ? 
  i mean , do n't you feel safer when there 's police officers walking around ? 
  i feel much more confident when i 'm driving and i see a police car behind me . 
  yea , voting for the other guys does n't work that well either . 
  half will vote for one party , half for the other , the result will be an agreement between the parties to limit the expenses so that more money is left for themselves . 
  because they 're closely related to the people in the government who do have a say . 
  i know , but it will be really tough finding a company that 's willing to give up its profits just to provide an unemployment benefits to some random people on the other side of the continent . 
  as it happens , many people in the governments have their own businesses or have close relatives who own a large business . 
  as a result , they have absolutely no incentive to give up their money . 
  riots have happened many times already , they rarely change anything . 
  this is never going to happen . 
  i 'm not cool with this , but i just do n't give a fuck . 
  what are they going to do , raid my house because i said `` bombs , terrorists , al qaeda , bin laden , 9/11 , nukes '' right over here in this comment ? 
  but are the prices the same ? 
  the funny part is where both sides like it . 
  so who 's at fault here , us or them ? 
  as others said , we have plenty of examples of foreigners assimilating without any issues . 
  other europeans ( like the polish workers ) may not be the pinnacle of human civilization but they work really hard and never complain . 
  people from countries further away ( indians , chinese , koreans ) assimilate without a problem while still keeping their culture , religion and customs . 
  i do n't know how they did this , but indian curry is now considered one of britain 's national dishes . 
  their culture actually merged with the british one , resulting in something nice . 
  yet when was the last time you heard of indians causing a riot for whatever reason ? 
  on the other hand , muslims are having issues all over the europe , every country .
