  sometimes fighting with a gun is not the most efficient thing someone can do . 
  i probably would n't fight either , because i do n't know how and i 'm generally quite weak . 
  on the other hand , i can operate all sorts of production machinery , cnc mills and all that , so i can be very useful in other areas . 
  same with that latvian guy , he would be better off doing some it work for the army , rather than going to the forests to fight with partisans . 
  it 's just a cleared area , no mines there . 
  there are thermal vision cameras and motion sensors and other stuff like that along the border , mostly to stop illegal immigration and smuggling of cheap tobacco products and alcohol . 
  everyone forgets us . 
  i witnessed the birth of that subreddit . 
  back then it was full of animals giving advice . 
  it rose high . 
  very high . 
  the higher you rise , the longer you fall . 
  then * splat * , 14 year olds took over . 
  i change my mind often . 
  i 'm at work and it 's a bit boring now , so some amusement is welcome . 
  we come here to be amused , not to learn facts . 
  that picture is amusing . 
  yep , putin doing some shit in the baltics ( especially latvia and its sizeable russian minority ) is much more likely . 
  but he will probably wait until we forget about crimea . 
  did the world do anything about ukraine , besides banning some russians from going to their austrian alps winter villas ? 
   the best thing finland has is 60 or so f-18 hornets . 
  we would give you our tanks . 
  both of them . 
  edit : no wait , we do n't have any . 
  it 's highly unlikely that putin would risk attacking a wealthy and respected country . 
  the result would n't be just some silly travel bans for some russian businessmen . 
  which is why the stereotype exists . 
  currently not , because we do n't do war ( yet ) and those few people who got sent to afghanistan had to undergo some serious training , so only the most bad-ass ones passed the tests . 
  everything west of warsaw is pretty great , actually . 
  except for some remote areas of slovakia and czech republic . 
  here the tests are not the same . 
  passing score is lower for women in the lithuanian military academy . 
  lithuania too , but women have lower requirements because they 're generally not as strong as men . 
  they end up with similar scores as men , even though they do n't run as fast or lift as heavy . 
  and then they ca n't run with full gear and a machinegun in a swamp . 
  so that 's equality . 
   why is lithuania so small ... what ? 
  how do i even answer that ? 
  hah , good luck with that . 
  the countries will accept them , but you know , accidents happen to people . 
  we try our best . 
  now there is n't a town or village in the whole country which would n't be making some project with eu funds . 
  renovating various parks and nature trails , building new research and manufacturing facilities , startup incubators , new roads and communications , etc. 
  shit 's really getting better here . 
   reddit has rules for sarcasm no , not really , 
  damn lithuanians never get sarcasm . 
  their members are among the migrants , that 's the problem . 
  it 's quite likely that they 're planning something big . 
  many people still fail to realize that sometimes a person can be just genuinely bad . 
  someone 's goal might be just to kill infidels and stuff . 
  no desire for coexistence , peace or any of that , they just want to kill . 
  i just saw a short message in a local news site . 
  the source would be in russian and i 'm not too good with that . 
  the message said that they were removed from a list of legal persons and therefore they no longer had a right to organize mass events . 
  technically what they were doing ( gathering a group of people in one location ) was a mass event and you need permits for that . 
  the russian government finally decided that what they 're doing is illegal . 
  the movement was founded by a guy who is in the government and they had the government 's support , but i guess too many rich douchebags complained . 
  and that makes it somehow ok ? 
  people do that to their kids too , lots have died because their parents `` do n't believe in western medicine '' and instead choose water to cure cancer . 
   i know a lot of people who would first try alternative stuff , and then it 's too late . 
  steve jobs chose to try alternative stuff first , look where he 's now . 
  cold will go away without any medicine at all . 
  yet people buy ( extremely overpriced ) homeopathic medicine , use it , cold goes away and they think `` aha !, 
  it helped !, 
  those western doctors do n't know shit , homeopathy actually works ! '', 
  and then they use that same water to treat more serious illnesses and end up killing themselves or their children . 
  it 's not exclusive . 
  lots of countries ( or large cities ) go for years without the police shooting anyone . 
   if you first try to treat a cough with alternative methods ... then you die . 
  homeopathy is literally water . 
  people have died because they used it instead of real medicine . 
  and homeopathy will soon be equal to real medicine because the scientists could n't prove that it 's ineffective . 
  many large companies hire people to monitor torrents , to see what 's the demand for their product and how many people download it . 
   if your company geoblocks me , you can count on me going to extensive lengths to never do any business with you again . 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  i 'll go to extensive lengths to still get that product , but for free . 
  if i want that movie/app/game / whatever , then i will get it . 
  if you do n't want my money for it , then so be it . 
  homosexuality was a medically recognized form of mental disability . 
  treatment was with all sorts of pills with unknown side effects , electroshock , etc. 
  so i would say yes , they did . 
  and you were not allowed to leave . 
  oh boy , you should 've seen the soviet government ... 
  do you really dislike them that much ? 
  now i feel like a dog that got a pat on the head . 
  who 's a good boy . 
  well at least our fiscal year is not fucking backwards !, 
  also , just for the record , we built all of that basically from zero in 25 years . 
  we 'll see what another 25 will bring us . 
  well at least our fiscal year is not fucking backwards !, 
  also , just for the record , we built all of that basically from zero in 25 years . 
  we 'll see what another 25 will bring us . 
  scotland is n't a real country . 
  that street actually is all the way downhill from where this photo was taken . 
  wide angle camera on a drone taking pictures continuously , which were then stitched into a panorama . 
  it 's really simple and does n't require any fancy tools . 
  you ca n't do that in lots of places . 
  in lithuania you ca n't even be drunk in public . 
  your impression is wrong . 
  alcohol is not for sale anywhere in sa , legally .
