  it is , but they 're not just looking for a safe place . 
  they 're looking for a safe place with good benefits and free housing , like germany , finland and sweden . 
  why stay in croatia and work when you can go to germany and get all the same stuff for free . 
  it obviously is . 
  majority of them are freeloaders . 
  they `` do n't want another hungary '' because there no one will give them 600 euros a month and a free apartment . 
  they want germany and sweden , where they will live for free , because they `` have needs '' . 
  i think your guess is wrong . 
  media and the governments are all talking about the need to save children and women who are running away from war , yet all the pictures are of young , healthy men . 
  even if they are from syria , they 're not even trying to fight for their country or anything , they 're just fleeing to the nearest safe country , which is obviously sweden . 
  it 's actually the same or lower . 
  i 'm from lithuania and i studied in uk for a few years . 
  the only thing that 's more expensive is car insurance , everything else ( including cars ) is cheaper . 
  this does n't apply to london , obviously . 
  there 's always an option to work illegally for half of minimum wage at a farm or something . 
  he 'll still earn much more than if he was on benefits in eastern europe . 
  that 's what most of them currently do , they claim that they 're 16 year old syrians . 
  underaged refugees get a lot more benefits than 30 year old guys from pakistan . 
  do not worry , brother . 
  the only ones who will stay here will be the ones who are actually willing to integrate and work a real job . 
  we 've already had quite a few families of actual syrian refugees ( not economic migrants from pakistan ) , they have education in construction , programming , development and other things . 
  lots of refugees from ukraine , too . 
  the illiterate economic migrants will run away to sweden fairly quickly , because they have nothing to do here . 
   once they see their neighbour with a small allowance , registering will become more attractive . 
  and then they get a letter from their friend who was placed in uk and whose benefits are ten times larger , the free house is nicer and the employment opportunities are much better because he does n't have to learn a weird new language . 
  what will this person do ? 
   especially in western europe , it is not easy to live illegally . 
  way easier than anywhere else , because even an illegal job for half of minimum wage is quite good , compared to standard minimum wage in eastern europe . 
  where are you going to deport them ? 
  lots of immigrants throw away their passports for this exact reason , and then claim that they do n't remember where they came from . 
   for crossing border without a visa . 
  i 'm fine with any quotas , since all immigrants will buy tickets to uk , germany or sweden as soon as they can . 
  soo , life is back to normal ? 
  foreigners still need passports to get into eu ? 
  illegal immigration is back to being illegal ? 
  i 'm guessing that benefits in austria are not as good as in germany , uk or sweden . 
  so the migrants move to those countries , crossing multiple safe , good eu countries on their way . 
  this just shows that most of them are simple economic migrants , not refugees . 
   maybe we should i dunno , arrest and/or deport them do n't be ridiculous , this would restrict their right to practise their loving and peaceful religion . 
  it really depends on what you want to buy . 
  most stuff from ebay.co.uk is fairly cheap ( i 'm in lithuania ) . 
  i buy lots of rc hobby stuff from hobbyking and they have some warehouses in eu , which makes shipping significantly faster than from hong kong . 
  some stores do n't ship to lithuania , in those cases i send it to uk where i have some friends and then they send it to me . 
  of course not . 
  they just buy all sorts of fruits from southern europe and fish from scandinavia and then sell it to russia as their own . 
  also , i 've seen some reports where people in belarus were simply peeling off eu labels from normal food products and putting on russian ones , which had something like `` produced in russia '' on them . 
  this food ban hurts them way more than it hurts us . 
  we 're also not allowed to sell them any tech . 
  as you might know , lithuania produces some really neat industrial laser systems . 
  russia is not allowed to buy any of them now , from us or from anyone else in europe/us . 
  we lost some sales , but it 's not too bad , russia was n't a big client anyway . 
  so they will have to work with shitty chinese knock-offs . 
  and pineapples . 
  due to global warming , they now produce and export enough pineapples to satisfy the russian demand . 
  funny how this whole climate thing worked out , huh ? 
  not many of them are just fleeing war , though . 
  train stations in hungary are crowded because they all want to go to germany , where they will receive benefits and stuff . 
  guess how many want to go to lithuania or czech republic or some other similar country . 
  i do n't think we can , russia already banned most stuff . 
  they all do have a lot of common traits , so it kind of makes sense . 
  that actually would be really uncomfortable . 
  most of those people are not refugees , they 're economic migrants . 
   refugees are not allowed to work , what ? 
  like , ever ? 
  venice is more of a museum than a city , even if a bit dirty . 
  i do n't see how a huge bdsm orgy could fit in . 
  no , it 's because children ca n't work . 
  it 's way more efficient to send young guys to work in europe . 
  they will then send all their money back home . 
  monaco and liechtenstein . 
  i 've never been there myself , but a few friends have . 
  it 's just like living in an other rich eu neighbourhood . 
  you do n't have to get a visa once you want to go to another country ( schengen ) , so it 's really not all that special . 
  lots of the superrich had many of their foreign bank accounts frozen and they 're banned from travelling in eu , so no more shopping in paris for their wives and no more weekends in their villas in southern spain . 
  i doubt they 're very pleased by this . 
  he himself might be fine , but all his buddies , rich oligarchs , businessmen , generals and other important people probably wo n't be fine , their money will turn to shit and they will lose a lot of what they have . 
  putin will lose their support . 
  he might be mighty and powerful at the moment , but he wo n't be when all his friends will turn against him . 
  not just cartoons , soviet film makers produced many great comedies , too . 
  it was a bit trickier than cartoons because every other movie would be just a pile of steaming propaganda , but occasionally there was something really good . 
  same with literature , more than half was just propaganda crap . 
  i loved reading science fiction books when i was a child , many of them revolved around brave soviet astronauts who either save americans who seriously fucked up , or they would find an abandoned us spaceship , full of porn and stuff , showing how bad americans are and how noble soviets are . 
   also people who would 've be susceptible to such boasting do n't know anything or care about reddit . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  old people do n't care about drugs , they only care about the fact that their government is so strong , brave and powerful to ban such a massive gang of drug addicts . 
  it means that the government truly deserves their vote in the next elections . 
  also , reddit has been un-banned , only that one particular thread is now banned . 
  ... in russia . 
  i fail to see a downside to this . 
  this operation is for the russian people . 
  the government will boast about banning a multi-million user website that was dedicated entirely to production of illegal drugs . 
  young , tech-savvy people will laugh . 
  old people will clap their hands and vote for putin as a president for fifteenth time in a row . 
  reportedly , they tried but could n't reach the admins . 
  it 's kind of funny . 
  traveling in uk was mildly annoying , because people would often say `` lithuania ? 
  oh yes , i 've been there . 
  your capital city riga is beautiful ! '', 
  well , at least it 's not `` latvia '' . 
  i do n't think you could , russia would be very pissed .
