  or russia , where everyone drinks a lot , although most people drink homemade vodka . 
  ah , i somehow missed that bit . 
  it makes sense now . 
  standards of living there are obviously well below any country in the eu , but it 's not * that * bad . 
  it looked a lot like lithuania 25 years ago . 
  in a couple decades they might reach a point where they wo n't want to emigrate . 
  dude , i 'm lithuanian . 
  almost every large public infrastructure project ( roads , parks , bicycle paths , tech parks ) is partially funded by the eu . 
  farmers get tons of money too , to buy new and efficient farming equipment . 
   454 asylum decisions were given to georgians huh , do you know why ? 
  it 's not like syria or anything , they do n't have an active war going on there . 
  i went there a couple months ago , people appeared to be quite alright . 
  you think that greece would be better off without free money from the eu ? 
  georgians can now enter eu/schengen without visas , that 's probably why the number went up . 
  you want to kick yourself out of eu ? 
  sometimes . 
  i started dreaming in english after living in england for about a year . 
  sometimes i mix up languages when i 'm talking and daydreaming at the same time , but only one way . 
  that is , i 'll start talking in my native language instead of english . 
  the opposite has never happened . 
  and i 'm telling you over and over again that it is not . 
  it 's payment for services which you receive . 
  my previous example works well : it 's like paying rent . 
  you would n't say that your landlord is a thief because he demands money from you ? 
  you would n't say that he 's a thief if he calls the police if you stop paying ? 
  i still ca n't understand how you imagine paying for services only when you 're using them . 
  i asked you about coin-operated street lights and you did n't say anything about that . 
   my argument is that taxation is the forceful removal of property . 
  can you justify this statement ? 
  i think it 's more like rent . 
  want to live in this nice , cosy place which was built by someone else ? 
  pay up . 
  also , by definition theft is when you lose stuff , when someone comes and just takes it away . 
  taxes are not theft because you get an equal value of infrastructure and services in return . 
  oh , i see faults in mine . 
  it 's not a perfect system but it is the best we 've got . 
  it wo n't improve while bad people will exist in this world . 
  what i do n't see are any arguments from you . 
  like , what would change if you had it your way , that is , paying for services that you use ? 
  you 'd still pay monthly because paying per minute while driving down the road is stupid . 
  dude , you 're literally talking about how to stop paying without going to jail . 
  it 's called tax avoidance , it 's the law . 
  and we all agreed that it 's the law , and we 're all following it . 
  if you stop paying , then you 're not stealing from the state , you 're stealing from everyone . 
  that 's why no one objects to this law . 
   we are mot talking about not paying for something that you use . 
  that 's literally what we 're talking about . 
  if everyone started picking and choosing what to pay and what not to pay for , then it would be a mess and nobody would pay anything . 
  currently the cost of keeping the country running is divided among all working citizens proportionately to their income . 
  it is indeed possible to stop paying , continue using services and then not face any violence . 
  all you have to do is stop making money . 
  people without income are not paying anything . 
  you can have a million saved up in your bank account and life off that , and no one will ask you for money . 
  you can make monthly payments for healthcare ( 30 euros/month ) because it will be cheaper than paying the full price when you get sick , but it 's not mandatory . 
  no , because not paying taxes is theft . 
  you ca n't just stop paying them and continue using public services . 
   forced to do it whether you want it or not . 
  all you have to do is stop using government-provided services . 
  can you do it ? 
   voluntary and involuntary transactions can you explain those to me in simple terms ? 
  i think that it 's expected and normal to pay for services which you receive . 
  you are receiving services , so the government is getting paid for it . 
  if you did n't pay for them , that would be theft . 
   taxation is the removal of one 's resources by force . 
  no , it is not . 
  as you said yourself , you 'd still use those services . 
  stop using all services provided by the government and i 'm sure no one will ask you to pay any taxes . 
  in russia the government will even give you land for free ( in syberia , but still ) and you can live there without any roads , hospitals and electricity for as long as you want . 
  some adult people ask why they have to pay for education . 
  they do n't go to school , they do n't attend university , so why pay for it ? 
  well , you 're not paying for education . 
  you 're paying so that others could get educated . 
  you 're paying to live in an educated society . 
  humans are pack animals , we ca n't live on our own . 
  we need to share duties , specialise in our own separate fields because you just ca n't be good at everything . 
  you 're paying for highways which you do n't use because your local postman needs them . 
  you 're paying for parks on the other side of the country because that 's where your local police officer 's parents live . 
  in turn , that officer pays for a sidewalk on your street and a bus in your neighbourhood . 
  we 're sharing stuff . 
  we stand for each other . 
  ideal society is n't the one with no taxes . 
  ideal society is the one where everyone 's needs are met and the government ends up with a bit of spare cash , so they invest it in research and development . 
   remove people 's property against their will what are you talking about , it 's not against anyone 's will , you just said yourself that you want to continue using those services . 
  and those are not minute details , they 're the whole reason why we pay monthly . 
  do you expect the government to build toll booths on every single sidewalk or what ? 
  coin operated street lights ? 
  firefighters who take credit cards ? 
   you mean like the monthly motorway passes that we already have , in addition to the road tax we pay in the price of petrol ? 
  yes . 
  do you know how much it costs to build and maintain roads ? 
   i only want to pay for what i take . 
  how would you calculate that ? 
  would you pay more if you walked to the store at night , because street lights are on ? 
  more in winter because snow has to be cleared ? 
  a few cents extra if it 's raining , because the drainage system has to be maintained ? 
  would it be cheaper to walk in the old town , where paths are paved with old stones ? 
  or more expensive because drainage systems there are a lot more difficult to maintain ? 
   or when i go on the road . 
  so you 'd pay daily , every time you go outside ? 
  would n't it make more sense to pay monthly , like you pay for your phone or something ?
