  i assumed this must be somehow better then what we have . 
  i understood that you were comparing your very fast fiber internet with our very fast mobile internet . 
  those are not really comparable . 
  1gbps over fiber is simple . 
   did n't know you were so advanced in this domain since 2010 or whatever `` many years '' stands for . 
  since 2007 if i recall correctly . 
   is 750mbps something that was previously believed to be impossible ? 
  it was definitely believed to be possible , just tricky to do . 
  this multiple-band , four-channel transmission showed speeds of around 1 gbps in lab settings . 
  getting 750 mbps in the real world is really quite good . 
   or would have some other technical advantage , which , to my understanding , it does n't . 
  there 's one huge , enormous advantage over fiber networks that you 're missing . 
  it 's wireless . 
  tech today is moving forwards very quickly , all that stuff with virtual reality , driverless cars and such . 
  the need for very fast , low latency internet will increase rapidly over the next few years . 
  this provider considered that and started preparing in advance . 
   what matters here is the quality of connection ( low ping , stable connection and so on ) , plus this is mobile internet , so at least 99 % coverage of the whole countries teritory they 've promised 10 ms ping , so that 's quite good . 
  and omnitel ( the provider who did this ) already has almost 90 % coverage in lithuania , better than any other provider . 
  absolute majority of users wo n't care about what speeds can be delivered to the middle of a huge forest . 
  what matters is maximum speed in all cities , towns and on all major highways and roads . 
  this provider has that . 
  we have 4.5 g , it 's a bit faster . 
  the trick is that it 's wireless . 
  we 've had 1gbps fiber internet for many years . 
  one provider even offered 5 gbps for a bit but obviously no one really bought it because you definitely do n't need such speeds at home . 
   i doubt any pok\u00e9dex has good enough hardware to recieve data at that speed . 
  they mention that in the article , so far there are no devices capable of such speeds , but there will be . 
  they 're already planning 5g network for 2020 . 
   it looked like an olympics opening ceremony intro they 're really proud of that stadium in gdansk . 
  not people , just kids . 
   those who have kids they knew what they were getting into . 
  constant noise and 18 years of shitty holidays on a crowded beach . 
  nonsense , just go there in april . 
  plenty of space for everyone . 
   hawaii would seem rather far from europe , europe had canary islands for that , they 're very similar . 
  most of those people are owners of really successful brands . 
  i think it 's quite obvious how they got rich . 
  is that good or bad ? 
  for some reason i feel like reddit does n't like rich people , because clearly the only way to become rich is by stealing and breaking laws and tricking people . 
   it was decided by countries . 
  it obviously was n't . 
  we have plenty of problems in lithuania already , no need for thousands of immigrants who do n't know the language , our customs or that it exists . 
  yet brussels ( or the `` majority '' , same shit ) just decided that we 'll get a crowd of random people from the other side of the world and then they 'll be our problem . 
   45 girls for 55 boys . 
  still better than europe , with 10 migrant boys for 2 girls . 
   the population is on the decline now , no , i 'm pretty sure that only birth rates are on the decline , but they 're still in the positives , so the population is growing . 
  basically , yes . 
  a new law was passed in lithuania recently , that requires all new buildings to meet higher standards of insulation , heating , etc. , which will result in significantly lower power consumption . 
  i have some coworkers who are convinced that this is just the government trying to fuck people . 
  like , the government says that your house must have good insulation when in fact it 's just a deal between the government pigs and the insulation manufacturers , or something . 
  some people are stupid . 
   the director of europol said there was no evidence that 's usual bureaucratic bullshit . 
  so far no immigrants have come to a police station and presented themselves as isis terrorists , with letters of recommendation and references , therefore there are no isis terrorists in europe . 
  is it really that hard to realize that it 's a perfect opportunity for any wannabe terrorist to get into europe ? 
  not only are they not screened , they 're assisted by the european governments . 
  they get transport , food and shelter once they get here . 
  china tried a one child policy and the whole world went mad because it 's so inhumane , totalitarian , dystopian bullshit . 
  that policy has since been cancelled . 
  armed robbery and attempted homicide . 
  we have burritos here , jammi make quite good ones and there are lots of them all around vilnius . 
  after trying out some new american restaurants here ( pizza hut , kfc ) i am really disappointed . 
  chipotle will probably be equally crappy . 
  that 's true . 
  i guess fast food market is still not full . 
  fast coffee market , on the other hand ... 
   but mcdonald 's is terribly integrated . 
  is it ? 
  have you been in one recently ? 
  on weekends they 're absolutely full of people . 
  it is similar !, 
  i 'm just saying that they would have a much harder time integrating now , than if they came here in the nineties , like mcdonald 's . 
  and [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fnbrevn.jpg ) is how it looks right now . 
  got some sub-zero temperatures last night and now the sun is up so everything 's very nice and white . 
  we have plenty of similar places , like coffee inn . 
  fuck if i know . 
  it 's fine . 
  now all the russian trucks are going to western europe via ferries from lithuania , since poland has banned them . 
  they do n't rot as in become green and fluffy . 
  they just get bad quickly . 
  even here in lithuania i 've encountered such potatoes . 
  they 're sold in 1kg bags so you ca n't pick out individual potatoes , and occasionally a few of them will be softer than normal or will have green spots on the outside ( toxic shit ) . 
  or as that finnish guy said , black spots on the inside . 
  we 've actually got a whole street !, 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dx4yw3s.jpg ) is mayor of vilnius with icelandic ex-minister of foreign affairs . 
  that second plate with street name in icelandic was added just a few days ago . 
  your lifestyle and mentality seems closer to scandinavian countries . 
  lithuania ( and latvia ) is closer to eastern europe . 
  germans are saying a lot of things to shift the blame away from migrants . 
  i just realized that `` kietija '' sounds somewhat like `` hardcore land '' in lithuanian . 
  so the profit is like $ 20 per barrel , instead of $ 120 . 
  the budget was put together with $ 120 profits in mind . 
  pumping oil is still somewhat profitable , but it 's nowhere enough to sustain the budget . 
  not gon na happen . 
  not in the next few decades . 
  what 's the profit at current prices ? 
  no , it 's actually great !, 
  especially in summer , music from every side . 
  hopefully they 'll ban all non-electric cars from the old town soon . 
  they 're aiming for older people who do n't use the internet and do n't know much about these scams . 
  adding cancer to the list might make grandma cry .
