  yeah , and denmark was the closest country without a war . 
  or maybe they know what they left behind . 
   also , why on earth would you not greet kufars with it ? 
  it 's not a religious greeting . 
  when it comes to hardcore muslims , literally every single aspect of their life is religious . 
  ah , thanks for clarifying . 
  yes , i guess those prices are not too bad in your case . 
   the cheapest 0.75 l bottle of vodka in norway is around 275 nok , or $ 30 #  popular vodka ( like absolut or smirnoff ) is about the same price as eastern-european ( like kgb or dworak ) . 
  those are the cheapest . 
  #  for good beer , i 'd say around $ 3.8 ( that would be urquell , an ok ipa etc. ) . 
  for craft beer , it 's around $ 5.5 . 
  your `` as cheap as in eastern europe '' alcohol is actually three to five times more expensive than in eastern europe . 
  i read that bit , but is n't alcohol still very expensive , even the `` cheap '' one ? 
  like , how much for a 0.7 l bottle of decent vodka , or a bottle of j\u00e4germeister ? 
  do you still have 5 + % beer ? 
  how much does it cost for a decent 0.5 l bottle ? 
   and the prices are actually excellent . 
  huh , is n't norway like the most expensive country for domestic alcoholism , because a cheap bottle of vodka costs as much as a house in romania ? 
  there are only short-term negative effects . 
  beer companies sponsor lots of events , free concerts in the summer and such . 
  they wo n't be sponsoring them anymore if they wo n't be able to advertise there . 
  hopefully , it wo n't take too long before some other companies step in their place . 
  we just got a new government here in lithuania and they 're talking a lot about `` becoming as great as the scandinavians '' , including ban on weekend shopping , very limited alcohol access , etc. 
  reasoning about closing of big stores on sundays is the same . 
  however , all those big stores pay double on sundays and national holidays , so there 's always a line of workers who would love to work on that day . 
  sooo , how do you like norway 's alcohol policy ? 
  our government proposed a state-owned network of stores with limited opening times , absolutely no alcohol ads , etc. 
  not yet , but they 're obviously moving in that direction . 
  china wants to buy europe . 
  they 've already bought large portions of various poor african countries , but that 's not enough . 
  they want to spread their influence and become a global superpower . 
  you know that it 's not for free , right ? 
  they 'll use that money to build factories , shopping malls , etc. 
  in lithuania it applies only to cinemas . 
  everything on tv is dubbed , often by just one or two voice actors . 
  so a pound chocolate is worth more than a pound sterling ? 
  *** [ original upload ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ) *** also , i do n't think that 's a tweet . 
  you could try harvesting stem cells or something . 
  or use them as batteries . 
  i recall watching some documentary about humans being used as electrical power sources to power computers and stuff . 
  hmm ... is it a gypsy ? 
  however , there is n't really any noticeable benefit for an average home user who does n't really do 4k gaming streams and does n't want to download all star wars movies in minutes . 
  i mean , it 's like 100 + mb per second . 
  not many flash drives are that fast . 
  lel xd rofl lol , this is so funny . 
  your newborn is worth just 9 euros ? 
  not herself , just the kid . 
  either poor or stupid people . 
  met a girl on tinder , started talking , exchanged facebook and bam . 
  she 's 23 and has a three year old kid . 
  yes , that one . 
  does n't translate from lithuanian very well . 
  only moderately related , but we had some protests in lithuania about artificial insemination , for couples who have trouble having kids . 
  the protesters were very against this stuff , with banners saying `` freezer is not a place for a baby '' and such . 
  now there are all sorts of debates going on , with normal people being pro-artificial ( obviously ) and churchies being against it , because not being able to have a child is `` god 's will '' or some shit . 
  drug traffickers are n't the main problem caused by drugs . 
  drug addicts are . 
  legalize stronger drugs , start making them commercially and half the country will overdose and die . 
  do you think that legalizing and commercializing drugs will make them disappear ? 
  people like you should be allowed to overdose . 
  holy fucking shit , you 're retarded . 
  they never had a `` war on drugs '' to begin with . 
  check out r/nostupidquestions . 
  contrary to their name , those guys will gladly answer such questions . 
  you can unfriend those people , since obviously they do n't add anything to your life . 
  or just unfollow if you think that you might want to check them out a few years later and see how they 're doing . 
  the wall is higher , but [ not very long . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zyolen6.png ) i wonder what will they do to stop the illegal migrants from simply walking around it ? 
  good point , i retract my statement . 
  this was a wonderful decision on your part . 
  enjoy being new belarus . 
  52 % of population did not vote leave . 
  barely 30 % of the population said that they wanted to leave , and now many regret it , because they just realized that they 'll all get fucked . 
  army vs. army fighting obviously would be quite one-sided . 
  however , a population that does not want to be invaded is a serious force . 
  sabotaging shit , setting traps , assaulting at night , etc. 
  would be possible , since the locals know all the corners of their cities and all trees of their forests . 
  we 've been occupied by russia for many years . 
  no one wants to go back . 
  well , some people do , but they 're mostly pensioners who do n't understand anything . 
  the point is that most young people would go to fight without a doubt . 
  [ warning triangle ] ( https://2ecffd01e1ab3e9383f0-07db7b9624bbdf022e3b5395236d5cf8.ssl.cf4.rackcdn.com/product-800x800/035e9fc0-c04e-4f90-92a4-748b016b8cfd.jpg ) has to be placed behind the car if you stop for whatever reason on the road . 
  yes , you can get fined for not placing one , in some countries you wo n't even pass technical inspection if you do n't have one in the car . 
  we take safety quite seriously here . 
  they treat it with all sorts of things , so it will not rot or burn , it will repel moisture , etc. 
  it will last as long as any other building , really . 
  no , most likely in october . 
  no , no `` the '' . 
  just `` grand tour . '', 
  [ town of nida ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e4efdao.jpg ) in the curonian spit . 
  wild nature , fresh sea food , lots of paths for walking and cycling and sandy beaches . 
  [ trakai castle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oafawv4.jpg ) is really nice , they have medieval plays and stuff in it , guided tours , etc. 
  nearby town has all sorts of attractions , local traditional food , nice little hotels , etc. 
  you can rent a yacht , a pedalo , a paddle board or a simple little rowboat and go around the castle . 
  we actually went there yesterday with some friends , [ it was a very long session of chill . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ocl6uao.jpg ) [ old town of vilnius ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rwp9a1r.jpg ) with lots of cosy little cafes , fancy restaurants , simple and delicious burgers , loud dance clubs , rock bars with hard rock trivia nights , quiet hipster art vegan juice bars , wooden pubs with chatty bartenders and funny old local drunks , etc. 
  everyone will find something nice . 
  coventry transport museum is actually really cool . 
  reviews on the store page talk about some strange noises in the app which ca n't be turned off ... 
  $ 34 050 for a brand new ( so probably a 2016 ) model in lithuania .
