wait , so the russian boat was in portuguese eez and they simply were asked to leave ? 
  a few weeks ago a lithuanian fishing boat accidentally went into russia 's eez in the baltic sea , because the international fishing body forgot to issue updated maps with zones . 
  it 's been arrested and the russians wanted $ 2.5 million ransom for it . 
  that 's several times more than the ship is worth . 
  the ransom has since been lowered to just $ 815,000 . 
  i know quite a few of those people . 
  not just from china , but from eastern europe too . 
  they usually already have a job secured before they come to uk and said job is mostly with people from their country ( in warehouses and such ) so english language skills are not necessary . 
   almost she seems to be absolutely terrified . 
  like `` holy fuck , will they be offering goats as sacrifice to the gods of basketball after this ? '', 
  it was a bad choice for russia . 
  they will invest billions in the additional infrastructure and then half of the teams will just boycott the games . 
  it 's not coincidence , it 's independence . 
  no , it could supply enough gas for a year , if it keeps running at full capacity throughout the year . 
  check the news . 
  just not rt. 
  it 's actually quite easy to hide a modern submarine . 
  apparently they do . 
  not all of them , obviously , but a sizeable chunk . 
  the leader of the polish political party in lithuania was walking around with georgij stripes not so long ago , in public events . 
  poland has announced that they do not support him in any way . 
  same here , shit would go down . 
  people would go with knifes and axes against tanks . 
  the shitty part is where most of the russian and polish minorities ( the ones who support russia ) live all around the capital . 
  ah , the joyous life of a gypsy . 
  well , they are n't wrong ... 
  i 've never tried the american buttermilk , but i 've heard that it 's quite similar to kefir . 
  there are many different types of cured pork and they 're all different . 
  some are better than others . 
  same as cheese . 
  many of them have a clear place of origin . 
  or at least a country that 's best at making the dish . 
  roasted piece of meat with some veggies is n't exactly unique to uk ... 
  the liquid in this soup is called kefir , it 's basically milk that has gone all sour and thick . 
  we drink it too . 
  i once had a visitor ( via couchsurfing ) from us , he took a sip and said `` nope , that 's too weird . 
  thanks . '', 
  i do n't think we 're as bad as russia . 
  many younger people are now ok with homosexuality , for starters . 
  also , we do n't imprison people for being gay . 
   let me out first please d : that 's what any infected person would say ... 
  your solution to illegal immigration is colonisation of africa ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  it would be cheaper to just send a few normal , functional boats and pick them up from their countries , rather than look for them in the sea . 
  there 's a fuse box with breakers , they pop if there 's a short somewhere . 
  no need to buy new ones , they 're multi-use . 
  socket very rarely is the point of failure , the shitty appliance usually is . 
  last time a breaker popped was when i bought the cheapest kettle i could find . 
  it worked fine for a month or two , then the rubber seals started falling apart . 
  water started leaking on the heating element and wires around it and pop , everything 's off . 
  ok , so one for phone , one for laptop , what are the other two for ? 
  and what sort of other electronics do you constantly move around ? 
  also , may i suggest [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/guzhgvg.jpg ) with just a single adapter ? 
  so how many devices do you carry with you ? 
  how so ? 
  i honestly ca n't remember a case where a wall plug fell out of its socket . 
  or where it turned out to be unreliable because it only has two bits instead of three . 
  please look again at [ modern euro plugs ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hvol8/eu_legislation_to_standardise_phone_chargers_was/ckwp1jo ) , they 're plenty stable , most definitely not flimsy . 
  the ones that other guy posted might wiggle a bit , but not noticeably so . 
  however , almost all new plugs are like [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gwxupbs.jpg ) . 
  wide , stable , grounded . 
  also , notice how the socket is recessed ? 
  thanks to this , the prongs are unreachable until you completely pull the plug out . 
  you ca n't accidentally touch them . 
  they 're also backwards-compatible with old-style plugs , like the one posted on that wiki article . 
  have you ever even seen a real euro plug ? 
  they 're perfect . 
  practical , comfortable and they most definitely do not rotate . 
  i do n't know what made you think that they could rotate . 
  ok , let me drop a message to the queen , i 'll tell her to replace all those millions of sockets because it 's mildly inconvenient for some foreigners . 
  that is the usual effect , yes . 
  a friend of mine was charging his note with an old huawei charger ( which only outputs 0.4 a ) while the original one was on holidays , it would take quite a few hours but it would charge . 
  it works the other way around . 
  the `` charger '' is actually just a simple 5v power supply , it provides power and nothing else . 
  the actual charging circuit in your phone pulls as much power as it needs . 
  if your device needs 2 amps and the power supply can provide just 1 , then you will run into some problems , mostly overheating . 
  you do n't have to carry yours , since the buddy has one anyway . 
  i do carry a spare microusb cable , though . 
  `` all '' meaning two of them ? 
  it 's not misleading , your prices actually are higher . 
  this is n't about purchasing power , it 's about prices . 
  ukraine is bad , employs literally nazis . 
  russia good . 
   you completely swallowed anti russian propaganda . 
  or did you swallow it ? 
  not everyone could just go and film everything , russia was keeping a close eye on all reporters . 
  that 's why tartars did n't want to speak on camera in the interviews . 
   was i wrong ? 
  for example azov battalion is known for its nazi members . 
  first of all , neo-nazi members . 
  slightly different . 
  second thing , this is their spare time hobby . 
  they 're not employed by hitler to try and hunt down those who have jewish blood . 
  overall , i do n't really see how their hobbies are relevant to the actions of russia in ukraine . 
  the government will send everyone who can use a gun to fight the russian army . 
   and yet there is a protester publicly speaking without fear . 
  yes , because it 's not soviet russia anymore . 
  special services have more important things than just random old people . 
  see how the news report was all nice , people enjoying themselves , over 90 % voted for being part of russia ? 
  it intentionally makes the woman look like a nut-case .
