  russia is kind of weird . 
  although they 've been this way for the past few centuries , so it 's not really abnormal . 
  ohh , i 'm going to tbilisi in three weeks , it should be awesome . 
  such strong alcohol is illegal , yet it 's still fairly popular in rural areas . 
  it was called the same in my street . 
  lots of russian families were around . 
  maybe we 're neighbors , that would explain it . 
  yes , also flowers , blades of grass and other such stuff . 
  germany is the most hated ? 
  that does n't really work here . 
  in op 's case the skin is n't eaten . 
  also , avoiding little pleasures like this is silly . 
  we have a saying here : we 'll both die at the same old age . 
  the difference is that i 'll die happy and you 'll die healthy . 
  yup , we do this as well . 
  one neat trick that i learned from my grandma is to cut a potato in half , scoop it out a bit and then crack an egg in there . 
  put the two halves together and use some toothpicks to keep them together . 
  can be done in an oven too . 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  i ca n't find even a single instance of anyone ever trying to burn a lithuanian flag . 
  so we sometimes see them , but we do n't have to deal with them . 
  it 's not like what op described , we do n't get us wall plugs or imperial bolts or anything . 
  most stores list the size in both inches and centimetres . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , we just got it back from russia !, 
  my friend changed his surname because everyone here kept mispronouncing it or writing it wrong . 
  he 's a doctor so he deals with a lot of people . 
  wrong surname causes all sorts of problems . 
  this was sufficient to get it changed . 
  however , i have no idea how it would work for a foreigner . 
  i think you 'd have to become lithuanian citizen to do that , because lithuanian government could n't make you a polish passport with your new name . 
  sounds irish to me . 
  so what kind of friends could improve things ? 
  do you have any particular countries in mind ? 
  hah , good luck . 
  you could go to prison for up to one year if you 're caught driving drunk with more than 1.5 promiles of alcohol in your blood . 
   catholic or protestant people literally killed others for this question . 
  a week ago , i think . 
  at the moment it 's +7 c and drizzling which is just stupid . 
  back in the nineties we used to have lots of snow from november until april . 
  now it 's like the third christmas without snow in a row . 
  new years eve will probably be rainy too . 
  it usually gets a bit colder and snows in january and february , so hopefully we 'll get at least a few weeks of actual winter soon . 
  i know how you feel . 
  english is not an official language of austria , so they probably could n't pick that . 
  it is one of multiple official languages in both ireland and malta , and they were allowed to pick one . 
  uk already had english , so those two picked something else . 
  in either case , english language status should remain because it is by far the most popular second language in europe . 
  english ( started learning in pre-school ) , some russian as i have russian neighbours and i was friends with their kids when growing up , and i understand some polish/czech/slovak because those languages are similar . 
  a few words in spanish too . 
   we form our own power bloc to stabilise current tensions . 
  tell me , how do you imagine that ? 
  who will choose to be in this eastern block instead of nato ? 
  how is it going to be better ? 
  say what you want , but so far nato has been doing a decent job , they 're sending soldiers here as insurance , we 're buying new military equipment . 
  putin would have to be really drunk to try pulling some shit here , like he did in ukraine . 
  without nato we would be on our own , because none of our neighbours have such large armies that they could just send us a few thousand soldiers with full support gear , tanks , helicopters , etc. 
   i am not defending russia , no , you 're just changing the subject . 
  we were talking about russia and what they do to their neighbours . 
  what us does in the middle east is a separate topic . 
  make a new thread and talk about it there . 
  are you russian or something ? 
  we asked to be accepted into nato . 
  we dreamed about it for decades , literally . 
  it was a nation-wide party when we joined nato and eu in 2004 . 
  we want nato here because putin is afraid of nato . 
  on our own we could n't do shit , no matter how hard we tried , but with friends we could have a chance , in case russia decided to `` take back their land '' . 
  tell me , who wants to attack or invade any part of russia ? 
  literally no one . 
  meanwhile , russia keeps dropping hints about doing that to eu countries , and they already did it to georgia and ukraine . 
  ... how is that relevant in any way whatsoever ? 
  oh i killed a man , chopped him up into pieces and fed them to the pigs ? 
  well so what , this other guy has killed a man too , so go and do something about him . 
  the trick is that russia has done evil things before , they did them with a smile and they still refuse to admit that they did anything wrong . 
  lots of people today got leaflets in their mailboxes in vilnius , asking people of russian origin ( also those who had ussr citizenship , so mostly everyone over 30 years old ) to move to russia , because life there is much better , everything 's cheaper , wages are better , etc. 
  shit like that just keeps happening . 
  i would n't be very surprised if they decided to invade latvia or finland or some other eu county . 
  it 's always been the norm because old russian cars only had manual transmissions . 
  there were some automatic ones but they were only available for the top of the elite . 
  now majority of cars are manual but automatic transmissions are getting much better at mileage and all that , so many people switch to those . 
  anyone who likes cars and driving will only buy a manual car , because that 's how proper driving is done . 
  no matter how advanced , no computer will know which gear to use better than you . 
  i went to a rich people 's party once , they hired a security company who brought some guns and made a shooting range on location , so i got to try some pistols . 
  i 've only ever met one foreigner who came here and learned lithuanian . 
  far from perfect , but enough for basic communication . 
  he came here with erasmus program , liked the country and stayed here for a few more years . 
  everyone else at least speaks decent english , so communication is not a problem . 
  ironically , i have a few russian neighbors who 've been living here for 30 + years , they raised children here who are now adults , yet these people still ca n't say a word in lithuanian . 
  sometimes i 'll meet them in the street , they ask me something , i shake my head and say that i do n't understand russian and then they get all annoyed , because obviously i 'm an arrogant asshole who refuses to learn the best language ever . 
  yes , but they 're not looked down upon . 
  many are more hipster than a stereotypical hipster . 
  i mean , over here they do n't sit in coffee shops with their macbook all day trying to become a writer . 
  here they 're mostly poor artists , often with fairly shitty art . 
  it roughly translates to `` mushroom girl '' . 
  some friends call themselves atheists , those are usually interested in religious matters and know stuff about various religions . 
  however , most young people call themselves christian because their parents were christian but it 's been many years since the last time they went to church and they never pray . 
  most countries have public buses covering just cities . 
  travel between cities is often left for private companies . 
  those buses are usually really nice , comfy , fit for long trips . 
  competition is a good thing . 
  it 's still massive .
