  in france or uk those immigrants are from ex-colonies , so they feel like they have a right to live in the country and to demand for change in laws . 
  hm , i 'm looking at their terms & conditions page , but it 's very unclear whether they charge that or not , considering that up until now it was # 2 for 20mb when abroad ... 
  that 's still a terrible price . 
  # 3 per day plus # 0.70 per mb and it adds up to quite a pile of money . 
  they just go under different names , but it 's still vodafone . 
  [ almost the same ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g6tlt.png ) , but a bit wider . 
  maybe because i strongly disagree with punishing criminals harder ? 
  poland is not exactly famous for being developed . 
  what else do you expect ? 
  muslim families tend to have many children , so naturally their population is rising quickly . 
  google translate strikes again !, 
  they bid half of what the government was expecting to spend , but only 25 % less than the next bidder . 
  still a lot cheaper , so no wonder that they fucked up . 
  well , either this or the highway would have fallen apart after one year . 
  they ca n't have `` cheap , quick and reliable '' all at the same time , they have to pick two . 
  keep us updated on how this works out . 
  it 's an interesting situation . 
  that 's right , this will teach you to be handicapped !, 
  you 're just jealous because you 're not in the list , 
  good , europe is levelling out . 
  maybe some 5-10 years later we will be able to introduce euro in all the remaining countries and it wo n't cause a shitstorm . 
  no lithuanian flag either , it seems . 
  only the colours from it . 
  there 's a [ similar bull ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zfzta.jpg ) in birmingham , uk , but it does n't look as good . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3g3a9.png ) is the flag itself . 
  lithuania is very colourful , 
  true , i do n't have any more info about this particular situation . 
  i 'm judging based on lots of previous ( very similar ) cases . 
  law is often ignored when it comes to false claims . 
  to be honest , it 's ignored most of the time . 
  the worst that could happen is she would get to do some public services or something , as opposed to those two guys going to jail for 10 years and then not being able to find a job ever again . 
  so she got drunk , had sex , now regrets it . 
  claiming that she was raped is a win-win situation for her , because she either wins a shitload of money from the footballers or she simply does n't get anything and just walks away , because false rape claims are not punishable . 
  nope , ca n't be . 
  ah , reminds me of [ eurotrip ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0356150/ ) . 
  watch it , if you have n't seen it already , it 's a good comedy . 
  if you have seen it , here 's the bit which was cut out , [ michelle trachtenberg 's boobs ] ( http://4chanarchive.org/images/gif/3945654/1291195337140.gif ) . 
  they make venice look bad too . 
  i was expecting the city to be much nicer and cleaner , yet there were tags on almost every wall . 
  sad that people do n't value such a unique place . 
  those pirates better thank their god that it was n't a russian tanker . 
  just a random observation : i was in venice doing some research recently and i noticed that there is a lot of politically-inspired graffiti . 
  the ones from anarchist and neo-nazi groups were the most common , although there also seemed to be a lot of stuff from immigrants from the middle east . 
  they were cursing us and obama , praising the `` islamic spring '' in tunisia and egypt and all that . 
  if actually switching to another network upon arrival will be implemented , then it will be awesome . 
  now some networks charge insane amounts of money for data connection . 
  i would use google maps every time in every city , but it 's just too damn expensive . 
  you know it 's not going to end well when people are forced to show respect ... 
  `` kill those who say that islam is violent '' is another common one , although probably fake . 
  milder muslims say that they are against all this protesting and violence , but i do n't really see them doing anything to show that they actually mean that . 
  are they implying that illegal migration is a myth ? 
  oh god , jewce will be taking over jupiter !, 
  he sort of was , spent some time in jail and i believe he 's now under 22-hour curfew , however he 's still a terrorist . 
  if he goes to jail , then we will be feeding someone who was planning on committing a suicide attack in our own country . 
  we 're not sending him back to jordan because they also think that he 's a terrorist and will probably torture him , which is not allowed by the echr . 
  i agree . 
  what 's `` hot '' is usually what retarded kids like . 
  shit like drum 'n' bass , then techno , jumpstyle ( or whatever it 's called ) , now dubstep . 
  it 's all the same crap . 
  [ jurga \u0160eduikyt\u0117 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2hvnxzxxyy ) is one of the last few artists in lithuania who does n't suck . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdtszqjn6g0&amp;feature=related ) is our eurovision song for this year , it 's also in the tops currently . 
  i 'm 94 % sure that we will get one of the last three places , because it sucks . 
  it 's boring and unimaginative . 
  torrenting is how the stuff would be distributed if we did n't have record labels . 
  record companies are scared because they are becoming obsolete , as proven by the pirate bay and their advertising campaign , promoting new artists . 
  they 're trying to sue the fuck out of all there pro-piracy people because if they do n't , less and less musicians will sign a deal with them , because having an independent website and giving torrents ( and asking for donations in return ) would bring in more money . 
  entertainment industry tried to ban vhs and magnetic cassettes , recordable cds and all other shareable media , because it threatened their monopoly . 
  now the internet came along and it 's the first real , big enemy of their monopoly , that 's why they 're freaking out and pushing various new legislations all over the world and trying to arrest file sharers and website owners . 
  as you probably know , the musician only gets a very very small cut from all the profits , majority of it goes to the record label and also to production and sales of cds . 
  imagine if we removed the big guy and all the cd printing/shipping costs . 
  an album costs what , $ 20 now ? 
  imagine if the price dropped down to $ 2 , for an instant download . 
  everyone could easily afford that and piracy rates naturally would drop . 
  also , the musician would get most of the profits to himself , earning much more than before . 
  because entertainment industry does n't care if it 's right or not , they only care if it brings money . 
  some american twat , with a degree in theology . 
  they are , this guy does a week 's job in four hours . 
  you ca n't be more efficient than that . 
  they do n't have to be free . 
  they only have to be so cheap that it would n't be worth pirating any more . 
  also , delivery should be done online , i.e. 
  downloadable everything . 
  it 's 21st century , why would anyone wait three days for their physical disc to arrive ? 
  example for such `` too cheap to pirate '' product would be louis ck standup . 
  he earned much more by asking $ 5 per download , than if he would 've given it to some label which would 've sold dvds for $ 20 or so . 
  also , imagine if netflix became available in all households and offered all the tv shows , movies and everything else as soon as it comes out , for a fixed fee of $ 15/month , or so . 
  who would n't buy that ? 
  since everyone with a tv would have that , makers would get massive profits and the piracy would slowly die out , as $ 15 is not that much . 
  prices are heavily influenced by engine size , though . 
  idea behind this is that a big-engined car will go fast and it will be heavy , so the young driver ( dumb and without experience , obviously ) will run through a traffic jam and completely destroy 10 + other vehicles . 
  for the shelby i did a price comparison , ~ # 10,000 / year was one of the cheapest options . 
  third in the list was running upwards of # 22,000 . 
  billions . 
  for a brand new driver it 's somewhere around # 4000 per year for a small-ish car . 
  out of curiosity i once checked how much would it cost to insure a brand new shelby gt v8 and ... well let 's just say that it would be cheaper to buy a used car for # 1000 every month . 
  i really do n't know what the hell are they thinking . 
  based on those numbers , i must crash the car within two years . 
  well to be fair , most people are rarely exposed to the same poverty , as gypsies tend to stay in that same part of the city , which ( as i already mentioned ) is more of an industrial area . 
  therefore , our kids do n't really see the bad stuff and do n't get to hang out with gypsy kids . 
  it 's not a very nice thing to say , but i 'm kind of ok with them staying in their ghetto and not moving out to random places around the city .
