  just you wait until next monday , we 'll see who will be laughing then !, 
  great idea !, 
  us is about to be nuked by north korea , so there will be a massive hole left . 
  no need for the copper ones , no one wants to use them anyway . 
  you should n't pay so much attention to votes . 
  there are plenty of dumb users ( `` did n't even read , downvoted , lol yolo swag '' ) and plenty of voting bots that mess with upvotes/downvotes . 
  yes , but they usually come back within a few months . 
  usually with fake passports . 
  there also are lots of bars and pubs . 
  one thing that i found interesting in uk is that pubs do n't sell any food in the evening . 
  obviously people still want to eat after drinking , so there always are long queues near all those kebab shops . 
  the queueing ( too many syllables in this word ) is exceptional , though . 
  because that 's where most of the offices are located . 
   `` fressgasse '' ( translated something like `` guzzle lane '' ) in uk such places just called `` city centre '' . 
  kebab shops are the only ones that are really thriving , as people now buy their electronics and clothes online . 
  fairly sure that uk would beat anyone . 
  there even are kebab streets . 
  one pub , three kebab places , then a bar and four more kebab places . 
  if this is true , then she should have her licence taken away and never given back . 
  firstly , mali asked for help . 
  second , there still are lots of french citizens living in mali , as stated in the article . 
  and lastly , maybe they did n't want to go to car . 
  one might as well ask why us did n't go there . 
  cool , that 's a third point for me in just a bit under three years !, 
  or not concealed , which obviously only makes things better . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nuoxk.jpg ) is living the american dream . 
  have you tried unsubscribing from his tweets ? 
  poe 's law in action . 
  who would you choose , piers or this screaming guy ? 
   how can a tv station allow someone like that to appear in front of a camera ? 
  now imagine giving him as many high-powered guns as he wants and letting him out in the public . 
  that 's us for you . 
  and what exactly is my position ? 
  also , i would feel exactly the same if this was a big bunch of uneducated people from poland or bulgaria who are just looking for some free welfare , in case you wonder . 
  oh , that 's ok . you can always sell her . 
   the somalis can contribute just as much as any other white european people . 
  no they ca n't , look at their education and the resulting employment levels . 
  90 % of them are going straight on welfare because all low-level jobs are already taken . 
  also , i do n't care that their life was n't as lucky as someone else 's . 
  it 's not my problem , it 's theirs . 
  i 'm contributing to the society and paying taxes , they 're not . 
  would n't you agree to give up part of your taxes in exchange for a free maid ? 
  and this screaming idiot is the one who 's pro-guns ? 
  that does n't really help his cause ... 
   what do you have against multiculturalism ? 
  or maybe your just a racist fuck . 
  you 're a fucking retard , that 's what i 've got against it . 
  why is it that dumb fucks like you accuse everyone who 's against mass immigration to be racists ? 
  i do n't care what race they are , i care if they will contribute to the society or not . 
  statistics in this case are obvious , somalis are coming to sweden for free housing , food and clothes , not because they want to work . 
  most of them could n't work at all because they 're uneducated . 
  there always are a few decent exceptions . 
  would n't that be three groups in total ? 
  there are two types of people : those who hate gypsies , and those who have never lived next to gypsies . 
  it 's still part of europe . 
  uk is part of europe . 
  that 's not an example i was asking for , i wanted to see how uk government restricts your freedom . 
  that 's not just some random foreign government , it 's the european commission . 
  a british representative is in there too , you know , because uk is part of europe . 
  catherine ashton , in case you care . 
  she 's actually the vice president of ec at the moment . 
  you do realize that the government is n't doing this for fun ? 
  alcoholism is a serious problem . 
  also , i do n't really see how this restricts your freedoms , besides preventing you from destroying your body and then using the government-funded healthcare to try and fix it . 
  such as . . ? 
  may i ask how exactly are they attacking * your * freedom ? 
  it was actually supposed to be sarcastic . 
  also , the difference between switzerland and us is that here everyone goes through military training before getting a gun . 
  meanwhile , in us every stupid fucktard can get one in their local mall without any permits or anything , as long as they have a valid id and do n't have a history of arrests or serious mental illnesses . 
  he just wants to adopt a russian babby . 
  so that 's a few articles , half of which seem to be from the daily mail , which means that they 're fake and never happened . 
  what 's your point ? 
  also , your flag shows portugal , what do you know about uk ? 
  nah , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbgqgmxxnro ) . 
  no , i 'm serious . 
  you posted a pic about uk joining the nazis and communists , you yourself are from portugal and you seem to hate british immigration policies . 
  care to explain what the hell is going on here ? 
  are you a communist nazi or something ? 
  that is n't even logical , but then again , it 's you who posted that pic , not me . 
  what are you , a grudge police ? 
  edit : oh wait , i just noticed your flag . 
  sorry , carry on . 
  that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . 
   this is what happens when your rich country builds an empire somewhere , leaving behind social conditions that ca n't even hope to compete . 
  yea , that 's why i fucking hate christians . 
  they fucked everything up with their crusades , so it 's payback time now . 
  muslims in uk are not from bosnia , they 're from pakistan . 
  not exactly the place that 's famous for moderate and modern muslims . 
  as i 've said , ufo is synonymous with `` omfg aliens ! '', 
  among the simple folks . 
  ufo implies something of an alien origin , especially among the ordinary people . 
  yet it 's a lot easier for insurance companies to circumvent such laws . 
  they can just claim that they have compared all the data that the client provided and it turned out to cost more for this guy than this girl . 
  after all , you have to provide almost every aspect of your life , including when and where you 'll be driving , how many other drivers are in your family , who else has a car , etc. 
  they might still find a way . 
  i remember checking insurance quotes a while ago and the website bragged about how they 're equal and all that , so i decided to do a little test . 
  when registering , you have to state your occupation . 
  they had things like `` steward '' and `` stewardess '' , they also had `` mr '' and `` mrs '' next to your name . 
  if you pick all the female options , then the insurance is cheaper than using the male equivalents . 
  so while they do n't ask for your gender , they still have ways to figure that out .
