  both are also sold in normal bottles and cartons , too . 
  i met two french people at a house party while studying in the uk . 
  sweet couple , very friendly and easy to talk to . 
  a few days later i was walking alone in the city centre and met that girl , also walking alone . 
  she pretty much just shoved her cheek in my face , i was so confused . 
  took a few seconds to realise what she was going for . 
  on a related note , men give a kiss on the cheek for each other in georgia ( the country ) . 
  a bit weird at first , but got used to it because everyone does that with guys that they know . 
   we want everyone to be well-off !, 
  of course we do . 
  if the whole eu is well-off , then everyone in the eu is happy . 
  newer members of the eu are n't doing as well as germany or france , which is why they get money to gain momentum . 
  eventually they start catching up and giving something in return . 
  poland is doing really quite well now , as shown by your furniture example . 
   why should russia abstain from cheering for anti-eu parties because russia does n't want cooperation , trade deals and access to this market . 
  russia just wants influence and to occupy others . 
  things looked quite good not so long ago , many people here in lithuania were quite happy about it because we could 've become great friends , but then russia attacked georgia , then ukraine , which is how they lost all chances of becoming good neighbours with eu . 
   european peoples have been prevented from buying russian chairs , because russian government is a terrorist government , no other way to say it . 
  if your government keeps talking about re-occupying us , then obviously we wo n't do any trade deals . 
  if your government keeps attacking neighbours , then do n't be surprised that we do n't really want to be friends with it . 
  by not working , it 's a national holiday in lithuania . 
  went for a very long walk in a park with some friends , then we went to a forest , found a bunch of gyromitra mushrooms , cooked and ate them with pork , it was nice . 
  it 's shit but we 're working on it . 
  the brits are well known for drinking until they pass out and then they puke all over everything . 
  while passed out , that is . 
  then they shout a lot . 
  i used to like light beer . 
  i returned home from georgia ( the country ) last week . 
  over there everyone drinks wine . 
  locals educated me a bit about different wines and taught me how to drink them . 
  now i like white wine . 
  the taste is still nice ( beer is nice too ) but i do n't have to drink as much , one bottle is usually enough . 
  i do n't have to run to the bathroom after every glass , which is nice . 
  and the best part is the lack of hangovers , if the wine is good . 
  overweight people are not rare , same as everywhere else , but obesity is reserved for old people , mostly . 
  younger people do n't have that `` healthy at every size '' mentality , everyone knows that fat is ugly and not healthy . 
  fat shaming happens only when the shamee is not present . 
  i know a few obese guys/girls , everyone interacts with them the same as with anyone else . 
  i 'm sure there are at least a few in r/belarus . 
  i also see them quite often irl because they come to lithuania for shopping . 
  furniture , electronics and other such stuff is cheaper here . 
  well , we use russian for swearing , because lithuanian language just does n't have strong , dedicated swear words . 
  keep telling everyone how much you like it here in latvia . 
  you can also occasionally ask why we did n't adopt the russian language while we were in the soviet union . 
  try to stand as close as possible when talking with locals , we 're warm people and we like closeness like that . 
  it seems very likely for scotland to break free , since they voted remain . 
  oh , been there , it 's quite nice . 
  unfortunately , a lot of the rooms in it are locked . 
  the ones which are unlocked are either empty or have just one wardrobe or something like that . 
  everything valuable was stolen during the world wars . 
  700 years ago one duke said that my city one day will be the greatest city in the world . 
  pint is really close to half a litre . 
  we either order a beer , or a small beer for 0.33 l. 
  most young people just ignore religion completely . 
  no one cares about it , no one talks about it , although we follow some christian and pagan traditions because that 's what traditions are for . 
  iirc , indigo was added by the church to make it seven colors . 
  six is the number of the devil , you see . 
  that 's why the gay flag has six colors , it 's a `` fuck you '' to the church . 
  i know some people who drive to poland once a month for groceries , does that count ? 
  uh , how do i prove it ? 
  it 's simply not broadcasted here . 
  fm waves have a limit to how far they can travel . 
  i assure you , i ca n't . 
  there are just [ 30 stations ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c4%85ra%c5%a1as:radijo_stotys_vilniuje ) working in vilnius , and half of those are crap . 
  google music is not a bad option , really . 
   there are hundreds of fmradio stations depends on where you are , i guess . 
  i 'm in lithuania and only a couple dozen or so are available on roads between cities , assuming that your antenna is good enough . 
  there 's not even a single operational am station , as far as i know . 
   free shit ya , i lied about that , i do n't actually pay for tv since all the shows that i like are not available in my country on netflix . 
  amazon prime is n't available here either , so torrents solve things . 
  as for radio , number of stations is limited and they usually do n't play what i want . 
  it 's easier to just type in `` driving in sunshine '' or something when i 'm going to another city . 
   but you only rent the thing , well duh , same as lots of other things . 
  i rent access to the internet , to the mobile networks , to all the tv channels , etc. 
  i personally do n't really care about music , i do n't even know the artists in my playlists , i just like that music in the background when driving or cooking , so i would n't even know what to download without researching it first . 
  i 'm paying for the convenience , that 's all . 
  getting all of that music for free is a pain in the ass , though . 
  searching for torrents , arranging them , getting rid of shitty `` remix '' versions and poor quality copies , etc. 
  the price point is different for everyone . 
  for me 60 euros per year is cheap enough , considering what i get in return , which is a massive music collection arranged by style , author , mood , time of day , etc. 
  i can type `` cooking at home '' in gmusic and it will offer a few different playlists , that 's quite cool . 
  lots of people have switched to spotify or google music here , which costs 5 euros per month . 
  not a lot of money to pay for all music ever . 
  i live next to several universities and lots of student dorms , so i see erasmus students quite often . 
  other than that , maybe once a month , but only when it 's warm , tourist season . 
  depends on where you 're from , [ i guess . 
  we call it lithuanian salad , heh . 
  although the recipe is slightly different . 
  here in lithuania most places wo n't give you tap water if you ask for water . 
  they 'll bring a 1l jug with a slice of lemon , grapefruit and some mint leaves , and then charge you for it . 
  it 's usually just one euro , but still . 
  vilnius was mentioned for the first time in 1323 , on 25th of january . 
  our duke gediminas wrote to the people of several other european cities and announced that he 's ready to accept christianity . 
  vilnius is actually older than that because in the same letter he mentions a christian church which was built a few years earlier . 
  hah , have fun . 
  but then again , they have two separate taps for hot and cold . 
  not two handles and one tap , but two whole separate taps . 
  it 's different on different taps in my house . 
  you can connect the hoses to the tap any way you want , the connectors are identical . 
  those red/blue plastic thingies on the tap can be swapped to fit your preferences .
