  so yea , we 're arguing what 's worse , being starved to death , or worked to death in a labour camp . 
  you were a political enemy if you told a `` so lenin walks into a bar ... '' joke and someone ratted you out to the government . 
  you were also a political enemy if you were somewhat rich or educated , had your own business , did n't fully agree with the government 's position on something or any one of many other reasons . 
  the fact that the soviets killed fewer people does n't make them any better . 
  they killed people , they killed millions . 
  at that point an additional million or two does n't change anything . 
  no wait , i just checked and it turns out that i 'm wrong . 
  those guys are actually tourists , not terrorists . 
  they 're on holidays in ukraine . 
   why they use communistic `` comrade '' ? 
  same country , same old machines , same language . 
  well , they actually are , soo ... 
  soviets were just as bad as nazis , to be fair . 
  what makes them worse is that russia praises what soviets did and brags about it all the time . 
  germany at least said `` sorry . '', 
  we lithuanians are not too grateful either . 
  ussr defeated germany and then just re-occupied us . 
  according to my grandma and other old people that i 've talked to , being occupied by the germans was better . 
  german soldiers would come to their village and ask for food , in exchange for various farm work . 
  then russian soldiers would come and just take what they wanted . 
  [ with our mascot !, 
  oh , i do n't hate all russian people . 
  only the ones who praise the soviet union , support putin and are for occupation of independent , neighbouring countries . 
  they had no part , sure . 
  the baltics back then ( and crimea now ) were occupied by leprechauns . 
  or maybe they faked the occupation themselves ? 
  russia would never do such a thing because russia is a very nice , friendly and helpful country . 
  it 's hard to forget history . 
  for the past two decades russia has been kind of ok , compared to the years before that , and we thought that maybe one day we will become friends . 
  but then bam , they start a war , with occupations and shit . 
  it 's the same crap all over again . 
   i 'm wondering do lithuanians and other feels good that they escaped from the soviets , cancelled their industry and now are toilet cleaners of europe we do feel good . 
  we did n't `` cancel the industry '' , we have developed way beyond russia . 
  as for toilet cleaners , come on . 
  do you think that there 's not a single native french , german or belgian guy cleaning toilets in their respective country ? 
  baltic states pre-ww2 were poor because we 've been occupied before that too . 
  russians , germans , russians again ... 
  you should come visit us some time , lithuania should be really pretty in a few weeks , when the weather warms up . 
  i was really surprised myself , when i came back from three years of studies abroad . 
  well obviously , but that 's the thing , girls here are more often pretty than not . 
  that 's in addition to a very low percentage of fat girls . 
  also girls who actually take care of themselves , which results in nice skin , healthy hair and so on . 
  nah , this part of the world ( northern and eastern europe ) is actually full of pretty women . 
  it 's mostly because we do n't have fat acceptance movements here . 
  these search results are probably related to your search history , region and other things . 
  op 's map for lithuania shows `` a pint '' , which proves your point . 
  we do n't measure beer in pints , english-speaking tourists do . 
  i checked this same question in lithuanian language and top three suggestions are electricity , passport and building a house . 
  lithuanian here , 7 euro for unlimited sms and calls , 2gb internet on lte speeds ( 50 + mbps ) . 
  because he is pro-russian . 
  he will mock pretty much everything that eu does . 
  it was the same in many soviet states . 
  what i 'm implying is that it 's not just one accident . 
  have you read any of the interviews with them ? 
  some christians are running away from those countries due to religious persecution , but often muslims on the same boat kill them before they reach europe . 
  the migrants are n't just from libya , they 're from all over the continent . 
  to me it looks like they 're just looking for easy money . 
  i mean , european governments will literally pay you money if you 're jobless . 
  to them it sounds like a dream . 
  what are they running from ? 
  is there a problem in their home countries , or are they part of that problem ? 
  that does n't really matter . 
  we still do n't like you . 
  `` pipele '' ? 
  who made this ? 
  we do n't even have such a word . 
  well , maybe some local slang in some tiny village somewhere , but i 've never heard anything like that . 
  is there anything that those people can do about it ? 
  like , i do n't know , eat less ? 
   why would you be downvoted for that ? 
  because there are some fat people in this thread . 
  they ca n't cope with it . 
  i 'm about as bad as hitler , basically . 
  found the fattie !, 
  why so sadly ? 
  fat shaming advocates for healthy , fit lifestyle . 
  so you had a good job , family , friends and all that , and then decided to just emigrate ? 
  and it 's ok because you adjusted ? 
  those people are forced out of their homes , they are not leaving because life 's too good . 
  it 's a joke . 
  sorting by `` controversial '' will put comments with lots of upvotes and downvotes to the top , even though their total score is n't high . 
  aww  we 're trying really hard , maybe one day we will be like you . 
  ukraine bombed their own cities in the beginning ? 
  yea , makes perfect sense . 
  finally , being one of the poorer countries in europe is starting to pay off !, 
   poeple like you you mean ukrainians ? 
  is n't it quite obvious that it 's russia and pro-russian scum doing the bombing ? 
  i do n't know , probably stalin . 
  central stores in moscow were always the first to get all the nice stuff , though . 
  it was the same in all communist countries , except maybe moscow . 
  oh cool , more illegal immigrants !, 
  in what way ? 
  lithuania - everything 's usual . 
  russia keeps flying their jets and surveillance airplanes right next to our border , also keeps sending more and more modern gear to kaliningrad . 
  - our president proposed to increase our military budget by 150 million euros . 
  - mandatory military service is being brought back due to what russia is doing . 
  now it will be just 3500 men per year , 9 months of training . 
  uk or ireland . 
  because half of my friends and family are already there . 
  calm down .
