  buddy , you need to get your facts straight . 
  funny thing is that if you went out with a poster saying `` behead violent muslims '' , then you would risk being arrested and possibly jailed for inciting religious hatred . 
  how young are those younger people ? 
  if they 're little kids , then sure , why not . 
  ask them abut school and stuff . 
  if they 're teenagers ( especially if they are your students ) then they just want to get to know you . 
  it 's common and perfectly normal to chat with lecturers from university , i would imagine it 's the same with school children . 
  the question is , will romania be capable of guarding the border properly ? 
  ukrainians and russians will do their best to get in , while various thugs from all over europe will start moving stolen cars out of eu through there . 
  you see , the trick is that council housing and benefits are supposed to be a temporary thing until you find a better job and can afford to get your own place . 
  however , these people are not going to even try to find a job . 
  really , they 're thinking `` haha , stupid english people , giving money and houses for nothing '' and they will enjoy this as long as they possibly can . 
  then they might move to ireland or some other country with similar benefits . 
  there is a major lack of rye bread , though . 
  the one with sunflower seeds . 
  seriously , that one is amazing with a slice of edam cheese and a cup of green tea . 
  many things are better . 
  hell , even the bread from local polish shops is better . 
  well , technically they do n't fuck up the bread . 
  they make it how it 's supposed to be and how the recipe says . 
  the problem here is that the recipe is shit and the bread is just a plain and tasteless sponge . 
  now of course , this is not like in ukraine or anything , where all food tastes like an old shoe , but it definitely could be better . 
  if you grew up eating nothing else but british bread , then sure , you might think that it 's decent ( it is ) , but your opinion will change once you try out something better . 
  and to clarify , i 've been studying here for the past three years . 
  there was a lidl , two tescos , two icelands and a sainsbury 's within walking distance from my house ( that 's important because i did n't have a car ) and the only place which had some edible bread was sainsbury 's . 
  unfortunately , they would bake their bread only once in a few days , so more often than not their bread would be rock hard and one had to use a saw to cut it . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zb4j6.jpg ) the bakery section from a poor eastern european country and i swear by my balls , the choice there is 20 times larger than in any of those six shops in coventry . 
  in small and nice private bakeries , sure . 
  in lidl or tesco , not so much . 
   define good quality bread . 
  it 's mostly everything that 's not square and pre-sliced . 
  sure , you can find that here and there and there are some specialised shops which sell such things , but they 're still not that good and also finding them is a pain in the ass . 
  i looked long and hard , but failed to find proper smoked sausages that would n't taste like a chunk of lard . 
  english cuisine in general is quite awful . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to find good quality bread or good smoked meat in shops . 
  reminds me of that time when some terrorists somewhere in the middle east made a bomb with a clock and were driving to the target site . 
  the problem was that they forgot about the difference in time zones , so the bomb exploded in their car , one hour earlier . 
  it only killed the terrorists . 
  it 's not a christian nation , please kindly fuck off . 
   in 2005 france did n't have a non-white mainstream news presenter yet . 
  under pressure from chirac following the riots one was appointed . 
  so some guy was hired just because he 's black , and not because he 's a very good reporter ? 
  so a few guys got drunk and started acting stupid , lost all self-control . 
  newspaper is now mocking them . 
  i see no reason to be globally offended . 
  more importantly , i do n't see a reason to defend those few guys who ca n't drink properly . 
   the picture is racist against all black people who ever lived would you like to explain that ? 
  i do n't think he 's talking about all black people that ever lived ... 
  work permit will be a bitch to get . 
  the absolute minimum in any country is a permanent place of residence , so you 'll need to find that and pay for it . 
  considering that it will be close to a ski resort , it wo n't be cheap . 
  laws about getting a work permit vary from country to country . 
  and norrsken is right , you will definitely need to have an intermediate understanding of the local language . 
  all those things aside , austria was awesome when i was there . 
  a beautiful country and alps look great . 
  no , it 's mostly because you ca n't just go to another country and tell them to shut down one of their most important industries . 
  unidentified * floating * object . . ? 
  i like how they ignored half of europe ... 
   ... until my country is safe . 
  hah , as if anyone 's trying to attack it , 
  by crime rates , i would assume . 
  probably because it 's a step towards the whole medicine and pharmacy thing , girls seem to like that . 
  not the technical engineering , though . 
  i studied aircraft electronics . 
  the whole electronics & engineering faculty was only guys . 
  there were maybe 50 girls in total , with a few thousand guys . 
  reasonable argument with a hint of crazy conspiracist ? 
  awesome !, 
  anti-discrimination organisations . 
  it only covered france , but not very much . 
  denmark was mentioned only as `` oh by the way , this happened in denmark too , half of them are white . '', 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  not a very in-depth review . 
  those were stats for france and denmark , actually . 
  the part where half of burqa-wearing women where white converts was from denmark only , and there are n't many burqa-wearing women in denmark to begin with . 
  there is some remote relation ( both cases are related to islam ) , but that 's not enough . 
  we 're talking about salafis in germany only , not about the whole muslim population in europe . 
  we 're not talking about burqa-wearing female muslims in france either . 
  yes , they do have all the legal rights , but the right to demand the death of non-believers is n't one of them . 
  also , it 's quite obvious where this type of thinking usually comes from . 
  if it 's not , i can give you a hint : * it 's not a german tradition * . 
  the road in the video http://i.imgur.com/1mb7o.jpg, 
  that 's why they are not called immigrants . 
  they 're called ** 2 ^ nd generation ** immigrants . 
  one could use that article to support other evidence , but since there is n't any other evidence , this article on its own does n't really mean much . 
  also , what does this have to do with judaism ? 
  imagine if i asked for statistics on doughnut consumption in germany , but instead you gave me statistics on muffins in uk . 
  it 's not really the same thing , now is it ? 
  we ca n't just say `` oh , it 's pretty much the same '' if it 's clearly not , especially since it 's a fairly small group of people . 
  i asked for statistics on the origin of salafis in germany , you gave me statistics on burqa-wearing women in france . 
  that 's a completely different issue . 
  also , since burqa-wearing women make up such a tiny part of the muslim population , the number ca n't be used in any reasonable sense . 
  it 's just too small of a sample group . 
   when it comes to salafis , it 's far less likely their parents are muslim when compared to mainstream muslims . 
  can you back that up with statistics , or is it just your own guess ? 
  of course , their key argument is `` if you disagree then you must be a pedophile . '', 
  50 generation immigrant is not really an immigrant . 
  second generation one definitely is , since his/her parents immigrated not that long ago and s/he was raised according to their home country 's standards . 
  that 's where religion comes from , even though the child went to a normal school and had normal friends . 
  in every country the core consists of second or third generation immigrants .
