  and i hate them for that . 
  and i do n't want them in europe , because we can already see what happens when they get here . 
  by the way , islam is not a race . 
  hating a group of people for being of certain race is racism . 
  hating a group of people for their violence and stupidity is not racism . 
  hating muslims is not islamophobia , because islamophobia by definition is an irrational fear of something . 
  after all this shit that 's been going on during the last few years , hatred of islam is very rational . 
  to be fair , i 'm fine with immigrants coming to lithuania , no matter how much will come . 
  they will stay here just as long as they get enough money for a ticket to germany , sweden or the uk . 
  also , many muslims really are backwards and violent , you ca n't deny that . 
  also , do n't blame europe for their backwardness , they 're not here for a new life . 
  they bring all their mentality and traditions with them and then claim `` islamophobes ! '', 
  if someone tells them to shut up and become more european . 
  wait , i think i figured it out . 
  mantasm typed `` kiek lietuvoje kainuoja '' , but i typed `` kiek kainuoja '' , so the results were different . 
  entering the same text as he did gives the same results as he got . 
  we do n't really know where they 're coming from , as many of them do n't have any passports or anything . 
  others will claim that they 're running away from war , even if there was no war in the area where they lived . 
  most are coming here because europe will give them free accommodation , food and maybe even some free money . 
  they will send the money back home , where their relatives will live like kings . 
  huh , i get passport , weddings , building a house , driver 's licence . 
  yes , they were russian guys on holidays . 
  nothing unusual . 
   you ca n't save greece even if you want anyway i know . 
  it 's because greek government is a bunch of idiots . 
  i do n't know why you voted for them . 
  we do n't want to save greece . 
  the president and minister of finance both said that . 
  we 're doing this only because most of large eu members want this . 
  we 're not big enough to change their minds . 
  11 years ago ( when we joined eu ) we were in a very bad position financially , lithuania was a really poor country . 
  now it 's growing faster than anyone else in the continent . 
  meanwhile greece is going in the opposite direction , national debt is larger than anyone else 's and it probably will never be repaid . 
   it was irresponsible why ? 
  did lithuania take out billions of euros in loans and then waste them all ? 
   and voted yes great , thanks . 
  should i give you money for that ? 
  i do n't understand why you 're angry at me . 
  it 's your government that 's irresponsible , your government wastes money . 
  my government is actually quite good , that 's why lithuania is growing so quickly , even though it 's such a tiny and young country . 
  how did greece help lithuania get into eu ? 
  your government has wasted billions of euros and is now asking for more . 
  how is that related to lithuania being in eu ? 
  after the meeting in berlin she said `` we came to an agreement . 
  it will be very painful for greece and it will cost us all a lot . 
  this is all because of very irresponsible actions of the greek government . '', 
  where did he say it ? 
  there 's nothing in the news . 
  both our minister of finance and the president said that giving any money to greece under current circumstances would not be a smart move . 
  mostly because greece has no intentions of giving that money back , ever . 
  we `` do n't want '' grexit the same way as we do n't want our friend to go to jail . 
  however , this friend just keeps stealing millions and asking for more , so we do n't really have other options . 
  the baltics do want a grexit , though . 
  europeanized version looks better , i think . 
  i grew up with similar sights , so it feels familiar and friendly , all those narrow streets and little cafes . 
  those glass and steel skyscrapers just feel so boring , even if they 're very big . 
  you need to sort out your spelling , i have no idea what you said here . 
  you 're a racist for saying that an entire race of people ( eastern europe ) are all racists . 
  i know , right ? 
  this whole `` think of the children '' immigrant thing is great !, 
  on a more serious note , eu should implement the same policy as australia : send them back immediately , do n't let anyone in . 
  refugees can ask for help at embassies in foreign countries . 
  at the moment large numbers of those `` refugees '' are simply unemployed young people with no education , who are not running away from war , they 're simply looking for jobs . 
  we have quite a lot of these people from vietnam , they 're more than willing to work for half a minimum wage , overtime , illegally , no documents or anything . 
  they do n't bring any benefit to the country . 
  which is why i do n't see any issues with lithuania accepting a bunch of immigrants . 
  they wo n't stay here long . 
  on the upside , eu will pay something like 6000 euros for each immigrant , so we might build some social housing or something . 
  the immigrants will run away to sweden and the housing will be left for us . 
  nah , you 're kind of a dick , really . 
  also a racist . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/15/unsustainable-futures-greece-pensions-dilemma-explained-financial-crisis-default-eurozone ) is a nice article from last month explaining the issues with their pensions , and pointing out that their pensions are among the highest if compared to their national gdp . 
  these guys will leave as soon as they get enough money for a ticket to norway or the uk . 
  you are not actually cool , though . 
  they go to a safe country , but do n't stop there . 
  they continue moving towards a rich country with good social benefits and unemployment programs , which makes them economic migrants , not refugees . 
  low taxes , high military spending , high social payouts ( pensions and stuff ) , corruption , tax evasion to switzerland and elsewhere . 
  then they ran out of money and asked for more . 
  several times . 
  now everyone knows that they wo n't be able to pay back those loans , ever , but for some reason germany thinks that another credit should still be given . 
  i 'm not talking about a random greek office worker , i 'm talking about the country , which is run by officials who were elected by this office worker . 
  i 'm not saying that we will leave the eurozone because greece will get yet another credit . 
  i 'm saying that we will look angry and not talk to them if they get another credit . 
  we built our country almost from scratch in just 25 years , it was difficult for everyone but we somehow made it . 
  we took lots of credits from the eu , and they resulted in economic growth going through the roof . 
  that 's why at the moment our national debt ( per capita ) is like $ 5000 while that of greece is closer to $ 50,000 . 
  and then they 're rolling in foreign money and demanding even more , because their lavish lifestyle is all they know . 
  as i 've said , their pensions are higher than pretty much anywhere else in europe . 
  it 's safe to say that they could cut those a little bit . 
  same with military spending , they did n't really need hundreds of used us battle tanks . 
   we should strive for a decent pension for people who worked a full career even if it means that the rest of the country will go bankrupt ? 
  reportedly , they have [ highest pensions in eu . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/16/eurozone-greece-pensions-idusl5n0z12ps20150616 ) looks like more than `` decent pension '' , considering that even significantly richer , more expensive countries do n't have such enormous pensions . 
  eh , we will do all that we can , because giving them more money will result in the same stupid spending which leads to bankruptcy . 
  just the other day there was a post about pensions , the average in greece is over a thousand euros . 
  not the maximum . 
  that 's a lot for a country that 's literally about to go bankrupt . 
   i think a basic form of decency is whether pensions are at least above the relative poverty line of a country . 
  now , i ca n't find statistics on how many pensioners are living below the poverty line in lithuania , but i 've read numbers of up to 40 % for greek pensioners . 
  looking at the cia world factbook statistics , i see 20 % of the greeks ( country 103 in the list ) are below the poverty line , and 4 % of the lithuanians ( country 159 in list ) .
