  even better , what if those payments would be deducted from your wage automatically every month ? 
   and so on . 
  ... like fire services , police , public roads , trash removal , working traffic lights ? 
  would you stop using them if you were allowed to stop paying taxes ? 
  that 's not what i asked . 
  please answer my question . 
  do you want to use those services ? 
  i still do n't understand what you 're trying to prove here ? 
  society has agreed to pay taxes to support all sorts of social things , which i listed earlier . 
  if you do n't want to pay taxes , then i assume that you do n't want to use any of those things ? 
  nah , those taxes are like 30 euros per month . 
  that 's 15k euros over your working life ( 40 years or so ) , which is really not a lot . 
  it 's similar here . 
  ca n't smoke in the car with minors or pregnant women , ca n't smoke in any public buildings ( restaurants , bars , etc. 
  ) , smoking was banned in a few city parks recently . 
  all advertising is banned . 
  freebies when buying cigarettes are banned , back in the day you could get an ash tray , a travel mug , a lighter , an umbrella or something like that if you bought a 10-pack block of cigarettes . 
  now the government 's been talking about banning smoking in balconies of apartment buildings , because smoke goes into other apartments . 
  we have graphic images on packages , the taxes are being increased every few months , social ads against smoking are fairly common , etc. 
  i do n't know , maybe it varies from country to country . 
  in lithuania we never say anything about that . 
  it 's the norm to never hand the tip directly to the waiter . 
  even at the bar , when ordering drinks , you can give tips to the bartender , but not directly to him . 
  there 's always a tip jar or something , you put the tip in there . 
  it is , but handing it to them directly is the awkward bit . 
  i never ever do that , i always leave it on the table and then walk out . 
  everyone i know does the same . 
  the waiter will come back to the table to clean it once they see you leave , that 's when they 'll pick up the tip . 
  we get that occasionally , yes . 
  it is fairly rare . 
  we do get coverage of mass protests and such , though . 
  tip is not included in the bill in lots of places . 
  just do n't hand the money directly to the waiter . 
  usually you pay for your meal , waiter brings back your receipt and walks away . 
  that 's when you leave the tip on the table and leave the restaurant . 
  a minor side effect is that you wo n't get pension when you retire , because social care covers both medical expenses and retirement fund . 
  but you eat frogs , soo ... 
   so if i exclusively go to private doctors , i am free to not pay my health tax and nobody will try and take my money away , right ? 
  yes , that is correct . 
  lots of people do that because they do n't want to go to public hospitals with all the peasants . 
  you are free to purchase insurance . 
  not really , no . 
  there are countless stories about people getting sick and then going bankrupt because they could n't afford insurance and ca n't afford treatment . 
  i did n't know which spelling to use , estonian , english or lithuanian , so i picked something in the middle . 
  nobody is taking your property , that would be robbery . 
  you 're paying for services which you receive . 
  do n't pretend like someone just came over and emptied your bank account just for the hell of it . 
   yes . 
  people who want to keep having a hospital will either pay more or move to a community where maintaining a hospital is feasible . 
  ... what ? 
  that 's stupid and it would never work . 
  it would end up being like the medical system in the us , where you have to pay thousands to get a couple stitches if you cut your hand . 
  you said  they may be lucky enough to find charitable people who are willing to pay on their behalf . 
  so what happens if they 're not lucky ? 
  does the whole town just lose that hospital , because not enough people are willing to pay for it ? 
  well , when you put it that way ... 
  but yes , using something without paying is theft . 
  how do we deal with thieves ? 
  by taking away their freedom of movement . 
  can you really imagine a world where people will choose to pay , when they can simply not pay with no side effects and no loss of services ? 
  it 's not `` closest ideal '' , it 's utopia . 
  it 's unrealistic . 
  you 're given a free bed , food and placed in a building with other tax evaders , who will share their tips and tricks to avoid being caught again in the future . 
  so , what about your closest ideal ? 
  who will pay for it if you 're not paying any taxes ? 
   so what happens when you do n't pay your taxes ? 
  you 're asked to pay them , because you 're using services which are paid for with tax money . 
  or you can stop using services , in which case you wo n't have to pay anything . 
  as for your closest ideal , is this mostly correct ? 
  `` in libertarian political philosophy , a night-watchman state is a model of a state whose only functions are to provide its citizens with the military , the police , and courts , thus protecting them from aggression , theft , breach of contract , and fraud and enforcing property laws . '', 
  all those services cost money . 
  where can the government get money to pay for them ? 
  where else , if not from taxes ? 
  uh , nobody is using force ... also , you did n't answer my first question . 
  or are you advocating for a society with no institutions and no government , where everyone just lives happily for themselves ? 
   do you put salt on watermelon ? 
  what the fuck, 
  depends on the city . 
  in vilnius there 's plenty to choose from , lots of vegetarian and vegan places everywhere , even a couple raw food restaurants . 
  in smaller towns , not so much . 
  hipster culture is n't popular there . 
  i can think of only two . 
  for some reason they 're seen as really chill people , i think some politician said something like that years ago and it caught on . 
  slow like an estonian is another one , everything from there is seen as super-slow . 
  like , remember that scene from matrix movie , where neo is shot at by the agents and the bullets slow down and stop in the air ? 
  he picks one , looks at it and it 's written `` made in estonia '' on the bullet . 
  two guys enter an elevator in talin . 
  one asks `` which floor are you going to ? '', 
  `` twelfth . '', 
  `` oh cool , me too . 
  would you like a blanket ? '', 
  say `` i do n't like him , let 's talk about something else . '', 
  i 'm sure people will understand . 
  which government would be willing to work for free ? 
  i ca n't think of any . 
  without government you do n't get any laws . 
  even private schools are regulated . 
   what if i voted for no taxes . 
  so you 'd vote for no schools , no hospitals , no roads , no street lights , no police , no firefighters , no laws ? 
  is that the world you want to live in ?
