  absolute majority of cars being bought here have been imported from somewhere in the west . 
   i doubt trump will support terrorists . 
  his views towards putin are very positive . 
  as someone who shares a border with russia , i 'm not too happy about this . 
  oh yes , it 's massive . 
  cars from germany , france and benelux countries are the most popular . 
  brand new cars are getting more popular , though , as average income is rising and it 's not difficult to lease a car anymore . 
   vihta/vasta : hey , we have that one too !, 
  it 's called `` vanta '' in lithuanian . 
  it 's not an official or relevant thing . 
  the credit rating agency simply shows where i am in relation to other people of similar age . 
  it has no influence if i ask for a loan . 
  currently my rating is 1.54 % , which is the probability that i will be late on my payments by 90 days or more . 
  so far i 've never been late by even a day , so this percentage is dropping every month . 
  not very . 
  i mostly use it just for uber , because they do n't accept debit cards . 
  i 've bought some cars with cash , others with a small loan . 
  i also have a loan for a large piece of land . 
  my credit rating is above average for my age group . 
  for everything else ( shopping , ebay , car sharing , etc. ), 
  i use my debit card . 
  for the record , i 'm 27 . 
  he was born and grew up in the soviet union , worked in the government back then and now he often praises those `` glorious days '' . 
  reportedly , he would like to get those days back , which is probably the cause of all this recent aggression . 
  hah , trump is way worse . 
  he 's closer to kim jong un . 
  oh , and he likes putin . 
  think about it , do you want a commie supporter as your president ? 
  i use my bus . 
  ehh ... public transport between cities is mostly great , nice and spacious trains , nice buses . 
  transport within cities is mostly outdated . 
  vilnius has lots of new buses , a mobile app for tickets and really many routes all over the place , so it 's quite nice . 
  google maps has integrated city bus timetables so you 'll easily get around even if you 're a foreigner . 
  the biggest problems are crowding during peak hours and also hobos who smell bad . 
  in other cities ( especially smaller ones ) the buses are old and you still need to buy a paper ticket when you get on-board , cash only . 
  being a witch is an official occupation . 
  you 'll find it in a list when doing your taxes , and all that . 
  it 's kind of like germany , but with nicer mountains ? 
  i do n't even know how many times someone asked where i 'm from , i told them and they said `` oh yes , lithuania , what a beautiful country !, 
  i went there last summer , it was amazing !, 
  riga is such a wonderful city ! '', 
  i studied in the uk and in three years i met just one girl who actually knew where the baltic states are and what are our capitals . 
  but then again , she also knew what 's the capital of tonga , so it was a bit of an exception . 
  i got a job there one summer ( simple factory work ) , the manager asked me where i 'm from , said `` oh great , we have another lithuanian here , he 'll show you how everything 's done here . '', 
  so the manager walked me to him , told him that i 'm the new guy and left . 
  now this guy said something to me , i did n't get it , so he asked where i 'm from , for clarification . 
  i said lithuania . 
  he facepalmed and said that he 's from latvia . 
  i assumed that this was not the first time for him either . 
  luckily he spoke fluent english , so it was not a huge problem . 
  we are not part of russia . 
  our capital is not riga . 
  you 're right . 
  this tomaszewski is a dick , he constantly praises russia , he said multiple times on live broadcasts that crimea belongs to russia , he 's appeared in public events with [ ribbon of st. george , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bcuuuhz.jpg ) which is a symbol of russia and russian occupation of ukraine . 
  he 's not just feeling some positive sentiments towards russia , he 's totally and fully supporting them in every way . 
  we do n't like russia , so it 's only natural that we do n't really like him either . 
  he 's a dick in many other ways too , it 's not just the russian thing . 
  that 's ... a lot of sugar . 
  do you also put simple and plain sugar on bread ? 
  we put it on [ cakes . 
  that first one , are those just sprinkles ? 
  something that you 'd put on a birthday cake ? 
  yup , all of these except for kama and that mustart are very popular in lithuania . 
  curd snack selection is [ huge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t1b258n.jpg ) , easily a hundred different flavours . 
  20km to belarus , which is external eu and schengen border . 
  we do n't go there , it smells funny . 
   why would you not want to drive through moscow ? 
  why is it scary ? 
  horror stories about russian cops who love bribes and do n't love lithuanians . 
  also , it 's a 3000 km trip , mostly through russia . 
  that route is more of a backup plan . 
  it 's rather the opposite . 
  nature in those countries is amazing , just do n't go there in autumn or early spring , when it 's all grey . 
  belarus is a bit boring but slovakia is beautiful . 
  mountains , caves , little villages , etc. 
  i 've been to ukraine a few years ago and i 'm thinking about going to belarus ( to minsk ) some time soon , because it 's really close . 
  a few friends have been there , they said that minsk is a nice city and it 's insanely cheap , same as ukraine . 
  we have plans to go to georgia next year , with a van and a group of friends . 
  two possible routes , it 's either driving through russia ( via moscow , a bit scary ) , or driving through poland and ukraine to odessa and then taking a ferry to georgia , which would be the safer option . 
  this route would be shorter by 1500 km ( but then a whole day on the ferry ) but it would be more expensive , because a ticket for a van with many people will cost a lot . 
  yes . 
  there are some russian immigrants too . 
  what annoys me the most are those people who 've been living in lithuania for 30 + years and still ca n't speak lithuanian . 
  i have a few neighbours like that . 
  they tell me something in some fucked up mix of polish and russian , i do n't understand it and they get all pissy because obviously i 'm the jerk who refuses to learn their language . 
  they 're not some homeless people or something , they 're adults with children , jobs and all that . 
  went to the uk many many times , studied there , etc. 
  and never had any problems whatsoever . 
  i do n't recall anyone ever asking what 's the purpose of my visit . 
  i always used the regular line as i got my first biometric id just half a year ago . 
  it 's a bit weird when i read about the us border control , with their probes and people being kept in interrogation rooms for many hours . 
  looks a lot like [ karolini\u0161k\u0117s ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gosbiku.jpg ) district in vilnius . 
  not a very pleasant place , although over here we do n't really have any immigrants . 
  polish ones tend to stay on the outskirts of the city . 
  [ this stupid old building . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1wzhicw.jpg ) it used to be a road police office . 
  police moved to a brand new building and this one has been abandoned for a while . 
  german company lidl bought it with plans to demolish it and build a new massive business center . 
  huge investment , lots of work places , a welcome change to this part of vilnius . 
  however , retarded architects in the government decided that it 's a cultural treasure because this building got some stupid lenin award a few decades ago for outstanding architecture , back when we were still in the soviet union .
