   accents are quite different . 
  west london accent is quite different from south london accent . 
  if accent is one of the larger differences between states which are thousands of miles apart , then those states are not all that different . 
  that 's the only universe where estonia can into nordics . 
  states in the us are indeed quite similar . 
  meanwhile , nations in eu are very different . 
  others have already pointed out the differences . 
  it 's actually in caucasus region , which is neither there nor here . 
  the people lean more towards europe , though . 
  they 're mostly christian , they have european values and in general the country looks like eastern europe in 1993 . 
  tbilisi was awesome , mountains were absolutely amazing . 
  dude , wrong continent . 
  this sub is about europe . 
  georgia really is not well maintained in general . 
  it 's like everything there is very old , even buildings which have n't even been finished yet . 
  paint peeling , bricks crumbling , etc. 
  georgian work culture is very laid back , they do n't give a fuck as long as they do the absolute minimum . 
  one taxi driver complained about racism there , because chinese immigrants get paid twice as much as locals when working in construction . 
  after visiting the place i understand why . 
  i went to georgia recently to visit some friends . 
  apparently russians are the most common tourists there and the main source of foreign income . 
  monaco is only for rich russians . 
  georgia is very close geographically , it 's cheap and russians do n't need visas . 
  perfect for those with not much money , but with a huge desire to get drunk and fight . 
  what the hell is that frisco thing ? 
  looking at pics of it , i think i may have seen it somewhere , but i never saw anyone drink it or buy it anywhere in lithuania . 
  it 's not a lithuanian drink either , it belongs to coca cola . 
  ashens usually does n't really help their business with his reviews . 
  they usually add that they singlehandedly defeated both nazis and soviets . 
  you know , that whole `` back to back world war champs '' and stuff . 
  that 's why i initially said that you guys ca n't afford it . 
  but she is 74 years old . 
  maggie de block ( belgian health minister ) is whole 20 years younger , and three times heavier . 
  there are other airports besides newark . 
  round trip from new york to paris is like $ 400 . 
  all you need is time . 
   they 'd be moronic to do otherwise . 
  ` murica , am i right ? 
  it 'd be moronic to rely on tips to survive , yet here you have it . 
  i wonder which place has more people , alabama or nyc ... 
  please check how that index is calculated . 
  it 's all based on cost of living in nyc . 
  only five countries have average cost of living higher than that . 
  two of them are popular holiday destinations for rich people . 
  us is so low on the table because that 's the average cost across the whole country . 
  naturally , some rural shithole in alabama wo n't be expensive , so it lowers the total score of the country . 
   the median income for the us is higher because cost of living is significantly higher . 
  i mean , you can go bankrupt if you get sick , how insane is that . 
  what that guy said is that shitty jobs in europe pay a living wage , while in the us they legally pay below minimum wage , and below what eu countries pay . 
  factor in the cost of healthcare , tuition and rent and suddenly us minimum wage workers seem pretty poor . 
  servers get paid * below * legal minimum wage , because they 're expected to make up the difference with tips . 
  what do you think about that ? 
  they actually require tips to make minimum wage . 
  in europe tipping is just that , a sign of gratitude for exceptional service . 
  we do n't pay wage to our servers , the businesses do . 
  huh ? 
  you know what i mean . 
   tips are n't mandatory for pizza delivery . 
  oh like hell they are n't . 
  check out / r/talesfromthepizzaguy or / r/talesfromyourserver . 
  people wish you were dead if you leave a poor tip , because they need it to survive . 
  meanwhile , in europe you leave a tip if service was really good , but it 's perfectly fine if you do n't . 
  servers get paid normal living wage and they wo n't have trouble paying rent because someone did n't tip them . 
   would i like more time off , obviously . 
  but would i take a pay cut for those days off ? 
  fuck no . 
  i personally get one month of holidays , with full pay . 
  i actually get more than my monthly wage because the holiday pay is calculated as the average over the last three months , so all our random bonuses add in . 
  sick days are n't really limited , i get almost full wage for the first few days and then reduced for any further . 
  that should n't be hard , since they are covering all our defence costs . 
  you could send them a kinder surprise , i 've heard they do n't get those . 
  but you might be added to a list of terrorists . 
  but they do n't get paid holidays . 
  i do n't think they can afford it . 
  that 's why they only appear at night , when drunk people are peeing everywhere . 
  it 's a nice solution to a real problem . 
  how long until they 're all arrested for treason ? 
  sure , especially those problems where russia attacks neighbouring countries . 
  woo , lithuania the best in eu . 
  i took uber home recently and my driver was armenian , been living in lithuania for some 15 years . 
  we started talking about various stuff . 
  he blames most of the world 's problems on the us . 
  even abkhazia and south ossetia are all fucked up now because of the americans . 
  i did n't really get it , but i guess decades of propaganda did the job . 
  i spent some time in gdansk/gdynia/sopot area , it was really nice . 
  it 's a popular holiday destination among lithuanians because we 're bored of our own seaside and neringa ( the thin sand strip , just like the one in op 's post ) is crazy expensive . 
  gdansk has all the same good stuff for half the price , and also fewer russian tourists . 
  i 'm not saying that it was bad , i just think that the local government missed a great opportunity . 
  it looked just like any other little town , with just one short street dedicated to tourist stuff . 
  and you ca n't even swim in the sea , there are warnings and fences everywhere because ships pass by that place . 
  been there last year , the town at the end of this sand strip is called hel . 
  it was boring . 
  lithuanian version of it ( just a couple hundred km away ) is much nicer , better infrastructure for tourists and relaxation . 
  paris agreement ? 
  we 've got way too much potato . 
  not realistic . 
  yes , there are all sorts of motorboats , yachts , rowing boats , paddle boats , paddle boards , canoes , etc. 
  you can rent a boat or a [ paddle boat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qc4ptbg.jpg ) there , they 're cheap . 
  grab a few kibins beforehand , a bottle or two of beer and you 've got a couple lovely hours planned . 
  hah , definitely not .
