  the average wage in turkey is what , around 500 euros ? 
  it 's more than 2000 in the netherlands . 
  since we 're talking about georgia , does anyone know if eu id card is enough when going there ? 
  or do i need a passport ? 
  edit : i just checked with the embassy , id card is enough for all eu citizens . 
  visa is needed only if you plan on staying for more than one year . 
  it 's large but poor . 
  hah , i 'm eating pizza with a pineapple right now . 
  good thing i 'm not in iceland . 
  by the way , [ you can make it too ] ( http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2013/01/foolproof-pan-pizza-recipe.html ) , it 's a very simple recipe , no weird ingredients and the pizza is delicious . 
  they were . 
  i 'm from the weird part of europe and even we had movies , comic books , etc. 
  nutella even did a promotion , where their jars were actually drinking glasses with characters from the show . 
  i had many but most of them broke over the years , only [ the village bard ] ( http://i.imgur.com/luoeun1.jpg ) remains . 
  lithuania here , we took in ukrainian refugees too . 
  we are all fairly similar culturally , shared history and all that . 
  i really would prefer ukrainian refugees to somalian ones . 
  we 've built a lot of stuff since 2004 . 
  we 'll survive . 
   they could introduce progressive taxes the government in lithuania talked about that very recently . 
  the idea is that if people earn more , then they pay more . 
  and then somehow everyone collectively forgot that it already works like that . 
  we pay a percentage of our income as tax . 
  we do n't pay a fixed amount . 
  if i earn 1000 euros , then i automatically pay twice as much as someone who earns 500 euros . 
  leaving the eu would be definite , total , complete suicide for us . 
  eu is the best thing that happened to us since the fall of the soviet union . 
  it allowed us to grow very fast . 
  lots of new markets opened . 
  eu funding for infrastructure has resulted in an insane amount of modernization across the whole country . 
  great roads , tidy towns , lots of businesses and farms , lots of work places , etc. 
  without eu we 'd be like belarus now . 
  we 're actually doing quite good . 
  we have sanctions too . 
  they hurt us at first , but now new markets are being discovered by manufacturers so it 's no longer an issue . 
  also , russia sucks anyway , so having fewer things to do with them is good . 
  the plan was to hire something like 6000 permanent workers . 
  also , lots of people in the area will benefit because factory will need supplies and the workers will need places where they can spend their money . 
  that 's now the lithuanian coat of arms . 
  lithuanian flag history is very long and complicated . 
  [ the rider ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mwlcf5b.png ) was rejected because of the background colour 's connections to the revolution , the soviets and all that . 
  the current yellow-green-red flag was chosen in 1918 , which is when lithuania declared independence from the russian empire . 
  it 's called the national flag . 
  initial idea contained just green and red , as those are the dominating colours in lithuanian folklore clothing . 
  yellow was added to make the flag brighter , more positive . 
  the russians banned it in 1940 so any talks about its design were n't allowed . 
  it stayed hidden in people 's homes as a symbol of resistance . 
  it returned in 1988 as an important historical artifact , symbol of independence and all that . 
  changing it would be kind of not cool . 
  the rider is called `` the historical flag '' and it 's still used in some places , like the president 's flag . 
  wandering around in weird locations is my favorite sport !, 
   even if it was obvious that i was walking towards a dead end somewhere , i still walked there because often there was something really cool at the end of that path . 
  i once went for a walk around the island ( northern , eastern , southern corners ) without a map . 
  found some really cozy and nice places without any tourists . 
  clothes drying on a line , some store selling kitchen appliances , an old warehouse full of some chairs or something . 
  found three football fields , which is a bit crazy considering how expensive land is in venice . 
  found lots of abandoned places too , walked on the outside of [ the wall ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@45.4381944,12.3538056,3a,75y,193.79h,91.8t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-g7aadihxeta%2fuzfbgalsmii%2faaaaaaaajd4%2fx6crf2r40xoyllzwxqcnjyun-g6v0q7iqcjkc!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh4.googleusercontent.com%2f-g7aadihxeta%2fuzfbgalsmii%2faaaaaaaajd4%2fx6crf2r40xoyllzwxqcnjyun-g6v0q7iqcjkc%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi0-ya284.9421-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i3584!8i1792 ) which houses the garbage and which is actually the outer wall of a military port . 
  overall it 's quite an interesting city . 
  i even saw an ambulance speed through the canal once . 
  it 's not the post alone , i 'm guessing that he was an advocate of separation from russia too , and `` inciting violence against mother russia '' is very illegal . 
  sorry , i forgot the / s. 
  we do n't know yet . 
  he was from pakistan but that could mean anything , obviously . 
  2 % of pakistanis are hindus , so we can roll with that for now . 
  the building is a shared property , it belongs to all the apartment owners . 
  we do n't have janitors , we do all the cleaning ourselves . 
  one guy from the us stayed at my place in lithuania with couchsurfing . 
  i live in an apartment , built at the end of ussr . 
  we met up with some other people , other couchsurfers and hosts who all live in older apartments too . 
  this american guy was really surprised that the buildings look horrible on the outside and common areas ( staircases ) look bad too , yet all the apartments are nice , spacious and modern . 
  the reason is that most people will gladly get a loan and fix up their personal space , but why would anyone want to waste money on the stairs , which will be used by other people too ? 
   it ends with equality between the third world and the first the problem here is that people from both sides do n't want equality . 
  our culture and religion is n't all that different from most of europe , i think . 
  you guys might be different , i do n't know . 
  one of those migs crashed recently too , on the same ship . 
   it 's called negotiation . 
  yes , it is . 
  in this case the main negotiation points are freedom of movement and access to the market . 
  want access ? 
  main condition for that is freedom of movement . 
  otherwise you 're on your own , have fun trying to negotiate from zero with every single country . 
  have fun trying to negotiate with france and germany after you tell them to fuck off . 
  keeping access to the single market is not an option without freedom of movement . 
  leavers want to restrict movement . 
  that 's fine , really . 
  eu will simply restrict uk 's access to the single market . 
   finnish and estonian language are related uralic languages , another one in the group is hungarian . 
  does n't make sense geographically . 
  what do you mean ? 
  but what about the country ? 
  then what are you ? 
  two baltic languages , three [ baltic states . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_states ), 
  yes . 
  estonia always wanted to be one of the scandinavian countries , their language is n't similar to lithuanian/latvian , their lifestyle is different , etc. 
  so it 's a running joke everywhere . 
  also , in polandball non-english countries ca n't speak english very well . 
  you 're baltic too , get back down here . 
  [ some countries ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vwyr0v4.png ) missing from your list . 
  it 's not as different within london but try going further up north ( [ like liverpool ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csq6_vbhu4q ) ) and it 's like a whole different language .
