  american internet ( broadband ) also costs significantly more and is much slower than in europe . 
  they win on petrol prices , though . 
  it does n't matter what level it is , you wo n't find young good people if work experience is a must for you . 
   most have hardly any of the experience there are plenty of good out of work people , but they 're out of work because they have just recently finished university and ca n't find a job because all the employers are just like you , requiring 5 years of experience in * exactly * the type of job the company does , for an entry level job . 
  i was able to unlock blade myself after i got it from orange . 
  due to its popularity there were quite a few guides online on how to do it . 
  the one i have in mind is not released yet , it 's the ascend g330 . 
  it should n't cost more than # 150 . 
  if i had to buy one now , i would n't buy blade again . 
  it 's working and it 's enough for everything i need , but it is operating on its limits . 
  i would probably go with something like huawei ascend g300 . 
  also , you can add a few more pounds and buy that newer model ( forgot how it 's called ) which has a dual-core processor . 
  it is , but it 's virtually the same , except that it 's not as popular . 
  many people switched to other brands , as several other manufacturers from eastern asia started making android devices of fairly good quality , but still half as cheap as equivalents from samsung or htc . 
  also , blade was the first android for many users ( it was a bit of an impulse buy for me too , as it was really cheap ) . 
  quite a few of them decided to improve their android experience and went with higher-end models . 
  as a result , blade ii is not as popular as the first one . 
  it 's still a decent phone for the price , though . 
  it already is a thing . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  i personally use sygic navigation for offline maps , it 's quite good . 
  does it require constant data connection to operate ? 
  wait , what 's so special about nokia maps ? 
  it has google maps as well as a whole bunch of offline navigations to choose from . 
  rpi can easily stream 1080p video , as far as i know . 
  also , there are quite a few android-based tvs on the market , all of which have better specs and options than apple 's version . 
  the last one i looked at can even pretend to be an apple tv if there is a need , which means that you can connect to it with both android and ios devices . 
  you ca n't do that with itv . 
  better get a raspberry pi for $ 35 and do the same . 
  or an android thingie ( plugs right into your tv ) for [ not much more ] ( http://www.theverge.com/2012/5/18/3028202/mk802-android-usb-hdmi-stick ) . 
  all apple products ( without a single exception ) are seriously overpriced and there 's always a cheaper alternative somewhere . 
  zte blade ( known as orange san francisco in uk ) is actually much better , much more powerful and has a beautiful screen , but costs pretty much the same . 
  oh , it also runs android and there 's quite a big fan base behind this model , as it 's really pretty good and cheap . 
  both of them are arranged , in one of them the two people have no option other than `` yes '' . 
  there are thousands of forced marriages every year in uk alone , so it 's not a small issue either . 
  usually , but not often . 
  there is a reason why european countries one after another are introducing or thinking about introducing laws against forced marriages . 
  as it happens , forced marriages are always arranged . 
  ok then , i have a question : punishment for blasphemy in eu and us . 
  yes or no ? 
  if yes , then what sort of punishment and when ? 
  not an option , because they will figuratively burn your own life down . 
  so what , it 's all my fault for hating gypsies , which is also the reason why they sell drugs ? 
  sure , blame those who have their shit together ( to some extent ) . 
  it 's obviously not gypsies ' fault in any way , they 're just a bunch of poor oppressed kittens . 
  8,7 eur per day is around the minimum wage in many eastern european countries . 
  sometimes it 's even smaller . 
   well for one , there is a lot of antagonizing of roma in western culture , even if i 'm sure most of it is n't intended or out of malice , it 's still there . 
  hatred is not there for no reason . 
  you think this camp in france was burned down just for fun ? 
  no , the hatred exists because roma people cause many problems ( crime rates go up , drugs everywhere , etc. ), 
  but thee gypsies themselves do n't give a fuck . 
  most of them do n't even have any sort of id , so they ca n't legally be brough to court for damages . 
  even if they get a letter ( which is unlikely because they do n't have a permanent place of residence ) or a verbal request to come to court , they simply pack up and move somewhere further away . 
  we had a few groups of such gypsies not far away from where i live . 
  they found a nice place near a big lake ( it 's a nature reserve , building anything is forbidden , so there were no houses close by ) , unpacked all their caravans and trucks and settled down for a couple months . 
  police kept coming daily and giving them tickets for parking too close to the lake and also littering , but hey , gypsies ignore the law on drugs . 
  surely they wo n't start following the law on littering . 
  same thing as always has happened : people who live not far away ( who come to the lake for some relaxation , fishing , etc. ), 
  got pissed enough and started breaking up the tents and stuff like that . 
  eventually gypsies packed up and moved out . 
  now they 're probably causing problems somewhere else , ruining another beautiful bit of protected nature . 
   there are a lot of decent roma people i know , and a lot of assholes as well . 
  i know a few people who could qualify as roma , but we do n't call them that . 
  roma are the ones who sell drugs and steal shit . 
  a person may look like roma ( skin color and all that ) but if that person has a job , obeys the laws and in general is a good person , then s/he is no longer roma . 
   there have been no cultural effort . 
  what sort of cultural effort are you suggesting ? 
   `` those people '' you say , as if they are some kind of unified hive-mind they technically are . 
  they have their own language , they have a much darker skin ( somewhat similar to the shade of indians ) so you can easily distinguish if one is a gypsy or not , and they tend to live in large groups in the same area . 
  no one can move in there if they are not a gypsy too . 
  of course , dark skin does n't mean that a person is definitely a gypsy . 
  however , lighter skin definitely means that the person is * not * a gypsy . 
   there needs to be a bigger attempt ( from both sides , mind you ) to reverse this . 
  that 's my point , one side here refuses to take any sort of action to solve this situation . 
  you should pop over to / r/islam some day . 
  also [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheistgems/comments/vumpp/a_huge_list_of_proof_that_the_muslim_extremists/ ) . 
  some of those links are now dead and others are questionable , but there 's still plenty of evidence about what those people really think . 
  government really did a lot to integrate gypsies , but all their attempts failed . 
  they tried to give them new apartments in different locations , closer to schools and jobs . 
  many were hired in the local factories and warehouses ( they ca n't do anything better because most of them have never went past 4th grade ) . 
  what happened is that gypsies realized that selling drugs is a lot easier and more profitable than working 40 hours per week for a minimum wage ( or just a little bit above that ) . 
  they quit their jobs ( or started stealing from there , to compensate ) and started making drugs in their new apartments . 
  police tried building a new office next to their camp in hopes of reducing the stream of drug addicts , but the office was burned to the ground the night after it was finished . 
  it seems like those people simply hate rules and nothing you do will make them become normal , law-obeying citizens . 
  it 's not pointless if it 's your tv being stolen at this very moment . 
  nah , it 's just a standard dictionary excuse for us non-muslims . 
  then they turn around and say `` yea , there should be a strict punishment for blasphemy , but only if it 's against our religion . '', 
  no one is trying to kill them . 
  people are just trying to force them to move somewhere else . 
  of course , the gypsies will just move to the next town and set up a new camp there , until eventually the locals will get pissed ( sudden and very noticeable increase in crime rates is not pleasant ) and kick them out again . 
  police usually does n't care and the government ca n't do anything because they instantly become nazis and racists if they try . 
  that happens every time someone from the government decides to do something . 
  the gypsy camp has been in the same spot for decades . 
  it 's also the main spot ( biggest in the country ) for drugs and stolen goods . 
  but hey , what can we do , gypsies are also people , right ? 
  well , what else can you do with people like them , who have no plans whatsoever to actually start working and who prefer illegal ( but much more profitable ) activities ? 
  another issue is that with the current wording all muslims would start shouting the usual excuse , `` that man/woman was n't a real muslim , this is not what islam is like , s/he 's just crazy . '', 
  they say it every time some suicide bomber blows up a school bus or something . 
  what the fuck ...
