   likewise men are statistically more likely to cause a driving accident , but it 's ( now ) illegal to take that into account for figuring out what to charge them . 
  yet it 's still sexism . 
  a penis fee , if you wish . 
  i 've been driving for many years and never caused an accident , yet i still have to pay more . 
  people will immigrate everywhere , where the pay is good . 
  you ca n't stop arabs and polish people , no matter what you do . 
  there 's a possibility that they will join with some special exceptions , such as limits on immigration and such . 
  i still do n't see why ebaumsworld makes any difference . 
  i saw those pictures long time ago , so now i just googled `` black albino people '' and this was the first result with all those pics in one place . 
   do you know which ethnicity i am before calling me that ? 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  they do n't have any diseases , they 're just albino , that 's it . 
  also , just because their skin texture is different does n't mean that they have a disease , you sick racist fuck . 
   [ jankystank  ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/14nqk7/black_rights_group_complains_about_miss_france/c7ey58e )  plus black women are just ugly in general . 
  the sad reality is that they actually are ugly , and this has nothing to do with their skin colour . 
  here are a few pictures of albino black people , they do n't look pretty . 
  not every person who disagrees with immigration and multiculturalism is a racist . 
  just keep that in mind . 
  so same as obama getting one ? 
  seriously , fuck balkans . 
  i think there 's a relation with age . 
  basically , old people ( whose only income are pensions ) do n't have much money , so they buy food that has the most calories . 
  as a result , they get fat . 
  since they 're old anyway , they do n't care too much about slimming down and that 's what you get . 
  uk is an exception , as it 's full of fast food that young people tend to eat . 
  that 's precisely what the japanese government is saying , while completely ignoring international whaling commission 's warnings . 
  she was a fairly normal girl most of the time . 
  even quite nice , dare i say . 
  you know , computer games , randomly humming the [ narwhals song ] ( http://www.weebls-stuff.com/songs/narwhals/ ) ( turn down your speakers before clicking ) , etc. 
  but then religion popped up and everything fell apart . 
  no , she just stopped talking to most of us . 
  at first a few people were making fun of her , but that novelty wore off quickly . 
  later several guys and girls really tried answering her questions about evolution , explaining the basic concepts and all that , but apparently `` that 's not what the bible says '' and `` you 're all just believing these scientists . 
  you know that science is not * everything * , right ? '', 
  so once this young american girl ( kind of an exchange student , but for a single project rather than actual lectures at a university ) mentioned that evolution is obviously bullshit and evolutionists ( heh ) are all crazy . 
  she did that in a fairly large group ( 25 people or so ) of zoologists , biologists , marine life researchers and other people like that . 
  needless to say , it did n't end well for her . 
  i do n't know what your religious beliefs are , but you better not bring up evolution being a false theory . 
  you will be mocked , ridiculed and laughed at . 
  same applies to most supernatural things , magic , wizards , etc. 
   the whale species being hunted are abundant enough to be hunted sustainably . 
  that 's exactly what everyone was saying about those rhinos . 
   what 's wrong with responsible whaling ? 
  well , it is somewhat similar to responsible hunting of western black rhinos . 
  and whaling , while we 're at it . 
  the government issued a permit for 50k people to march . 
  the actual number ( reported by organizers ) is around half of that . 
  yes , rub it in ... 
  so it adds fries and coke . 
  here it 's like one euro extra ... 
  i checked a few other videos and in all of them he seems to be a she . 
  is that acting ? 
  / r/firstworldproblems, 
  10.36 vs 6.32 euros for a fucking bigmac . 
  holy fuck . 
  i did ... 
  i doubt they would go far here . 
  i may be biased , but to me lithuanian people seem to be way more united than ukrainians . 
  lithuanian news site which sent two journalists to the syrian-turkish border . 
  they 're moving together with the migrants towards germany . 
  i can give you links if you want , but they 're in lithuanian . 
  by `` we '' i meant the whole europe . 
  reminds me of england . 
  we 've bombed half of those countries already . 
  it 's a bit too late to start being nice to them . 
  multiple refugees have already said that they have seen isis members in those crowds coming to germany . 
  oh , i 'm not saying that this is simple to solve . 
  it will be an absolute nightmare to solve . 
  what i 'm saying is that those eu countries are doing the smart thing in refusing to take in any refugees , or only accepting small numbers . 
  that 's what should 've been done in the very beginning : evaluate your abilities and make reasonable decisions , do n't ask everyone to just come . 
  germany is the one who caused this , yet now it 's blaming the rest of europe . 
  as if we do n't have enough problems already . 
   your country agreed to the right of asylum . 
  for refugees , not for economic migrants . 
  migrants can go and apply for a citizenship/work permit , same as anyone else . 
  it 's germany who wants that , not anyone else . 
  the whole immigrant deal was a massive fuck-up and it 's germany who did it . 
  why does everyone else have to clean that shit ? 
  why is everyone else threatened with destruction of their economies if they refuse to clean germany 's shit ? 
  the whole idea of `` let everyone come '' was idiotic . 
  germany is starting to understand that , which is why you started doing border control and stopped train services from austria and hungary . 
  lithuanian politicians have suggested a reasonable way to save the refugees without being flooded by economic migrants : set up refugee camps in their own respective countries , go there , give them applications , pick out people who are actually willing to integrate and work , bring them here . 
  but no , `` let everyone come '' is somehow better . 
  yes , this is very dank . 
  maybe one day you will learn how to comedy . 
  i live in an ex-soviet country . 
  i have n't killed anyone , but plenty of older people around me have , because they fought for their country against a much larger enemy . 
  i also got drafted into the military for 9 months of training but i probably wo n't have to go because they sent out way more letters than they have available places . 
  russia 's been quite aggressive lately , so we brought back mandatory military service . 
  that 's why seeing them all run away is kind of strange , after our own government is talking about defending the motherland , patriotism and stuff . 
  they did n't invest anything . 
  the problem is isis , right ? 
  well then get together and beat their asses , instead of running away . 
  something like 800k people are expected to arrive this year alone . 
  even if just one tenth of them were healthy young men , you 'd still have an army of 80,000 . 
  judging by the photos we see , way more than half are actually young guys . 
  plenty of manpower . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  they do n't give a damn about simply escaping war . 
  they 're just using their probably only chance to emigrate to a rich european country and then enjoy the benefits for the rest of their life .
