  if russia tries to occupy them and nato countries wo n't do anything , then the whole organisation will fall apart instantly . 
  probably that bit where russia is n't even considering occupying us . 
  none . 
  i do know quite a few lithuanian-speaking poles , though . 
  what 's your point ? 
   but they might start to think they 're being oppressed ca n't write a store sign in polish ? 
  yup , that 's about as bad as oppression can get . 
   in their home country they do n't call it their home country . 
  they also clearly do n't like it here . 
  you see , the law says that all public signs must be written in the official language . 
  official language is just one , lithuanian . 
  that is clearly written in the constitution . 
  changing it would require a national vote . 
  such voting can be initiated if a party collects 300 000 signatures of eligible voters . 
  they clearly wo n't get it , because we like our constitution the way it is . 
  if the polish people really feel oppressed here , then they can request a political asylum from poland . 
  i 'm sure they would have it granted , since not being able to write `` food '' in polish is a life-threatening situation . 
  you may ask , why would n't they get the 300 000 signatures , needed to start a voting ? 
  because they bitch and moan about lots of things , which in turn alienates them from us . 
  for example , their political representative insisted on making religion classes mandatory for all schools . 
  obviously not just religion in general , but catholic version of christianity . 
  that is not cool . 
  who are discriminated by it ? 
  all it asks is to write public stuff ( street names and such ) in the national language . 
  i really do n't see how is this discrimination of something . 
   that will somehow spell the demise of your language ? 
  will that spell of theirs ? 
  or maybe the other local polish people wo n't be able to find the grocery store , since the name is only in lithuanian ? 
  will they wander around aimlessly , starving and dying on the streets ? 
  all because there 's no polish sign for `` food '' ? 
  imagine if russians demanded to be able to write their names in passports in russian letters . 
  then the store signs , street names and so on . 
  it would be like 1864 all over again . 
  we already went through that , it sucked . 
  you 'd have to offer something really nice in return if you wanted us to do it all over again . 
  it 's not arbitrary discrimination , it 's the law . 
  do n't like the law ? 
  you can always propose a change . 
  they have a representative in the government . 
  the reality is fairly simple : we fought long and hard to save our language and our country . 
  lots of countries tried to occupy us and to erase the language . 
  it 's kind of natural that we do n't feel too happy about giving it all up just because someone wants to write `` sz '' instead of '' \u0161 '' . 
  some polish people are already claiming `` wilno nasze '' , which really does n't make us happy . 
   if you refuse to change them , and stick to `` do n't like it ? 
  gtfo '' seriously , i 'm yet to see a logical explanation as to why this is wrong . 
  eu is very open to all citizens . 
  you can move freely to whichever country you want . 
  there are no borders , no visas , no work permits . 
  if another country has something that you really want , then why should n't you move ? 
  dammit , there go my plans to make [ this thing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iyjw8qi.jpg ) relevant again . 
  yea , well , that 's just how the lithuanian laws are . 
  the law is the same for everyone . 
  do n't like it ? 
  you 're free to emigrate , schengen . 
  we do n't hate them , we only dislike a few guys from their government . 
  what we do hate are polish people in lithuania , as described by that other guy below . 
  they keep crying about being opresed and all that , when in reality their conditions are actually pretty good . 
  they even have polish schools here , funded by the government . 
  so yea , while we might dislike certain aspects of poland , i think that we could become good friends if we had to fight against russia . 
  those minor disagreements are really quite insignificant in the big picture . 
  can we join ? 
  latvia might tag along too , if that 's okay with you guys . 
  i do n't think he 's in university yet , he was quite a bit younger than me . 
  he was 12 years old when i graduated . 
   well fuck , that makes you royalty . 
  it was a very normal secondary school , public and free . 
  anyone could enter as long as they lived in the area . 
  it is n't even the posh part of the city . 
  just one side of the area was kind of nice , lots of hills and pine trees , so some rich people live there . 
   i doubt you could afford the same collage or masters program the presidents son undertook . 
  we do n't have american style colleges here . 
  here we go to school for 12 years and then it 's either university or a job and family . 
  university education is free for good students , so all you really need are good grades . 
  unless you want to study abroad . 
  although even then you can get it all for free . 
  some countries offer free uni education to all eu students , others give interest-free loans . 
  they actually do n't even ask for their money back if you do n't get a well-paying job . 
  that 's because no job means that their education was shitty and not worth paying for . 
   how come charities keep asking for money . 
  founder 's mortgage wo n't pay itself . 
  as for status quo , eh . 
  it might apply to us and their whole `` 1 % '' population , but i do n't really see it in europe . 
  public education is usually good enough for most children . 
  absolute majority of our politicians went to public schools . 
  i went to the same school as one president 's son . 
  citizens get elected too . 
  getting some funding is n't that difficult if you seem to be worthy . 
   ordinary citizens rarely have the chance to become politicians . 
  they always have . 
  there 's nothing stopping you from becoming a politician and joining a political party . 
  you can be an independent candidate in the presidential elections too , at least over here . 
  i know , i know . 
  i just could n't hold myself . 
  subinslieks is tapeworm , not just some common ground worm . 
  do you think that potato jokes are funny ? 
  probably not . 
  i 've never heard of this reason , to be fair . 
  it 's probably because \u017dirga galva sounds funny in lithuanian . 
  same as e\u017eiukas ( hedgehog ) being called adata galva ( needle head ) in latvian . 
  banginis ( a whale ) is supposedly called okeana burbuls ( ocean bubble ) .
