  we have lots of jokes about that , they 're amusing . 
  kind of . 
  at least i think so . 
  definitely better than potato jokes . 
  and then announce loudly to everyone that you should be thankful because he brought good music into your life . 
  yea , we dropped \u017eyrgo galva because it does n't really make sense . 
  you guys do n't look like horses at all . 
  know someone ? 
  you must be joking  there 's always someone either from immediate family or from close relatives . 
  in worst case it 's a good friend or a classmate . 
  lots of people go there to work in summer because your minimum wage is actually pretty high , especially if you live somewhere cheap , not in the middle of a major city . 
  belgium is calm , not quiet . 
  we even have a saying `` ramus kaip belgas '' , means `` calm as a belgian . '', 
  one of our ex-presidents started it . 
  then one thing led to another and his presidency ended after just one year . 
  who cares about the nukes , it 's not like russia will use them . 
  that would mean an all-out world war and it definitely would n't be easy for anyone . 
  russia might not be the smartest country on the planet , but it 's smart enough to realize what a single launched nuke would get them . 
  white obama looks like an older bieber . 
  armed forces are like a peacock 's tail . 
  you wave it around to show your superiority , but you do n't really use it to fight . 
  those sneaky bastards !, 
   but if you think a small wing can stop someone like russia you are kidding yourself . 
  it can . 
  a single aircraft being shot down is all you need . 
  an all-out war with hundreds of tanks and thousands of soldiers ( and bombers and fighter jets ) is definitely not going to happen , this is n't 1940 's anymore . 
  doubtful , those russians are not living in russia for a reason . 
  they may be loyal , it 's not unusual to hear how much better it was back in the soviet days . 
  however , they 're a tiny minority , less than 10 % in total . 
  the absolute majority remembers the horrors of the soviet union and would rather die than go back to those days . 
  nato jets and pilots are patrolling our airspace . 
  are n't they fascist letters , this being the latin alphabet ? 
  russia wo n't even consider using nukes , as the whole planet would be obliterated if they did that . 
  ww3 and all that . 
  also , we have nato , eu and us support . 
  because we gave them lithuanian passports . 
  their only other option was to go back to russia . 
  latvians did n't do that , neither did estonians , as far as i know . 
  every single country has those . 
  the important thing is how the rest of the country and the government reacts to their actions . 
  that 's just because we gave our russians a lithuanian citizenship . 
  latvians did n't do that , so they still have a bunch of people with russian passports . 
  yanukovich was n't pro-russian , was he ? 
  russian tanks are moving towards the city too , they were stationed not very far away . 
  russia obviously wants at least a part of ukraine , so that 's understandable . 
  looks like they would . 
  we had quite a few of those in lithuania too . 
  one rich guy collected all the soviet statues and opened a private park with all of them . 
  [ interesting place ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=gruto+parkas&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=zrwju7hul-hqygpt-ohyca&amp;ved=0cakq_auoaq&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=993 ) , to say the least . 
  and your point is ... ? 
  i agree , it is cooler . 
  however , i turned off my phone completely when i was in venice and just went in a random direction . 
  found many cool places there with not a single tourist around . 
  there 's not a single one in all of italy , as far as i know . 
  there definitely is n't one in venice . 
  that 's because italians do n't really like mass-produced , crappy coffee with way too much sugar and syrup . 
   but the price does n't inflate thousandfold because you have a foreign sim card . 
  no , the local carrier adds those fees . 
  they 'd rather charge you , a foreigner , than their own customers . 
  it 's a double win for them , they get to lower the prices for their loyal customers while still earning just as much money . 
  sms charges pay for your mobile reception . 
  is n't the provider blocking all internet connections at the root ? 
  all that equipment and radio towers are n't free , you know . 
  most macdonaldses are located in some sort of a house . 
  or you can get any one of dozens of offline map apps and not use google maps abroad . 
  alternatively , you can download a map from google maps . 
  that 's what i did when i went to venice , because the roaming charges would 've been insane . 
   there 's the 0 . facebook.com that is free in a lot of countries , you can visit it even if you have no credit at all . 
  ... what ? 
  how can i visit a web site if i have no credit left and consequently no internet connection ? 
  i remember microsoft 's appalling bing campaign on reddit , they paid a few people to come here and tell to bing this or that . 
  it was quite cringeworthy . 
  [ major misunderstanding !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmawidi4zgy ), 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  they will bribe the right people , newspapers will get bored of the story and that will be the end of it . 
   nk 's personality cult surpasses the ussr 's by a mile . 
  have you actually asked the common people ? 
  or do you get all your news from their `` official '' news ? 
  the ussr back then was just like north korea now . 
  maybe a little bit better , but just a little bit . 
  there are [ plenty more ] ( http://thekievtimes.ua/photo/317497-epic-fail-olimpiady-v-sochi-ili-povod-posmeyatsya.html ) and i 'm sure the number will just increase in the upcoming days , as more and more people arrive to sochi . 
  ah yes , now i remember it as if it happened yesterday . 
  but how does such damage occur ? 
  those balconies did n't just fall off by themselves for no reason . 
  that building in the last pic looked a bit too damaged to be fit for a restoration . 
  this is her protest against the police shooting at protesters . 
  she does n't fear for her own life , it 's just a statement . 
  therefore it does n't matter how she wears it , as long as it 's visible . 
  this is her protest against the police shooting at protesters . 
  she does n't fear for her own life , it 's just a statement . 
  therefore it does n't matter how she wears it , as long as it 's visible . 
  res does this [ automatically . 
  yea , they keep doing this all the time . 
  just recently they have lifted the ban of lithuanian dairy products . 
  dunno , are there any people fighting together with the cops ? 
  because from the videos it looked like there were just police forces vs. civilians . 
  that 's because they have good reputation . 
  meanwhile , we 're just dirty eastern europeans . 
   the people of ukraine do not form one `` nation '' .
