  comparing turkey with portugal does n't make much sense , as population of portugal is 10 millions , while turkey is well over 70 millions . 
  yes , it is somewhat similar to romania and bulgaria , but those guys now need work permits to get a job , so they 're not full members of eu . 
  i 'm still worried about what 's going to happen after a huge influx of foreigners with a completely different set of values . 
  i know that turkey is one of the most `` western '' muslim countries , but they 're still muslims . 
  if 10 millions of them relocate to some western-eu country and change the laws by voting ( democracy is democracy ) into something mad like in saudi arabia ( i.e. 
  mocking the prophet is punishable by death , or something like that as it 's still in their religion ) , then i will be quite disappointed . 
  also , i think it 's not unreasonable to say that such events could cause big riots . 
  turkey is the only one who wants this . 
  from everyone else 's point of view , approximately 20 % of turkey 's population is living below poverty line . 
  if the borders open , they will run elsewhere . 
  i do n't know if that 's good . 
   let 's say that en masse , gypsies said `` we want to settle down and normalise - we 're serious . 
  we want to live , stay put , work and be civil . '', 
  government still trusts them and keeps giving them housing and stuff . 
  they quickly turn it into slums , every time . 
  it would be very nice to see a cap on data charges . 
  last week i went to italy ( i 'm from uk ) and got a text saying that data is # 1.50 per megabyte , which is quite a lot . 
  i 'm using giffgaff . 
  needs more tire repairing garages . 
  and truck drivers . 
  oh god how many truck drivers there are . 
  it 's like everyone in poland is a truck driver . 
  like , assortment of porn magazines in gas stations near the main highways is insane . 
  hundreds , literally . 
  i 've been discovering the asian cinema for the past couple years , since my university started an east asian film society . 
  they have some really good shit . 
  [ love exposure ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1128075/ ) is really long ( shorter version is 4 hours , full is 6 ) , but it definitely is in the top10 best films of the decade . 
  it 's meant to be a joke ... 
  this calls me an uneducated bro , but i still love them . 
  latvians are nice . 
  i 'm lithuanian , but i can speak a little bit russian . 
  as a result , i understand some polish and slovakian too . 
  lithuania here ( north-eastern europe ) . 
  yes , we are very proud of our meat products , especially smoked meat . 
  i guess it 's a mix of high standards and quality requirements , relatively low animal growing costs ( when compared to farms in western europe ) and most importantly , competition . 
  now lithuania is a tiny country ( just a bit over 3 million citizens ) , but we have dozens of different meat producers all over the place , so the choice is good . 
  if quality of one thing would drop , then people would just switch to something else . 
  another thing is obviously the quantities . 
  many smaller farms is better than one massive farm/factory . 
  it puts some healthy competition in the equation and producers themselves have to start thinking about quality , not only quantity . 
  also , if one of them decided to go with cheap stuff instead of tasty , then it would lead to instant sales drop . 
  since the farm in question is small , sales drop would be very painful . 
  to avoid that , they keep the bar high up . 
  lately small farmers ' markets have started popping up in the major cities , selling their own products for prices similar to those in the shopping centers . 
  their quality is far superior to what factories produce , so big manufacturers have to try and keep up . 
  bread , honey , milk , eggs taste completely differently from those in supermarkets . 
  egg yolks from shops look grey , when compared to eggs from a local farmers ' market . 
  nothing out of the ordinary , homeless people tend to die every year . 
  they get drunk on cheap vodka , pass out on the snow and that 's what happens . 
  there are plenty of shelters for those who are not hopeless alcoholics . 
  media is making a lot of noise , but this is really not as bad as they say . 
  norway just does n't care . 
  uk here ( midlands ) . 
  it 's been snowing all day , went from none to ~ 6 inches of snow ( which is a lot in england ) . 
  people are freaking out because roads are blocked ( and will stay like that at least until monday ) and no one has ever heard of winter tires . 
  meh , nothing unusual for this time of the year . 
  it 's not even close to -30 c , like last year ... 
  midlands in uk . 
  -6 , but no snow . 
  it 's been below zero for about a week , but no snow . 
  rains a little bit during the day , that 's all . 
  in 2050 , maybe . 
  in a decade ? 
  not so much . 
  one of the reasons is their situation in regards to poverty levels and stuff . 
  i doubt any current eu country would gladly take a couple million starving people , all looking for jobs . 
  surprisingly , i 've heard this before . 
  if you do n't know almost anything , then you could start with wikipedia , i guess . 
  alternatively , check out your local library . 
  do n't care , although i might giggle a bit . 
  the ones who mock europe probably do n't even know where europe is . 
  that 's not politicians who propose such laws , it 's the film and music industry . 
  they 're losing money and very quickly becoming obsolete as internet is evolving , so they need new laws to stop this . 
  as a simple analogy , imagine if someone invented a machine that could replicate any object for close to nothing . 
  would factories ( read : music distribution agents ) still exist ? 
  most likely not . 
  would inventors ( read : artists ) exist ? 
  definitely , as people want new stuff . 
  but what 's the point in paying a lot of money for food if you can just buy a sample and keep on copying it ? 
  sure , lots of people in the industry will lose jobs , but think about it , is it really worth feeding all those people out of your pocket just because they are too lazy to find a new job ? 
  they are obsolete , there 's no point in throwing money at them trying to keep them afloat . 
  they literally are trying to pass a law against development . 
  kind of pointless , does n't really tell or explain anything . 
  i 've noticed that quite a lot of people go to teach english in china . 
  as they told me , they themselves only need to learn the very basics of chinese ( whichever dialect is the most popular in that area ) and that 's it . 
  i even know why they want to build this . 
  it 's because [ the ferry harbor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qkffm.jpg ) looks like a dick . 
  no one 's holding them here . 
  many of them go to russia or ukraine all the time to visit their relatives . 
  it really would n't be that difficult to get a citizenship there and just move . 
  sure , they would have to leave their jobs and friends , but hey , if they * really * want to use their language on a daly basis , then it 's not that difficult to decide what to do . 
  compromises have to be made : good life and foreign language or crap life and mother tongue . 
  an excuse `` oh , i learned russian first , so learning the local language is difficult '' is no excuse . 
  it 's the national language and majority of the country uses it . 
  it 's used by all institutions . 
  adding russian is just a lazy move . 
  imagine this : let 's say that saudi arabia occupied belgium ( this is just a hypothetical example ) and sent thousands of muslims there . 
  saudis lost the war , but lots of muslims stayed , continued to multiply and eventually proposed a law where blasphemy against islam is a criminal offence . 
  how do you think the local belgians would feel about that ? 
  sure , their religion is important to themselves , but the rest of the country just does n't care about it , as it brings absolutely no benefit to them whatsoever .
