  so what are we doing differently if we can get people out of poverty with significantly lower pensions and way smaller gdp ? 
  it 's not just lithuania , it 's half of eastern europe . 
  baltic bro 's agree on this . 
  germany can throw all their money at greece if they want to . 
  it 's a stupid decision because it 's quite obvious that the current government has no intention of ever repaying that debt . 
  did n't germany just finish paying war reparations to the uk ? 
  final payment was some three years ago , was n't it ? 
  your comment , i. . . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  you just babble something incoherently and no one can understand you . 
  yeaa ... lithuania wo n't support this in any way . 
  those greek pensions are bigger than our average wage . 
  such wasteful way of life can not be supported . 
  greece will get another pack of money ( i 've heard something about 50 billion euros ) and then continue living as if they earned it . 
  no , that one is actually his , it is n't transferred to the next president like the obama 's jet . 
  he does have a bunch of presidential vehicles too , obviously , but his own private ones are worth literally billions . 
  not really , but he is the leader of one of the major political parties in lithuania , who have members in the european parliament . 
  others have joined them today , saying that it will be sad to see greece willingly step towards irresponsible , inefficient , unsustainable way of life . 
  he does have yachts that cost more than his official yearly income . 
  nobody knows how much money he actually has . 
  it 's not unreasonable to think that he might actually be the richest guy in russia . 
  same in lithuania , both the president and the mayor of vilnius have already said that they do not support greece 's decision in any way . 
  open a map . 
  most of them are picked up and brought to lampedusa island . 
  try to guess where they might be coming from . 
  dude , i 'm just joking because our gdp is a few dollars higher than our neighbours ' . 
  life is actually pretty damn awesome here . 
  life in lithuania sucks , i 'm just sitting here surrounded by poor folks from all sides ... 
  russia often acts as if we 're still in their union . 
  the most recent event was when they asked lithuania to help find and prosecute those lithuanian citizens who refused to join the ussr military * after * lithuania declared independence . 
  that would be tricky . 
  they have thousands of soldiers there , it 's basically a giant military base . 
  also , they might start looking for a way to connect it to russia by land ... 
  3mb/month for free , then 50 cents per mb . 
  great . 
  who 's got the lowest taxes !? 
  we do !, 
  and somehow we 're not broke !, 
  but that 's the problem , greek government does n't want to have realistic goals and no plans to deal with the debt . 
  * what 's the point of bilingual comments , if you ca n't understand one of them anyway ? 
  english is the most common language in europe , pretty much everyone can speak it , more or less . 
  great . 
  and what are we going to do with millions of migrants who will follow ? 
  i could get married with this woman , but not this man . 
  this man is discriminated . 
  i would n't expect you to understand . 
  which is nice , is n't it ? 
  how many muslims in britain support them , though ? 
  i 'll tell you : 35 % of young muslims ( 18-29 years old ) in britain say that suicide bombing is fully justifiable . 
  the data is quite old ( 2007 ) but other papers indicate similar numbers . 
  [ source ] ( http://pewresearch.org/files/old-assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=60 ), 
  how many of those 25 million support the terrorist ones ? 
  also , was n't there an article from uk about hundreds of british citizens leaving the country to fight for isis ? 
  how many europeans have been beheaded by westboro baptists or buddhists in the recent years ? 
  \u0414\u0430 , gordon friman can be brave soldier who liberate the land of baltic from dirty nazi pig jew americans . 
  that work , yes ? 
  russian government has this . . 
  i do n't know , a law ? . . 
  that they can launch a nuclear strike first , if they see that some other country is threatening russia 's integrity or some shit . 
  also , lots of their politicians have given many hints about nuking us and the rest of europe , occupying the baltics and so on . 
  it feels like they actually would like to do it , but there still are a few sane people who realize that this would mean an end to russia . 
  valve is probably just waiting for new ideas . 
  there are two types of people : those who fucking hate gypsies and those who have never lived next to gypsies . 
  ah yes , sorry about that . 
  we 're not fucking around . 
  literally . 
  lithuania is quite okay with it , though . 
  all those refugees will run to uk or scandinavia as soon as they can , anyway . 
   their abolition will make the citizen pay between one and four cents more per item , forever . 
  how will we survive this !, 
  prices fluctuate by more than that all the time . 
  stop being such a wuss . 
  yea ... we still have n't forgotten those times when lithuanian press was actually banned in lithuania by the occupants . 
  people got killed for trying to smuggle lithuanian books into the country . 
  the ban was lifted in 1904 . 
  that 's what i would call `` forced '' . 
  what about the language that everyone is forced to use ? 
   up until 1990 ussr did n't have an official language . 
  yea sure . 
  everyone just used english . 
  independence from those horrible baltic occupants ? 
  you really fought a hard battle against them !, 
   all post soviet states are successor states to the ussr . 
  the baltics possibly forming an exception . 
  poland is a successor to the ussr ? 
  really ? 
  stop whining , you greedy bastard . 
  goose blood soup ? 
  literally first time i 'm hearing this . 
  we do have cold pink soup that 's made with old ( sour ) milk , but goose blood ? 
  there 's no way it could be hosted by russia . 
  those cunts have caused way too much crap recently to get any international event . 
  to be fair , it was n't much better in the earlier years of the ussr . 
  mostly because it was n't a free market economy . 
  supply did n't even come close to demand . 
  so what ? 
  what else can you do if you do n't know the exact date ? 
  the title of the video mentions the year ... 
   it would be akin to showing a picture of a food queue during the great depression in the us . 
  with a title `` us grocery store during the great depression . '',
