  this does n't change the fact that russians were literally imported with a sole reason of russifying the country . 
  also , as i already pointed out earlier , if russians in latvia and lithuania were not such a huge assholes , they could easily learn the local language and there would be no need for any referendums . 
  but no , they do n't even try learning on purpose , because they want to show that lithuanians are stupid and russians are smart and that russian language is the best in the world . 
  seriously , how is it possible to live in the country for decades and not learn the language ? 
  even kids who were born here still manage to avoid learning the language . 
   it 's funny that most places in africa still speak their colonial languages . 
  what does this have to do with colonies ? 
  are you saying that occupying other countries is a good thing ? 
  should it be used as an example of good politics ? 
  it was official language because russians occupied the country and killed everyone who disagreed , same as in lithuania . 
  i guess it 's not difficult to understand why latvians and lithuanians do n't like russia that much . 
  amazing history ? 
  yes . 
  calling our capital a property of poland ? 
  not so much . 
  if you decided to move to uk , would you still intentionally stick to russian language ? 
  would you avoid learning english at all costs , even after you lived there for a decade or two ? 
   curbing liberties is n't the right way to do it . 
  making russian an official language would be exactly that . 
  russia is evil . 
  soviets fucked things up so much that it will take many decades for us to recover . 
  if the bill passed , it would mean that russians have won . 
  there are literally thousands of exceptions . 
  in lithuania we have lots of russian and polish schools , all subjects there are taught in their language , rather than lithuanian . 
  naturally , many kids can speak lithuanian as good as i can speak spanish ( not very good ) . 
  hundreds ? 
  not at all . 
  soviet government literally imported lots of people to force lithuanians to assimilate to the russians . 
  edit : polish people are here also because they immigrated during the war and all those occupations . 
  many still claim that vilnius belongs to them , as they rightfully conquered it many years ago . 
  you see , the problem in the baltics is that russians here are assholes . 
  they do n't even try to learn the local language , * intentionally * . 
  some of them have been living here for decades , yet ca n't say much more than `` hello '' and `` goodbye '' . 
  seems like switching to the local language would mean accepting the defeat and giving up their history . 
  i really hope they will never pass that bill . 
  lithuania here . 
  after the fall of the soviets , government told all the russians and polish to either assimilate or leave . 
  some left , others took lithuanian citizenship and stayed . 
  however , they never assimilated . 
  there still are plenty of people who ca n't say a single word in lithuanian , even if they 've been living here for 30 years . 
  poles are now demanding to add polish letters to our alphabet and use polish street names where majority of houses belong to polish . 
  it 's the same occupation all over again , attempt to get rid of lithuanian language . 
  we already have more non-official-language schools than any other country in the world . 
  i would prefer it to stop here . 
  i doubt such union is possible , even hypothetically . 
  governments in some of the countries are just fucked up too much and i do n't feel like spending my taxes to cover debts of someone from another side of eu . 
  if we replace the governments , then all those countries will still need some governing power , as running the whole europe from brussels is just not possible . 
  obviously , those sub-governments will have to be elected . 
  that 's where we run into the main problem : people are stupid . 
  we would end up with the same nuts as we have today . 
  fun fact : we requested war reparations from russia after the soviet union collapsed ( for occupying us , sending thousands to siberia and all that ) but russia refused , claiming that we asked to be accepted into the soviet union and no one occupied anything . 
  they kind of forgot that part where unarmed people were going against russian tanks , which crushed them . 
  / lithuania, 
  being there as a tourist or in retirement is not the same as trying to raise kids and get a good job . 
  one needs very good language skills to pull that off . 
  more importantly , are you willing to learn ? 
  because if you 're not , then you 're left with old boring england . 
  i have never been to america . 
  it looks like the stereotypical image of americans being not very intelligent is quite close to truth . 
  op , watch [ this video ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b017j25v/art_of_america_modern_dreams/ ) and tell us what you think . 
  ok , i see where you 're coming from . 
  you believe that there are things worse than death . 
  i do n't think that torture is a good way of punishment . 
  wait , are you saying that criminals should not be punished in any way ? 
  it 's fine as long as we do n't let them interact with the rest of the society ? 
   why not lop off your head , then ? 
  again , investigation . 
  or did you question the decision of court when they killed hussein too ? 
  was there a possibility that he might have been not guilty ? 
   how much alcohol is sober ? 
  there are clear laws stating what concentration of alcohol in blood means `` drunk '' . 
   what if he did n't kill by pleasure but for some other reason ? 
  that 's why a proper investigation is needed , to find out whether he has a reason or if he is just crazy . 
   from how many people killed does it apply ? 
  one . 
   what if there 's a single imaginable possibility that you do n't know all the truth ? 
  again , investigation . 
   also , the justice system is n't there to take any vengeance . 
  it 's there to protect citizens . 
  you are just as secure with him dead or in a good prison . 
  it 's there not only to protect the citizens , but also to punish the criminal . 
  we can put him in a good prison in sweden , but you know how prisons are there , it 's like living in a hotel . 
  is it really that much of a punishment , if the only thing that the criminal loses is ability to freely move wherever he wants ? 
  he still would have all other joys of life , like interacting with friends , learning ( you can get a degree in most prisons in developed countries ) , watching tv and so on . 
   you ca n't be against death penalty while supporting it for some crimes that you think cross a line . 
  now you see , in this case the line is quite clear . 
  if one is intentionally killing lots of innocent people simply because he does n't like them , then it 's obvious that this person can not be fixed . 
  again , `` an eye for an eye '' applies here . 
  why should they be allowed to live when they ended lives of so many people ? 
  the main problem is that they did this intentionally , they knew what the result is going to be . 
  in some cases it is not a direct fault , for example some guy gets drunk , tries to drive his car home and hits a bus , killing a bunch of people . 
  it 's terrible , but the guy was n't intentionally trying to kill anyone . 
  in such case death penalty would n't make sense . 
  however if he was sober and intentionally tried driving on sidewalks and hitting people , then it would be a completely different situation . 
  sure , i do have my reasonable amount of doubts , but what if they are actually guilty ? 
  while i am not against the death penalty in this case , i do think that a proper investigation is required , since a shitstorm would happen if it later turned out that those guys were not the ones . 
  it 's quite likely that they were , though , since they would n't submit and accept the death sentence by being beaten . 
  i see no reason to let them live , to be fair . 
  `` an eye for an eye '' is not even strong enough , since they killed lots of people for fun , basically . 
  who can assure that they will not do the same if they will ever be released from jail ?
