  we have some fairly good evidence that there are lots and lots of terrorists planning attacks in europe . 
  not many alternatives now . 
  the title is kind of shitty , i agree . 
  anyway , i have no strong feelings either way , lukoil has a few convenient locations ( it 's the closest filling station to my house , useful when i want a hotdog ) but other than that it 's meh . 
  a small apartment , a couple new-ish cars , bankrupt in a month . 
  ukrainians are fine , quite a few came to lithuania too . 
  they 're quite close to us culturally so it 's not an issue . 
  someone from pakistan is an issue . 
  eh , it 's [ not too bad . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ufihvnx.jpg ) it was way more depressing 15 years ago . 
  it would , and the government is helping people get these renovation projects going , to make them look more [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t3avfxf.jpg ) but majority of the people living in the building have to agree to it . 
  you still have to pay quite a lot . 
  it would pay off quickly due to significantly reduced heating costs and increased value but old people and poor families still object to it . 
  there are a few old and cranky grannies in my building , they object to pretty much everything . 
  that 's actually quite cool , / r/oldschoolcool . 
   they have a lot of parking spaaaaaace , over here they have none . 
  one in five families had a car , if not fewer , back when those buildings were built . 
  now most families have at least one , often two cars , so the lack of parking space is a nightmare in vilnius . 
  everything is actually much nicer on the inside . 
  i had a guest from the us a while ago , he was really surprised that all buildings looked like absolute shitholes ( the staircases too ) but inside the apartments were nice and modern . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , you two are actually arguing who hates russia more . 
  brand new , cheaper buildings are a lot more problematic . 
  those old soviet ones are actually fairly decent . 
  you ever been to any of the more crowded districts in vilnius ? 
  cheap , old and shitty chinese-made receivers usually can only receive one channel at a time . 
  with just one dish everyone in the building would have to watch the same thing . 
  we all have plenty of ugly grey apartment blocks , so instead i 'll show you our magnificent [ tv tower . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hidfiui.jpg ) looks like [ shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zjsifrx.jpg ) , but is actually fully functional , in decent condition and there 's a restaurant where all the tables [ move in a circle . 
  that looks just like any typical lithuanian residential area . 
   why ? 
  to make overweight people feel better about themselves ? 
  be careful , reddit admins do n't like this sort of attitude . 
  does n't matter , liberals will just keep repeating that terrorism has nothing to do with islam , not connected in any way whatsoever . 
  so lithuania would just stay lithuania ? 
  weird , i was pretty sure that we had some angry minorities here . 
  yes , i 'm pretty sure that you 're a typical sun reader . 
  did you just call yourself an idiot ? 
  all foreign-funded . 
  you can get a hostel in warsaw for # 6.08 ? 
  that sounds too cheap . 
  ah , so just using the opportunity to get into eu with the crowds of other migrants . 
  so it is n't anymore ? 
  i 'm just confused why it 's in the top5 in that list op posted . 
  is albania still a communist dictatorship ? 
  do they still have it ? 
  some obviously were , but it was really difficult and not many people could do it . 
  leaving the soviet union was difficult , just to be clear . 
  it was a bit like north korea these days . 
  if you leave your family/friends behind , then they will probably be interrogated , tortured or imprisoned for aiding you , even if they were n't . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  a few years ago poles were legally allowed to migrate and work , just as they are today . 
  romanians and bulgarians just recently were allowed to work freely , without seeking additional work permits . 
  many are lying about being from syria because that makes them much more likely to get asylum . 
  albania is not exactly at war , so you would be sent back . 
  it 's not just us helping us , we have foreign troops ( usually with jets ) stationed in lithuania all the time . 
  a whole bunch of americans has just arrived with tanks and armoured vehicles of all sorts a couple days ago , they 'll stay here for a few months . 
  yeah , we 're getting tired of that crap . 
  russia constantly blocks imports of some products from lithuania , and threatens to shut off gas . 
  at the moment most foods are banned , but in the past it was very common to ban chicken for a few weeks/months , or pork , or something else . 
  i think they banned flowers for a while , so lots of trucks ended up with tons and tons of flowers which were no longer good for sale . 
  we really do n't have much choice . 
  as someone else here said , if we do n't do something , who will ? 
  so we 're doing something , increasing the military budget , trying to reduce our reliance on russian natural gas , etc. 
  bought a [ new boat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/olkkzrk.jpg ) to bring natural gas from pretty much anywhere in the world . 
  there definitely wo n't be any sort of full ( or half ) scale invasion . 
  they could only do the same sneaky shit as in ukraine . 
  some random `` locals '' will start being oppressed , start a `` revolution '' and then declare their village an independent state , or something . 
  it was n't an exaggeration , i think many people were actually worried . 
  such drastic moves by russia , so close to us . 
  all baltic states are preparing for whatever russia will think of next . 
  we have just brought back mandatory military service , now we 're looking where to buy some new armored vehicles , guns , etc. 
  often there 's no sink with running clean water available when camping , so i do n't . 
  the state is , not the people . 
  because you 'll kill it ? 
  well then , it 's up to them to decide which side they want to take . 
  russia is obviously a land of great prosperity and innovation these days , would be hard to pass up such a treat . 
  sending all those poor families to ireland turned out to be a good decision . 
  now we look better in statistics maps . 
  it really has a lot to do with russia . 
  not many people would like to go back to the soviet days . 
  definitely better than that fodder from \u010cili , charlie or cancan . 
  the actual number of syrians is probably quite a bit lower , as many migrants throw away their passports once they get into europe , and then tell everyone that they 're from syria . 
  does n't matter . 
  we ca n't just take in everyone who 's having problems . 
  they found the gun in the same building . 
  they found and arrested him , no one got hurt . 
  over 3000 officers took part in this , so it 's definitely good practice . 
   ( why the hell do they even have it there ?? ), 
  cops were given aks because of the recent paris events . 
  i feel so much safer now . 
  there 's alaus studija in vilnius , they have lots and lots of different foreign beers . 
  high quality place , great food . 
  \u0160nekutis pubs have only lithuanian beer , also really good lithuanian food . 
  ignore this , guys . 
  surely there were just a few guys who were crazy fucknut islamists among all those soccer fans . 
  majority of them are nice people . 
  she argued that his blast did n't kill anyone , so it was clearly an accident caused by stress and he was always a really good kid and all that bullshit . 
  i think this is a pretty shitty fad . 
  like , do you absolutely have to change lighting or your fb profile pic to `` show solidarity '' ? 
  will the french think that you 're a giant asshole if you do n't ?
