  everywhere they 're oppressed , everywhere they 're discriminated and ca n't get a job or build a good life . 
  maybe the issue is not with the host country ? 
  maybe the issue is with the guest ? 
  nah , it 's just muslims who hate the western countries ' actions in the middle east and in general hate the police and the whole concept of the western life . 
  not much more to it . 
  [ here 's another one ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/25/us-france-stabbing-idusbre94o09420130525 ) , i 'm 99 % sure it was also a muslim guy . 
  if the police shoots him , muslims will start rioting because the french government is `` bigoted and islamophobic . '', 
   nor is it the reason for why they are rioting . 
  it kind of is , really . 
   i guess because there 's a general anti-muslim craze going on yea sure , and everyone 's also an islamophobe and a bigot , that 's the reason why muslims keep fucking shit up . 
  why is there celtic in the middle of lithuania ? 
  and the whole northern part of russia is estonian ? 
  what a shitty map , no idea how it got so many upvotes . 
  maybe you should move to uganda or something , i 'm sure their ideals are much closer to yours than the european ones are . 
  dunno about that . 
  remember the tale of three piglets and a wolf ? 
  brick house did n't need rebuilding . 
   but most stuff is fucking great . 
  clearly you have n't bought many chinese things . 
  try buying any electronics device that was actually designed and produced in china , not just manufactured like most major-brand things from apple/dell/toshiba / sony/etc . 
  will it even be for sale in europe ? 
  google does n't seem to like european markets too much . 
  oh , and g glass seems to be mostly voice-operated , so i can already see ( heh  how it 's going to fail . 
  that 's muslims for you . 
  like in india ? 
  roma do n't help millions either . 
  english is popular , but that 's basically where its advantages end . 
  google does n't really give many fucks about europe . 
  we just get leftovers after america 's feast . 
  / r/birdswitharms / r/animalsbeingjerks, 
  your map seems to be messed up . 
  just a couple hours ago i saw an infographic in / r/worldnews which said that the best they could reach is the western half of the us , east coast would be completely safe . 
  same for most of europe . 
  well sure , things [ like this ] ( http://izismile.com/2012/08/22/romanian_town_of_gypsy_kings_17_pics.html ) exist , but it 's a terrible kitsch . 
  extremely over the top to the point where it 's horrible . 
  it 's not romania itself , it 's just the gypsies . 
  their shack towns look like that whether they live in romania or in uk , france or germany . 
  they 're just shitty people , they 're basically pests . 
  they will destroy and loot everything they can get their hands on , even if it 's their own home , that was given to them for free by the government . 
   czechia and hong kong . 
  i do n't think `` northern europe '' means what you think it means . 
  of course he 's jelly , we just left him to die alone . 
  it 's still independence if you join eu voluntarily . 
  it 's not independence if you 're forced to be in eu . 
  no one is forced to be part of it . 
  i 'm sure that this will all level out within a couple decades . 
  am i right in thinking that this poll was done on their own website as a simple questionnaire ? 
  if yes , then it would obviously be horribly biased , since only a specific type of people visits such places . 
  also , cameron has 80 % support on something ? 
  that 's just plain crazy . 
  bnp fanboys were the main voters on that poll . 
  average person is not anti-immigration at all , they usually realise that immigration and multiculturalism are essential parts of the uk . 
  it 's just a handful of people from all groups that oppose the immigration . 
  they rarely can give a good reason for that . 
   i do n't understand this at all . 
  indian people have been living in the uk for generations . 
  a very large chunk of them are first or second generation immigrants . 
  not so long ago the local brits were saying the same things about them . 
  yet now they 've lived a decade or two in uk and somehow that gives them the right to pretend to be all offended because some people from eastern europe want to work insane hours in shitty warehouses for minimum wage . 
  cool , now do `` homicides by gun '' one , 
  polish too . 
  there are quite a few of them in lithuania , they actually outnumber the russians . 
   quotas so you 're saying that more women should be hired just because they 're women and not because they 're better at that job ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  textbook sexism . 
  it 's all about equality when it comes to nice and well-paying jobs , but ask how many women would want to be truck drivers , miners or moving business workers ? 
  we can keep italy as a big battery . 
   on the long run , that is the best option . 
  according to whom ? 
  you ? 
  or some guy who 's never even been to europe and has no idea what eu is ? 
   these have always existed and will continue to exist . 
  that 's quite a strong statement . 
  mind you , i 'm not talking about farms where a family grows just enough food to feed themselves . 
  i 'm talking about farms where they only grow one type of stuff and then sell it . 
  if we cut the subsidies , then it wo n't be profitable anymore and they will stop selling stuff . 
  `` in the long run '' does n't really mean anything here , people wo n't just sit quietly without a job for a decade . 
   i do n't know about it , if everybody is allowed to operate , then yes , it 's a free market , only the most competitive businesses will thrive . 
  it is a free market and it 's a horrible mess with insane prices and fees on everything . 
  that 's what happens when you let the businessmen do whatever they want . 
  that 's why it will never work . 
  someone has to control them . 
   what do you think is paying for those more expensive calls now ? 
  no one is paying for them . 
  the prices were high because the companies were able to put whatever price they wanted . 
  they could make it 1 euro/min and they did , even if the actual cost was one tenth of that . 
  what are you going to do , sign a new mobile contract just for one week holiday abroad ? 
  that 's why the governments had to step in and say `` sorry guys , but these prices are unreasonable . 
  cut them . '', 
  the opposite is going on in the agricultural world right now . 
  the farmers are operating below the lowest limit . 
  that 's why they need subsidies . 
  it simply would n't be profitable for them to keep operating without them . 
  now you may say `` oh that 's not a problem , someone else will come along . '', 
  well sure , someone else will , and then you 'll go back to paying 1 euro/min for your calls ? 
  i do n't think it 's a good solution . 
   and who are these angels and good samaritans who will organise society for us ? 
  that 's why we have democracies and why we elect people to do stuff and enforce rules , to make everyone equal . 
  it may not be a perfect system and there are glitches every now and then , but it 's much better than no government at all . 
  look at somalia if you want to see how a country without a government looks .
