  those fucking leeches . 
  that would be a bit closer , but still . 
  last year their profits were 1.7 million litas ( half a million euros ) and that 's both export and lithuanian market . 
  so it 's still not * that * much . 
  we have just one company that makes cement ( akmen\u0117s cementas ) and last year their exports were just a bit over half a million litas ( 174 thousand euros ) which really is n't a lot of money . 
  2013 was their best year in the last decade . 
  i know several companies who make this much money in a month or two , just from exports . 
  it 's mostly industrial laser systems . 
  what the hell are mineral products ? 
  is n't it mandatory to go serve in the military if you do n't get into college/university after you finish school ? 
  it used to be this way in lithuania , so pretty much everyone had higher education . 
  no one wants to waste a year of their life running around in forests . 
   anti-russia propaganda no such thing . 
  pretty much everything that russia does these days is crazy . 
  it 's like reading / r/nottheonion . 
  while giving him a kick every now and then . 
  russia will just take over eastern ukraine , that should solve things out . 
   and feel it 's their home . 
  not really . 
  we have sort of the same issue with russians in lithuania . 
  we gave them lithuanian passports but they still remain russians . 
  they have russian districts , even russian public schools . 
  polish too , funded by the government . 
  yet they still complain about being oppressed and all that . 
  this old russian granny ( my neighbour ) , an old hag who knows everything , went to the russian embassy to ask for putin 's help because the taxes here are too high . 
  people at the embassy laughed at her and told her to enjoy the time without putin , as it will be worse if he comes . 
   and who refer to our language as `` dog language '' who says that ? 
  who !, 
  but he 's got china on his side . 
  what if he just says `` fuck it , i 'm tired of being somewhere at the bottom '' ? 
  we also got 150 of those guys . 
   but he 's not stupid . 
  well ... 
  i 've met a few black people from us , they were really nice guys . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there are two types of people in the world : those who fucking hate gypsies , and those who have never lived next to gypsies . 
  when you spend decades living close to them and not once see a decent one , you start thinking that maybe they 're all just shit . 
  then they think `` hey , society treats us like shit . 
  let 's show them ! '', 
  and then they steal the audio system from your car . 
  or your valet . 
  eh , that 's not too bad . 
  i have to pay five times as much for heating in winter , per month . 
  shit gets cold here . 
  oh , i do n't plan on living there . 
  it would be more of a weekend house . 
  it 's cheap , there are no expensive heating bills and i do n't have to pay for electricity if i 'm not using it , right ? 
  [ i 've got another one . 
  good . 
  i 've always wanted a little shack on a mountain with a view of the ocean . 
  wan na cry together ? 
  aww , they completely missed lithuania ... :(, 
  i doubt nato would allow that . 
  if russia dared stepping into nato and eu zone , then obviously it will only move forwards . 
  better to stop it now than wait until it reaches germany . 
   i really do n't understand why russia went though with the annexation of crimea . 
  it 's because the locals asked for it . 
  russian troops only stood there in case the ukrainians started shooting at the protesters . 
  that 's the putin 's version , he gave a speech yesterday . 
  that could actually work . 
  many russians believe that you can `` catch '' homosexuality , which is why they 're very very against gays adopting children . 
  one guy told me that if gays get to adopt kids , then little by little the whole world will become gay and humanity will go extinct . 
  that 's just the income tax , those 15 % in lithuania . 
  there also are other taxes . 
  they all add up to some 25-30 % . 
  well , we could send them half of our tanks , but what are we going to achieve with the other one when russia attacks us ? 
  a lot of us emigrate to ireland . 
  you see , we have to look at both pros and cons when thinking about stuff like this . 
  example : cellphone tracking , ability for cell providers to pinpoint your location if the police asks for it . 
  good or bad ? 
  i 'm sure that you and 99 % of other redditors here would say that it 's horrible , invasion of privacy , it 's anti-constitutional and all that . 
  last summer a girl in my country ( in eu ) was kidnapped by a few guys , raped and then they put her in the trunk of their car . 
  they were taking her somewhere . 
  she had her phone with her , so she called the police and asked for help . 
  all she knew was her initial location and make/colour of the car . 
  the cell provider could n't track her location , they simply did n't have the necessary hardware/software to do that . 
  all the police could do was check all cars of that make/colour ( a blue vw sedan ) . 
  some 20 minutes later the girl 's phone was turned off . 
  the police found the car the next morning . 
  it was completely burned down , the remains of that girl still in the trunk . 
  so yea , same with recording the conversations . 
  is it bad because your privacy is sacred , or is it good because it might help to track down and imprison a serial killer or a gang of drug dealers ? 
  i get your point , but let 's be realistic here . 
  if the government is overthrown , then some call recordings will be the least of our worries . 
  i do n't think such a law would help . 
  if the government is going rogue , then some eu agreements wo n't mean much to them . 
  not gon na happen . 
  a court has to decide whether accessing the data is necessary . 
  if it is , then the court orders the cell provider to provide records of specific phone calls from specific times . 
  it 's not a public file system that can be accessed by any cop . 
  in what circumstances would such a need arise ? 
  there are certain upsides to storing the call data . 
  for example , it helps as evidence in certain court cases involving murder or drug deals . 
  you 've got wales already , is n't that enough ? 
  is n't it ? 
  no , i still do n't think that you get it . 
  no , i do n't think you know what `` own '' means . 
  sure , but there 's no way nato would allow it to happen . 
  if russia succeeded in doing that , then they would definitely move towards central european countries . 
  the baltics are in nato .
