  well what do you suggest ? 
  one option to reduce crime in the area was to build a police office near their village , to keep all the drug addicts away . 
  the building was set on fire literally the night after it was finished , either by gypsies themselves ( they 're selling drugs , after all , so police is not exactly their friends ) or by drug addicts , who will do pretty much anything for a dose . 
  there 's no need to build a supermarket or something right next to it , to `` create jobs '' . 
  there is public transport going by that area , so anyone can easily get anywhere in the city . 
  saying that they do n't have jobs because there are n't any right across the street is just stupid . 
  also , keep in mind that we 're not communists any more , it 's not government 's job to find jobs for everyone . 
  the main problem here , as i already mentioned , is that monotonic 9-5 job is not appealing at all for them , as making drugs is a lot more profitable and they do n't even have to go anywhere . 
  demand is great too , while there are n't that many suppliers in the city . 
  so even if some social worker managed to find a job for a bunch of gypsies , why would they take that job ? 
  would you work for minimum wage in a warehouse if you can work at home and earn many times more ? 
  religion in my country is something that you never talk about . 
  sure , there are churches and synagogues , but they do n't affect daily life at all , as far as i noticed . 
  meanwhile , pickpocketers are something that you can see every other day , especially in summer when all the tourists come . 
   jews !, 
  everybody hates them for a reason , am i right ? 
  to be honest , i ca n't think of a single reason . 
  i 've heard the whole `` jews run all the biggest corporations and governments '' thing , but it sounds like just another conspiracy theory to me . 
  meanwhile , every single gypsy ( with an exception of one kid back in high school ) was a dirty , smelly thieve . 
  they never work , because making drugs is much easier and gets them more money . 
  why would they choose to work more and earn less ? 
  oh , so the fact that gypsies are the scum of europe is entirely everyone else 's fault ? 
  yeah , sure it is . 
  i completely agree to that , but how do you force someone to work if they do n't want to work ? 
  what if they 're ok with their current situation ? 
  their ghetto is already on a perifery , in the industrial part of the city . 
  [ it does n't look pretty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s7gbt.jpg ) either . 
  i would think that anything would be better than that , especially when they do get public transport and job offers . 
  of course , number of job offers has been declining over the past few years , as employers are losing all remaining hope . 
  note : the houses you see in the picture above are almost all illegally built and they all owe huge amounts of money for electricity . 
  however , electricity supplier ca n't just cut it because that would be racism , apparently . 
  now their debts are in tens of thousands per house , but hey , human rights organisations wo n't allow racism . 
  in 1960-1990 we were in soviet union , so that was not the main priority . 
  government was giving apartments to everyone ( we got one too ) , gypsies were not exclusive and did n't have any priority . 
  our government only recently started trying to integrate them , but i do n't think gypsies themselves want to be integrated . 
  even if they do , they definitely do n't show that . 
  area around their village on the side of the capital city is the worst place of the city , as drug addicts steal everything they can , to get more drugs from gypsies in exchange . 
  they even steal manhole covers and sell them as scrap metal , so one has to be careful even when driving through there . 
  we tried . 
  government gave them apartments and a chance to start again . 
  within months all those apartments were either re-rented out ( that 's illegal , as apartments still belong to the government ) or were turned into drug manufacturing and distribution points . 
  vast majority of them did n't last more than a few days at work either , as they do n't understand that they ca n't simply not come to work every second day because they do n't feel like working now . 
  others were fired for stealing . 
  now you see , there are two types of people : those who hate gypsies and those who have never met any gypsies . 
  seriously though , even if there are a few good guys among them , they 're drowning in a sea of scumbags , thieves and criminals who do nothing but steal . 
  as they 've said themselves several times , `` society does n't accept us , so we do n't have to follow society 's laws . '', 
  the saddest part is where gypsy mothers with 15 kids go to big cities and teach the kids to steal from tourists and other people . 
  now kids wo n't just steal . 
  they will also kick you , spit you in the face and run away laughing . 
  that 's some interesting info , but i was referring to the nutella , not bread . 
  i have a jar of nutella in the kitchen , it 's soft and creamy . 
  if i put it in the fridge ( not freezer ) for a few hours , it becomes hard , almost to the point where it starts to crumble . 
  we have both . 
  you can try that yourself , just buy some french one , put it in the fridge for a couple hours and it becomes german . 
  more common is `` oh i 've been there , it 's such an awesome place !, 
  really , riga is a very nice city ! '', 
  tell me about it ... / lithuania, 
  bin laden has many followers . 
  yeah , zionist , sure :d by your logic , we should kill ** every ** child born in any muslim family , because they might become the next binladen . 
  it 's the same in all eastern europe : poland , slovakia , czech republic , all baltic states and so on . 
  muslim terrorist logic : soldiers are killing people on the other side of the world ? 
  better kill some innocent children !, 
  do n't know much about hotels , the ones i stayed at were pre-paid , i do n't even know how much they were . 
  however , those were student-grade hostels , not real hotels . 
  now looking at some website , they do n't look * that * expensive . 
  as for crime , the central part is definitely safe . 
  of course , you might encounter a drunk idiot , but that could happen in any city ( except the whole switzerland , probably ) . 
  people in general were very nice and friendly . 
  i 've been there 3 times already , for a couple days each , and i would definitely go again if i had a chance . 
  oh by the way , talking about switzerland , it 's a beautiful country where crime is virtually non-existent and people are all well-educated and very polite , but it 's really expensive . 
  visit prague , it 's a beautiful city , everything is cheap , beer is delicious and it 's generally quite awesome . 
  venice is another obvious choice , just for the uniqueness of it . 
  that one is going to be much more expensive , though . 
  i would also suggest tenerife ( especially the central and northern parts of the island ) , but that could as well be a whole another trip . 
  however , if you find yourself in southern europe , then you might as well get a plane there . 
  it would be a 3 hour flight and it 's cheap to fly with ryanair . 
  i paid less than # 90 to get there and back . 
  you could get that for # 50 or even less now , as it 's not really the season yet . 
  it is an incredibly amazing place , really . 
  also , it 's all tax-free , so alcohol and cigarettes cost less than what you would pay in a duty-free shop in an airport . 
  1 , not fundamentalism . 
  just islam . 
  2 , there are muslims in the government which aim at muslim voters . 
  not enough for a party , though . 
  well obviously this wo n't happen in 5 years , it 's a long-term thing . 
  you see , muslims tend to have many children ( statistics on this are not very complete , but it 's obvious if you have any friends working in maternity hospitals ) , so if they keep on doing that , eventually they will outnumber the local population . 
   eu citizens do n't have the right to vote in national parliamentary elections . 
  there 's nothing stopping them from becoming british citizens . 
  stay in uk for five years , pass the test and that 's pretty much it . 
  as for immigration , turkey is a big place , with many people who would n't mind starting new life in a new place ... 
  some could call it islamophobia , i guess . 
  however , phobia by definition is an irrational fear of something . 
  after doing my part of reading , researching and visiting the related websites , forums and subreddits , i have to say that this fear is anything but irrational . 
  there are lots and lots of crazy people ( i wo n't tell you how crazy they are now , but let 's just say that you would n't want to start watching south park with them in the same room ) , many of whom are already in the west . 
  the only thing keeping them from turning secular countries into muslim ones is that they are still just a tiny minority . 
  another thing : there are plenty of genuinely good people in turkey who simply want a better life for them and their families . 
  the problem here is that they will try to emigrate if turkey is accepted ( it will be much easier than now ) , they will start trying to get jobs in other countries , most likely germany , france and uk . 
  unemployment rates are already high there . 
  if there 's an influx of people willing to work 60 + hours per week for minimum wage ( because it 's still much more than in turkey ) , then a lot more locals will lose their jobs . 
  i understand that turks just want to live a little bit better , but i do n't think it 's ok to achieve that by taking jobs from other people .
