* very quick-and-dirty translation . 
  it actually mostly highlights stuff from paper-version newspaper , but a pretty reputable one . 
  * ** syrians escaping poland . 
  of 160 people that came to poland , only 35 are left . 
  ** of 160 syrian people that came to poland , only 35 are left . 
  they did n't wait to get the refugee status . 
  they left without informing the government . 
  the estera foundation , led by miram shaded , is trying to get another group to come nevertheless - newspaper \u201e rzeczpospolita '' informs . 
  as the article states , in the end of december 2015 there was a meeting between miriam shaded , the estera foundation leader , and foreign ministry officials . 
  ministry asked by \u201e rzeczpospolita '' about the reason for the meeting answered , that ministry listened to the propositions of supporting ester foundation by the government . 
  ministry did not reveal any details about the talks with miriam shaded , but newspaper suggests that government is sceptical about further supporting her actions . 
  miriam shaded was suggested to contact institutions responsible for foreigners integration process - home affairs ministry and foreigners office . 
  miriam shaded describes her success in getting in getting 160 christians from war-torn syria to poland on her web page . 
  but this success is - according to article - somewhat dubious , because most of the foreigners who came to poland decided to leave the country . 
  from 160 only 35 are left in poland - article states . 
  this seems more like economic migration than forced one , since most people who came to poland left the country . 
  i 'd say that there were some problems with selection of people -- phd pawe\u0142 d\u0105browski , leader of the refugees council with the prime minister , told the newspaper . 
  as the newspapers adds , most of the people did not inform the foreigners office about their leave , they also did not pick up the decisions about being granted the refugee status . 
  nah , we will take them with open arms ... ... after all , they are just going to go back to germany for their social payments on their own . 
  it was a different situation , because with the russian sanction thing , they were open about that stuff . 
  with migration , po was first ` yeah , yeah , we 're totally with you on this one ' and then suddenly ` ok , f *** you , merkel said we have to take them so we take them and forget what we were telling you earlier ' . 
  well ... ok . 
  i 'm not the one to tell you how to run your country ( / choose who to run your country for you , as it happens in modern democracy ) . 
  i have n't been to greece yet ( i hope to visit some time ! ), 
  and i do n't know how it really is there , but the article from the op seems to suggest you are not in a very good position now ; and it really does n't seem that it will get better any time soon ( i.e. 
  in the next ten years ) if you do n't do something drastic . 
  as stated , this is your decision , and you are in much better position to take it than i am ( obviously ) . 
  i just wanted to point out that you are ( imo ) vastly overstating the risks of just ignoring the current debt , and perhaps understating the risks of current situation . 
  i find it is always a good idea to be confronted with another point of view . 
  that being said , i take no offence in your opinion of me being severely misinformed , of course . 
   i really hope greece will dig itself out of the hole it currently is in , and i wish your country ( and you personally ! ), 
  all the best . 
  yeah , because raking up debt in the * last * two decades worked just wonderfully for them . 
  first of all , do you realize that greece was in defaulted state for about 50 % of it 's modern existence ? 
  and defaulted at least five times since gaining independence ? 
  * and * there are countries that it a lot more , including european ones ( spain , mostly ) ? 
  second , do you realize just how much money you are trying to repay every year ? 
  i do n't really have time to dwell on the issue , but in poland , with 60 % debt/gdp ration , our interest is actually second biggest position in the budget . 
  with 160 % debt-to-gdp in greece , and after including actual repayments , i would guess it 's a lot more . 
  i have to admit that merchant navy is a major factor to consider here , i was n't really aware just how big it is . 
  but i do n't believe you would get a hit in tourism . 
  if anything , leaving euro and dramatically lower value of new drachma would keep people coming from aboard . 
  if you are trying to suggest that sanctions will stop that ... yeah , right . 
  just like they led to total collapse of russian economy and major civil war there . 
  importing oil would n't be all that difficult , if you had money to pay for it . 
  and you would . 
  what with all that money you are not spending on repaying debt now and oil hitting historically low prices , and foreign tourists bringing hard currencies when visiting . 
  not to mention the fact that you do , in fact , could actually do something useful with those 25 % unemployed people and make some actual product to sell aboard for more oil . 
  you do realize that the link is about the ship that was * released after a court sentence * ? 
  as for the long term consequences ... 
  your debt is totally unrepayable - there is literally no chance of paying it back , and after seven years it seems obvious that there is no will in creditors let greece off the hook . 
  you will be paying those debts for the foreseeable future and nothing good will come out of this . 
  well , at least not for you . 
  you can always unilaterally refuse to pay . 
  it 's rather unlikely anybody will borrow you any more money for quite some time ( as in , several years ) , but it is also equally unlikely that anybody will gather an army to invade greece and seize it 's assets ( since there 's pretty much nothing left to be seized outside of greece that belongs to it ) . 
  it 's been done , and it 's been done many times already , and looking at your current situation , it would be really good idea for you . 
  i will try to sum up ( polish ) parties quickly , but it is absolutely necessary to separate economics and social politics here ; the keyword ` left ' is generally associated with high-tax , social-oriented economy with major state interactions * and * with accepting/promoting things like legalization of soft drugs , abortion , state-church separation and in case of europe , euro-enthusiasm etc. , while the ` right ' is generally associated with free-market , capitalist economy with limited social benefits and state regulations * and * rejecting/limiting stuff that left is accepting/promoting . 
  but to answer your question first : we are usually calling ` left ' the parties that are ` left ' in the social politics sense , without caring about economy ; and those parties just do n't seem to offer people what they want . 
  their communication is pretty clear , i 'd say , but portion of the population willing to listen is just too small ; everybody seems to be center or right on those issues . 
  and economic left is ... well , current ruling party is social in it 's economic views . 
  last ruling part is center-left as far as the economy goes , so that 's pretty much covered . 
  now , to the parties , it might allow you to understand better why asking about our ` left ' is a hard question to answer . 
   so , our current ruling party pis ( law and justice ) is center-to-left in economy ( with social programs , new taxes on banks/shops and earlier notions of protecting state-owned companies ) and right in social politics ( with rather hard stance on drugs and abortion and euro-skeptic leaning ) . 
  major opposition party , po ( civic platform , is it ? ), 
  is center-to-left in economy ( with increasing taxes , moving pensions from partly-market back to state-controlled , but ignoring social spending ) and center-to-left in social politics ( with stress on ` opportunist ' - there was some talk over last eight years , when they were in power , about various stuff here , but it was mostly just talk ; they are pretty strong euro-enthusiastic , though , with plans for euro ( currency ) adoption etc. ) . 
  other opposition party , . nowoczesna ( . modern , i guess ? ), 
  is rather hard to define ; they have been created right before the elections , they have n't really done anything so far , so i will have to base this on their declarations ( they do n't even have any sort of statement , afaik , at least not written/published ) : right economically ( reduction and simplification of taxes and simplification of pensions ) and ... left , i guess , as far as the sociopolitics go ( state-church separation , they are against stopping the in vitro program ) . 
  * please note , they have been created literally half a year ago , so that has been no chance of checking any of that . 
  * yet another opposition party , kukiz '15 ( it 's from the leaders ' last name , so it is impossible to translate ) is rather eclectic collection of people ( it 's not even really a party , but that 's beside the point ) , with mostly right leanings in economy , as far as i gathered ( * this might be inaccurate !, 
  * ) and right in social politics , but mostly they are grouped together by the idea that current political system is broken and in desperate need of repair . 
  last party that holds seats in parliament , psl ( i 'm not even attempting translation ; basically , farmer 's party ) is ... well , i do n't honestly know . 
  their only reason to exists seems to be putting people in various state-controlled positions that pay good money . 
  for the last eight years , they formed coalition with po , and i ca n't really remember single instance in which they actually had any position on anything apart from ritual slaughter of animals . 
  as far as the non-parliamentary parties ( as in parties that do not hold seats ) , we have : sld : this is post-communist party created from the the old commie party which ruled poland after ww ii . 
  they are left in economy ( high taxes , high social spending , state-controlled industry , stuff like that ) , and left on the social policies ( pro-abortion , pro-state/church separation , etc. ) . 
  keep in mind that most major figures in the party are on par with bank ceo 's as far as their money is considered , so this might hurt their credibility as far as defending the poor goes ( * this has mostly anecdotal evidence , but this is the important kind of evidence in politics , so i decided to include it * ) . 
  they were very close to getting seats , but some coalition shenanigans stopped them from passing minimum required amount of votes . 
  razem ( together ) : this is neo-communist party , pretty fresh , created last year ( or at least that 's when people started hearing about it ) . 
  they are left-far left on both accounts as far as i know , proposing greatly increasing taxes , social spending , etc. 
  as well as standard fare left social policies , with all that in vitro , abortion , state atheism , stuff like that ( they seem to be pretty radical ; never really invested much into getting those to know better , as i do n't consider them for my vote ) . 
  they were also pretty close to getting seats ; it seems that rivalry between those two parties made both lose . 
  and our last major party is korwin ( again , the lead guys last name , even though officially it is some kind of abbreviation ) , which is right-far right as far as the economy goes ( low taxes , no social spending , no state control in industry etc. ), 
  and as far as the social part , it 's a mix of what you 'd consider left ( like pro-drug depenalization ) and right ( against gay adoption ) . 
  it does n't seem that they are going to get any seats , though ; they were very close this time , but the leader is rather old and i do n't predict any chances for them to gain major traction anymore . 
  we do n't hate china . 
  we love china . 
  aliexpress , to be exact , but still that 's china !, 
  it 's seventy years since the last attempt to create a single army in europe by germany failed . 
  germans !, 
  are you sure you want to try again ? 
  as far as i know , yes . 
  there is actually a special holy mass on midnight between 24th and 25th , called ` pasterka ' , as in ` shepherd 's mass ' , since shepherd were the first to hear about jesus being born . 
  in general , christmas eve dinner ( which is main meal during christmas in poland ) is meat-less , but as per catholic/christian tradition , fish is not considered meat ( long story ) , hence fish on christmas eve dinner . 
  before ww ii there were many fish , during commie regime carp become widespread as a cheap replacement for stuff like salmon , and it lives on as a tradition . 
  is n't it nicer when we try to talk like rational adults ? 
  would n't it be cool if you could keep it for the entire post , instead of going full strawman in the last two paragraphs ? 
  but well , you could n't . 
  so i 'm not going to continue this thread and talk with a person trying to suggest that i 'm antisemitic conspiracy theorist . 
  that was not _ my _ question ; i 've chimed in later . 
  you got the information ( again , not from me ... ) that suggest who could be doing it .
