  and then you stated you do believe in official statement more than some anonymous poster on the forum . 
  which is ok by me , sure . 
  just tell me if you are going to believe in and all official statements and no anonymous informants ? 
  because that seems like investigative journalism is out the window , for starters . 
  and even better , if two official statements conflict , which do you believe ? 
  i believe your not answering my question . 
  i 'm not accusing anybody of anything - at least not formally . 
  i just tell you what i believe in , and why . 
  you are of course free to believe whatever you want ; it does n't really matter anyway , because whoever is funding kod , or indeed if anyone at all , it is clear that they are trying to destabilize poland ... 
  ... do n't remember the links , sorry . 
  and if the statement is made by the people 's republic of korea , do you believe it too , because it is ` official ' ? 
  hell , do you believe every statement made by pis , since it is official ? 
  and the fact that he calls former sb officer his ` leading officer ' on his birthday party , and the opinion of historians , and the fact that he won lotto lotteries on a regular basis whenever he needed a new washing machine during the communist years , and the various other things are what ? 
  and that 's not even all there is to that . 
  but you need to start with the documents and work your way towards an opinion , not the other way around , to get to the truth . 
  well , i 've seen at least four , so perhaps you are not looking well enough . 
  just try checking the media outlets that do n't have interest in keeping the atmosphere hot and/or are not fiercely opposed to the current government . 
   i 've actually met quite a few opinions that say that both bills ( the last gov 's and the current gov 's ) are shitty and should be replaced with something else , and those are the opinions i read as most reasonable , btw . 
  ok , i will dissect this a little more . 
  firstly , this ` not being bound by ' only works when judging over the case , not all the time . 
  i 'm no longer assuming that 's obvious and i 'm stating that outright . 
   in a same way as judges of s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy i s\u0105dy apelacyjne are n't bound by decrees ( uchwa\u0142y ) only by constitution and laws ( ustawy ) . 
  and what about judges of s\u0105dy okr\u0119gowe and s\u0105dy rejonowy ? 
  they are bound by decrees suddenly ? 
  no , they are not , and the article you are linking to states that ... maybe you should have actually read your comment before posting it . 
   lso , judges of constitutional court are n't bound by the laws ( ustawy ) , only by constitution . 
  there is not a word about that in the article you linked . 
  i 've went ahead , and checked the constitution to be sure , and you are right , they are not bound by high-order laws ( ustawy ) when judging over the case ... 
  which actually interesting and here i must concede . 
  but there is a little bonus in the article you have linked to :  wed\u0142ug trybuna\u0142u konstytucyjnego na niezawis\u0142o\u015b\u0107 s\u0119dziowsk\u0105 sk\u0142adaj\u0105 si\u0119 nast\u0119puj\u0105ce elementy : bezstronno\u015b\u0107 w stosunku do uczestnik\u00f3w post\u0119powania ( ... ) ( rough translation : according to constitutional court , the part of judge 's independence is : objectivity ( as in : not being a stakeholder ) in respect to sides of the case ) . 
  this is blatantly false whenever the constitutional court rules over laws that touch the constitutional court . 
  and keep in mind that this is part of their own judgment !, 
  this institution is single-point inception device ... 
  well , yeah , it does . 
  but it does n't have the authority to rule over _ any _ single-person-affecting bills and laws ( in polish : trybuna\u0142 decyduje tylko o normach og\u00f3lnych , a nie szczeg\u00f3\u0142owych i personalnych ) , in particular , they ca n't rule on the legality of the judge-choosing votings . 
  there is disagreement between state institutions here ; that the constitutional court wishes there was so they vote they are the sole rulers of poland and everyone else can go f *** themselves is of no matter here . 
  that 's not even touching the fact that our constitutional court is the only court that has the right to rule in cases involving themselves ( and it was well known for the last 2500 years or so that it is just inviting trouble ) and there is no way to protest their ruling , as they first and last instance in each and every case they take . 
  he accused the then-president of collaboration based on actual documents produced by the political police . 
  you know , the stuff you would normally call ` proof ' ? 
   fun fact , wyborcza is over twice as old as po is . 
  and yes , wyborcza is to the left of pis . 
  so what ? 
  i 've been only commenting on the last eight years and the last government . 
   i expect that governmental messages would be not credible in fakt or super express . 
  a note for non-poles : `` fakt '' and `` super express '' ( the second one sounds like something from uk anyway ) are polish tabloids . 
  and i do n't really see why would it be not credible ... would people stop believing that six year old kids are going to school because they read it in fakt ? 
   the goal of such campaigns should be reach the widest possible audience , not to sponsor the newspaper that likes you . 
  yeah , wo\u015ap ( major polish charity ) is refusing the publish their books despite direct order of the court , so if kod will decide not to publish theirs , they wo n't , and there is a good chance nobody will do anything about that . 
  also , it does n't seem like they are registered - at least their web page does n't state anything about being a registered ngo , and of course there is no word about any money anywhere ... 
  which is a sure sign of our power being fascists - everyone knows how undemocratic governments are happy about protesters on the streets , right ? 
  well , if you are going to copy - paste the lies , it might be easier for you to just paste some link to them ... 
  if they are not anti-government , why are there signs calling for assassination of the kaczy\u0144ski there ? 
  or why are the organizers declaring their are aiming at shortening the term of the parliament ? ... 
  they have explicitly stated that over the weekend , you know . 
  that 's actually a nice example of media bias . 
  in the last eight years government managed to double our public debt , and a very large group of people is worse off than they were those eight years ago - and yet you heard only good things then . 
  and now we have the government that tries to do good for poland , not germany , and suddenly everyone is crying wolf ... 
  which does n't make sense . 
  the number of various scandals was also astounding , including denying the right to public vote on multiple issues ( there were literally millions of signatures for public vote over changes in pension age and school age , for example , and the last government decided they are worthless and threw them away ) , the public debt i already wrote about , and then there were things like one of the ministers ( currently eu commisar , bienkowska ) being recorded when she was talking about how only an idiot would work for 6000 zl or less ( which is _ more _ than what 90 % of poles earn ) ... 
   literally every worthwhile university law department in the country damned pis actions . 
  few nutjob professors does n't place truth `` somewhere in the middle '' . 
  name them , please . 
  because as far as i see , this is completely false ...  there is no question about that - law clearly states that someone becomes a judge when voted in . 
  it makes him/her independent from executive and legislative branches . 
  swearing ( or not ) only affects his/her ability to preside . 
  yeah ... no . 
  no it does n't . 
  what is more , the bills passed for electing them even state something completely different , as their term starts quite a long time after vote . 
   lso , judges of constitutional court are n't bound by the laws ( ustawy ) , only by constitution . 
  they can outright ignore them according to the ... constitution . 
  in a same way as judges of s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy i s\u0105dy apelacyjne are n't bound by decrees ( uchwa\u0142y ) only by constitution and laws ( ustawy ) . 
  this does n't even make sense from the law point of view , man ... 
  yup , and we shall ignore the fact that they have ruled on the bills they had no right to rule on , and happily accept that constitutional court is always right if it has the same opinion as you . 
   that 's a fake right-wing meme , portraying the government advertisement and propaganda actions as `` subsidies '' . 
  they include action to inform about six-year-olds going to school ; of course they could always use `` radio maryja '' over rmf fm to do that . 
  yeah , sure it makes perfect sense now !, 
  they were trying to spend the money on informing the population , by buying ads in the biggest newspapers hitting most people !, 
  ... only they did n't . 
  they were spending most of the money for ads in single newspaper , which is n't the biggest , or even the second biggest one in poland . 
  and it was always supportive of civil platform from the goodness of their collective hearts . 
  and the fact that right after new government decided to stop buying such ads there is a campaign on facebook to start buying that newspaper _ en masse _ , because it is on verge of financial collapse ... 
  pure coincidence , that !, 
  yup . 
  the only problem is , their were ( and are ) only alarmist about the chance of losing their own money/power , not about anything , y' know , bad ... 
  you are definitely living in different poland than the rest of us , as / u/nieuchwytnyuchwyt noticed , if you see propaganda efforts on behalf of pis ... 
  this is literally the last thing that can be said about their moves , really . 
  but the thing worth mentioning is that they got 40 % in general election , and 20 % in the opinions poll ... 
  paid for by their direct competition , nowoczesna , whose leader knew the results before the poll has even started . 
  so yeah , we will see ... 
   new goverment out right says that they do not care about current laws and constitution ( they broke it 3 or 4 times in 2 weeks ) , ironicaly their party is called `` law and justice '' :p source or it did n't happen ... 
  so far it seems that this is decidedly untrue . 
   about throwing away post-commies from polish services and government - i think he crossed the line here and there but the whole idea is n't wrong in my opinion . 
  the problem is - it should be done in 1990 , not now . 
  well , better late than never , as the saying goes . 
  i will try to chime in and explain this ( and i will probably try to stay around and explain other things about poland , polish people and polish politicians to the best of my ability ) . 
  his [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antoni_macierewicz ) ( in english ) is actually quite informative . 
  you can take a look there for a lot of valuable information . 
  for starters , in poland , which was ruled by communist party for quite some time , uprooting that influences is very divisive . 
  that 's because our transformation from communist rule to democracy was n't very ... well , was n't very clear-cut . 
  a lot of influence that was help by party in the earlier years passed over to democratic times , mostly more or less hidden .
