  it has human dna . 
  if it can become alive , it must be given a chance . 
  masturbating is n't the same as terminating a fetus because there 's no egg fertilised . 
  cum and an embryo are n't the same thing . 
  if you leave an embryo be inside a woman then 8-9 months later it 'll be a fully developed human . 
  if you leave cum ferment in your cumrag there will be no child . 
  if murdering children is european culture then i 'm not european . 
  that 's the point . 
  this is why voting should be for people above 25 years of age and for people who have a family . 
  voting to remain because you studied in a nearby eu country is absurd . 
  you do realize nato and the eu are different entities , right ? 
  if nato goes then we 're fucked even if we 're in the eu . 
   well you should be glad for the ussr !, 
  economically it 's leftist but culturally they 're right wing . 
  that 's why falangism , strasserism etc. 
  are often referred as third position politics . 
  fascism does not fit on the left-right spectrum . 
  hope you 're fucking proud . 
  enjoy your safe space continent , i hope brexit happens and this dictatorial regime collapses . 
  fact : wanting an independent estonia in 1975 was hate speech and associated with fascism . 
  fact : wanting no refugees inside europe in 2016 is hate speech and associated with nazism . 
   how can it get more right than this when you hear far right , you think about ovens , gas chambers , total governmental surveillance , and the total opposite of libertarianism . 
  the `` far right '' coined by the media does n't want to accept refugees or show even the slightest bit of nationalism . 
  you do n't have to commit crimes against humanity to get the quota to be 0 . 
  you do n't get it . 
  if you oppose immigration and want the quota to be 0 you 're already a far right intolerant extremist . 
  the swedish democrats are your basic bitch u.s. democrats that want less immigration into sweden and the media considers them far right . 
  you can only be right wing economically , social right wingers are nazis !, 
  in reality those evil !!, 
  ! cis white male !!!, 
  nationalists would ban promoting homosexuality in popular media and prohibit gay marriage , they 'd let them do their degenerate business in the shadows . 
  go ahead , expose your hypocrisy to the world , creating shocking public graffiti is okay as long as the evil nazi donald trump fascist xenophobe is being depicted , no matter how disgustingly . 
   both are socially conservative oh no , look at this inevitable similarity , better cut off all vegetarians from my life because hitler was vegetarian as well !, 
  evil far right hate preaching xenophobic racist misogynist nazis would n't stone homos , not allowing marriage ! = literally murdering, 
  go assad and stop aids is infinitely better than a graffiti of two men kissing . 
  elaborate . 
  heavy state intervention in the economy has n't been a right wing thing either . 
  instead of hating the two , why are n't you thinking about the people who want to pull out of the european union ? 
  people are saying that if a referendum happens , france will leave . 
  if a referendum would say that 50.1 % want out , why are n't you wondering why those people are angry in the first place , and why has n't the european union found a compromise with the french people ? 
  the european union has failed to negotiate with the people , either the eu reforms to become more democratic if you want to save it , or we get rid of the eu . 
  they are n't non-human robots walking around , these are people with genuine concerns , on both the right and the left . 
  she 's pretty much a socialist , who wants to control the borders and make the french people have pride again . 
  you know , trade unions , welfare programs , more regulations and so on , without multiculturalism . 
  that 's just a quick rundown though , it 's surely more complex than that . 
  you are geographically illiterate . 
  the entire reason why this subreddit allows discussions of turkey is because they control a small part of europe . 
  europe is a geographical concept , not an ideological one . 
  caucasian mountains that they could use as a natural wall to defend russia . 
  if they did n't annex whatever 's to the north of the caucasus mountains , an enemy force could station troops there before actual war begins , and the russians would have to fight on flat land . 
  the same reason why they want ukraine - they want to use the carpathian mountains as a defense mechanism . 
  they are n't going to shell grozny again over 100 homosexuals . 
  reeee it 's like romanian compared to spanish or french . 
  or swedish compared to dutch . 
  your entire line of argumentation is flawed . 
   if they have x ( a good thing my enemy wants , in this case less single parents ) then the cause behind it is y ( a bad thing my enemy does n't want , in this case socially liberal values )  haha fascist nazis bigots btfo how will they recover ???? 
  you have no proof that multiculturalism , acceptance of homosexuals and other such things are the cause behind strong families . 
  you simply see two unrelated phenomenons in front of you , but you conclude that these two phenomenons are related to each other - because you are not presented with other factors . 
  did western europe fall to communism like poland ? 
  no they did n't . 
  soviet children and western children were taught different values , and you can not undo generations of differing education in such a short amount of time . 
  and there are more factors at play here that i can not name right now , because i have n't studied why the rate of single parenthood is so different . 
  but i highly doubt it 's just because their society loves lgbt rights and multiculturalism . 
  stop 1984, 
  100 000 workers gone from estonia , 200 000 workers gone from lithuania , even more from poland , and they 're treating us like prostitutes by paying us to destroy ourselves . 
  we 'd be doing even better without the eu . 
  maybe it 's you who has something wrong , and not reddit ? 
  does n't this remind you of the `` si si si '' photograph with mussolini ? 
  the destruction of our people is a bigger threat than poor healthcare , high unemployment and inequality . 
  at least we will continue to exist as a people with poor healthcare and high unemployment , but our existence in the future is questionable if we decide to run a multicultural experiment . 
  if i had a choice between a completely medieval society with primitive healthcare and a multicultural society , i 'd still choose the medieval society , since at least our ancestors pulled through the medieval era while our people may not survive multiculturalism . 
  i 'd say the uk and the eu are n't really comparable , but even if they were you still chose a bad example . 
  [ here 's the fate of cornish speakers . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/cornish_language_shift.svg ) on the welsh :  welsh has been spoken continuously in wales throughout recorded history , but by 1911 it had become a minority language , spoken by 43.5 % of the population . 
  so imagine finnish becoming a minority language in finland , and imagine estonian slowly being pushed into a corner . 
  and if we 're going to look at multicultural nations that are supposed to give some rights to it 's member ethnicities , you can not cherry pick the least harmful while pretending that more harmful ones do n't exist . 
  what 's stopping the european union from adopting a cultural policy similar to russia 's ? 
  the russian federation is actively working to extinguish various finno-ugric languages , even though on paper the autonomous republics have some rights . 
  there 's nothing wrong with all the ethnicities of the world coming together and uniting in order to collectively defend their existence against groups which want to turn those ethnicities into a one grey indistinguishable mass . 
  the netherlands need to stay dutch , everything else is pointlessly arguing about things that do n't matter in the long run . 
  politics are n't about left vs right anymore , it 's nationalism vs globalism now . 
  even if geert 's program was one sentence and the globalist opposition 's program was 100 pages long , geert still would need to win . 
  first we need to thwart the globalist threat , and then we can start having petty arguments about taxes , roads , welfare programs and the free market again after the danger looming over our people has subsided . 
  how is wilders bad for the dutch ? 
  he 's the best thing the dutch could get , everyone else is setting the well being of dutch people second while wilders is putting the dutch first . 
  turks are not dutch . 
  but seriously we ca n't let geert get the nuclear codes, 
  the madman did it . 
  just as when / r/europe thought geert is done for because of the polls , his competition deliberately makes a big mess that 's going to give him a boost . 
  comedy gold, 
  i have n't denied the holocaust once in this thread . 
  really made me think really stimulated my neural network really activated my almonds really made me ponder, 
  good . 
  it 's been 26 years - have to assimilate !, 
  friends do n't force you to become `` progressive '' when your country 's people do n't want to . 
   technically europe is a part of asia except that 's wrong . 
  europe is a part of eurasia . 
  not an argument . 
  you have an agenda of diversifying up europe , you 're a masochist , that 's why you 're pretending that asian steppe dwellers and somalians are european . 
  it 's not in the european part of turkey , it 's in asia minor .
