sweden is becoming more and more like a third world refugee camp . 
  eu makes some of the stupidest laws . 
  from banning cinnamon buns to banning normal light-bulbs , their lawmakers are extremely stupid . 
  european union should stay european . 
  this is why i am against turkey joining , they might have land in europe but their culture is n't european . 
  kids go to school alone since like age 6 or 7 , i can never understand parents who let their kid do that . 
  where 's the lead shower ? 
  konstantin p\u00e4ts , dictator of estonia who gave the country away without firing a single shot . 
  `` we are famous !!, 
  estonian empire 2014 ! '', 
  born 13k , dead 15k . 
  please do n't ruin our whitetopia . 
   i was raised muslim your opinion and whatever you wrote after that is invalid . 
  you wo n't be neutral and unbiased when discussing these things . 
  only about 5 % of the germans supported the nsdap , and look what happened in 1939 . 
  there is no guarantee that this ca n't happen again with different people . 
  they will once they realize that the infidel kuffars are at the verge of being exterminated . 
  they wo n't be loyal , they will jump sides to fight with muslim extremists . 
  you 're a one deluded person . 
  isis wants to weaponize the `` poor '' muslim minorities in europe to further liquidate the infidels . 
  why would they kill their own kin ? 
  having no muslim minorities inside europe will make their eurasian conquest a lot harder because there wo n't be support in the countries they want to invade . 
  there should be , adding the republic in the end is a mouthful . 
  estonians just say tsehhi , but the english just have to add the republic in the end . 
  replacing core words like `` why '' `` with '' `` yes '' `` no '' `` because '' and so on is destroying the language . 
  this is n'tki estoniani language when i sodomizeerin languaget like this, 
  estonia bad cuz no legal drugs lol btw patriotism is stupid i hate dis country but luv my bros, 
  knowing english is n't a bad thing on it 's own , speaking foreign languages is an important tool . 
  the bad thing is mixing foreign languages into your own mother tongue , sodomizing it in the process . 
  the only bad things about tallinn is the cement block russian area and the size of the city - only about 150 square kilometres . 
  do n't know about funland , but here it 's the `` cool '' language . 
  it 's cool for teenagers to use english phrases while talking estonian , i feel completely destroyed when people do that . 
  finnish people probably do that too ... and swedish , and russian , and danish , and german , and polish ... [ look at this fucking abortion , this article is entitled `` go fuck yourself , estonia '' . 
  it 's filled with english words and phrases and the author switches to english randomly , you might be able to understand 1/5 of this ] ( http://nihilist.fm/kai-putsi-eesti-riik/ ), 
  all the english ... show some pride , brothers . 
  basketball and most suicides in europe . 
  get a fucking lyfe dude the comment is 2 months old, 
  you said that nations under soviet influence were threatened with violence if they left and that any country can leave the eu , i refute this by saying that instead of using weapons the eu uses psychological manipulation/ideological subversion and gave you a video where a kgb defector describes it better than i could . 
  instead of using tanks and terror to keep them inside the eu , they use ideological subversion . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx3ezcvj2xa yuri bezmenov is talking about the us , but i find that right now this video could be applied to europe as well . 
  important decisions are made in brussels and the member states can not say no . 
  the thing is destroying the sovereignty of individual states . 
  we were never able to punish the vandals that did the bronze night , we had to give them money instead because the eu thinks we 're oppressing the oh so poor minority . 
  britain has to give millions of pounds every year to the eu to develop backwards shitholes like estonia and poland . 
  some of the leading figures there even want to punish poland with sanctions for not accepting refugees , hopefully that wo n't happen though . 
  with the way things are going , i see the v4 breaking off of the eu and many eastern european nations joining them instead along with britain going it 's own way . 
  nice ad hominem you got there friend keep it up with those cutting edge counterarguments . 
  http://www.naturalhealth365.com/cfl_light_bulbs.html/ the references are in the end of the article . 
  not to mention that cfl lights look dull , unnatural and for me personally , they make me sleepy . 
  britain has to give money to the eu , and that money is distributed to mostly eastern europe . 
  while i do gain from it , britain would be better off if it left . 
  eastern european nations like hungary and poland are looked down upon for not accepting refugees , i do n't care if you support the refugees or not , the eu has no right to force them upon a nation if a nation does n't want to accept them . 
  dumb laughable rules are made in the eu , like that one time when they banned normal light bulbs in favor of those eco-light bulbs because the new bulbs consume less energy but cause cancer more . 
  or that one time when they banned cinnamon buns and denmark had to sneak past that . 
  and they force their retarded laws upon member states . 
  i clearly remember when the bronze night happened and the prime minister promised us that he will punish the vandals . 
  but he did n't , the eu forced us to actually give the vandals money for `` mistreating '' them , they literally caused a billion dollars in damages and they also got paid for acting like neanderthals . 
  like you can do something about it , your soviet union 2.0 is going to collapse and there 's nothing you can do . 
  switzerland yes, 
  do you really want to go over the rigarimoo again ? 
  it 's my bad wording/english , but you probably deduced that i meant human cells that have the dna that are a result of fresh dna replication ( or maybe you did n't , which is fine ) . 
  by that i mean father 's genes + mother 's genes + independent mutations in one cell that has sprung up from a sperm cell and an egg cell combining into one . 
  but since i did n't bring it up i 'm not going to give you a hard time about that . 
  let 's look at it in another way . 
  if a fertilised egg enters an inhospitable environment then it 's either rejected by the body which can not be helped , or it has been removed using deliberate action which can be helped . 
  sperm can become a fertilised egg if there 's effort put into getting the sperm into the egg . 
  if you do n't do anything to sperm it will not develop to it 's next stage . 
  sperm has to physically reach an egg to have the chance to become human . 
  a fertilised egg can start developing if it 's left alone in the uterus . 
  forcibly removing the fertilised egg/embryo/fetus is murder because not doing anything to it and leaving it be will eventually result in a fully functioning human . 
  the egg/embryo/fetus does n't have to physically reach any location to advance to it 's next stage . 
  sperm = has to physically reach the egg to become a human . 
  a fertilised egg/embryo/fetus = does not have to physically reach a location to become human . 
  or another : a human skin cell can not become a fully developed human , even if it has human dna . 
  a fertilised egg is not a fully developed human , but given time it can become a human . 
  no other human cell can transform into a new human being on it 's own . 
  stop with these leftist mind games of defining simple things and playing dumb . 
  if sperm has fertilised an egg , that egg becomes an early human that must be protected . 
  leaving sperm be in some cumrag wo n't give life to a human . 
  we get to survive the kali yuga . 
  merely the establishment trying to siphon votes away from le pen . 
  what i meant is that the cells of the fetus have dna that 's both from the mother and the father . 
  your sperm has only your genetic information and can not develop without fertilisation . 
  the mental gymnastics socialists do , everyone . 
  someone 's life is at stake here so yes it is my business . 
  it has a human genome and can become a fully functional human being , given time . 
  and if the person knows that contraceptives are n't 100 % effective , then s/he also knows that one of the consequences is an unwanted pregnancy . 
  uncomfortable question for you : why did the woman let a child into her uterus in the first place ? 
  why did n't she exercise self restraint and/or use more protection ? 
  the woman has trapped a child inside her , and the child can not leave her body without dying . 
  so she decides to kill a child she invited into herself . 
  would you kidnap a person , tie him up , leave him in your house and then kill him for not leaving your house ? 
  it is the fault of the human who was so selfish that they had to have sex without taking the consequences into consideration . 
  so you admit defeat . 
  thanks for being honest and seeing the error in your ways . 
  it 's denying someone a life , which is immoral . 
  you would n't kill a person who has passed out either . 
  also , natural death/early miscarriage is different from murdering just for convenience . 
  the former ca n't be helped , the latter is intentionally denying someone from living . 
  there 's a difference between natural death and getting rid of a person for convenience .
