  `` to effect [ woman 's ] emancipation and make her the equal of man , '' he wrote in 1919 , two years after the revolution , following the marxist theories that underlaid soviet communism , `` it is necessary to be socialized and for women to participate in common productive labor . 
  then woman will be the equal of man . 
  kingdom of hungary controlled croatia . 
  source : europa universalis 4, 
  that 's an extremely simplistic way of looking at things . 
  someone 's national belonging and/or ethnicity is a part of someone 's identity , just like gender , religion , ideology etc. 
  the only way you can end conflicts forever is by making everyone have the same universal identity . 
  no one must deviate from anyone , be it sexually , ethnically , religiously , ideologically or in any other form . 
  you are going to need 1984 . 
   they might not have done it what are the chances ? 
  0.01 % are innocent at most . 
  the taxpayer still has to provide for all the pedophiles , serial killers and rapists who actually committed crimes . 
  it 's not even 50/50 guilty and innocent , we 're talking microscopic percentages of innocent prisoners while the overwhelming majority outnumber those few innocents . 
  how can you justify making law abiding citizens provide for the most grotesque psychopaths ? 
   slippery slope why has n't that happened in the united states ? 
  why did n't it happen in all the european countries before it was outlawed ? 
  why should it specifically result in a slippery slope this time ? 
  i just do n't believe that 's going to happen . 
   cheap labour a good idea indeed , however with automation right around the corner what work could they really do ? 
  clean toilets ? 
  they will make robots for that . 
  work at a retirement home ? 
  i would n't trust a killer of 13 people to watch after my grandmother . 
  / r/europe would be the loudest one accusing turkey of undemocratic authoritarianism if turkey banned german and dutch citizens residing in turkey from voting in european referendums . 
  do n't you people see the hipocrisy ? 
  saying `` i support the death penalty in territory not governed by germany '' is unconstitutional ? 
  the german constitution does not apply to turkey . 
  unless you 're talking about the genuine chromosomal outliers , what 's `` retarded '' is subjective . 
  so what 's your counter argument , besides `` every human is precious and valuable , he just made a mistake '' ? 
  [ before ] ( https://puu.sh/vgand/a8473b9eb5.jpg ) [ after ] ( https://puu.sh/vgapf/7a7aee206c.jpg ) obama 's birth certificate is real , the reason why you can move the text around is because of a compression algorithm . 
  such an algorithm could be used in the cayman islands document as well . 
  you can download obama 's birth certificate from an official white house website and you can move the text around there too . 
  [ gon na believe what the papers say , or are you going to investigate the source yourself ? 
  ] ( http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/124142268 ), 
  does he want everyone to use the cayman islands instead , just like he does ? 
  e : to anyone saying it 's fake because you can move the text of that picture in illustrator - you can move the text in obama 's birth certificate around too . 
  this is because of a compression algorithm , it does n't mean it 's fake . 
  [ before ] ( https://puu.sh/vgand/a8473b9eb5.jpg ) [ after ] ( https://puu.sh/vgapf/7a7aee206c.jpg ), 
  poem about southern europe -- gim me gim me chicken tendies , be they crispy or from wendys . 
  spend my hard-earned good-boy points , on kid 's meal ball pit burger joints . 
  mummy lifts me to the car , to find me tendies near and far . 
  enjoy my tasty tendie treats , in comfy big boy booster seats . 
  mcdonald 's , hardee 's , popeye 's , cane 's , but of my tendies none remains . 
  she tries to make me take a nappy , but sleeping does n't make me happy . 
  tendies are the only food , that puts me in the napping mood . 
  i 'll scream and shout and make a fuss , i 'll scratch , i 'll bite , i 'll even cuss !, 
  tendies are my heart 's desire , fueled by raging , hungry fire . 
  mummy sobs and wails and cries , but tears are n't tendies , nugs or fries . 
  my good-boy points were fairly earned , to buy the tendies that i 've yearned . 
  but there 's no tendies on my plate !, 
  did mummy think that i 'd just ate ? 
  `` tendies tendies get them now , you fat , ungrateful , sluggish sow ! '', 
  i screech while hurling into her eyes , my foul-smell bowel-dwelling diaper surprise . 
  for she who is un-pooped on is she who remembers : never forget my chicken tenders . 
  soviet buildings would be plain , cheap looking cement blocks with rough edges . 
  the buildings in the op are circular and have a unique texture . 
  `` generation identity '' , by markus willinger . 
  a relatively short read . 
  check the edit on my original post too fam, 
  that looks like a few hundred people at least . 
  i would n't say that 's barely any ... 
  barely any would be 20 larpers surrounded by 400 protesters . 
  if i had n't looked at your english translation , i would have translated it into estonian like this : ta katsus katust , kui k\u00e4rbes tapeti tapeedil - he touched the roof when a fly on the wallpaper was killed . 
  when i said this two months ago i got downvoted to -70 and was promptly banned for a month . 
  look how the tables have turned . 
  99.9 % of all human history before the french revolution = xenophobia . 
   the average redditor thinks that more books = more intelligence you ca n't make this shit up . 
  harry potter and other such fiction books are entertainment just like movies and games . 
  just because you read youth literature does n't mean you 're somehow smart . 
  just because sharia is traditionalist does n't mean it 's european traditionalism , which we desire . 
  it 's like arguing that organisms which need oxygen are actually projecting their need for helium - they can not survive in neither a vacuum nor in an atmosphere filled with helium , they need an oxygen rich atmosphere . 
  same applies for european people , we can not survive in an egalitarian or a sharia society , we need traditionalism which is suited for europeans . 
  we need to undo the values of the french revolution if we want europeans to survive . 
  he is denying his masculinity if he 's not providing for his wife and children or working towards it . 
  you sure the old and educated will have a higher turnout rate than the populists ? 
  the populist voter base is generally more enthusiastic and loyal than the centrist voter base , simply because the populist base cares about politics more . 
  he 's absolutely correct you know . 
  if an european has any sense of what 's going on , they know that scandinavians and germans absolutely love to deconstruct every accepted social norm , because that 's progressive for them . 
  if one painter paints beautiful greenfields and villages , and another painter flings period blood at the canvas because that is `` unique and avant-garde '' , then poland is the former , while scandinavia , germany , the uk , netherlands and france are the latter . 
  estonia is the impressionable young child who sees all the praise the `` avant garde '' artist gets , so he becomes interested in this art revolving around shock and `` deconstructing archaic norms '' as well . 
  yes , this should n't even be a question . 
  the german and swedish subreddits will love to discuss this though , believe me . 
  russia is n't third world , have some respect for yourself . 
  according to that list , finland had one in 2004 , and two in the 1930s , yet finland is not coloured . 
  map is still bad . 
  estonia does n't have tornadoes , yet we are orange on that map . 
  6000 people in one high school alone ? 
  my peanut brain can hardly comprehend that . 
  my school that had grades 1-12 had around 600-800 people total , in tallinn . 
  at most i 'd expect a school with grades 1-12 to have 1500 people . 
  8000 people sounds like hell . 
  unleash the military police , be ruthless and do n't show mercy . 
  these people can not be reasoned with , the only reason why they 're rioting is because they want to break shit and cause chaos , they want to `` feel alive '' since life is too boring for them . 
  such brutes can only be controlled with violence and harsh punishments . 
  more does not mean better . 
  i never said i want free shit . 
  i want to buy things i need with my own money . 
  i want to form a contract with an insurance company specialising in policing , i want to crowdfund roads with my neighbourhood , and the currency used is decided by the parties signing the contract . 
  bitcoin is n't controlled by any government , yet you can buy products and services with it right now . 
   because if we had them without taxes , then only those that paid for them could use them , like the largest of business .
