  how many posts of vladivostok and french south america do you see here ? 
  most southern europeans do . 
  ankara is n't in europe ... 
  if i had to choose between jewish lives and my own life , then obviously i 'm going to choose myself . 
  `` fake post !, 
  fake post !, 
  stop reading fake news !, 
  fake fake fake ! '', 
  t. socialists on / r/europe, 
   look , poland has a lot of civil unrest , believe me guys !, 
  i highly doubt this narrative is true . 
  the globalist media is simply trying to paint one of the few nationalist countries as an evil north korea tier oppressor where no one is happy ( even though the majority of poles support the government ) . 
  haha , 2.5 to 6.99 . 
  and these liberals here think they 're 100 % right, 
  i do n't remember jihads in europe in the 19th century . 
  because the rest of europe is going into the 11th century . 
  i am triggered by everyone being able to vote . 
  democracy is soft communism that will , given time , regress our society into a primitive state since a huge mass of people is able to force the 49 % into doing what the 51 % wants . 
  this system hinders breakthoughs since such an `` equal '' society brings everyone down to the lowest common denominator . 
  not to mention that everyone having a say in how the state is run is a completely inorganic system , and unhealthy to the human psyche . 
  traditionally , only the priests and the warriors had to worry how the state is run , and the vast majority of society only had to concentrate on their work , their family , their community . 
  when everyone needs to make political decisions , we will only create turmoil wituin our society , our people will resent each other and this makes us vulnerable to more traditionally minded societies , like china where confucian philosophy is anything but individualistic . 
  if you want to see egalitarianism debunked from a capitalist perspective , look for `` democracy : the god that failed '' by hans hermann hoppe . 
  if you want to see egalitarianism debunked from a traditionalist perspective , look for `` revolt against the modern world '' and `` men among the ruins '' by julius evola - the first chapters of his book `` ride the tiger '' also talks about why irreligiosity and so called ` freedom ' is poisonous . 
  no , we just follow instructions with strict discipline . 
  lithuanians fell to the soviet union too and they 're still more religious than us , simply because the lithuanians are less likely to follow foreign orders . 
  even russians who were at the centre of the ussr are way more religious than us . 
  estonians and latvians always ask `` now that we 're independent , what will happen to us without a master ? 
  we need a new leader ! '', 
  while lithuanians are much more opposed to this line of thought . 
  this is the end result of 700 years of genetic engineering to create the perfect obedient slave , there 's no other explanation . 
  you make the association with fascism because it was the final traditionalist resistance against egalitarianism . 
  fascism and national socialism themselves were mutated versions of traditionalism , but it was the best they had at the time ( japan was the most traditional out of them all ) . 
  they barely touched spiritual and mental races , and instead focused on the purely physical , genetical races . 
  they were dictatorships , not monarchies consisting of warriors and religious ascetics . 
  because it was the last dying convulsion of traditionalism , modern society immediately thinks of the nazis when traditionalist ideas are mentioned , both the right and the left . 
  this is why you have / r/beholdthemasterrace tier `` nationalists '' running around who may be racially pure but spiritually they 're untermenschen when compared to some completely non-european isolated tribes living in south america . 
  are university students the 1 % for you ? 
  petty bourgeoisie are the youths who love marxism , or `` democratic socialism '' , social democracy , or leftism in general , and feel that the evil capitalists exploit the workers because the youths want to control more material goods . 
  none of them are workers themselves , actual workers who produce something live outside the cities and retain at least a little bit of pride and traditional values . 
  these marxists masquerade as `` workers '' while they 're actually government bureaucrats ( teachers , social workers , alphabet soup agencies ) who suck up taxpayer money , at most they 're wageslaves who run cash registers or take food orders without creating any goods . 
  the 1 % is n't opposed to communism though , as long as they can dupe the young marxists into creating an authoritarian state where the 1 % are the new nobles with absolute power . 
  they do fear pure capitalism without government though , since that means small businesses/startups can not be stopped using lobbyists and patents . 
  petty bourgeois is also the class whose only purpose in life is to consume more and more , and to collect more and more wealth . 
  they 're completely disconnected from the ways of their forebears and they 've been totally subsumed into the neoliberal worldview where only material wealth matters . 
  these are the people who point at a 1 % decrease in gdp and panic since all of their political opinions revolve around the economy , or `` fighting for women , minorities , refugees and lgbt people '' which in reality is a narcissistic attempt at winning social brownie points . 
  they have no higher purpose , no pride of any sort , only goal is money and looking like a good person while spiritually being an opportunistic ghoul , no more virtuous than a jackal who just wants a meal to feel fulfilled and nothing else . 
  this person is n't much different from the average communist or socialist who wants to `` seize the means of production '' because he just wants more material goods . 
  the petty bourgeois bugman and the communist are like cousins , in contrast to the aristocrat of the soul who feels a deeper connection with a higher power as well as their ancestors ' folkways . 
  see also : soyboy, 
  communism wins once again . 
  i hope the poles do n't give up and push the multiculturalists out of their country . 
  the only ones protesting are the spoiled petty bourgeois cosmopolitans in the big cities who want the entire country to be one big `` tolerant '' and `` progressive '' mess just like their university campuses . 
  wonder why this isnt on the front page of / r/europe tbh fams, 
  500 $ notes are more useful than those fucking 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  13 years my good man . 
  i would have preferred going through the same path as finland tbh fam, 
  organic immigration is n't this drastic . 
  organic and healthy immigration occurs slowly , and it 's mostly from neighbouring regions . 
  if you turn your youth from under 5 % foreign to ~ 35 % foreign in one century then you will have major , major problems . 
  absolutas kreisas, 
   germany won ww1 but then latvians and estonians would have lived in an apartheid german state , god damn it 's like you 've never played kaiserreich . 
  how am i denying their right to family life ? 
  the state is n't coming in and saying `` no , you can not live together , if you 're a homosexual couple living together you 're off to jail ! '', 
  they can very well enjoy a family life , it 's just that their legal married status is n't recognised . 
  just like how latvia does n't recognise ramadan as a special event - just because the republic of latvia does n't recognise ramadan does n't mean people ca n't take part in ramadan . 
  homosexuals should n't be killed , or jailed , or tortured for being homosexuals . 
  i simply am against homosexual marriage being recognised by the state . 
  does that make me a piece of shit who denies human rights ? 
  `` piece of shit '' is subjective . 
  how do you objectively define that ? 
  to me people who promote this unhealthy hedonistic sexual lifestyle are `` pieces of shits '' , why should n't you be shut down ? 
  so being homosexual is a side effect of poverty ? 
  which consequently means that homosexuality is indeed a choice ? 
  very possible , since the data backs your hypothesis up !, 
   99.8 % of lesbian , gay and bisexual teens will change their sexual orientation within 13 years . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26048483 also :  up to 50 % of lesbians have reported sexual abuse . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9360290  gay men are 60x more likely to have hiv than straight men . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3462414/  46 % of male homosexuals report being molested , as compared to only 7 % of heterosexual men . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11501300  gays are more likely than straight people to have mental illness . 
  source : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2072932/, 
  how can you conclude that they selectively picked poor gay families and well off straight families ? 
  you have 0 proof . 
   muh hate muh fear muh happy muh sad stop being an emotional wreck and look at the [ facts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zgvopy1.jpg ), 
  [ just lol , debunking this meme is entry level ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zgvopy1.jpg ), 
   politicians are technologically educated you 're basing this off from what ? 
  former president posting on twitter ? 
  t. guy who treats scientists as shamans, 
  b-but bernie said the minimum wage in scandinavia is 15 dollars wtf, 
   you 're alt-right no i 'm not , and if you actually knew what the alt-right was you 'd know that richard `` holodomor did n't happen '' spencer supports the eu . 
   w-why are you eurosceptic how could you possibly suggest such a thing well here it is . 
  p r o g r e s s i v e, 
  finally a real opposition !, 
  read some evola and rene gu\u00e9non  ) ) ) ) e : read spengler read burke read the unabomber manifesto, 
  i 've already tried `` going outside '' and trying to forget , however i am already in too deep . 
  only death or extreme brainwashing can change me now . 
  do n't get me wrong , i want to be a typical early 20s leftist , i want to genuinely believe women are as strong as men , or that all races are equal , or that monarchy is just an outdated idea and democracy is clearly superior , or that atheism is the way to go , or that free love and polygamy is completely normal and healthy , i want to believe all those things . 
  believing those things would make me a much happier person . 
  but i 've just looked into things too much and there 's no going back to what i once believed . 
  a step in the right direction , but still not ideal .
