  ideally we would all believe in native european paganism , but christianity is a good start too . 
  an europe thinking that it can now reject traditionalism because `` they know better '' will simply succumb to foreign cultures which respect the world of tradition . 
  modern egalitarians/democrats are comparable to bratty teenagers who think they 're smarter than their parents . 
  the crisis of the western world is clearly represented first by our abysmal birth rates , secondly by our weimar germany-esque moral degeneration and thirdly by our complete disrespect towards everything epistemological and ontological . 
  if you want european culture to survive it 's in your best interest to embrace european traditional values and reject the impotent and infertile idea of `` love , tolerance and equality '' , which in reality is plain masochism and eternal guilt . 
  i can write in depth diatribes upon diatribes that point out why we need to fight fire with fire instead of being sitting ducks , i 've tried it before , but every time the readers clog their ears and shout meme words that `` refute '' arguments in favour of traditionalism , be it either racist or bigot or any - ist or - phobe . 
  it 's as if people 's capability to even think about anything remotely controversial has been completely snuffed out . 
  xenophilia is n't any better . 
  i wish more people realised this . 
  if everything to the right of progressive social democracy is fascism , then that word loses all meaning . 
  humans rights are a meme that prevent people from reaching their glory . 
  e : https://www.amazon.com/beyond-human-rights-alain-benoist/dp/1907166203, 
  have a nice war intermarium ca n't come sooner, 
  the alternative to taxes is the voluntary exchange of goods and services . 
  welfare should be replaced by private voluntary charity . 
  by science as a religion i mean treating everything scientists say as the word of god . 
  i am not talking about objective scientific truth itself , i 'm thinking of the scientists . 
  it 's ridiculous what nonsense gets released as peer reviewed papers today , there are peer reviewed papers released all the time which contain omitted information , obfuscated data and poor quality samples . 
  scientists manipulate science to get their desired results this way . 
  if one side of society claims `` white radical christian terrorism on the rise '' and the other side claims `` terrorism at it 's highest in years , the cause is muslims '' while both sides cite scientific data , then how can we depend on science at all ? 
  in the age of science you can hold two contradictory opinions at the same time while citing science to argue for both opinions . 
  scientists have their uses , but right now they 're being treated as literal shamans communicating with a dimensional plane incomprehensible to us . 
  people who have some mental illness or deviation in the modern world are treated as sick people who need prescriptions of mind numbing ssris , which effectively disables their brains . 
  in a more traditional age these people would have been shamans , and not only would these mentally ill people have a higher quality of life , the communities as a whole would be way happier and content with their existence too . 
  we are substituting shamans/religion/occultism with scientists who will feed us convenient nonsense just like how the shamans did , except the benefits of shamanism are n't felt in society because their tales are allegedly rooted in hard reality and not otherworldly realms . 
  in the modern world all the magic and mystery is gone , which leaves us with a society of depression , short sighted hedonism to compensate for the bleakness , and escapism . 
  if we would lower our dependence on robotic government bureaucracy and instead shift these burdens to families and communities who all know each other , the mental health crisis of the modern world would gradually fix itself without the need for xanax , adderall , ritalin or other mental bandaids that do n't actually fix the problem . 
  people today feel alienated and discontent because real life personal relationships are n't a necessity anymore , the state is ready to step up to the plate and provide welfare that has traditionally been voluntarily provided by local communities . 
  i steered away from the topic at hand and lost myself into writing an essay on my phone for 40 minutes , so i apologise if this seems like rambling . 
  i assure you that our society would be more advanced if we had anarcho capitalism . 
  yes it is . 
  taxation is theft . 
  and i do believe in science , but i do n't treat it as a substitute for religion . 
  authoritarianism means forcing people to do something they do n't want to do , in the simplest sense . 
  just because vaccines are good does n't mean it is n't authoritarian when we force people to get vaccinated . 
   the only reason why people dislike eu is putin is putin going to use france to impose sanctions on poland ? 
  did putin make merkel accept millions of refugees ? 
  did putin make the eu a behemoth of bureaucracy where there is an excessive amount of institutions and commissions ? 
  is putin responsible for all the shit decisions the eu has made ? 
  the funniest thing is that germany wants to build nord stream ii while eastern eu members are saying this helps russia . 
  the main force in the eu is actually helping putin while the same people who greenlighted this project are accusing us of helping putin because we want to take our countries back from an authoritarian regime that 's no different from the soviet union . 
  but at least in the soviet union people secretly knew how fucked everything was , in this current authoritarian regime they 've perfected their modus operandi so much that people actually think for real that this regime is good . 
  they 've realised they can infringe on our freedoms all they want as long as there 's an abundance of food and mind numbing entertainment . 
  we ca n't own weapons like slaves , there 's no freedom of speech , the central government is moving hostile foreigners into the eu instead of going to war with the human smugglers who allow refugees to reach us in the first place , and the few people who realise how fucked this is are racist nazi fascist homophonic transphobic xenophobic bigots and are figuratively burned at the stake . 
  i 'm genuinely convinced the time for arguments has already passed , since whenever an argument is presented the other side shouts putin without thinking for themselves for one second . 
  it 's like i 'm arguing with a rock . 
  how delusional can you get holy shit . 
  in a civilisation where god is dead having a golden age is impossible . 
  all spirituality , metaphysics and theology is rejected and morality is reduced to `` thou shalt '' and `` thou shalt not '' . 
  you ca n't sustain a society like this and the only `` golden age '' you 're going to get is a whirlwind of selfish hedonism before everything collapses on itself . 
  adding authoritarian demands definitely wo n't increase euroscepticism . 
  [ my statement ] ( https://youtu.be/ah0vifswdxi?t=4m10s ), 
  yeah , props to belarus for that one , more songs should be like that . 
  getting into music like this is a popularity contest in the first place , and i do n't have the charisma . 
  they 're not as bad as muslims but they still are n't integrating . 
  there 's a reason why the cheapest apartments are in ida-virumaa - the entire county is ridden with slavic crime and drug addiction . 
  92 % of people infected with hiv/aids are russian , so even though estonians rarely have hiv , we 're still on top of the leaderboard in the eu when it comes to proportional statistics . 
  you take tallinn , you look that district # 1 is 70 % russian and district # 2 is 50 % russian . 
  elections roll around and you look at the geographic division of votes - 72 % of district # 1 and 52 % of district # 2 voted for the socialist russian party . 
  russians vote for their own party 95 % of the time , while estonian votes are divided between 5-6 parties , which means that even though russians are 24 % of the population , the largest party in estonia is the socialist russian party and they have an extremely high proportion of power . 
  i do n't get right wingers who say `` well at least they 're not muslims , let the slavs in ! '', 
  because the slavs will never integrate , we will just become minorities in our own countries just like how western europeans will become minorities . 
  the conquerors are just different . 
  mhm, 
  i watched it for 30 minutes and i have to ask - how do people even enjoy this anymore ? 
  i used to like this when i was younger but now , every single song is exactly the same . 
  everything is so cliche that it 's ridiculous , i was listening to bulgaria 's song and the first thing i thought was that i can make this using fl studio in an hour . 
  i also do n't get it why everything has to be sung in english , it 's like they 're trying to be as forgettable as possible . 
  it 's like listening to top 20 radio hits , except these are knockoffs and will be forgotten in a month . 
  to top it all off , during the one `` break '' i saw there was a totally unnecessary celebrate diversity segment with some mulatto guy proclaiming `` i love diversity it 's the best thing ever '' , and obviously the audience cheered . 
  i really love this diversity where all the countries show off how good their languages can sound in songs , that 's definitely what we 're seeing tonight here . 
  the only thing i like is the live commentary on raadio 2 here where the two hosts get drunk and laugh their asses off at their own jokes . 
  we definitely are n't due for another ice age guys believe me , it 's only warmer and warmer from here on out . 
  honestly if you do n't think bill nye is god you should be sent to re education camps tbqh damn bigot . 
   ghettos made by slavs parts of tallinn , maardu , narva , kohtla j\u00e4rve , daugavpils , parts of riga , parts of vilnius . 
  0/10 try again, 
   communist party really makes me think, 
  nationalism , patriotism and disdain for the state are three different things . 
  my argument is anti-state , not anti-nationalist . 
  people can voluntarily be nationalist without a state . 
  nationalism does not mean love for your country , it means love for your ethnicity - your people 's history , culture , language and the community where your people live . 
  love for a country i.e. 
  a government would be patriotism - most of / r/europe is patriotic but disdains nationalism . 
  patriotism and anti-statism are incompatible , nationalism and anti-statism are perfectly compatible . 
  le pen is far from ideal , but she was the best we had . 
  if le pen would have won , a layer of statism would have been eliminated ( that being the eu , only the french state would have remained in the way ) , thus making fighting statism easier in the future . 
  getting france to leave the eu would have been a small step towards further munincipalisation . 
  and communism is n't ? 
  i really hope you 're living in/emigrating to canada or california , instead of pushing your internationalist ideology on people who wish to remain nationalist . 
  are people really this lobotomised that they can not understand that an abstract political institution may not necessarily represent the individual towns , villages , cities and persons ? 
  this idea that the state is the collective manifestation of individual desires is what allows statism to survive . 
  this is a short term victory for the political institution called the european union , and a short term loss for decentralisation , private property rights and the freedom to do what you want without harming others . 
  you 'll remember this one day when the behemoth that is the united states of europe extorts unprecedented amounts of wealth from you , dictates who you must offer your services to and declares the interests of politicians and bureaucrats to be of higher value than the interests of citizens who mostly rely on the voluntary exchange of goods . 
  e : not like i did n't expect this to happen , a massive munincipalisaton movement must begin from the bottom and threaten the upper echelons of the bureaucracy and politicians . 
  come back down from the clouds and realise there are right wingers in europe too . 
  the entire european continent is n't this subreddit . 
  1960s in the usa ? 
  just because it was n't a conventional war does n't mean it was n't a conflict of identities . 
  or , the russian revolution where the communists emphasised equal rights for women ? 
   vladimir lenin , who led the bolsheviks to power in the october revolution , recognized the importance of women 's equality in the soviet union ( ussr ) they established .
