  implying the only group with any purchasing power is big business . 
  why can you buy an iphone for 700 $ right now ? 
  does the government set that price ? 
  no , the iphone 's price is decided by the market . 
  why would services be any different ? 
  do i really have to go over basic economics right now ? 
  example : if insurance company 1 sells a police service for 1000 $ a month but only 10 % of the population can afford it , then another capitalist can found insurance company 2 and offer a police service for 500 $ a month which is much more affordable and thus 70 % of the population can be covered . 
  the owner of insurance company 2 sees this and lowers his prices as well because he wants his company to stay competitive . 
  the owner of insurance company 2 is then encouraged to lower his prices as well and so on . 
  in combination with basic supply and demand a market equilibrium is reached where the prices stabilise . 
   why do you get to use the roads that you did n't help get built ? 
   landlord : fine if you do n't give me your money , i will force you to be homeless ''  you : rent is theft the difference is that i 'm voluntarily giving my money to the landlord . 
  i choose what apartment i rent . 
  if i want the rent to be lower and the landlord does n't agree then i 'll be in the market for another apartment . 
  never have i said that i want free things given to me , stop making things up . 
   police , roads , currency do you really believe we would n't have those things without taxation ? 
  your logic is essentially `` fine , if you do n't give me your money , i will force you into hiding and isolate you from people . '', 
  because that money is being extorted from it 's rightful owners against their will and under the threat of aggression . 
  `` throwing money into a pot that serves everyone '' would be using voluntary foundations and crowdfunding . 
  if something is genuinely needed then the people who need that service need to buy it themselves . 
  if you need government programs to get something funded it is n't needed in the first place . 
  welfare works best through private charity . 
  also , what seems rather illogical to me is that you take individuals who earn different amounts of money , group them together under the label `` everyone '' , and then distribute most of the money down stream to the lower class while the middle and upper classes barely benefit . 
  i hate eating after waking up . 
  i only drink coffee and then eat 3-5 hours later in the afternoon . 
  no one cares as long as you 're not uploading estonian media . 
  no one has been fined for just downloading content as far as i know . 
  the mafia also takes a portion of your income as a `` necessary fee '' . 
  the average western european has become domesticated and complacent , he avoids confrontation whenever possible and has never pushed a dispute in his life . 
  of course no one will think that taxation is theft even if it 's the most logical conclusion , that creates conflict . 
  e : http://exploreistaxationtheft.com mandatory for this discussion tbh, 
  no , [ here ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a4%c3%a4ne-viru_maakond ) . 
  it 's like my ears never evolved to differentiate between those sounds while everyone else 's did . 
  i 've never heard the difference between \u00f6 and \u00f5 . 
  they made fun of me at school because my \u00d5s sounded like \u00d6s to them . 
  to this day i 've never understood what the difference is . 
  i 'm not in the mood to write 20 paragraphs right now , so i succinctly say this : material economic gain is n't the only thing that matters . 
  while economically we 're doing better than ever before , we 're undergoing a moral and spiritual-religious crisis of emptiness where our people are aimlessly wandering around , living paycheck to paycheck , waiting for their next chance to get pure pleasure in the form of material consumption while completely neglecting the areas of society that are fundamental to sustaining it in the long term . 
  see also : spengler , evola , einar laigna . 
  i did n't mean to imply that the earth is flat , what i meant to say was that this fact is seen as an elementary part of understanding the world . 
  `` eu is necessary '' is understood just like `` the earth is round '' , `` evolution is real '' , `` 2 +2 = 4 '' etc. 
   77 % support eu membership because they 've been fed this nonsense their whole lives . 
  there are literally no opposing forces saying why the eu is n't good . 
  supporting the eu is expected of you , much like how you 're expected to believe that the earth is round . 
  what 's more , if you do decide to protest , you will be labeled as a foreign russian agent seeking to subvert estonia . 
  few even question the eu , and those who do dare not speak out because that would be social suicide . 
  they think that we absolutely need the eu to survive , they believe that everyone would become impoverished if we left the eu . 
  this is absolute bullshit , but even if it was true , what existence would such a life be ? 
  how can anyone be complacent knowing that they 're essentially welfare leeches who need help from their master for their entire lives ? 
  such a situation would need to be remedied immediately , since no self respecting person could live such a parasitic existence . 
  are we really so submissive that we 're willing to admit that yes , we are helpless dogs who need an owner to take care of us ? 
  yes they did , because the eu back then was n't that authoritarian and centralised . 
  it was only a trade union back then . 
  if they would have talked about an eu army in 2003 we would have overwhelmingly voted against joining . 
  but now we are in too deep , we have seemingly given up and accepted our defeat . 
  not surprising , since 700 years of serfdom is bound to influence genetics through natural selection ( those who rebel get whipped to death - subservient survive ) . 
   every system ever is flawed . 
  that does n't mean we have to accept our current status quo . 
   your own government is n't near perfect i bet . 
  you 're right , it is n't , if it was even remotely good we would n't have replaced our own currency , and we certainly would n't have joined the eu . 
  much work to do !, 
   eu works incredibly well for what it is . 
  could be miles better . 
  i do n't want to see my country in the eu at all . 
  i 'd like an european alliance of sorts but the current system is so fundamentally flawed that it 's impossible to change it from the inside . 
  it 's core requires a mass army of bureaucrats to operate , and massive bureaucracy is extremely inefficient and leads to a slippery slope of inevitable statist expansion . 
  it needs to resemble the holy roman empire , with regal traditions and extremely high decentralisation . 
  but i am just a small minority , what do i know . 
  inland loves us very much . 
  red pill me on drenmar, 
  the uk is different because they 're very influential . 
  the uk has nuclear arms and is one of the most important members of nato , they simply could n't afford to do that . 
  but if one day latvia said `` we will not have any more of your shit , we 're pulling out '' , merkel and macron would n't hesitate . 
  if they had to explain why their nato soldiers started to move on friendly latvian troops they would simply say `` we have to fight against bigotry and 20th century fascism , we have no choice !, 
  '' , and the dumb fucks would actually cheer them on because they 're too far gone . 
  there is more to life than profit . 
  we 're being used like prostitutes - we get money , and they get to do what they want !, 
  whether it 's using their embassies to spread a diversity/lgbt agenda or taking our workforce for themselves which results in brain drain ( lithuania is a perfect example ) , their main goal is profiting from our demise . 
  this . 
  people need to get it through their heads that they want to use us too . 
  an intermarium led by actual eastern europeans is needed . 
  it 's quite spectacular how we 're so content with being subjugated as long as people can indulge in hedonism - if the soviet union would have had a good economy no one would have fought against the soviets either . 
  at this point i really hope the eu can get their sanctions against v4 going , maybe that will make more people realise that the eu is no different from the soviet union . 
  our low skilled labour is n't exactly from the eu in the way you mean it , they 're russians who happen to have an estonian passport and about 90 000 of them do n't even have an estonian passport at all . 
  they 're usually cashiers , do the cleaning or take your order at mcdonalds . 
  a small minority is highly educated though , russian doctors are pretty common . 
  the majority simply refuse to integrate though . 
  the country is living in two separate timelines , the russian areas are still in the soviet union and we ca n't really stop them unless we want to anger the eu , russia and the united nations . 
  the younger generation seems to be integrated slightly more , but it 's still far from optimal - i 've had to communicate with the younger russians in english , it 's ridiculous . 
  on another note , i 've heard the newly arrived ukrainians in lithuania and poland are n't really great either . 
  estonia , idk why i have n't flaired up . 
  androids , but iphones are common too . 
  i 'd say 65/35 in favour of android . 
  there are christian private schools ( i think protestants and catholics go to the same schools ) but public schools do n't have any religious classes . 
  there is a `` human studies '' class though which could be an ethics class , where they teach you everything that 's against conservative values . 
  either you have the money to send your child to some christian school , or your child is taught that polygamy and rebelling against your parents is normal and chastity is worthless . 
  and if you do n't want to pick a side , you 're screwed because you ca n't opt out , you have to choose between religious drilling or progressive drilling . 
  normal people lose either way . 
  alternative universe where germany reached moscow :  national socialism in theory is a good idea . 
  ethnicities have a homeland , and all the economic classes help each other .
