  i can vouch for this , despite having the largest diaspora of any single country ( germany is second iirc ) they are n't really seen as a diaspora . 
  compare the speeches the indian prime minister does to literally stadiums full of second , maybe third generation indians in foreign countries and how we see ours . 
  would a british politician get the same reception in a country with a large british descended population ? 
  also how the chinese term for their diaspora , no matter how many generations removed is overseas chinese . 
  i guess my point is that the british , and particularly english diaspora definitely exists but we have a different view on it to most other countries . 
  i think it makes sense with the history of the empire , we are the only country to have created successful white majority countries , so a british australian is just australian because of the history of the country . . maybe that makes sense, 
  there were n't riots when he visited though and he was in quite a rural area iirc , the security for a state visit will be another level . 
  yep , my only concern is how fucking insane the security will have to be for a trump state visit and who will pay for it . 
  i remember when the discussion over barring him entry was going on there were sources in the police reporting one of the main concerns was full scale rioting if he ever visits . 
  obviously he came here to open a golf course in scotland , but look at the demographics of london and go from there . . 
  not really , i can see that if you 're on mainland europe you would probably feel more connected though . 
  all about perspective, 
  there are no skyscrapers in my county sadly , i 'm not sure where they would go though, 
  no respect for the police or for law and order . 
  consolation is how much blm attempting to spread to the uk has failed , and how pissed off their actions make most people, 
  america is a very young country , not that long ago in the grand scheme of things there were n't any americans . 
  it 's an odd question really , what am i supposed to say, 
  the opposite way to most people , so the stem is left as a little handle . 
  learnt that a few years back, 
  mass immigration from the third world, 
  i can relate to this . 
  i read a comment on here in an eu referendum thread by a spanish guy talking about how he had almost idolised the uk when he was younger and how he had grown up reading british authors , listening to british music and had studied british philosophers at uni . 
  i almost felt bad because i ca n't name any spanish musicians or authors , and most people would think of spain as a good holiday destination that is cheap and hot and not much else . 
  stereotypically the food is good . 
  it made me realise it really is just a matter of perspective . 
  i also read an opinion piece in the guardian , written by an italian who had lived in london for several years . 
  he talks about stepping off the plane and instantly feeling at home , saying he would describe himself as an internal migrant only moving from one part of europe to another . 
  this was nuts to me and unrelatable , every time i 've been on holiday to italy i step off the plane and instantly feel like i 'm in a foreign country , because i am . 
  the signs are in a different language , the weather is different , people are speaking a different language . 
  i think it 's all a matter of points of view , we are just different, 
  / r/europe is a left wing subreddit, 
  the british view is probably more interesting than most other countries because of historic links . 
  in this country if someone is described as south african it is definitely assumed they are white , as the vast majority of south africans who move here are . 
  however it 's important to remember the split in the sa white population between english and afrikaans speakers , we mainly get anglo africans move here and afrikaners prefer places like australia i believe i am correct in saying . 
  i would say they are seen very positively and integrate almost instantly . 
  white south africans are always highly rated in terms of desirable immigrants . 
  i think a lot of people feel sorry for what is happening now in the country , and even more so across the border in zimbabwe . 
  any suggestion to ` evict ' people is wrong, 
  there was never a large , rooted settler population in india , that at its peak was nearly a third of the country . 
  completely different situation , one is a colony getting independence and one is proposing kicking out a rooted population from where they 've lived for around 400 years . 
  instant gut reaction would be yes , but there are good arguments against it such as making the criminal into a martyr who has died for a cause . 
  particularly with terrorism that 's very risky . 
  i remember it being debated a lot about lee rigby 's killers , that killing them is almost what they want and would help their cause , by sentencing them to a whole life tariff there is no ideological ` glory ' ; they are denied dying for their beliefs . 
  personally i would never trust a company like google , for example , with developing the technology that would drive me around . 
  the potential for surveillance , tracking , taking control of the car , etc is too great . 
  i do n't trust driverless cars , so no, 
  yep , some are deployable and some such as students are non-deployable . 
  the other uk commenter summed it up , each branch has reserves who train and have a minimum commitment of time . 
  generally it 's seen as a good thing to do , for the fitness and training side of it . 
  it 's not bad pay either . 
  80/20 card cash . 
  a lot of specific things you still need cash for, 
  i did french and german in school but could n't speak them . 
  i 'm ok at reading french but i do n't claim to speak any foreign languages, 
  ` being picky ' is literally not reflected in government policy . 
  with immigration at the highest level it has been in this country 's history , it is insanity to say the uk is ` picky ' . 
  anyway , they 've already conceded defeat to me by saying a large part of society does n't like immigration and that this affected the eu referendum vote , conceding that i am referring to actual policy and hard facts . 
  public opinion is irrelevant as it does not affect the objective truth . 
  north - keswick east - byron bay south - bruny island west - aberystwyth, 
  how is the second point beneficial . . 
  depends where you go to school i imagine . . 
  geography is about a hell of a lot more than just reciting place names , but most people at my school could definitely name all us states , all counties in the uk , european and african countries . 
  people have very good knowledge of ` geography ' as in where things are , but the actual subject is about physical and human processes and how they affect the world around us . 
  most examples used in teaching geography , different landforms for example are from the uk . 
  my understanding is that most countries focus on their own , but some seriously struggle because they do n't have the enormous range of landscapes we have in the uk . 
  i 've seen people on here before talk about how they were taught european geography , so knowing the major landforms and processes at work in solely europe , which is very different to how i was taught geography . 
  us , but probably because it 's what i grew up with . 
  was surprised how different chips are in australia , more like fries, 
  i 'll give you that we 're not in schengen , but it 's hard to argue a country with net migration of over 300,000 per year is picky with who they let in . . 
  `` being an island nation brits are quite picky with who they let in '' factually incorrect, 
  when i was growing up germany was seen as our equivalent on the continent . 
  i was saddened to learn from actual germans they think france is their equivalent and they do n't feel a special connection to britain . 
  i am only familiar with living in a christian society . 
  my understanding with other countries , a good example being israel is that their group identities are stronger and religion has a very central role in the national identity . 
  on the scale of the world the secular identities in europe are the exception and not the rule . 
  i think organised religion helps bind a people together . 
  as for separation of church and state , there is none here from a legal perspective . 
  the monarch is the head of the church . 
  how much this affects day to day government policy is smaller than that would suggest but the state and the church are very strongly linked . 
  as for the presence of atheists in a society , i do believe it has a detrimental and inherently subversive effect . 
  there 's a reason atheism is so heavily encouraged , without the framework of the church people are rootless and forget where they came from . 
  the erosion of christianity in this nation is a terrible thing and will be our downfall . 
  i believe religion is important for the functioning of a healthy society, 
  recipes are usually published in both grams and ounces , have n't seen cup used a lot, 
  pints , gallons , ounces , pounds , yards , miles , feet , inches , i 've probably missed a few . . 
  i prefer imperial , it 's more relatable than metric and feels more real . 
  an interesting old measurement is the barleycorn , 1/3 of an inch . 
  some people have their christmas meal at lunchtime or midday , mine will be around 6pm . 
  like the other guy has said , dinner also has different meanings just to complicate it furthur, 
  christmas day , dinner, 
  do n't think i 've heard someone say happy holidays in real life , i have seen the ` festive season ' as an alternative to christmas in advertising, 
  it would average out to about once a year, 
  nuclear holocaust, 
  of course it 's a turk, 
  peanut butter is ubiquitous, 
  i 'd argue we never believed in that ` dream ' , we joined for primarily economic purposes and not some grandiose european ideal, 
  depending on how it 's counted german is either the first or second largest ethnic group in the us , it 's interesting so few presidents have come from that ancestry, 
  turkey is not a part of europe and turks are not european, 
  as usual the uk is somewhere inbetween the us and mainland europe , so for example if someone were half black half white they would most likely identify as and call themselves black , but on the census put mixed race . 
  however there is more provision for mixed race here , i believe i 'm correct in saying mixed race categories were added to the census here before the us,
