  is he wrong ? 
  i 'm saying that as a bad thing , if we are legally speaking outside the eu but still have freedom of movement , ecj jurisdiction , being inside the common fisheries policy then in practice it will be the same as if inside the eu , and a betrayal of voters . 
  i 'm not confident we will leave . 
  we should , but are led by people who do not believe in leaving . 
  a likely scenario is we ` leave the eu ' but have the same conditions as inside it . 
  always add marmite to bolognese tbh . 
  criminal, 
  written well over 40 years before my source, 
  he may well have voted against these bills , but there are many accounts of his opposition to mass immigration which really got into swing post war . 
   but in latvia they do n't give us anything - just $ 139 a month , '' hang on, 
  churchill has some dodgy quotes on race . 
  obviously a product of his times but to paint him as an open borders enthusiast is incorrect . 
  he nearly contested an election on the slogan ` keep britain white ' after all . 
  i 'd be impressed by that . 
  it 's very rare in my experience for british people to make such a nonsense argument that there is no such thing as the british people . . 
  the only place i can think of with a stereotype of heavy drinking other than the continent would be east asia , korea and japan specifically . 
  that is probably outweighed in the statistics by china who are n't known for it though . 
  non white detected, 
  those were the days, 
  only because i 'm more familiar with the recent history , anyway to end this all i have to say is if you think britain , at this exact second , has any reliable allies on the continent you are delusional . 
  because in recent history their contributions have been modest , only acting if it is seen an beneficial to them . 
  realistically speaking yes , nations will only ever act in their interest . 
  a mutual interest can be an alliance . 
  it 's not complex, 
  if push really came to shove they would not be there for us . 
  if you think britain has friends , not interests , you are mistaken . 
  i am well aware of this alliance . . 
  i maintain it is a fair weather alliance . 
  irrelevant to a discussion of alliances between nations and a large exaggeration to boot . 
  ` ally of europe ' , sorry i only deal with reality here - europe is not a country . 
  we went to war over belgium and poland what more do you people want ? 
  we 've never really had european allies tbh , all our allies are fair weather allies . 
  corbyn has been consistently euroskeptic , i 'd bet money he voted leave . 
  enjoy it while it lasts kid , you all know what 's coming, 
  the british fishing industry, 
  london ( and all british cities ) were traditionally very low rise , the recent craze for building high damages views and makes cities soulless . 
  i would say there are too many high rises in london already . 
  you 're also using a different definition , the formal definition of ` skyscraper ' when i 'm talking about all high rises , including tower blocks . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  fuck me this subreddit is inbred, 
  a good first step , let 's see the common fisheries policy nuked next . 
  as if there are n't too many high rise buildings in london already . . 
  good, 
  * the japanese are not white, 
  it 's all tradition lad, 
  the falklands is a different legal arrangement to say madeira which is just a part of portugal on the african plate, 
  add taxis to that . 
  however having a barber that takes cards is extremely convenient, 
  there was no place called england during the roman empire kid, 
  third world people , third world problems, 
  that 's how it works though , the eu may not be ` our enemies ' ( debatable ) but they are certainly competition . 
  at some point you have to put your country first lad, 
  good, 
  as if the average person is eating expensive imported wines , beers , pastries , etc. . also , what is trade ? 
  the french authorities really need to sort this out , if they are not applying for asylum in france then why are they allowed to just stay in the hope of one day illegally crossing into the uk ? 
  ` britain ', 
  i remember it well , the time following the paris attacks was very sombre . 
  a good gesture . 
  really shows up the saudi arabian team for their display in australia . 
  not the biggest fan of france but public gestures like this are very significant - after all we would and have done the same for them . 
  even the remain campaign was on the back of keeping the current arrangement , and stated time and again we would not be forced into more integration . 
  this is partly why there were stories of the remain camp being seen as reluctant in europe , not selling it . 
  people just do n't want the single currency , schengen , refugee resettlement or any of these policies that over and over are polled as extremely unpopular . 
  this idea of britain not just reversing the process of leaving the eu but actively seeking more integration is absolute insanity and shows how out of touch you must truly be . 
  absolutely not, 
  there 's no evidence of that , appointing nearly all remainers to cabinet , talk of not leaving the single market or freedom of movement zone . 
  this idea of may as some kind of brexit ideologue could n't be further from the truth, 
  may is a remainer and does n't believe in leaving the eu , nice try though, 
  been downvoted in one specific thread when sentiments equally as distant from reality are the norm across this subreddit . 
  and yes predicting mass civil unrest that could cause a civil war over backsliding on leaving the eu is not delusional , and many prominent political figures have expressed similar views . 
  you 're not from this country so i would n't expect you to understand these things . 
  just utterly laughable , the delusion on this subreddit continues to stun me . 
  not leaving the cfp will be an enormous betrayal, 
  the conservatives who failed on their ` tens of thousands ' pledge that has now been in three manifestos over seven years and who many senior figures have said they do n't support cutting immigration ? 
  this hysteria of conservatives as somehow tough on migration is simply not backed up by reality . 
  if they backslide on leaving the eu it will be the start of a stabbed in the back myth for this country , and nobody will be prepared for the consequences, 
  peaceful internally i would say yes, 
  more than you 've got friendo, 
  not a fan of putting royal navy in quotes when that is the actual name . . 
  enforcement of that is entirely up to the spanish government . 
  emigration can not be controlled or stopped , and is an entirely separate issue to immigration . 
  if you dislike people not learning the language then introduce laws encouraging it . 
  the problem is we have things like that here and it still does n't work . 
  if the treaty goes , the tunnel should be shut, 
  yes, 
  have you ever been to london, 
  and how did that work out for them ? 
  an absolutely laughable comment , the thought of a proposed policy causing sadness halfway around the world brightens my day . 
  theresa may is an open-borders globalist , this is merely electioneering . 
  they are perfectly welcome to go back , in fact many failed asylum seekers do return to syria or iraq for example . 
   if a mena migrant moves to europe and does n't like it , there is no place she can move back to . 
  where they came from would be my guess . . 
  sydney , hong kong , singapore . . 
  fifa is one level up from uefa so to speak , if we left fifa we would be outside the ` system ' of international football and therefore not part of any uefa tournaments . 
  eurovision is a farce , ruined by block-voting and other countries treating it too seriously . 
  it would be a funny joke if we did n't fund a large chunk of it . 
  there is support for leaving fifa following the fining of home nations for wearing poppies . . 
  the british army , hasnt been royal for a few years to say the least, 
  what he said , except there 's no such thing as the royal army . . 
  the figure includes spending that is arguably not defence spending,
