  do you mean 2 % of gdp , and we do n't hit it . . 
  i would agree with you there has been no hard action to stop this but surely you can see my point that even if mediterranean countries work to stop any boats someone is still supplying the smugglers with boats . . so i 'm not blaming china for the entire problem , just stating they have no interest in stopping trading with people smugglers as it indirectly benefits them by weakening european countries . 
  china is complicit as facilitating the mass ~ ~ invasion ~ ~ immigration into europe weakens european nations . . 
  they have no interest in cooperating to stop this . 
  i avoid buying imported food , if i cook a roast either all or nearly all ingredients will be domestic produce so why would the cost increase ? 
  hm na , we should put our producers first, 
  maybe i 've been reading the wrong stuff but my understanding was ` le grand replacement ' refers to the population shift and is essentially the french term for white genocide . 
  there would n't be a cultural shift without a changing demography . 
  my understanding is fn regularly talk about ` le grand replacement ' and other racialised concepts . 
  not even close to correct , most conservative mainstream party ? 
  perhaps . 
  but ukip are a real mix of right and left wing policy . 
  bnp in their heyday would have been closer to fn . 
  it 's interesting , i 've seen it argued an fn candidate could win in 2022 if things do n't change in a macron presidency . 
  ukip are hardly far right, 
  congratulations you 've learnt nothing and have completely missed the entire point . 
  well done . 
  i absolutely expect migrants to vote for their own self interest , hence why their presence has always been subversive . 
  these are really not complex concepts to grasp , except perhaps for you they are . 
  it actually is n't about the migrant voters , i could n't give a fuck about them , but the process of bringing them in and the people who proverbially opened the gates that will face the blame . 
  what part do you disagree with ? 
  the mask slips , and the purpose of mass immigration is revealed, 
   which europe turns a blind eye to so that the ` unwanted persons ' from the east do not infiltrate their borders . 
  they 're already here . . 
  absolutely ridiculous , how stunningly out of touch do you have to be to make something like that , or is it just a mental disability ? 
  except we quite literally are, 
  france , italy , belgium , germany , spain , australia , singapore, 
   blackpool before cheap flights people would go to coastal resorts but very much less so now . 
  not sure that 's how capital cities work tbh, 
  why should we willingly hand over our nations to an alien identity ? 
  multiculturalism simply means less white people, 
  andrew strauss , cricketer born in south africa, 
  the ` most livable city ' lists are compiled based on factors like crime , public transport , cost of living , etc. 
  that 's a nice kumbaya monologue but not sure they can really measure things like that quantitatively . 
  london never really features on most livable city lists, 
  i trust people to make their own decisions . 
  i rarely drink but people have to make up their own minds, 
  a long forgotten bad dream, 
  the kind of place seen as peaceful , very open and sparsely populated . 
  a safe place to live . 
  similar to canada in many ways . 
  at least where i live saint georges day is referred to as england 's national day , you may be correct in terms of the lack of enthusiasm from the government with regard to saints days but they are the closest thing we have to the national days of other countries, 
  i 'd say the equivalent would be the respective saints days . 
  well let 's see who turns out right - looking through your comments you have a streak for delusion, 
  you have some serious disability if you think britain is going to be a part of the us in ` less than two years ', 
  `` facts '', 
  i feel like that 's less of an insult than the soviet union , please try again, 
  i 've never experienced any sort of judgment for not speaking any foreign languages, 
  the french, 
  did a pretty standard battlefields tour of france and belgium visiting graveyards , memorials , museums , etc related to the first world war . 
  a fixed version of britain , perhaps pre first war or even further back pre 1066, 
  netherlands it is then, 
  i think i 'd have a stroke, 
  superman is an alien ? 
  captain america on the other hand . . 
  not sure why i 've been downvoted for giving a truthful answer . 
  yes , the street i live on also has no number 13 house, 
  everywhere east of berlin might as well say soviet union , but then i am old fashioned, 
  would n't choose to live in a city really . . 
  i truly hope not . 
  this guy gets it, 
  i 'm semi taking the piss . 
  most people where i live do saint georges day so it 's odd to see someone say we have no national events to sing the national anthem on, 
  sounds sad . 
  boys brigade and the mosque then ? 
  wew , did it every year as a child in the scouts . 
  never did a saint georges day church ceremony then ? 
  that 's the best part, 
  you have to laugh at the idea of the uk being restrictive in regard to immigration, 
  english , welsh , german and my mother 's maiden name is of norse origin but i know very little about it other than that . 
  if you have to ask , you 'll never know, 
  the modern political nation ? 
  however i have many family members who died fighting in wars for this nation and i believe they did the right thing . 
  i would die for my people , but what britain has become is a degeneracy filled cesspit of what it once was . 
  so for a very different reason to others in this thread i will say no . 
  i would die for my idea of my country though . 
  no official language, 
  well, 
  the 60s are famed as a time of huge upheaval in society, 
  it 's not spain, 
  it 's been abolished in all but name through the collapse of christianity in this country , but it would sadden me to see it formally got rid of . 
  australian and american several times , then once been asked german and there weirdest being danish , again once . 
  political suicide for whoever negotiates that . . 
  anything less than what is referred to as ` hard ' brexit , but is really just brexit will not be satisfactory and in fact quite dangerous . 
  the key point is leaving the single market and ensuring freedom of movement ends . 
  then still high priorities but lower slightly would be ending any legal jurisdiction and leaving the echr . 
  however , there are forces absolutely desperate to keep us in . 
  you have to remember there are trillions at stake for the powers that be and they are going to try and keep us in at every turn . 
  to say ` soft ' brexit could lead to civil war is not hyperbole . 
  nothing, 
  i 'm assuming you mean anglosphere countries by that ? 
  dam would definitely be how most tourists would refer to amsterdam, 
  nope , in fact i 've never heard barna said in person . 
  i 've gone back and found this comment mentioning it : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6f7p99/how_much_do_we_mispronounce_foreign_place_names/diga0le/, 
  not spanish people , but people i know who 've gone there as tourists, 
  you 've made me remember weybiza for weymouth , always liked that, 
  i 've heard barcelona referred to as barca quite a lot, 
  portsmouth - pompey birmingham - brum , b town manchester - manny , mcr bristol - bris , brizzle worcester - woo , wutown plymouth - plym just a few, 
  not barca ? 
  occasionally,
