the article talks about anger against the elites who have huge amounts of power over our lives . 
  a disproportionate number of whom come from certain ( ( ( demographics ) ) ) , hence rebelling against elites is contextualised as rebellion against ( ( ( elites ) ) ) . 
  judging by my upvotes this certainly is n't a personal issue specific to me . 
  perhaps you are paranoid or just pretending to be stupid ? 
  he was n't , but has been somewhat overshadowed by the legacy of blair . 
  brown was unmemorable for a lot of people . 
  unless we take a leaf out of your book . . 
  people are very angry with the ( ( ( elites ) ) ), 
  the wage has been driven down , in the past it was more reasonable . 
  my parents did seasonal work as students, 
  a good idea , it used to be seasonal work for students and people like that , and was n't badly paid either, 
  i 've always thought we should have our own space agency . 
  ( ( american ) ), 
  and i think that 's what it comes down to is a different perspective on things , how one views moving to another country . 
  there 's no real right or wrong because a county could choose either ideology , but i do believe an overwhelming majority of my countrymen would agree with me on freedom of movement . 
  i fundamentally disagree with the idea of freedom of movement . 
  we should be able to allow in or reject anybody we like , not be forced to let in anybody from a certain geographical area hat most people do n't even feel connected to . 
  and as for ireland i disagree with that as well , for example irish citizens can vote in general elections which is wrong i think . 
  voting should be reserved for citizens . 
  however , ireland is complicated by the partition , a hard border being politically untenable so perhaps the cta is a good compromise and the best we could reasonably expect . 
  i do not believe an irish citizen should have the right to just move to the uk . 
  they should be subject to the same restrictions we give everybody ( hardly anything at the moment ) . 
  that will literally never happen and is a terrible idea . 
  there are no benefits of the eu . . 
  literally wat, 
  none of these things are ridiculous . 
  smoking in pubs and restaurants should really be up to the owner , and the same with what units goods are sold in . 
  people should have the choice of selling in customary units . 
  mains water is treated and tastes completely different . 
  different mineral composition, 
  as someone from malvern mains water and water from a spring are very different, 
  come and take it . 
  there is no uk football team . . 
  all i can say is that australia is an independent country and there is no vast conspiracy to alter their demographics . 
  you talk of australians finding it difficult to move to the uk , when the antipodes are famous for their skill based system where it is very hard to get in for most people and jobs are advertised to locals first , etc. 
  it is not as if people from the uk can just move there no questions asked . 
  i 'm also sure the leadership of australia would be insulted at being called very english , malcolm turnbull the pm is of irish and jewish descent , and is a jew in terms of religion . 
  turnbull is an irish surname . 
  have you ever been to australia ? 
  any immigration reform will be reciprocal , so if it is easier for an australian citizen to move to the uk it will also be easier for a uk citizen to move to australia . 
  you are also ignoring the factual reality that more uk citizens move to australia than the other way round . 
  you are engaging in a frankly laughable masturbatory fantasy , but whatever helps you sleep at night . . 
  was n't aware south africa was still a monarchy , thought mandela was on the rand tbh . . 
  maybe i could have worded it better , i think the mindset of someone who would exclusively go for someone of a different race would be very hard to understand . 
  it seems extremely strange to me, 
  or people just stick to their own ? 
  i personally would find a black person only dating white women extremely disturbing, 
   remainers like sadiq khan being executed with a cannon ? 
  unless you 're not paying attention to usernames i 'm a different person to who you first asked . . and by would be popular what i 'm referring to is opinion polls , several have been posted on this subreddit , that the empire is seen positively by a majority of respondents . 
  your question is literally aimed at britain though , it does n't really matter what anyone else thinks . 
  saying now independent nations would be against it wo n't change anyone 's mind . 
  britain regaining an empire would be very popular . . 
  a similar story with energy companies too . 
  you could be a comedian, 
  hardly a tragedy , people have merely gone their separate ways . 
  i 'd argue it 's an amicable divorce . 
  we should never have joined the eu so leaving peacefully is the best outcome possible, 
  if it 's nuclear retaliation , no . 
  the stakes are too high . 
  as the article states the french had a similar view when this has come up in the past, 
   then europeans would be forced to ask whether paris and london were prepared to guarantee security for germany and other europeans . 
  literally what is that supposed to mean, 
  all is rooted in nature, 
  welcome to the real world , enjoy your stay, 
  which specific part of that is wrong ? 
  ratings and comments disabled - textbook sign of bullshit incoming, 
  think you 've replied to the wrong comment here lad, 
  this causes a huge strain on the nhs . 
   racist attacks common place . 
  verbal xenophobic abuse just part of the vernacular . 
  that literally has happened, 
  stabbed in the back incoming, 
  found george soros ' reddit account . . 
  triggered, 
  now make it out of glass . . 
  * worse place for everyone, 
  yes , if nationalistic politicians assume power . 
  simply leaving the eu does not solve the problem if the same people who got us here stay in . . 
  it has really . 
  the country is noticeably overpopulated , not to mention the cultural shifts that are accompanying such unprecedented population changes . 
  7.8 % increase in 10 years . . 
  as others have pointed out , building more houses would require building on the green belt . 
  so no there is not plenty of space left . 
  continentals are delusional when it comes to this . 
  my point is , if you consider kane and sterling exactly the same then you have a different opinion to most people here ( i.e. . actually in britain . . ) . 
  those men are both english . 
  this population increase is solely driven by migration , so again these are foreign citizens and not british . 
  on another note , if you can not distinguish between someone like harry kane , and sterling ( who is jamaican ) i would advise seeing a doctor . 
  at this point you do n't know whether to laugh or cry, 
  factually incorrect, 
  as if this population increase is british people, 
  why is that desirable ? 
  good, 
  fuck that, 
  based roger ` are scrute ' scruton . 
  people knew what they were voting for . 
  all i can say is you have interpreted the idea of britain being subject to the same conditions , but legally out of the eu , as a win . 
  i see it as a major loss . 
  people voted leave because of the conditions we were subject to within the eu , they are signifying they want a change , this idea of a ` softening ' of leaving the eu is really just keeping the circumstances the same and leaving in name only . 
  you do n't seem to have grasped my point,
