  littering, 
  if it 's any consolation i 've seen it argued a lot of scandinavian settlers were peaceful traders and the violent stereotype is n't actually backed up by the evidence . 
  fluently , english and then a tiny bit of french . 
  that 's a very broad question , perhaps narrow it down to more specific circumstances, 
  i want to see ireland united , united under the union flag, 
  france, 
  french, 
  i would argue it 's possible for old stock anglo americans to very very quickly integrate though , t.s. 
  eliot for example . 
  it 's odd for me , for a reason i have n't seen mentioned in the thread . 
  i do n't perceive america as a people exporting nation , like somewhere famous for emigration . 
  america is seen as a place people move to , not from . 
  military coup, 
  i have literally never thought about that, 
  badgers . . 
  iphones but you see a real mix, 
  yes and yes, 
  maybe every other week, 
  yes ? 
  supersonic , the film about oasis . 
  so many things that happen are unique to britain and i do n't think the story could have happened anywhere else, 
  hobgoblin , bit mainstream where i live but a good all round ale and a reliable bet if you do n't know any of the other beers in a pub . 
  if only, 
  i have literally never heard this before . 
  what an obscure theory , but interesting, 
  at current demographic trends it will happen within perhaps 30 years . 
  we have a lot of great old buildings and architecture in general , a lot of huge engineering achievements too . 
  i would say pride is a good word . 
  sadly it seems to be going in the wrong direction now and there are few good buildings built any more . 
  do n't know what it is but i 'm going to assume it 's shit, 
  more than is probably healthy, 
  it 's up to individual countries , an eu wide solution will never work due to the disparity between countries like germany who seem oddly to be open to it and hungary who want to see the numbers reduced . 
  all i can say is thank the lord britain did n't get over a million migrants , germany has been changed perhaps irreversibly . 
  well there obviously is though , the national story so to speak . 
  every nation has one, 
   non european countries, 
  not good . 
  there is a total lack of anything resembling law and order in this nation . 
  everything not nailed down is being sold to assorted horrendous countries who would gladly kill us if they had the chance . 
  our culture and way of life is almost extinct , marriage as an institution is meaningless . 
  our people know little or nothing of our history and heritage . 
  we are forced to live side by side with hostile fifth columns who are surprisingly open about their distaste and hatred of us and our society , but it is at best socially unacceptable and at worst a criminal offence to speak out against this . 
  within approximately 35 years we will be a minority in our own land . 
  every day i pray for the day of the rope and a revival in the spirit of my people to end this . 
  things need to change . 
  an imperial federation was once proposed quite seriously . 
  impossible to predict what the world would look like now though if it had happened, 
  birmingham, 
  in an ideal world yes , but as you have rightly pointed out it is to deter vandals . 
  i remember being surprised the first time i had to pay , i believe in birmingham . 
  last time i was in paddington station i jumped the barrier . 
  it 's principle really , in a law abiding , morally healthy society it would be free as there would be no risk of vandalism . 
  sadly we do not live in such a society . 
  immigration , it should be easier for europeans to move there, 
  do n't eat yellow snow, 
  every student will do at least one , for me two , foreign languages prior to gcses . 
  most likely french or spanish , with german next most common . 
  then you are encouraged but it is not compulsory to take a language gcse , then a level it 's a huge drop off in numbers again . 
  there are obviously other things to consider , like compulsory teaching of welsh in wales , although that 's arguably not learning a foreign language unless you plan on going to welsh speaking villages in south america . 
  for many different factors we do not have a culture conducive to learning many languages like you would find in switzerland for example . 
  two sides of the same coin, 
  nope, 
  space to look down on the earth from above . 
  in all seriousness i ca n't think of anywhere terrestrial that i 'm desperate to visit . 
  london fits , but i 'd argue brighton works for the cultural similarity, 
   paltry 3-5 million pounds hmmm, 
  yes, 
  what is wrong with morris dancing ? 
   obsessed with england  union flag instead of cross of saint george i 'm triggered, 
  the uk has been summed up pretty well already , people get a huge range and some definitely do get national symbols . 
  anecdotally i 've spoken with germans who were surprised at the number of southern cross/australian flag/coat of arms etc tattoos in australia , and said you never really see the equivalent in germany . 
  the line was that not even most neo-nazis would get something overt because it would be so obvious . 
  i think it depends on the culture of the country . 
  personally i do n't have any tattoos . 
  jag - jaguar roller - rolls royce mog - morgan aston - aston martin i 've heard people refer to range rovers as ` rangies ' but not sure how common that is . . better than calling them rovers though . 
  yes , in the northern territory, 
  the way your comment is worded makes it sound like you 're not , i assumed you 'd moved here from somewhere else, 
  where are you from ? 
  can you explain what you mean by the us being the ` only country with slaves ' ? 
  you fill the census out yourself , so it 's self reported . 
  however , there are other records of ethnicity through schools and medical records for example . 
  your posturing that all citizens are equal in citizenship is perhaps noble but for example with blood type , organ donation , etc ethnicity must be known . 
  it 's just a recording of the demographics , not something sinister . 
  it 's on the census . 
  from my perspective if you want to get a picture of the nation then asking something as basic as ethnicity is needed . 
  why i specifically said roi , legally speaking i am correct as that is the part that is no longer part of my country as the question asked . 
  when it was the ` uk of gb and i ' however ireland was referring to the island of ireland , so would have included what is now called northern ireland . 
  a lot of the earth 's surface tbh . 
  the republic of ireland would be a good example if you want something specific, 
  people do n't really claim to be english as much as irish , i think that 's a cultural thing where being english is n't seen as a cool ancestry but i digress . . so i 've never experienced the cliche of someone saying ' i am english ' but have had many interesting conversations with people of english ancestry around the world . 
  a memory i cherish is meeting an australian guy in a small town at the hostel i was staying in , the hostel having a bar attached . 
  he went around the small group introducing himself to everyone , ` hello what 's your name ? 
  and where are you from ? 
  france how fantastic ! ', 
  and then it gets to me , last in line . 
  ` and where are you from mate ? ' . . 
  and the guy 's face just lights up , he gets that spark in his eye and reaches forward and shakes my hand very firmly and tells me his whole ancestry is english and how amazing it is to have an englishman here . 
  we talked about our respective family histories , and definitely had that instant connection that only comes from meeting one of your own , a long lost cousin perhaps . 
  i probably have n't worded that well , but it was very memorable , that instant connection we shared through our ancestry . 
  to visit perhaps italy,
