  john smith, 
  soros, 
  most people at my sixth form ( last two years of high school , 16-18 ) had part time jobs , but no organised system like what you 're describing . 
  there is work experience but not a system of allocating work to students . 
  exactly , the implication is there is only one nuclear state that would be involved in a pan-european defence project , nato is too popular here, 
  who is the other nuclear state than france ? 
  there are more middle class people than working class people in the uk though . 
  football 's popularity comes down to being a very accessable game in my opinion , leading it to become popular among the working class . 
  it 's now spread though . 
  around 6, 
  it had an enormous cultural impact , even little phrases like ` going over the top ' . . 
  the war could be described as the single most significant in our history as nothing was ever the same after . 
  our history could pretty much be split into pre and post war . 
  there was a loss of innocence and the country was permanently altered . 
  the war destroyed this country, 
  a lot of people saying japan . . 
  i 'll go against the grain and say south africa, 
  herefordshire, 
  literally, 
  i 've actually watched them at a festival , i ca n't remember much though, 
  it 's everywhere , a hell of a lot more common than most people think because it 's not the kind of site like twitter where you know if your friends or whatever are using it . 
  everyone uses reddit, 
  not sure how to feel that in every one of these threads most of the world seemingly desires to live in countries we made . . 
  your pick is extremely odd to me but whatever . . having never been to america i would definitely say one of the southern states , maybe alabama . 
  a strong heritage , real history and the people know who they are . 
  the south is also very heavily english and many towns/cities are named after places where i live . 
  my understanding is the southern identity is one of blood , due to the very low rates of immigration post civil war to the south . 
  helps a southern accent is essentially an old english accent , the settlers kept theirs and ours has changed . . 
  generally speaking where i live gets nice tourists . 
  depends enormously on the nationality i think . 
  german ones travel in large packs and are very obvious but are ok when you speak to them . . 
  i would n't be so sure of that , history only repeats itself . 
  2017 is the year everything changes . 
  i 'm sure you 'll get over it . 
  the most important thing for me is the survival of my people and my culture . 
  we have a right to exist and we should exert it . 
  i would perhaps feel remorse for some of the buildings and architecture that would be destroyed , but not the people . 
  in my experience the only people i get on with in london are what 's left of the old stock working class . 
  london is not britain nor is it british . 
  if i walk down a street there it 's like a foreign country . 
  maybe it should n't be destroyed but reclaimed . 
  we have one in power, 
  london, 
  if i had to give a speculative answer it would be as an expression of the anger they feel against our society and as a small scale ` act of war ' . 
  these people do not see themselves as part of our society and want to take over/destroy it . 
  obviously emergency services and the police are very visible figures of the establishment . 
  `` where police and fire are unwilling to respond '' , i specifically mentioned the fire brigade and the question is clearly worded to mean the emergency services . 
  alum rock , birmingham, 
  i try not to give away too much personal information on reddit , so all i can say is several suburbs of the nearest big city to me . 
  if you search for reports about areas with high rates of attacks on ambulance crews i 'm sure you 'll find all you need . 
  yes , for example there are areas near me where ambulance and fire crews are regularly called out on false calls and then attacked when they reach the scene . 
  paramedics are now extremly reluctant to go to these areas . 
  no go zones do exist and everybody saying no is either sheltered or burying their head in the sand . 
  geographically , linguistically and racially i am part of europe but i do n't identify as ` european ' , as in the specific identity a lot of people on reddit talk about . 
  i think it depends a lot on where you grew up and how you were raised . 
  if someone asked where i 'm from i would n't say europe . . 
  comparing the significance of cromwell to david attenborough , that 's a tough one . . 
  like i said , probably new england . 
  this is because of family links and an interest in the area . 
  i 've also always had an interest in the us , how things work there , etc and i can imagine living there more than most countries . 
  i also see more of a future in the us than even somewhere like australia where i lived for a while . 
  probably new england becuase of family links and simply put it looks nice . 
  america, 
  * amazing like britain . . , 
  i know the term from reddit , i 've only seen it used by americans . 
  that and scotch irish which makes me laugh . 
  i 've never thought about moving somewhere else permanently and i do n't want to or think i would enjoy it . 
  however if forced to pick i would say australia or the us which is a bit of a cop out for the european aspect . . 
  i 've never really felt at home when on holiday on the continent . 
  scots irish refers to people of predominantly scottish descent who lived in what is now called northern ireland . 
  they were people who lived on the border of england and scotland and were seen as lawless and a bit rough . 
  king james sent large numbers of these people to the plantation of ulster , who in turn emigrated in large numbers to the us . 
  most were protestant unlike later , ethnically irish migrants . 
  that 's my understanding at least . . 
  on paper france is our equivalent but i 've always felt us and germany are brothers or maybe cousins . . 
  in my experience you can give it a good guess , i can guess which country someone is from fairly accurately from just appearance , include mannerisms , dress , etc and it becomes a lot more accurate though . 
  what a purely laughable statement !, 
  and what an achievement for a man who has never even been an mp !, 
  there are many men more deserving of that title , tony blair , balfour , chamberlain to name a few . 
  you have to laugh at the hyperbole on reddit surrounding farage and you people need to come to terms with the fact most people have a positive opinion of him . 
  remind me again how standing up for your country and your people ruins our country ? 
  if you ca n't even spell britain you probably would n't do well living here, 
  nigel farage does n't exactly have an upper class accent . . 
  a great man . 
  one day there will be statues of him . 
  he deserves at least a knighthood for his role in the referendum . 
  a huge range . 
  classic cars through to brand new cars . 
  i read a while back the average age of a car on the road is 11 years which sounds believable . 
  it will take a long time for electric cars to filter down !, 
  i have no opinion, 
  see the other reply to my comment to see a good example , at least where i am people see ireland as just another country . 
  people have no strong opinion negative or positive . 
  i think in general our governments are n't overly against each other any more but in my experience people just do n't ever think of ireland . 
  so i think it 's entirely possible people like ireland but i 've never seen it where i live , maybe in london or places there is a large irish population . 
  that 's in contrast to france that people , both jokingly and seriously , dislike . 
  it 's a colonial hangover, 
  i would like to see only british citizens be allowed to vote , but sadly i do n't believe that will ever happen . 
  if france counts , france . 
  ireland is too small and most people have no opinion either way of the country .
