  the soviets did n't get a functional nuclear weapon until 1949 . 
  they did n't actually have to be on polish soil to help . 
  had the british and french actually launched any kind of attacks on germany they would have met remarkable success , as the germans had left essentially the barest military screen on their western borders and most german generals were convinced the war would end quickly as the french and british would attack from the west and sweep through into the heartland of germany . 
  germany had also yet to reach it 's military potential in 1939 , hell the poles managed to hold them off for over a month . 
  instead , france and the uk sat at their lines and waited for the germans to attack a year later . 
  and the `` betrayal '' not only stems from the inaction in 1939 , but the way that poland was sold to the ussr later in the war , before russian troops had yet to set foot on polish soil . 
  granted this was * more * on the part of roosevelt , however the british failed to uphold their guarantees to poland to protect the sovereignty of it 's borders . 
  had it just been one of the two `` betrayals '' , maybe that would be understandable , but twice the poles were betrayed . 
  and as frozenbananarama pointed out , poles were then deported back to communist poland , then trivialized and made out to be nuisances for speaking out against the ussr , and given very little recognition for the part that polish soldiers played throughout the war , both in the east and the west ( for example , there were more polish troops deployed in the western theaters than canadian , and they * regularly * were deployed into high-intensity conflicts with excellent results ) . 
  they would support countries because those countries are a part of nato , and nobody is going to risk nato falling apart . 
  this has little to do with `` europe '' , this has almost everything to do with nato obligations and relations . 
  poland is a very strong contributing nation to nato , having contributed troops to every single nato led operation since joining except the libyan civil war , and that was only because it was protesting the withdrawal of the missile shield from its territories ( as it still viewed russia as a threat at the time -- and they were right ) . 
  the uk and western europe would jump to the aid of poland and the baltic states should they be attacked because of firm and non-negotiable obligations of defense should a nato ally be attacked . 
  as the treaty stipulates and all members have signed and ratified , an attack on one nato member is * treated equally as an attack on all * . 
  if someone declares war and attacks poland , they are instantaneously now at war with * every single nato member * . 
  and no nation in nato is willing to let the alliance fall apart by shirking its obligations to help their ally , because then the entire alliance would fall apart , they would lose their own security ( read : us military support ) and the entire post-wwii/post-soviet order would fall apart , drastically impacting international diplomacy , causing a multitude of conflicts , and devastating international trade , exchange , etc. 
  if a nation shirked it 's nato obligations and refused to defend a nato ally , it would instantaneously become an international pariah . 
  tl ; dr this is a nato oriented operation , not a eu oriented one . 
  the uk would help if poland or the baltic states were attacked because it is firmly bound under no uncertain terms to do so , as would every single nato ally including the us , france , germany , canada , greece , norway , netherlands , spain , italy , czech republic , turkey , etc. 
  nato is the one international organization that is quite firm and not open to any sort of interpretation about its obligations and what would happen if a nato ally were attacked . 
  well , it would be happening whether or not you were in the eu , because you are a part of nato . 
  hence the other non-eu nato countries of us , canada , and norway also being involved in polish and baltic security . 
  as a pole , the pro-european movement is very admirable and i encourage it , but people in this thread are misconstruing this event as one stemming from the eu and support for `` europe '' , when that 's not the case at all . 
  this is almost entirely a nato-oriented situation . 
  europe has a * very * long way to go to reaching a decisive level of military cohesiveness , whereas nato was virtually created on the very principle and has been operating as such for decades . 
  fair point , but then again 2002 was more than 10 years ago . 
  europe in general has gotten plenty of events , and if fifa is going to strip the world cup from nations unqualified to host it and give it to ones that are , then north america should get something considering how few and far between major international events occur in na compared to europe and asia . 
  a world cup hosted by say , the u.s. and canada , with possibly one or two games occurring in mexico would be one of the most attended , professional , profitable , and easily organized world cups/international competitions in the past 50 years . 
  it would do wonders in popularizing the sport in the united states which in turn would cause a massive influx of athletic talent and $ $ going into soccer/football , which would only serve the further benefit the sport internationally . 
  imagine if the behemoth that is american athletics turned its attention to soccer -- the overwhelming amount of investment , talent , and viewership that america could give to the sport * around the entire world * would work wonders . 
  europe ( with south america following behind ) would n't be the sole powerhouse of international soccer . 
  well then in that case america 's current state of affairs are not nearly bad enough to omit them from potential contenders for hosting a world cup . 
  the nsa fiasco implicated dozens of nations of spying , which everyone already knows happens like crazy . 
  whereas russia 's current state of affairs are more than fucked enough to strip them of the next world cup . 
  and this is coming from a russian living in america . 
  the airliner was shot down in 1988 , guantanamo was 4 years ago , america has pulled all of its troops out of iraq , and really the only issue left at hand is the nsa debacle . 
  if we want to go accusing nations of faults then we can find ridiculous issues with virtually any country . 
  yeah , it would work exactly like it does in every single other country . 
  just better cause usa . 
  edit : guys , obviously the `` just better cause usa '' comment was a joke . 
  no sense of humor here huh ? 
  that 's the point of the olympics . 
  pretty sure the point of hosting the world cup is to provide a unique experience for the hosting of the international soccer final -- not for some altruistic purpose , but rather to maximize the experience of each world cup . 
  hosting it in nations that are unprepared is ridiculous . 
  you just got an olympics , america has n't had any events this past decade . 
  give it to the u.s. . we have the stadiums , the 1994 world cup was the most attended world cup in history , the popularity of the sport is growing incredibly rapidly , and we have all of the relevant infrastructure and $ $ to host it easily . 
  america has a better system of representation than england does . 
  no house of lords , no queen , and we actually have rights like freedom of speech * in a codified constitution , unlike the uk . 
  that new deal is actually a big improvement that will have a very large effect . 
  if people can reliably watch soccer even just once a week on major stations in the u.s. then this will cause consistent growth in popularity for the sport . 
  why does russia take a hard-line absolute realist international approach , looking out for russian interests , and then bitch and throw the blame on nations like poland for heated relations when nations like poland are n't the ones destabilizing , invading , and annexing their neighbors , using natural gas embargoes like a choke-collar to control other countries , drastically increasing military spending , and operating under the assumption that they has a `` sphere of influence '' that encompasses other democratic states and allows them to determine not only their international politics but also their domestic ones ? 
  poland does n't escalate * anything * when it acts like any rational nation would under those circumstances -- it is being an objectively smart nation and understanding the inherent dangers posed to it by the giant , selfish , self-obsessed bully next door . 
  so it goes ahead and recognizes the threat , becomes friends with the big , oftentimes selfish , loudmouthed , brash , but typically well-meaning guy with a ton of guns and a vigilante-justice complex down at the end of the street , and buys a gun for itself . 
  then when it sees the bully next door trying to intimidate everyone around it and break into other people 's houses , it calls the bully out for being a dick . 
  the bully sees that poland is standing up for itself , and then has the self-centered , narcissistic audacity to feel * wronged * that poland went and got itself a friend and is calling the bully out on its bullshit , and starts shouting at poland not to `` escalate the situation ! '', 
  that 's total bullshit . 
  it is n't poland that escalates the situation -- the situation is already * constantly * escalated by russia 's actions , the only reason actual friction and conflict rears its head is because nations simply refuse to stand for it . 
  it 'd be like the u.s. telling central american countries not to `` escalate '' things during the 80s when the u.s. was running around manipulating the shit out of them . 
  9 times out of 10 since the end of wwii , when russia has come into conflict or heightened tensions with its neighbors it 's been russia 's fault -- only a completely narcissistic country that felt entitled to do whatever it wanted to its neighbors would actually blame conflict and war on those neighbors being worried about conflict and war and exercising their right to secure their interests and defend themselves . 
   do you really believe that you could `` teach '' russia with sanctions and nato military near borders ? 
  you complain about nato military near borders -- there are barely a few hundred u.s. soldiers stationed in eastern europe , and the militaries of the baltic states are pathetically small compared to russia 's . 
  on the other hand , there are * tens of thousands * of russian troops on the border with ukraine , who is really trying to `` teach '' who a lesson here ? 
  the western troops are there simply to reassure their eastern allies -- the only reason russia thinks they are there to `` teach '' anyone is because that is exactly the kind of thing that russia does . 
   your fears about `` invasion '' , i ca n't imagine what makes you think so . 
  how about the hundreds of years of occupation of poland by russia ? 
  how about the 3 + invasions of poland from russia in the past century ? 
  how about the intense level of oppression against poles by russians during each and every occupation ; the overwhelming effort put forth by successive russian and soviet governments to break polish identity , nationality , political identity , national identity , religion , and even language and culture ; the * millions * of poles brutally murdered , deported , exiled , starved , imprisoned , and oppressed with each russian invasion over the past 300 years , ** making even the slightest prospect of another russian invasion an intolerable one no matter how small the chance ? 
  ** now how about poland looking at a resurgent russia involving itself in conflicts in neighboring states like georgia and ukraine , and having plenty of historical precedents to show that when russia starts throwing its weight around outside its borders ** it has never just stopped right before poland and said `` yeah okay we 're done now , you do your thing poland !, 
  '' **  do we have disputed territories with poland ? 
  historically speaking , yes . 
  russia already gobbled up the eastern half of poland in wwii . 
  but russia would n't need to have disputed territories with poland in order to try to dominate it -- all it would need to do is expand it 's borders and/or `` sphere of influence '' to polish borders before it became `` intolerable to russian interests and security ! '', 
  for it to have a neighboring poland that was n't under russian domination and thus potentially serve as a `` launching point '' for attack by russia 's enemies . 
  of course in that case in classic russian order , it would be stated as though it were a universal truth that russian `` interests/security '' surely trumped the right of a smaller nation ( russian propaganda constantly tries to discredit the veracity and reputation of poland as a functioning independent nation with valid interests and rights to sovereignty anyways as it has been for centuries ) for sovereignty and independence . 
  besides , would n't it be much better for all those poles anyway if they just fell under the protection of their `` big slavic brother '' and joined the great russian sphere anyways ? 
   the worst and most unfriendly acts from russia from past time is periodical bans of meat and milk export from poland . 
  oh yeah , those are definitely worse acts than the massive military exercises russia carried out simulating an invasion of poland and its baltic allies just a couple years ago . 
  or how about blackmailing with natural-gas exports ? 
  or all the anti-polish political rhetoric , the multitude of russian football fans unfurling massive `` this is russia '' banners at the eurocup , and the constant veiled threats and political bullying from russian leadership to poland ? 
   i remember last few years of ussr believe me it sucked to . 
  that 's absolutely no argument to the point that russia * imposed that occupation onto the poles . 
  * it was n't some kind of equal-share `` we were all in the same boat '' scenario -- the ussr was completely dominated by russia and the shitty living situation in russia at the time was entirely a product of , you guessed it , * russia !, 
  * on the contrary , poland was entirely subjugated by a foreign power and forced to be a part of a system it had absolutely no interest in being a part of . 
  i also remember living behind the iron curtain , in both warsaw * and * moscow . 
  i 'm half russian and half polish , and trust me while i love my russian culture , russian heritage , russian history ( barring parts ) , russian language , russian people , and believe it or not even russian pride , this does not mean that i have to love the russian government and what the russian state has done and continues to do . 
  if only russia could turn all of that power , potential , drive , and pride * internally * like the rest of europe has , and america did for so long , then it would be so much better off and would cause so much less suffering for itself and its neighbors . 
  but for some reason russians have always been people who are okay with being treated like shit and living worse as long as their government can tell them `` it 's okay , you belong to the strongest nation in the world ! '', 
  nobody is or will be talking about this in the u.s. 
  this is really not a big deal and you would be surprised how little the american public cares about u.s.-polish relations . 
  it 's actually what lies at the core behind sikorski 's statements . 
  u.s. foreign policy leaders understand the value and importance behind the alliance but many u.s. politicians ( obama being a great example ) are still beholden to their constituents , and also simply are not foreign policy experts , and thus do not put real value behind the relationship . 
  it 's the reason why the military shield was dropped ; the u.s. only secures polish interests when those interests directly line up to its own interests , otherwise poland is seen by many ( uninformed ) americans and politicians as an unimportant ally who 's interests we can and will sacrifice to further our own . 
  despite poland being a steadfast ally and very valuable asset to u.s. foreign policy , the relationship simply does n't have the same level of importance to most americans and u.s. policy makers as western european alliances and even many asian ones . 
  make no mistake unless something were to change , if it came to a hypothetical situation between choosing to support poland and seriously confronting a belligerent russia , or allowing important polish interests to be sacrificed and `` warming '' relations with russia ( like obama tried to do by pulling out the missile shield ) then the latter would undoubtedly be chosen -- unless standing up to russia happened to coincide with u.s. interests . 
  bush had a point , americans are quick to forget about poland . 
  it 's an embarrassment for the united states ' reputation and foreign policy . 
  however the same way that the u.s. would n't jeopardize its interests by giving a lot of * support * to poland in a serious crisis , it also would n't jeopardize its interests by making a big deal out of something like this . 
  foreign policy makers know that there is a lot to gain from continued u.s.-polish relations when the two continue to have similar goals and interests . 
  and part of it simply comes down to not caring -- if u.s. politicians do n't * really * care about poland ( on the same level they care about countries like england , france , germany , japan , korea , or even `` less-important '' nations like egypt , italy , india , and even trading partners like china ) , then why the hell would they care about what the poles really think of them ? 
  it has n't slowed down u.s. relations with saudi arabia or pakistan .
