  it was an incredibly short-sighted and selfish move that not only served to betray the poles ( they literally failed their written obligation to launch an assault on germany within 3 days of a german attack on poland -- an assault that was planned out and prepared for well in advance ) but ultimately betrayed themselves and the rest of europe by not confronting an evil until that evil finally confronted them -- resulting in years of devastating conflict , tyranny , and the loss of millions of lives . 
  [ i get further in depth on the subject here . 
  this is n't my own `` armchair general '' speculation , this is me straight up just relaying what you yourself can read that has been researched and written about by many respected military historians -- this is generally regarded as a correct assessment of the situation in 1939 by the scholarly military-history community , not just pro-polish rhetoric . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/ck9ytll ) i 'm not some biased anti-western idiot who ignores reality and runs around claiming that poland could have been saved , i am a historian first and foremost and i would n't be arguing this point if it was n't something i have n't gone into depth studying . 
  there are countless other subjects regarding polish history that would come off as negative , where i just as firmly would and have opposed people with a pro-polish argument because it 's simply historically accurate to do so . 
  while poland was overall incredibly admirable during wwii , it was n't a pure shining angel -- it readily jumped into the fall of czechoslovakia to grab territory , and during the inter-war years did it 's fair share of oppression against ukrainian minorities and self-determination movements in the east . 
  but what i 'm arguing here is something that i 've done a * lot * of reading and research on , and not only from polish sources ( in fact those make up a small minority of the sources i 've read ) . 
  like i said , when it comes to history i 'm a historian first and foremost and i follow the facts and views that have the most support , i do not follow bias . 
  but in this case , the facts , the research , the study have all lined up to support this argument , and in this case they readily support the polish claims . 
   hindsight , speculation , and overestimation . 
  no , this was the established plan of operations that british , french , and polish military command had developed in the months leading up to the conflict , based on significant levels of espionage , strategic discussion and development , troop training , armament , and even troop deployment . 
  the western forces * were deployed to follow this exact plan , this was actually all outlined in the military treaties and agreements the french and british had made with poland in the years and months leading up to the war . 
  * no hindsight , the british and french simply * did not follow through on their plans and very detailed promises . 
  * they did n't just promise to declare war , they actually laid out exactly what they would do and then did not do it -- hence why most military historians agree that this was a betrayal . 
   in 1939 the germans had the most powerful army in europe . 
  no they did not . 
  look at the levels of rearmament during the 30 's and wwii , try reading actual books about this . 
  in 1939 the french army not only outnumbered the german army , it was also better equipped and better supplied . 
  the rearmament rate of the german military was rapid , however it had yet to surpass the men , material , tanks , artillery , and aircraft of the western forces in 1939 -- it would n't surpass their levels for another year . 
  german rearmament was n't even going to be complete by the standards that german generals had requested for a potential conflict with france and britain until * 1941 * . 
  even at the time of the invasion of france in 1940 , the french and british militaries in france outnumbered and outgunned that of germany 's military , 144 divisions to germany 's 141 , only being surpassed in the number of military aircraft . 
   they assumed that a strong push would be atrocious and could not be done unless there was a ready reserve of men in the rear to support the vanguard and defend from a german counter attack . 
  you should look up what british , french , and german generals had to say at the time . 
  many western officers called for immediate attacks on germany due to the paltry german forces deployed against them and the overwhelming military advantage of the western troops at the time . 
  german generals decried the polish invasion as a folly because they knew that should the british and french attack from the west , germany would collapse * in a matter of weeks * , with about 20 weak divisions deployed on the west facing over 100 well-armed french and british divisions . 
  ** there was no capacity for germany to launch a counter attack , it 's forces were deployed in an evasive military screen in the west and almost all of its powerful offensive armies , panzer divisions , etc were deployed in the fight against poland . 
  the troops stationed in the west were only capable of mediocre holding actions , hell the entire fucking invasion was literally just a gamble by hitler who assumed the british and french would n't even declare war on germany given their prior behavior . 
  **  i could also say that had poland spent more money and effort in creating a formidable fighting force they could have held out long enough for the british and french to prepare and launch an offensive . 
  the order of operations as outlined by the allies had been for poland to hold out for only two weeks against a german invasion , giving the western troops plenty of time to launch their attack from their prepared positions , which the western militaries had decided would require only * three days after a german invasion of poland * to prepare . 
  the polish forces held out for * over a month * against not only the german military , but an invasion from the east by soviet forces as well . 
  not only did the british and french have more time than they had planned for in order to launch attacks on germany , they failed to do anything more than two small raids against the german forces . 
  during the invasion of poland , the german military met * far * more resistance than expected and lost several major engagements , taking significant casualties and getting bogged down in a conflict that lasted a month . 
  the western troops were already deployed at the border with germany , once deployed it should have taken less than a week to launch the * already planned and prepared * operations into german territory . 
  nothing happened because british and french political leaders twiddled their thumbs and did n't want to get involved in a conflict that was n't affecting them . 
  that is not an excuse , that is a betrayal . 
   poland was stupid for not having done this . 
  poland * had * rearmed , and very efficiently at that . 
  given it 's devastated economy , it being a relatively young nation , it 's lack of military infrastructure , poland had done a remarkable job of preparing it 's military . 
  it did not have the industrialized economy of germany or the west , yet despite that polish troops held out against an invasion on two fronts for * over a month * , with no natural barriers to aid them ( poland lies in the center of the european plain , it 's virtually entirely flat ) against forces that outnumbered them . 
  to compare , the french and british capitulated in roughly the same amount of time ** ( poland held out for 1 month and 5 days , france held out for 1 month and 12 days ) ** against a one-front attack , with far larger and better equipped militaries , better infrastructure , and virtually every single greater advantage than the poles had ( hell they did n't even have to conquer half of poland 's territory , the soviets took the eastern half of poland ) . 
  the germans had gotten plenty of practice against the poles in fighting a rapid conquest , and got the advantage of being on the attack against the western troops in 1940 , along with having had plenty of extra time to continue rapid rearmament and match the western forces militarily -- time that the british and french had happily given them between 1939 and 1940 . 
  poland spent all of the money it could on preparing it 's military , there was no way it could have been better prepared * which is why it made an alliance with britain and france . 
  *  how about we avoid armchair genius and think that maybe the generals of france and britain who had spent a lifetime practicing the art of war ... yeah , how about we let them decide . 
  oh wait , those same generals had * actively called for invasion of germany in 1939 , an invasion they were prepared for and knew they could win . 
  go read about it . 
  * it was n't the french and british militaries that betrayed poland -- they were not responsible for the betrayal . 
  it was the french and british politicians that refused to allow their militaries to carry out what had been planned and promised . 
  they forced the western militaries to sit on their hands and watch as everything went to shit . 
  this is n't `` armchair general '' logic , i did n't come up with any of this . 
  this is the knowledge i have accrued from actively studying the political and military history of wwii , and is n't an outlying opinion so much as it 's generally accepted knowledge based off of professional historical study of the facts ; recorded statements and communications from allied and german generals , statistical data regarding the number of troops and armaments in the various armies , statements from politicians , recorded troop deployments , drawn up military plans , etc. 
  but the most effective argument is this : britain and france made a military alliance with poland , * and in writing * , specified that they would launch an invasion of germany within 3 days of germany invading poland , given that poland would be able to hold out for at least two weeks ( again , they held out for over a month ) . 
  this was agreed upon , planned , prepared , situated , and understood by all parties . 
  then when it was game-time , the british and french * did not do this * , failed to hold up their end of the bargain , and stood back as poland was subject to one of the most brutal invasions and occupations in history . 
  make any argument you want to try to justify their actions , ** if britain and france were n't going to follow through and invade germany as promised then they should n't have signed a military alliance with poland and made those promises . 
  ** maybe then poland could have tried to find some other avenue and done something else to help ensure it 's sovereignty and existence . 
  if i sign a business contract with someone telling them that i will pick them up at the airport when their plane lands , and then * of my own free will , consciously never go to pick that person up * , then i am wrong , pure and simple . 
  that is a betrayal , and there is literally no way to debate that point -- it was formally agreed upon by all parties . 
  you 're the one spouting off uneducated nonsense because you have n't actually looked into the subject sufficiently , and as a result fall back on the pseudo-historical habit of careful justification . 
  just because oftentimes when studying history it 's safer to assume that things would have likely inevitably played out the same way no matter what , does n't mean that when there is a plethora of information on the subject we can not deduce that in certain situations , incredible mistakes were made and tragic events occurred because of them . 
  it 's widely acknowledged by most military historians that the british and french had a golden opportunity to nip the war in the bud in 1939 , and failed to do so out of short-sighted self interest . 
  if you like i can reference you a number of works by different historians so you can do the readings yourself . 
  i 'm not some biased anti-western idiot who ignores reality and runs around claiming that poland could have been saved , i am a historian first and foremost and i would n't be arguing this point if it was n't something i have n't gone into depth studying . 
  there are countless other subjects regarding polish history that would come off as negative , where i just as firmly would and have opposed people with a pro-polish argument because it 's simply historically accurate to do so . 
  while poland was overall incredibly admirable during wwii , it was n't a pure shining angel -- it readily jumped into the fall of czechoslovakia to grab territory , and during the inter-war years did it 's fair share of oppression against ukrainian minorities and self-determination movements in the east . 
  but what i 'm arguing here is something that i 've done a * lot * of reading and research on , and not only from polish sources ( in fact those make up a small minority of the sources i 've read ) . 
  when it comes to history i 'm a historian first and foremost and i follow the facts and views that have the most support , i do not follow bias . 
  but in this case , the facts , the research , the study have all lined up to support this argument , and in this case it readily supports the polish claims . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't think that starting another world war at the time would have been feasible , at least not for most europeans . 
  everyone was too exhausted from the past 6 years of devastating war , and who knows how that conflict would have turned out . 
  in the best case scenario it would still have resulted in millions of more lives lost -- the red army in 1945 was the most powerful military force the world had ever seen , the only thing they lacked was nuclear weapons , and the united states only had a few to speak of at the time . 
  not to say that the us would have necessarily lost , given it 's relatively untouched manpower and overwhelming industrial might , but the soviet forces could have just as well defeated their less experienced western counterparts ( the vanguard of the red army in 1945 was * incredibly * experienced , very well armed , very well-led , determined , used to a brutal level of conflict that western troops had n't experienced , and * huge * ) and pushed further into the west , creating a much more protracted conflict . 
  i do think however much more pressure should have been put on the soviets , more support should have been given to independent elements in poland and eastern europe , and the * threat * of military action should have been used to dissuade soviet land/power grabs in eastern europe . 
  however suddenly turning around and engaging soviet troops would have been foolhardy . 
  even if the negotiations failed , at least history would know that the west had done everything they could to help save europe from tyranny short of starting a potentially more devastating conflict . 
  also , it 's unrealistic to expect the west to have instantly started an offensive against the ussr . 
  the western powers were not dictatorships , they were and are democracies , and the people of those countries would not have suddenly acquiesced to fighting a nation that had up to that point been their valuable allies who did the brunt of the fighting against the nazi forces . 
  had the western leaders actually ordered an invasion of the ussr in 1945 , they would have quickly been ousted at home and peace would have been called for -- except then the ussr would have been even less willing to play ball . 
  if britain and france had really been out to defeat an evil force from the get-go , then they would have launched an attack against germany in 1939 when the germans had about 20 divisions on their western border facing over 100 french and british divisions that had been planning via established military doctrine for a concentrated invasion of germany within 3 days of a german attack on poland . 
  instead they sat there , naval warfare or no , and let the germans invade poland almost completely unmolested by poland 's allies from the west . 
  maybe later in the conflict the british and french fought for an honorable cause , but in 1939 they were entirely pursuing their own self-interests . 
  hell i 'm not even going to go into the possibilities earlier on when germany was breaking the restrictions placed upon it by the versailles treaty regarding rearmament , or the anschluss , or even the annexation of czechoslovakia . 
  had britain and france launched an attack on germany from the west when germany invaded poland , the entire war would have been ended quickly and countless millions of lives would have been saved . 
  the french and british had over 100 divisions sitting on the border with germany in september of 1939 . 
  the germans had left around 20 on their western border . 
  most german generals agreed that had france and britain launched a concentrated attack within 3 days of war being declared ( as was outlined in their military alliance with poland ) then germany would have been unable to hold out for more than 2 weeks . 
  in fact french/british military doctrine at the time had been outlined for launching full-scale assaults into german territory , it 's a myth that france 's military doctrine exclusively called for sitting on the maginot line , that was only in the case of a german attack against france . 
  nobody expected france and britain to ship troops over to poland to fight against the germans there . 
  however the plan had been for britain and france to swiftly and powerfully attack germany from the west , with poland simply holding out against german invasion for the few weeks necessary for their allies to bring about a decisive victory against the germans from the west . 
  poland managed to hold out for over a month , not only against the germans but also against the soviet invasion that it was unprepared for -- this was well above the expected couple of weeks that french/polish/british command had planned for . 
  that would have given the western forces plenty of time to either decisively defeat the mediocre german troops stationed in the west ( not only were there relatively few german troops stationed there , they were also among the worst-equipped and lowest quality divisions in the german army , positioned there only to act as a military screen to dissuade what was thought to be an inevitable attack through evasive actions and feints ) , or at least put germany under sufficient pressure to cease it 's invasion of poland and call for peace . 
  chances are had germany quickly been brought out of the conflict with poland , the ussr would have hesitated in moving into polish territory , as stalin had delayed soviet involvement in poland until september 17th ( the germans launched the invasion on september 1st ) specifically in order to gauge the situation , both the level of german success against polish troops and what the west 's reaction would be to the german invasion . 
  had germany pulled out of poland ( particularly prior to the 17th , which would have been very likely given a full-scale invasion from the west ) , the ussr would have likely felt it too risky to invade , at least at the time . 
  soviet troops in 1939 were relatively poor , as was seen in their poor performance against finnish forces in the winter war , and as was further highlighted in their horrendous destruction in the opening stages of operation barbarossa , performing far worse against the german military than polish troops did in the september campaign . 
  in 1939 , france had the most powerful military in the world . 
  it was germany that needed more time to finish rearmament and organize , hell german rearmament plans had stipulated that germany would n't be ready for war against the west or the ussr until 1941 -- they went into poland relatively unprepared . 
  however by 1940 , the quick pace of german rearmament had pretty much brought germany 's military up to par with that of the french ( and britain 's expeditionary forces ) and enabled it to launch the invasion of france . 
  if france and britain had committed their troops to an attack on germany shortly after the invasion of poland , the war would have been brought to a quick conclusion and saved * millions * of lives . 
  france and britain did n't just betray poland ; by betraying poland , they betrayed themselves and countless millions of people . 
  only the u.s. had nukes in 1945 .
