  poland does n't seem to have the same qualms with confronting russian aggression . 
  it was n't a win , it was simply a pyrrhic victory for the ussr . 
  poland on the other hand * definitely * `` won '' against the soviets in 1921 . 
  the ( hypothetical ) situation is far less favorable now . 
  putin did n't just purge his officer corps , his troops are well equipped and well trained , finland is going up against a fully industrialized russian military , not rural conscripts , and we live in a highly advanced era of warfare where molotov cocktails ca n't destroy tanks and russian technology and logistics can compensate for cold weather . 
  there is no simo hayha coming who will shoot down migs and penetrate heavily armored mbt 's with his trusty rifle . 
  finland could play a stalling game as russian troops advanced , but a full force concentrated assault would see finland thrown into a devastating evasive , guerrilla-style conflict without major aid from the west . 
  as if sweden and austria are the significant military powers in europe ? 
  france arguably has the most powerful eu military , and great britain has tons of experience with deploying troops for foreign conflicts . 
  not saying they would directly go to war , but major military aid is virtually a given . 
  poland would certainly send everything it could spare , and given their very close relations i 'd be shocked if germany did n't send war materiel as well -- and i have n't even mentioned the u.s. 
  but most importantly , russia invading finland would absolutely guarantee global condemnation and action from the un , russia 's security council veto would n't do a thing to help them . 
  hell , they could probably get kicked out of their position for it and finally allow the un to start pursuing some sort of cohesive geopolitical policy for once . 
  i do n't think the chinese would be too willing to risk completely alienating the eu and u.s. by doing anything but abstaining in that situation . 
  the world does n't view finland like it does ukraine ( sadly for the ukrainians , but somewhat good for the finns ) , it is n't seen as some poor puppet state of russia . 
  action against the finns would not be tolerated so meekly . 
  eastern europeans are noticing this , and its beginning to seriously tarnish the relationship between major bulwark countries like poland and western europe . 
  you should really start paying attention , eastern europe holds the future of all of europe . 
  no , if the right things are done , not said . 
  words mean nothing , this has only been further highlighted in the past two years . 
  good answer . 
  also , demonizing those you strongly disagree with only makes it more difficult for you to properly understand them and their motives , weakening your own side . 
  minimum wage ai n't all that great in nc either . 
  especially when trying to pay all the extra bills . 
  but you make a fair point , wages here are definitely better than they were back in poland . 
  yes i completely do . 
  infrastructure , health , income , gdp , population , art , education , literally every single aspect would be * much * better had the czechs , poles , and hungarians not been subjected to 50 years of brutal and enept communist dictatorship . 
  the czech republic would be comparable to austria had it not suffered communism . 
   i would n't say it destroyed the country or set it back 40 years . 
  obviously , it was a stalinist terrorstate , but from a cultural standpoint , they develloped world-class cinema and superb childrens shows that people in the east and the west both enjoyed . 
  literally quoted word for word from the comment / u/malobonum was replying to . 
  that comment implies that in some way , shape , or form , things * completely inconsequential to a nation such as children 's shows * somehow make up for the dramatic impact on the lives of people through economic mismanagement and stalinist political repression . 
  you would n't give a flying fuck about what germany accomplished `` culturally '' right now if it also included germany being an economically mediocre nation , when it had the potential to be better on an order of magnitudes . 
  south ossetia is occupied , not all of georgia . 
  yeah but saying that good children 's shows make up for decades of economic stagnation and political repression is so stupid it 's practically offensive . 
  russia will survive this . 
  nobody will want it to go back to the instability of the 90s . 
  if putin is dead , then we 'll see someone take the helm ( medvedev according to the constitution ) , while power struggles take place behind the scenes -- whoever comes out on top then will end up as the new pm . 
  the country will not descend into anarchy , if anything this will serve to unify the public , the only conflicts that might occur would be among the upper leadership , and in past russian political fashion these conflicts have usually played themselves out without anarchic collapse of the state . 
  russia does not need putin to remain a stable state , as many issues as the country has it * is * still a powerful and stable country that can handle an unexpected succession crisis . 
  exactly . 
  bull . 
  normal is not relative like that . 
  it is n't `` normal '' for him to by a misogynist , regardless of what other immigrants are like . 
  if he is n't living in a country where the culture is misogynistic then he is n't `` normal '' , he is abnormal and downright * wrong * and should not be justified in his views . 
  cultural relativism is a cancer that slowly erodes humanitarian ideals and morals . 
  not everything is about you , romania, 
  he said budapest in his comment , not bucharest . 
  actually those conflicts are simply examples of ones where america decided that they simply were n't with the effort necessary to absolutely ensure victory . 
  it simply was n't worth it to mobilize a fullscale invasion of north vietnam and cambodia/laos -- but america certainly could have if we * really wanted to * . 
  trust me a fullscale ww2 style mobilization of resources and manpower would have handily won those conflicts , but it simply is n't worth it to go through that kind of effort for a regional conflict that can be abandoned without drastic security consequences . 
  iraq was not a failure of the military , it was a failure of foreign policy and premature withdrawal . 
  just look at the state of iraq after the 2007 surge and the sons of iraq program -- the country had been virtually entirely pacified and things were looking incredibly hopeful . 
  but then we prematurely withdrew our troops and more importantly the massive state department apparatus that had kept the country running despite the crippling divide between the majority shiah east , and the arab sunni west ( rough simplification , the actual geographical divide is a bit more complicated than that ) , and then the new predominately shiah government proceeded to disband sons of iraq , fire all of the remaining sunnis in the government , and then completely alienate them from the political process and deny them equal treatment . 
  and so of course those sunnis began to take up arms -- especially now that most of the american troops were gone -- and many of them began to follow religious extremists rather than just tribal chiefs , eventually leading to what we have now with isis . 
  however one of the few things that had actually gone * right * in all of this was the remarkable success of the u.s. military during the 2007 surge , so your pithy argument really does n't hold up if you know the history . 
  poland is raring for a righteous fight to protect the intermarum . 
  and science victory after we landed on the moon . 
  [ i 'm sorry i ca n't register your sarcasm over the sound of all our aircraft carriers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_aircraft_carriers_by_country ) [ we have 10 nimitz class super-carriers that are larger than anything else in the water , while the u.k. has a much smaller 1 in the water and only 1 more on the way . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aircraft_carrier_comparison.jpg ) not to mention our massive army , air force , marine corps , drone death-squads , and all of our nukes . 
  not even a fight ... 
  being neutral means you do n't get to have any allies/bros . 
  you just have acquaintances . 
  excellent post . 
  issues like this need compromise -- and if it 's handled responsibly , moderately , and appropriately this will not end nearly as badly the fear-mongers claim . 
  everyone has to remember that we are * constantly * dealing with major issues that are claimed to be the end-all-be-all issue that will destroy our societies . 
  europe can not just open the floodgates and let in anyone who wants to get in -- but that being said this refugee crisis is a major humanitarian issue that * needs * to be addressed in ways beyond simply `` building a wall shipping them all back to the middle east '' . 
   have you ever had pierogies ? 
  given that / u/ziggypox is from poland , it is safe to say that he has in fact had pierogi ( it 's already plural without the s , think ravioli or spaghetti ) . 
  suck my dienis , 
  that picture directly shows them doing a salute which has an unmistakable meaning . 
  i 'm aware that this is of course the old roman salute , but there is only one * real reason * why they would do this , as they and everyone else in poland and europe are exactly aware of what this salute entails . 
  even if they claim it 's the roman salute , they know what they really mean , and they 're just fucking idiots . 
  how is that at all a love of poland , when you 're doing a salute used by people who did everything in their power to destroy poland ? 
  the nazis hated poland , these people doing the salute are just retarded . 
  every country in the world has some retards . 
  they are n't `` too in love with poland '' , they 're just retarded . 
  why does that matter at all ? 
  i went to a non-private american high school that i guarantee gave me a better education than 90 % of the schools i 've seen in europe . 
  have you ever even * been * to the united states before ? 
  you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  come visit first before you start spitting off bullshit `` facts '' that you only ever hear from reddit . 
  the us is n't nearly the hellhole they 'll have you believe . 
  it 's got some of the world 's most advanced infrastructure , education systems , and specialized healthcare . 
  however with a nation the size of the us ( imagine all of europe as one nation ) you have certain areas that bring down the national average in certain respects . 
  the education system of la or texas does n't speak volumes about the * rest * of the nation 's education . 
  that 's like saying bulgaria 's education system is reflective of germany 's . 
  case in point , you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  says the guy that did n't know what the polish flag represented . 
  i bet you do n't know your own cultural heritage and history . 
  no , the polish flag is based around the blood and sacrifice of the people ( represented on the bottom ) supporting the collective conscience , heredity , and the idea of a polish people ( which is represented by the white on top ) . 
  warszawa goes without saying as a very polish city , * historically * , except that it was completely destroyed during ww2 and pretty much the entire city is no older than 70 years old . 
  even the old town was completely rebuilt from historical records , pictures , paintings , and architectural records . 
  a large part of warsaw architecture is shitty soviet era stuff , though it is being replaced en-masse with more attractive modern architecture . 
  lviv was * owned * by austria-hungary . 
  that is very , very different from * being * austro-hungarian . 
  all of it 's architecture was built by poles in a strictly polish style . 
  the same goes for krakow . 
  by the time austria-hungary annexed southern poland both cities had had hundreds of years of polish architectural history . 
  not to mention that when poland was partitioned , prussia was the only one of the three partitioning powers who did n't install a relatively autonomous local polish-run government .
