  i am an american because i adopted this country and its ideals , but i am polish by birth and upbringing and trust me i know * very well * the kind of mentality you speak of . 
  i had family that fought in the warsaw uprising and were betrayed by the soviets . 
  i get it . 
  that does n't mean i get to warp history however and say `` well the russians did a whole lot of shit so now the ones living here in 2014 should be discriminated against ! '', 
  it does n't work like that . 
  my grandmother , who was born in latvia , grew up there , spoke latvian , worked and lived in riga almost her entire life , is not treated like an equal latvian by many latvians just because her passport says ethnicity : russian , in it . 
  when the ussr fell and she applied for her pension with the latvian government , a comfortable pension she had earned working as a civil engineer , she had absolutely no problems with the latvians processing her documents in front of her , up until they saw that she had worked in moscow for only * 5 years * and also happened to have on her passport `` russian by ethnicity '' . 
  she got denied and only receives the bare minimum pension , not even enough to cover her electricity and water bills ( we have to send her money each month so she can survive , in what is apparently a socialistic state that `` takes care of its people unlike the u.s. '' ) . 
  this was complete racism and it is still experienced by many russians in latvia , just like caucas people experience it in moscow . 
  oh and fun fact about anti-semitism , the nazis had n't even reached riga before the latvians there started killing all of their jewish neighbors . 
  i am a latvian citizen ( as well as polish and american ) . 
  i 've lived in riga , i am descended from those ethnically russian latvians -- i do know what i 'm talking about . 
  probably because their families have been living there for over a hundred years ? 
  your argument might have some merit if the russian minorities living in estonia and latvia had n't already been living there for some 200 + years . 
  these are rarely just soviet era transplants , most of those returned to russia after the fall of the ussr . 
  many of them come from families that have lived in the region for generations and generations . 
  i have a russian grandmother who was born in latvia of the same type , she can trace her family 's existence in latvia back over 180 years . 
  not really ridiculous in that case for them to insist upon equal treatment and protest to discrimination . 
  while i do oppose russia 's actions in regards to ukraine , the situation of russians in the baltic states * actually is * pretty rough . 
  hell , in several of those countries the old militias that fought with the nazis and killed slavs and jews are still heralded as heroes by many . 
  russia is n't north korea . 
  it 's not like they ca n't find luxury goods within russia or import them through third parties , we ca n't just dangle access to the west in front of the russian leadership and expect it to actually influence their geopolitical actions . 
  back during the cold war none of the soviet leadership had access to anything from the west anyways , and it did n't affect them then . 
  russia is also not some third world hellhole where the only way they can get luxury goods is to import them , they have plenty of domestic industries available to provide the rich and powerful with the stuff they want . 
  i guarantee you that putting travel bans and sanctions on russia would do * nothing * to stop russia from sending troops to ukraine , and to believe that it would is to be naive to an extreme . 
  you sound like the over-sure cocky guy in the movie who underestimates the monster and then is left holding his dick in shock when his gun does n't work against it , and his last thoughts are `` but it should have worked '' . 
  if you think that travel bans are enough to dictate russia 's geopolitical actions then you are so overwhelmingly naive of the situation it 's laughable . 
  jews are ( obviously ) not represented because of the inherent antisemitic sentiment of the era , added with their lack of `` national identity '' at this point at least in the eyes of non-jews , and most likely worsened even more due to significantly higher levels of antisemitism during this era on the parts of groups such as lithuanians and ukrainians ( who were more significant economic competitors of jewish populations than poles , russians , or germans would be in the regions of lithuania , belarus , and ukraine ) . 
  jews were oftentimes a majority in the cities of vilnius and lwow , sort of flip-flopping between jews and poles being the majority ( the flip to poles usually occurred after a wave of pogroms , eventually switching back to jews however due to jews being overwhelmingly located in urban areas at this time ) . 
  however not counting the jewish populations , these cities were overwhelmingly polish and despite the jewish majorities during this era were decidedly polish in culture , language , art , architecture , and history . 
  the majority of jews in those cities that did not identify first and foremost as `` jewish '' ethnically identified as polish , and the language predominately spoken in those cities was in fact polish ( along with a nearly equivalently sized polish population ) . 
  lithuanian/belorussian/ukrainian populations in these cities were miniscule , so it is incredibly inaccurate to label those cities as such . 
  hence the relatively accurate portrayal of ethnic mixing in much of eastern europe except for the northern part ( lithuania/belarus ) , and anything pertaining to poles . 
  if you want an actual idea of what eastern europe looked like ethnically at this time then take a look at how mixed it is in the southern regions of this map around the baltic sea , as well as in south eastern russia , and apply that same type of spotting and mixing to the areas in lithuania , belarus , western ukraine , and around the baltic . 
  the cities of vilnius and lwow ( lemberg on this map ) were by far predominately polish and jewish rather than solidly lithuanian and ukrainian as this map would suggest . 
  and while the countryside around them would have been more lithuanian/ukrainian than polish , it would have still had very large polish minorities , along with significant german and russian communities meriting mention . 
  even now lithuania , belarus , and ukraine still have significant polish minorities despite the massive ethnic cleansing enacted against poles by the germans and other ethnic groups during wwii , as well as after wwii by soviet troops and the new communist governments of said countries . 
  how it 's possible that those polish minority groups were so heavily cleansed from those regions yet still maintain a modern presence based off of this ethnic map is evidence enough showing the overwhelming bias present in this work . 
  yeah but it 's unlikely that sufficient help would come from western powers , at least going off of prior history . 
  from a polish perspective , it 's foolish to go down the same route that already got them screwed over , it 's safer to try and put more focus on a plan that calls for poland being able to handle the problem by herself . 
  prepare for the worst , then if any foreign aid does n't come then they wo n't be any worse for it . 
  well it 's been polish policy to rely heavily on foreign support in the event of foreign invasion ; but clearly looking at poland 's history this has been of virtually no help and poland has generally provided more for it 's allies in the case of a conflict than it has received . 
  so obviously the only other alternative is to put more emphasis on personal reliability . 
  if enough money and focus is put into defense , then it is quite possible that poland could wage a defensive war that would make it too costly for russia to invade . 
  by cost , i do n't mean simply casualties . 
  modern warfare does not operate just like that ; you need to keep public opinion , spend billions of dollars on logistics , re-purposing national industries in a still largely redeveloping economy for large-scale wartime purposes , and countless other expenses for a war that simply would not be easy enough nor profitable enough to warrant that kind of expense . 
  there are no vital resources or other economic advantages to be gained by invading poland -- pretty much the only thing russia would gain is more territory ( which it has plenty of ) in order to give it a greater measure of power at the expense of other european nations on the continent . 
  russia was willing to put a massive amount of effort into previous conflicts because there were either strong economic incentives or it was total war . 
  to add to this , the lances were able to be so long because they were made hollow , so the weight did not make them unusable . 
  also , once the lance would break , there was another sword that they would pull out on the charge which was essentially a long rod with a tapered point on the end , sort of like a really thick foil ( sword used for fencing ) that they would use sort of like a mini lance to stab people with while they still kept momentum from the charge . 
  the szabla ( saber ) was not actually used until either the charge had lost some momentum and the hussars were embroiled in battle , the hussars were fighting other cavalry , or the hussars were chasing down fleeing enemies . 
  also , hussars were often equipped with numerous pistols so that if they ever were bogged down during the charge they would have the necessary weaponry to fend off infantry that might try to overwhelm them . 
  they are n't exactly the same . 
  while functionally they may sound incredibly similar , the \u017c is pronounced like the g in rouge , however the rz is a palatalization of an r like in english . 
  basically , the tip of the tongue is in different positions and the difference in the sound being made is just barely different . 
  with \u017c the tongue is `` flat '' and the tip is facing forward , while the middle of the tongue is moving up to the palate . 
  with rz the tip of the tongue is curled back and moved up to the palate . 
  i had this drilled into me for a solid hour when i was a kid so i could properly pronounce my last name ( brz ... ) , and it 's also info you can find http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_orthography but functionally the sound is basically the same and yes it 's very redundant for actually speaking the language . 
  us , polish , and latvian . 
  best thing i 've gotten from them is having multiple passports . 
  gives me more options when traveling internationally . 
  when i went to argentina over the summer , i used my polish passport to avoid paying the entry fee required of those using us passports , and then when flying back to the us used my american passport to go through the faster lines and security . 
  poland also has a history of being willing to commit it 's armed forces in serious operations . 
  it contributed significant resources and troops to operations in both iraq and afghanistan , as well as aiding in operations in haiti and the balkans . 
  this is largely due to poland 's strong and avid support for us and nato operations , but poland 's increasing investment in the eu indicates that it would be equally willing to lend it 's support there as well . 
  yeah , considering much of what was claimed to be german there ( such as silesia ) did not actually have a german majority , and pretty much all of eastern europe is taken by russia when in reality the entirety of ukrainian territory is ignored , and poland 's territory would have also extended much further east . 
  in fact russia is completely off . 
  for those who are n't polish : the additional seat is kept in memory of how mary and joseph could not find an adequate place to stay the night of jesus ' birth , so we keep a seat empty to show that should a stranger not have a place to stay on christmas eve , they have a welcome spot at our table . 
  some more traditions : put some straw ( could be a small little bundle , or it can be strewn across the table ) under the table cloth to symbolize how jesus was born on straw in a manger . 
  in many parts of eastern poland ( and parts of western poland where poles from former eastern poland were deported after wwii , and much of ukraine ) , a traditional dish called [ kutia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kutia ) is eaten , which is basically a sweet grain dish made with milk , honey , poppy seeds , and nuts ( though the ingredients vary a bit from region to region ) . 
  presents are typically opened the night of christmas eve , either before or after the midnight mass . 
  a funny thing to see is oftentimes when you go to midnight mass in smaller villages you will see men come to church with sausage and vodka packed away in their coats , so that right after the mass is concluded they can begin eating meat and drinking heavily . 
  caroling is also observed in much of the nation as well , and oftentimes caroling children are given chocolate or candies as a treat . 
  pickles are n't the chaser , they 're the snack that goes with the drink . 
  the chaser is another type of drink , even in poland . 
  oh i got the joke , it was just really bad , and i also took the opportunity to explain the actual meaning behind the flag for those who do n't actually know . 
   americans rarely eat bread and they 're really fat . 
  lol . 
  all americans eat is carbs . 
  i mean that 's a very valid point , i was just clarifying that it was n't all of georgia . 
  well no offense meant , but what you 're saying indicates that you have studied very little to no russian foreign policy and/or politics , and is honestly coming off as quite naive . 
  just because it bears relevance : i am actually half russian myself , my educational focus is on international politics concentrating on eastern europe , and what you 've said pretty solidly contradicts with what russia actually is . 
  it is n't a purely evil empire like many in the west believe , but it sure as hell is n't pretty and its foreign policy is * decidedly * not a benevolent one -- the focus is almost entirely on maximizing russian power typically at the expense of weaker neighbors , and russia values its regional domination and extension of sphere of influence more than even the u.s. 
  i mean that is a possible avenue that might play out , but just because the finns have goodwill towards russia does n't mean that russia will act with goodwill toward finland . 
  the only small nations near russia 's borders that it has ever treated with any significant amount of goodwill or benevolence are those that are directly and subserviently under its sphere of influence . 
  finland has acted with goodwill toward russia but it has * not * placed itself subservient to russia and under its sphere of influence ( deliberately so ) . 
  in the russian approach to regional foreign policy , this is tantamount to opposition and thus poses a threat to russian security and interests . 
  haha yeah , history teaches us incredibly important lessons , but it also shows that those who rely on flukes '' repeating themselves end up getting screwed over . 
  those people are n't aware enough to consider the fact that russia also learned some important lessons back then ( well they probably do , but they probably make the naive assumption that the lesson learned was `` do n't mess with finland '' which definitely is not what the russians took away ) , and that if they want to ensure their survival they need to prepare for the worst . 
  it 's not like finland back in the 30s did n't do everything it possibly could to prepare itself for the impending war , and that finland had to throw absolutely everything it had at the invasion to survive even with the advantages it had . 
  oh of course they do , but i would n't say that it makes the utmost difference between the two different approaches as poland 's location and population has not prevented it from falling under russian domination in the past -- in fact these things have arguably heightened it 's risk due to the increased strategic value they provide . 
  rather , history determines these current attitudes . 
  finland did not fall under soviet domination after ww2 whereas poland did -- since finland escaped this imperialism it took a stance of careful neutrality to avoid the risk of soviet invasion during the cold war , a very serious and likely threat had it joined nato at the time . 
  however this quickly ingrained itself as an * institution * rather than simply a policy ( much like switzerland ) , and following the collapse of the ussr , while poland and the other former warsaw pact nations joined nato given russia 's inability to prevent this ( and to protect against future russian resurgence like now ) , finland felt no reason to do so because it 's system had been working for it under the unique geopolitical dynamics of the cold war -- the country got used to neutrality and felt that finland had nothing to gain by reinstating itself into the sphere of geopolitical competition . 
  however the dynamics of the cold war do n't apply the same way to the current resurgence of russian imperialism , and now finland is threatened again and it is too late for it to join nato to protect against russian aggression because russia is powerful enough to prevent that ( and nato does n't want to dramatically escalate the tension with a militarily resurgent russia ) . 
  finland lost it 's opportunity to fully secure against future aggression because the policy of neutrality cemented itself as an institution into the very social fabric of the society . 
  poland on the other hand has * constantly * fought for survival against russian imperialism and so never took itself out of the realm of geopolitical struggle . 
  i used the phrase for emphasis , but even so magnitudes also increase on a 0.1 scale . 
  and given that * so many different parts * of the country would be dramatically improved , not only economically but also culturally , intellectually , scientifically , medicinally , and socially , the cumulative effect would make it a much more prosperous nation by a very wide margin . 
  you could argue that given the choice you would 10 times prefer being born in switzerland over the czech republic .
