and nothing that putin has said or done indicates that he would pursue a policy of ethnic cleansing -- not all authoritarian rulers are inherently bent on genocide . 
  you can even have `` benevolent '' dictators who work to actively protect minorities and ethnic groups -- pilsudski for example . 
  i 'm not saying that putin is a benevolent dictator whatsoever , i vehemently oppose his actions and his authoritarian rule , but we also have to be realistic and neutral observers in regard to what might happen in the future . 
  war could very likely happen , and putin could very likely commit warcrimes and has already blatantly violated international law -- but it is very unrealistic to presume that he is liable to embark on a campaign of ethnic cleansing when there has been nothing to indicate that he would do so . 
  putin is motivated purely by geo-political interests -- while this may seem like a clash between russians and ukrainians to many , most russians do not see it this way and instead are operating under the belief that they are simply helping their democratic , eastern slavic brothers fight off pro-western fascists . 
  systematic ethnic cleansing will not be implemented by moscow , at least not under the current government . 
  yeah the right of self-determination is not on the forefront of moscow 's goals by any means , and do n't get me wrong i completely abhor russia 's latest actions . 
  that being said , the russian federation is an incredibly diverse , multi-ethnic state with significant levels of diversity within all strata of russian society , both public and private , on almost all the levels of power . 
  it is ridiculous to assume that moscow would engage in genuine , determined ethnic cleansing -- not after the massive ethnic/demographic shifts of the early-mid soviet union . 
  minor , unconnected instances of violence against pow 's does not count as a systematic policy of ethnic cleansing and genocide , and cases that * might * seem like ethnic cleansing such as in chechnya , the caucus , or eastern ukraine are not motivated by racial/ethnic desires but rather political ones . 
  the situation in eastern ukraine may seem to many like a clash between the ukrainian people and the russian people , but the russian people have no desire to wipe out the ukrainians and in fact tend to see them as their brothers -- they 've convinced themselves that they are simply fighting against fascist elements from the west , not ukraine . 
  they are n't saying that he is just like hitler , with an intent to bring about genocide and massive world-conflict and designs on conquering all of europe -- they 're comparing his actions to those of hitler 's foreign policy in the years leading up to 1939 . 
  they are apt comparisons and both situations bore much in common -- it 's not an unfounded comparison like when idiots in the u.s. tried to say that obama was just like hitler . 
  yup . 
  great britain , france , and the eu itself have repeatedly reaffirmed that nato is in fact the primary defender of europe and that the military cooperation of the eu is specifically designed to be limited in order not to get in the way of nato operations and defense protocols . 
  dude you 're purposefully ignoring what i 'm explaining to you . 
  it was directly stipulated that if germany invaded poland then britain and france * would launch an invasion into germany within three days . 
  * this was not open to interpretation , it was n't that an `` invasion was deemed incorrect '' , it was ** literally them reneging on their written promise to invade germany as soon as poland was invaded . 
  ** you are wrong , it was a betrayal . 
  what the fuck did they think would happen if they sat back and let the germans take over poland unmolested , that germany would get weaker ? 
  just stop , you have n't studied the history and you are factually incorrect . 
  probably . 
  if he was to do anything then it 's likely he 'd send troops very covertly , even moreso than what 's happened in ukraine . 
  even more likely however he would try to portray the situation as a defensive action , with russia simply responding to aggression on the part of it 's neighbors . 
  the most likely situation would be another cold-war era baring of teeth at each other , with slight escalations across borders until maybe something spontaneously erupted in such a way that it would n't spark a massive conflict , just a localized one . 
  but there is always a chance that putin could go for broke and go just far enough in that the situation blew up into full-scale war . 
  in that case , i do n't really think that the russian people would be willing to put up with anything less than victory , and if/when the russian military would start to be pushed back and lose , putin would be ousted and there would be a power-shift in russia . 
  the only way that putin could reconstruct a new russian `` empire '' would be slowly and gradually , avoiding overt and direct conflict with the west . 
  these latest developments may not seem slow to us , but relatively speaking they are n't part of a greater overall push at quick expansion so much as they 're reactions to what moscow perceives as ukraine breaking away and potentially being out of russia 's grasp in the future -- so moscow acts now while it still has a chance . 
  but it remains to be seen what happens . 
  the only way that war between nato and russia would take place is if a nato state comes under attack by russian troops , and i guess we 'll just have to see if putin is dumb enough to do that , or confident enough to take the risk of trying covert action again . 
  that was n't a mistake , it was a deliberate decision to not attack . 
  how the hell does that count as a mistake , they expressly stated that they would act and then * did not act * when it was time for them to do so . 
  it 's not like the fucking paperwork got lost . 
  it was only a `` mistake '' for britain and france in the future , and their mistake was betraying poland like that and not acting when they were * bound to by written and ratified treaty * . 
  stop trying to justify britain and france 's inaction -- if they did n't want to act , then they should n't have fucking signed any treaties where they specifically outlined that they would launch an invasion of germany within 3 days of poland being invaded . 
  they failed to carry that * explicit * directive out , and that is literally what is called a betrayal . 
  cute . 
  shame you 've had the united states to baby you and clean up all the messes you made in the past 200 years . 
  oh yeah , i completely agree with you that the unit is not there to fight russia alone . 
  hell that 5,000 man unit ( while it would certainly come in handy ) is still * much * smaller than the polish military alone and would n't be decisive in and of itself in any conflict . 
  eve moreso than being a fast-response force , it 's job is n't specifically to hold off the russian forces , that 's the overall job of the eastern nato armies ( poland , the baltic states , romania etc ) , and it would again be of negligible importance in this overall mission compared to the armed forces of said nations . 
  what it really serves for is , as people have laid out , more of a symbolic reassurance that polish/baltic troops would not be fighting alone , only `` hoping '' that western troops would eventually make their way there a la wwii . 
  it 's just a bit of concrete proof from the western nato allies to poland and the baltic states that the west is ready , able , and determined to back them up with troops on the ground . 
  kind of like a `` do n't worry , we understand that words are only words so to reassure you , here 's some tangible troops on the ground right now so you know that we are committed and will send more if necessary in the future . '', 
  this also serves the added purpose of not only nato obligations demanding that the rest of nato goes to war if one nato member is attacked , but also directly ensures that if the baltic states and poland are invaded , the armed forces of western nato allies will also be subject to attack thus ** absolutely ** guaranteeing that said nations will go to war against an invader , under the domestic laws of those nations and not only under nato obligations . 
  i disagree however that the us would n't need to intervene -- even though europe combined might have the necessary military strength to defeat russia , europe * is n't * a centralized entity and would n't want to have to put such an all-out effort into fighting that war alone just to `` let america sit this one out . '', 
  america is the linchpin of nato , it is pretty much the reason that nato continues to exist and is so effective , without the united states nato would be hardly more cohesive and effective than the league of nations was . 
  america would jump into that fight right away for a number of reasons , as it is clearly the leader of the alliance , it has made its own guarantees to poland and the baltic states , it is one of the few nato member nations that is fully capable of fighting that sort of conflict at any given time . 
  no other nation has the same level of military infrastructure ( i mean there are hundreds of floating military supply depots stationed all over the world for u.s. expeditionary forces to use at a moment 's notice , not to mention the mobile armies that are u.s. navy aircraft carriers ) , troop readiness , military supply , military funding , military * experience * , technology , armaments , etc necessary to react rapidly to an all-out war away from it 's immediate geographic location , and not only react but actually be able to decisively * win * a conflict against a military power like the russian federation . 
  in reality , the eu has been able to confidently spread to the east primarily because it for the most part falls under the military umbrella of nato and subsequently , has the backing of the united states of america . 
  if the eu was n't backed up by nato , it would have met far more resistance from russia in it 's spread east and would n't be nearly as bold in doing so -- the eu has yet to organize a cohesive and reliable level of military unity that would suffice to confront a military like russia 's -- nato was * literally founded * for the purpose of opposing the ussr and later the warsaw pact . 
  the eu has started to develop it 's own military international components , such as the eu battle groups , but those are still only the nascent stages of a full-fledged eu military arm , similar to how the european coal and steel community was simply the nascent stages of what would become the eu . 
  not to mention that poland will not have to fight russia alone -- it is a nato member nation and a very significant one at that . 
  a war between poland and russia would be a war between russia and all of nato . 
  i highly doubt that russia would be capable of successfully occupying poland now either -- it is not nearly as powerful as the ussr and the russian empire were and * definitely * does n't have the necessary strength both economic , political , and military , to sufficiently invade and occupy poland without it absolutely ruining them -- the ussr could n't handle afghanistan , and there 's no way that modern russia could successfully occupy modern poland . 
  it would definitely work . 
  it is how the post-wwii and post-soviet world system has been structured , it is the alliance that stood up to the warsaw pact and it has been signed and ratified by the governments of every single member . 
  no nato member nation would risk shirking it 's obligations to the alliance as this would both make them an international pariah , and would risk the entire alliance falling apart and jeopardizing the security and vital interests of every single nato member ( read : no more u.s. military support , no more cooperation in arms development , no deterrent for local conflicts , no deterrent for conventional warfare , loss of trade , collapse of international relations , the list goes on and on ) . 
  the only way that nato would fall apart is if the united states suddenly decided to shirk it 's obligations ( which simply would n't happen as nato is essentially it 's brainchild and the primary building block of u.s. foreign policy ) -- as long as the u.s. continues to stand by nato , every other nato member will stand by the alliance as they can rest assured that the united states will ensure their security , do the majority of the work , and continue to stay on america 's good side . 
  planes , * maybe * , but russia has always had an incredibly strong focus on it 's tank forces and fields not only the largest amount of tanks in the world , but also some of the most advanced and effective ones too . 
  granted , much of their large tank forces are equipped with second generation tanks , but then again so are much of the west 's . 
  the russian military is * structured * around being effective at large-scale conventional warfare , and while we can quite confidently say that russia would not win a war against nato , that war would not be easy or clear-cut by any means . 
  russia still has the second most powerful military force on the planet , only surpassed by the united states . 
  and in the case of war in eastern europe , the u.s. still has to send it 's armed forces across an ocean and most of a continent while russia only has to send it 's armed forces across a border . 
  but that should n't discourage us from confronting russia and being willing to engage in a conflict should the need arise -- we just need to be realistic about what would happen so that we can be best prepared for a conflict should one occur . 
  it would already be an automatic declaration of war on everyone involved because that is the central tenant of nato . 
  an attack on one nato member is * automatically * an attack on all . 
  humiliation ? 
  i 'm not even going to try to type all this shit out again . 
  [ if you have n't fucking studied history then do n't make dumbass historical claims because you are going to end up looking like the fucking idiot you are . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/ck9ytll ), 
  you 're welcome . 
  however i do n't know why your point of the uk being unable to beat the ussr alone was brought up in the first place ? 
  that 's pretty much a foregone conclusion . 
  you should go ahead and read some of my other posts in this thread . 
  this is n't something out of `` hindsight '' , this was actually exactly what had been planned and prepared by the allied powers leading up the invasion of poland -- and not only prepared , but * promised in binding , written agreement * to the polish government by the british and french . 
  very many british , french , and even german generals at the time knew that a western invasion of germany at the time would virtually guarantee german capitulation within weeks -- and plenty of british and french generals actively called for the invasion and protested their political superior 's decisions not to carry out the attack . 
  this is widely accepted historical knowledge by most military historians , and i laid out all of the appropriate arguments in other posts : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/ck9ytll, 
  you 're very right with your assessment , that is what pretty much what happened ( though poland was by no means `` small '' ) . 
  that being said , none of the west has written obligations or alliances with ukraine , which poland had with britain and france in 1939 . 
  in regards to dropping a nuke on moscow in the 40s , that would have been pretty much impossible prior to the advent of nuclear missiles . 
  for a bomber to reach moscow from allied territory would have required it to fly over * hundreds * of miles of enemy territory , full of anti-air and enemy aircraft -- it would be essentially guaranteed that this bomber would n't have made it 30 miles into soviet territory , let alone be assured that it could fly all the way to moscow ( check out a map , it 's really far away from western europe ) and have enough gas to make it back , not run into mechanical issues , and somehow manage to avoid being brought down during the hours of flying over heavily armed hostile territory . 
  also , the time frame you outlined ( 1949/1950 ) would have been much too late as the soviets had developed their own nuclear bomb in 1949 . 
  a potential nuclear strike on moscow would have had to occur before that to avoid the risk of nuclear retaliation . 
  wait , just to be clear , you 're saying that you do n't think that the uk could have beaten the ussr in 4 years without american help , right ? 
  if that 's what you 're saying , then that 's not just a valid viewpoint , that is a * massive * understatement . 
  there is no way in hell that the uk would have stood a chance against the ussr , the uk by itself would have been swept aside , it 's military * paled * in comparison to that of the soviet union , especially in 1945 . 
  if there had been a war in 1945 between the west and the ussr , the western effort would have been overwhelmingly dominated by the united states along with a re-armed and restructured wehrmacht . 
  the uk would certainly have contributed very significantly , but in a war of that scale would have been kind of out of it 's league . 
  a war between the western allies and the ussr in 1945 would have been even larger than wwii up to that point . 
  eh , the way it was stated made it seem like `` nuclear war '' was a two-sided conflict in which nuclear arms are the primary weapon used by both parties . 
  if only one side has nuclear weapons you do n't really call it a nuclear war -- we do n't call the war between the u.s. and japan a `` nuclear war '' . 
  for example , if you hear about a confrontation in the news where a guy with a gun and a guy with a knife fought each other using their respective weapons , you do n't call that a `` shootout '' . 
  it was very obvious actually -- the plans had already been drawn up , developed , and * prepared for action * months before and leading up to the conflict , based on significant levels of espionage , strategic planning , professional evaluation , etc. 
  they were prepared for war , there were dozens of divisions literally stationed right on the border with germany in september of 1939 that had long ago prepared for planned attacks on german positions , with dozens more waiting in reserve -- over 100 western divisions total facing just over 20 german divisions of poor quality that were only deployed there to act as a screen . 
  even german generals at the time readily admitted that should the british and french launch a counter-invasion of germany during germany 's invasion of poland , it would have only taken about * two weeks * for germany to be handily defeated . 
  after breaking through an incredibly weak german `` line '' ( more like a threadbare screen ) the allied troops would have faced virtually open ground . 
  french and british generals protested the orders to stand down , and called on their political superiors to launch attacks against germany as per the well-prepared plans and * written promises to the polish government . 
  * it was actually pretty damn obvious , and historical research shows that the only reason it did n't happen was that french and british politicians were happy to shirk their duties and continue avoiding full confrontation with germany so long as it did n't affect them -- why fight for poland and have to make sacrifices when it 's obvious that germany would n't dare launch a full-scale attack on france ?
