us dutchies could have at least filled the holes when we paved the road . 
  we have that for the dutch national elections and european elections . 
  not municipal because you do n't live in a dutch municipal if you live in let 's say the usa . 
  you get a ballot per mail , and send it back , so it 's postal voting . 
  ~ ~ only for dutch nationals outside of the country . 
  for example you can cast your vote at the embassy in washington dc , which will be mailed by the embassy . 
  but other than that . 
  no . ~ ~ you can vote per post , but only if you register ahead and live outside of the netherlands . 
  there are voting booths usually within 200 metres of your home . 
  you can vote at any booth in your municipal , and can do so from 7:30 to 21:00 . 
  if you can not vote yourself you can grant your spouse/friend/uncle / neighbour your vote , so they can vote for you . 
  how is this not easy ? 
  the dutch national election had a turn up of 72 % in 2012 . 
  municipal elections a few months ago had a turn up of 54 % . 
  too low , if you ask me . 
  yet i do n't want a compulsory vote . 
  of course , that can happen , 
  it 's a paradox , and that makes me a little more confident in where our nation is going . 
  the complain about not being properly represented . 
  `` i am being cut on my allowance by the government . '', 
  `` i do n't feel like the government treats me right . '', 
  `` our foreign policy is not what i want . '', 
  vote . 
  it changes your position . 
  you participate . 
  not voting means no say in anything . 
  and because you disagree with the government but can not be arsed to go vote for a party you do agree with , you are not entitled to any kind of complains relating policies . 
  they ca n't be bothered , to them it seems too big and far away and do n't have a say in it . 
  which is true if you do n't vote . 
  it 's a `` i do n't know what to vote '' non-vote or a `` i ca n't be bothered '' non-vote . 
  that really angers me , shitting on everything but refusing to vote . 
  if you do n't vote , you should stop complaining . 
  do elaborate , this seems very interesting !, 
  this seems a very biased video . 
  ** ** ( `` do not moisturize the pencil '' ) **, 
  i doubt the participation will be much higher in other countries . 
  europe is often , ill considered if you ask me , seen as something too far away and big . 
  this makes people think that their vote does n't matter , and therefore they do not vote . 
  i did vote , and now my vote weighs more . 
  so that 's a bright side of that . 
  nice idea , but i feel like this image [ needs more jpg ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qezhxp-pdos ) . 
  when i first saw the title i though ` huh ? 
  i am not subscribed to the tf2 subreddit . ', 
  turns out it 's even worse . 
  awful that this happens . 
  who says it 's a student though , i am just guessing one of their teachers was having a rough day and wanted to get some extra ` buzz ' . 
  this is just speculation here , but if i recall correctly frisian was partially repopulated by the danish . 
  this is why the languages are quite alike . 
  and , we always stand in the shadow of our neighbour germany . 
  but then again , you have these cool three friends up north , and all we get is belgium ( torn by a language barrier ) and luxemburg ( ... i do n't even know if they even have a regulated language . 
  i always feel like they know dutch , german and french and just randomly choose a language to pronounce a word . 
  ^ ^ ( observations ^ ^ from ^ ^ rtl 's ^ ^ ` de journal ' ), 
  this is usually an overestimated number . 
  people who claim they were in the resistance were not part of the main core . 
  when a german soldier would ask ` wo ist der bahnhof ? ', 
  ( where can i find the train station ? 
  ) , a dutchmen would say ` do ist der bahnhof ' ( there 's the train station ) and point the opposite direction . 
  it 's more about what you consider passive and active resistance . 
  edit : fun family fact , my great grandfather killed a ` traitor ' because he was going to rad out one of their hidden fugitives . 
  according to my mother , he did n't talk about it nor the war . 
  i am not an expert , i would n't know . 
  but not telling the whole truth , or lying about certain parts of the greek economy could have been enough to cause a collapse in the system of the euro . 
  lol . 
  more like the politicians they trusted to act in their best interest need to be called out . 
  in all seriousness , most voters are n't economics majors , they do n't have to know how . 
  that is the entire idea of electing representitives . 
  the eurozone is n't the bad guy here , most greeks are n't even mad at the euro zone . 
  they are mad at their politicians who lied ( to them and to the euro-countries ) and got them into this mess, 
  well , 20 million usd is a lot of money . 
  do you throw away money because you have enough to live on ? 
  that 's 20 million paid for by taxpayers , and wasting it is a great loss . 
  even if it 's just 1 cent too much per tax payer . 
  like someone already said , the notes have been designed like this for a reason , and with seriously great care . 
  size * and * colour help distinguish them more easily . 
  so if you 're blind you could also notice the difference in size . 
  if you 're colour blind it would be easier to quickly notice different bills based on their outlines in your wallet . 
  i do n't think there any features of any euro coin or note you could mention as ` useless ' . 
  this has been designed by talented , driven and experienced people . 
  bills are more expensive to maintain . 
  bills crumble and tear eventually , to they need to be destroyed . 
  the u.s. could save 20 million a year by switching from 1 $ bills to 1 $ coins . 
  the difference in size of the bills is a design choice , it allows cashiers to quickly see what kind of bill they have in their hands . 
  do you feel this also affects their opinion on say , gay marriage ? 
  does it cause tension inside the country on the front of politics ? 
  late to the party , sorry about that . 
  do you feel a difference between the lower class in the way they view europe and the west ? 
  but asking a company to give their golden formula is just stupid . 
  example : coca cola is the biggest vendor of cola in france . 
  the french government feels that it 's an unfair monopoly . 
  the french government then proposes a bill to have coca cola give up their secret recipe . 
  it 's just as silly . 
  and there are plenty of search engines out there . 
  duck duck go , bing , you name them . 
  there is a small nub that converts micro-usb to lightning . 
  which is new to turkey , from the foundation of the turkish republic by ataturk the government has been secular . 
  i 'm telling you . 
  their attitude towards the dutch language is disrespectful to their fellow countrymen . 
  i say we call for a vote . 
  or the pompous dropping parts of a word . 
  it 's disgusting how they say `` vla '' instead of `` vlaai '' .
