indeed it does dude . 
  it just hurt me when i read that they 're in love . 
  you can have my help if you need it bro . 
  i am alone, 
  well , here in spain it is only like a `` buenorra '' or `` piv\u00f3n '' for beautiful girls . 
  for ugly ones it is `` orco '' or `` craco '' hahahaha, 
  whenever you need it , man . 
  my school was very near to a air force camp/base ( do n't know how to say it , i 'm spanish ) . 
  i had like 5 or 6 years . 
  so one day , during math class , we heard like a big explosion and all the windows burst at once . 
  i just stood there like what the fuck while all the other children cried . 
  some glasses incrustated in my teacher 's arm and face and it was fucking horryfing . 
  that 's a pretty big trauma for me . 
  sorry for my english and all that stuff, 
  edit : the big explosion was caused by a supersonic plane that went out of its rute and passed over the school at a very low altitude, 
  you do n't know 4chan do n't you ? 
  god bless you for playing kotor, 
  communism is way better that this rotten and over-used capitalism we are under dictatorship now . 
  but since all communist countries have turned into very strong dictatorships , people ca n't see the pure idea of communism . 
  +1 for intended ( or unintended ) south park, 
  that sucks man . 
  i punched the face of a motherfucker for psychologically bullying my sister . 
  how about you ? 
  you boss, 
  i laughed way too much at this and it is n't funny, 
  not spain, 
  the typical last-second basket score, 
  i would like you as my dictator, 
  the pc master race, 
  happy cake day !, 
  the jewfro is strong in this one . 
  what about fallout ? 
  you wrote an e, 
  nope , played in spain . 
  but still some parts are all fucking censored, 
  because the half of them are fake, 
  wax factory would be sooo fucked, 
  it is paella . 
  yeah , not so good on english xd, 
  i mean the reduction of budget and support in public education . 
  well or you know how to make up stories or that really happened . 
  cheers, 
  mind to tell one ? 
  wan na hear something, 
  wow op ... that 's sad, 
  that hurts to read, 
  fuck you whale !!!, 
  fuck you dolpheen !!, 
  yeah , i am pissed off but i did n't really have a choice . 
  i was born with phimosis and it had to be removed . 
  it really angers my father ( he is muslim ) but well , i suppose i will never know the pleasure that the uncut people feel . 
  well , my parents told me it was not because religious reasons . 
  maybe they lied to me , but i do n't see the point of lying about that . 
  wilfred . 
  such a hilarious and mind-blowing show . 
  that show was so creepy i had nightmares everyday, 
  i fear we will never get it :(, 
  activision denied radical entertainment the development of p3 due to the low copies sold of p2, 
  cat . 
  titanic was already found, 
  duuuuude ... 
  as a spaniard , i have to say cuanto cabr\u00f3n is only read by kids who are 12-13 . 
  it is the page that everyone laughs their ass on because it is so bad, 
  yes you are right, 
  because i think their wages are enough for them . 
  why do i have to pay their good job , when their bosses do ? 
  and because i am poor as fuck , too . 
  i hate the current materialism and overlooking of brands in teenagers . 
  what if that kid they are laughing their ass up does n't have the money to buy that expensive ugly as fuck polo they all wear ? 
  ugh , i hate this kind of things, 
  well , i did n't knew that point of view though . 
  maybe now i will leave some ( not much ) cash for the poor under paid servers, 
  just put your lips like if you were to whistle , and let a `` q '' slip out . 
  it worked for me !, 
  i am , but not for leaving 0.50 $ every rare occasion i get to eat outside, 
  did your mother recover ? 
  how can you even ask yourself this question ? 
  it is obvious that palestine is being massacred by israel in horrific ways , going from power abuse to missile attacks , and now they 're planning to attack them by land . 
  israel is committing war crimes and killing innocent people only for a small ass place were palestinians want to live a peaceful life and nothing else . 
  i laughed way too hard, 
  being spanish , sergio , pablo or javier are more common nowadays, 
  yeah , but that is about to change sooner or later . 
  give it like 30 years . 
  what a great game . 
  have you played the sequel ? 
  so do i. 
  but i think i heard it was n't very possible . 
  just heard it , maybe not . 
  and dat ass ... 
  do n't know if troll or just simply retarded, 
  definitely troll, 
  im from a nearby town near parla , and you should bring ... well , there is nothing special about parla , i do n't think you should bring something very special , parla is a very common town . 
  with the normal things you 're okay, 
  denver thundercocks, 
  in twitch.tv the comments are something like a troll pit , and when someone asks `` what is the song ? '', 
  people reply with the shitty darude-sandstorm joke, 
  why is he an ignorant ? 
  just asking, 
  wow , then he really is an ignorant, 
  you mean the first episode , right ?
