  no one is more offensive than us when it comes to insult, 
  why ? 
  wow , didnt expext such an elaborated answer . 
  i have only played 3 and nv , i didnt know about the former history of the brotherhood of steel or the supermutants . 
  thank you !, 
  yes it has context . 
  it means that his dad has prostate cancer ( sorry for ya ) . 
  was it that hard to understand ? 
   sex kate upton , emma watson and jennifer lawrence at the same time, 
  ftfy, 
  oops , sorry for being mean and a newfag . 
  cheers, 
  * clicking intensifies *, 
  you mean the animated one ? 
  still scarred by that optimus prime part ... 
  how could you * live * ? 
  thinking about how many different opinions in the earth join together to make a really shitty world, 
  the one about that guy who lied about having cancer, 
  i think she was their preschool teacher, 
  really surprised me he cheated on upvotes . 
  why would you want more karma ? 
  it is almost useless, 
  you son of a bitch, 
  i 'm fan of felix matomicromort, 
  are you corey561 ? 
  as all of spain is beautiful , i would say you should go to granada , madrid , barcelona and santiago de compostela, 
  no one really say that . 
  it 's more `` me cago en la leche '' ( i shit in the milk ) that means something like `` shit ! '', 
  i had forgotten about the line ... such a great game, 
  yeah i was talking about spec ops . 
  and you are so right !, 
  gon na play it again soon, 
  i think it is an strategy ( a very stupid one ) to make you see the `` power '' of jesus . 
  people make that shit up to convert other people, 
  but i can get you to write . 
  hmm i 'll be going simple . 
  favorite color ? 
  hey , i exist !, 
  not really see it anymore , but / r/theydidthemath and the following response / r/theydidthemonstermath really pissed me off . 
  also this . 
  wow that 's really sad . 
  do you know what happened with him ? 
  yep, 
  i know tons about otto von bismarck 's life . 
  i do n't know why i chose to learn who he was , what he did and when he lived , but now i know where was he born ( sch\u00f6nhausen , prussia ) , that he invented social security , that he was the first chancellor of germany ... really not proud of it , but i love talking about ol' bismarck 's life . 
  as a lover of the metro series , i liked more the metro 2033 atmosphere than the ll one . 
  but i enjoyed ll a lot more than 2033 . 
  dat sneaking parts ... 
  yeah , they were very unrealistic, 
  not at winning wars, 
  only horror movie to give me nightmares, 
  yay !, 
  there 's something so unsettling about that picture lol, 
  computercraft is the best mod i 've seen for any game, 
  great film , great soundtrack ... 
  thank you so much, 
  they look like the egyptian pyramids, 
  billy bob thornton in fargo . 
  i think bad santa is the worst film i 've ever seen , but man his role as lorne malvo was fucking superb . 
  they 're really incredible . 
  keep up the good work, 
  definitely worst . 
  the second day of the year , my cat dies . 
  then , in july , i fall in love with somebody that did n't love me back ( she did n't even know my surname ) . 
  i spent three months to finally accept that she would never love me back , because the one that truly loves is the one that ca n't forget . 
  then , the 6th of november my grandmother dies . 
  fuck you , 2014, 
  because my family does n't like christmas and therefore i ca n't celebrate it . 
  when i die i 'm going to be a voyeur, 
  i ca n't wait to die . 
  i find this one the saddest in this thread, 
  hey , you were a kid . 
  now you have grown up and you know that if your granddad still lived , you 'd had started talking to him sooner or later . 
  at least that 's my point of view , sorry if i 'm speaking too much of something i barely nothing about . 
  yo uso reddit is fun no , no auto actualiza . 
  that was great . 
  i loved the fat man one . 
  reminds me of south-east asia, 
  this is getting really over-exaggerated . 
  she did n't die , for fucks sake, 
  incredibly good film, 
  for me it 's love is a laserquest by the arctic monkeys . 
  especially sad if you listen it after breaking up with someone, 
  that was rather disappointing, 
  when people post pictures of themselves crying . 
  just ugh, 
  it depends on when you 're wearing them , bring shorts because sometimes granada can be hot as fuck , about the collared shirts i dunno , if it 's your style . 
  and always bring a suit . 
  even if you end up not even putting it on , do always bring a suit when traveling . 
  i 'm no etymologist but i believe that latin comes from classic greek , which comes from indoeuropean language , which is basically the mother of some of the most spoken languages today . 
  we know little about indoeuropean , and about why the order is like it is , no idea, 
  cancer patients/survivors are not heroes . 
  wilfred . 
  funny , original and with a lot of plot twists . 
  one of my favorite shows . 
  it 's actually ka-eh-sar . 
  actually yes , my bad . 
  but what i meant is that it is not ai , it 's something like ah-eh, 
  you already did . 
  spain is different,
