  that 's a `` she should n't have dressed so slutty '' argument . 
  yes there were nazi supporters in austria . 
  no they were not a majority . 
  yes germany invaded austria . 
  no germany never said sorry afterwards . 
  but instead germans keep arguing that `` she really wanted it '' and `` she meant yes '' . 
  any proof for your bullshit claims ? 
  there is no way to determine how many austrians actively supported the nazis in 1938 . 
  a majority of austrians supported an anschluss after wwi . 
  so they supported a democratic austria joining a democratic germany . 
  but in 1938 germany invaded austria and staged fake elections . 
  you would vote pro anschluss too , if there was an armed ss-trooper standing right next to you . 
  burn , work , girl ... stop it english . 
  - er in german . 
  although it 's even more wide-spread in austria . 
  here is almost everyone some form of meier , bauer , berger , huber ect . 
  we had right wing populism before it was cool . 
  they 're running the third election campaign this year . 
  maybe they 're out of ideas . 
  hofer 's party the fp\u00d6 always uses a similar layout and colour scheme . 
  van der bellen is running as an independent candidate and as such is avoiding the recognizable style of the green party . 
  in his case the flag serves as a very neutral backround option . 
  derstandard.at posted [ this picture ] ( http://images.derstandard.at/2016/09/11/hofervanderbellenartikelbild.jpg ) in todays article . 
  i think we all know whom to vote for . 
  she was also old and religious and afraid that she will go to hell for partakeing in the partition . 
  but her advicers talked her into it anyway . 
  we in austria sometimes jokingy call it '' \u00f6l '' . 
  but i do n't think there 's a connection . 
  i heared it started because a big brand had the word `` beer '' in various languages printed on the bottles and people found '' \u00f6l '' to be funny . 
  we got one bronze medal !, 
  that 's one bronze medal more than last summer games . 
  so pretty successfull olympics for austria . 
  last year `` der standard '' only posted and published pictures of suffering women and children . 
  gulasch is obviously austrian . 
  ha , that 's nothing against austria 's stealth carrier group !, 
  oh shit , i was n't supp . . 
  the map shows `` alemannic dialects '' at a weird place and `` swiss german '' . 
  swiss german is the biggest ( group of ) alemannic dialect ( s ) . 
  that 's a really stupid map . 
  why would you exclude the cup winners cup ? 
  it 's difficult . 
  on the one hand i would say today they are not much different from other right wing/populist parties in europe . 
  on the other hand they are not a newly emerged political movement of angry citizens , but they have a tradition . 
  they 've been around since 1949 ( as vdu ) and 1956 ( fp\u00d6 ) . 
  they were the party for `` voters who did n't align with one of the two major parties '' . 
  or to put it in other words : former nazis . 
  almost all important early fp\u00d6 politicians were fromer nsdap and often ss members . 
  and the fp\u00d6 never distanced themselves from their own past and prefer to simply not talk about it . 
  so in short , people who drink a lot of beer . 
  that did n't stop c\u00e9line dion . 
  italy always has great entries and this year is no exception . 
  it 's a shame that it 's so unpopular over there . 
  because in the first round of the presidential elections , the social democratic candidate and former minister in faymann 's government rudolf hundstorfer , got 11 % of votes . 
  now the party is in disarray and want to change something . 
  they just do n't know what . 
  so the fire the unpopular party leader , because they think it 's better than doing nothing . 
  as a 170 cm male i feel very tall , now that i know that there are shorter guys out there . 
  good thing i only use axe . 
  i should be on the save side . 
  no turkey , car and month are two different things . 
  poleviet union, 
  with brexit the job stealing brown people will finally go back to czechoslovenia . 
  that 's all we got ? 
  i was there as a kid/teen and it was really underwhelming . 
  of course my father was really excited and the reason why we stopped there in the first place . 
  you ca n't really see the defenses from inside the town . 
  just some overgrown old walls . 
  that was 20 years ago , so things might have changed . 
  austria finally won one yesterday . 
  [ i feel so proud !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yfmgu/alcohol_consumption_among_students_incl_us/ ), 
  so did everyone living in a certain clan area bear the same surname ? 
  did everybody belong automatically to the local clan ? 
  or was it just the nobility ? 
  and if most people in an area had the same last name , how did they keep track whether or not they were actually related ? 
  what is this ? 
  a coffee for ants ? 
  did they have meinl supermarkets in hungary ? 
  their supermarket concept in austria was kind of stupid . 
  they sold everything a regular store had , but more expensive . 
  now they 're back to coffee and corruption . 
  we have seagulls at the danube . 
  not having sea access does n't save you from those fuckers . 
  i loved these shows . 
  especially the one about america . 
  this was what first got me interested in history . 
  the one about the human body was also ok , but i did n't understand most of it at the time . 
  same in german . 
  there are so many jokes that i get only now as an adult , but i still loved the comics and the movies as a child . 
  it does n't include norway or switzerland . 
  it clearly portrais the members of the european union after the 1995 enlargement . 
  but it 's the eu-15 , so probably from the 90ies . 
  ah look , austria has no imigrants , just austrians fleeing to germany . 
  no , that 's not correct . 
  the hammer represents the workers , the sickle the farmers/rural population and the crown is a mural crown ( mauerkrone ) , it represents the city dwellers , the bourgeoisie , the classic `` b\u00fcrgertum '' . 
  i know that bourgeoisie is a loaded term , becasue socialists heavily used it as an insult for the `` upper class '' , but `` b\u00fcrgertum '' means more something like `` middle class '' . 
  sport stars , pewdiepie and attractive women ... and wtf latvia ? 
  that happens when you brexit . 
  you become american level crazy . 
  ok , but how much is that in ar-15s ?
