and i thought for a moment you 're talking about the stadthalle wien . 
  there is still a greek restaurant next to that really beautiful greek-orthodox church . 
  you have beaches . 
  i for example put bulgaria on my list , but not the popular scandinavians . 
  because no way i 'd voluntarily move to an even colder country . 
  you had the option not to take part in an aggressive war , but you did n't . 
  now much slovakia contributed does n't matter . 
  poland btw . 
  played the largest role after the us and britain , and now refuses to take middle eastern refugees . 
  but all four of you could n't get on board fast enough , when america invaded iraq and destabilised the region for decades . 
  and now you refuse to take any responsibility for your actions . 
  `` neger '' was a perfectly neutral word in the german language and was widely used , until being politically correct became popular . 
  we ca n't say this anymore , because america ... 
  growing up in the 80s and early 90s , it was also the word i learned , but i 've since stopped useing it . 
  but i totally understand why elderly people , who used this word their entire life without ill intentions , do n't understand why some foreign country should dictate us , how our language works . 
  and she could have won much more . 
  she just got very unlucky with injuries . 
  here you go !, 
  i visited bergamo with my family in the 90s . 
  in the midst of summer . 
  i swear , we did n't see a single other tourist . 
  every other major city has a landmark , that you need to know . 
  linz has the famous ... \u00e4hm ... the ... you know ... thing ... and stuff ... 
  everytime i see a modern anime character , i think `` oh another cheap mila ripp-off . '', 
  because it was the first cartoon series with this specific art style , that aired on austrian tv . 
  he also sang the german tom & jerry intro . 
  this series started my interest in history . 
  i think america was the first one i saw . 
  except `` gscheeat '' means stupid , or backwards . 
  often used for people from a different region , who speak a different accent . 
  it derives from `` geschert '' , meaning sheared , and comes from the fact that peasants used to have shorter hair , and the nobility used to grow their hair long . 
  so `` gscheeat '' was a derogatory term for the lower classes . 
  as i said , today it 's used for people from different regions . 
  because the peasants are always the others . 
  as did every other austrian at the time . 
  sorry , but no mozart for you today . 
  but you can keep hitler as a cosolation price . 
  once again you mistake austria for germany . 
  however , what will happen is , that more and more people vote for the right wing party fp\u00d6 . 
  and we 're still paying billions of tax euros for the chaos they caused the last time they were in ( both local and national ) government . 
  yes , they entered the war and then did exactly nothing to help poland in any way . 
  sounds a lot like german tourists in austria . 
  to me this was just as unintelligible as swedish or norwegian . 
  i did however understand luxembourgish and yiddish . 
  same for me . 
  english , german and 13x dutch . 
  i 'm just happy that none of my family members went to the inner city today . 
  because that 's what my parents and siblings often do on saturdays . 
  it 's really something different when such a tragedy happens in your home town . 
  i just hope all injured people survive and recover . 
  not at all . 
  languages i speak * german ( native ) * english ( school , movies , the internet ) languages i learned at some point * french ( 4 years at school . 
  12 years ago . 
  ca n't remember anything ) * italian ( 2 years at school . 
  14 years ago . 
  can still swear ) * spanish ( 1 semester at uni . 
  7 years ago . 
  to be honest , i spent the whole spanish course trying to hook up with a girl and failed miserably at this task . 
  so , that was a waste of time . ), 
  it took me a few seconds until i noticed the timer . 
  could have done it a little bit faster . 
  the english `` th '' sound in not a sound human beings are capable of . 
  you need to have a reptilian tongue to pronounce it . 
  this gives me at least some hope , that our country 's political class has not yet been infiltrated by lizzards . 
  yugo yugislav yugovic, 
  there was one guy who proposed after wwi that we name our country `` norische republik '' , becasue the name austria was too strongly associated with the habsburgs . 
  i always liked that idea . 
  back to the roots . 
  countries who 's national anthem is gender neutral . 
  it 's astonishing how austria 's team went from completely dominating the sport , to slightly above average , in only a few years . 
  i think we won two competitions this season . 
  do i really have to explain a stupid little joke ? 
  you often hear people from countries that used to be part of `` the east '' claiming that their country is not part of `` eastern europe '' , because they dislike the negative connotations that come with it . 
  so the joke here is , that although poland lies west of russia , it 's still part of `` the east '' . 
  poland . 
  russia of the ~ ~ west ~ ~ still east . 
  austria does elect the president directly and the next elections are this april . 
  `` austritt '' meaning `` exit '' in german . 
  are n't they speaking german in australia anyway ? 
  and the one single good general was french . 
  austrian cuisine is basically a best-of-empire . 
  on a more serious note . 
  i always get the impression , that czechs and hungarians have this `` the austrians did it '' view . 
  what they ignore is , that the average austrian peasants was just as disempowered as your average czech or hungarian . 
  in large parts of modern day austria the majority converted to protestantism as well and was just as brutaly re-catholizised , as the people in bohemia or hungary . 
  or the hungarians whine about how their revolution got violently surpressed in 1848 . 
  guess what ? 
  so was everyone else 's revolution . 
  a very serbian perspective , obviously . 
  but you might remember the little inconvenient fact that not all inhabitants of bosnia were ethnic serbians . 
  of course a lot of serbians wanted to join serbia and that was their good right . 
  assassinating people on the other hand , was n't . 
  how was a fox able to pull this off ? 
  money laundering , tax evasion , letterbox companies . 
  why would you change qwertz ? 
  we use z frequently and y almost never . 
  there 's a reason why y has to sit in a corner and is not allowed to play with the popular letters . 
  a lot of people in former eastern germany never learned english , but russian instead . 
  why did the americans build all their cities in the mediterranean and the atlantic ? 
  they probably did n't belive in global warming and now most of their cities are flooded .
