  poland has been shafted so many times by so many people in the last century . 
  if i was polish , i would want a strong military too . 
  i think you 're right . 
  these things :  minority rights are protected , there 's freedom of expression , speech etc. 
  describe a liberal society . 
  democracy is a political system , it does not mean a society has to have these social values . 
  the two usually go together , but you are right that they are not the same thing . 
  you could have a liberal autocracy - for instance , an king who still allows his subjects to say and do what they want so long as he remains absolute monarch . 
  likewise you can have a government of elected rulers who suppresses dissent and is deeply corrupt , restricts free speech and personal freedoms - this is erdogan 's turkey . 
  seems like most of those bigshot ceos are . 
  gates , sugar , jobs and probably more have all been described as short tempered , unreasonably demanding assholes by people who worked for them . 
  i guess that 's how they clawed their way to the top of the pile . 
  in my first year at university i lived with a girl who was a communist supporter . 
  as someone with a nerdy interest in soviet history , i could not believe anyone would be ignorant enough to want to bring back what they stood for . 
  i absolutely agree , i put another post in this thread with the same idea . 
  [ there are quite a few minor far-left parties . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_the_united_kingdom#minor_uk_left.2ffar-left_parties ) i expect most european countries have a similar number , but i do n't know . 
  i wonder if any of them are successful ? 
  you can * buy * a car that easily . 
  walk into a used car dealership with a wad of cash , purchase , drive off the forecourt and promptly run over grandma . 
  anyway switzerland does not have a gun problem , there is very little crime involving them over there . 
  so let the shooters have their fun - i know i would love to have a k31 to take to the range ( and i 'm an experienced shooter by the way , but not a gun owner ) . 
  however i can not be bothered with the expense and hassle of getting a firearm at this point in my life . 
  yes it can . 
  i can only speak for my own country , but guns are * never * owned by civilians for the purpose of killing people here . 
  they are for target shooting , hunting , pest control or antique collection . 
  not fighting . 
  cars are owned for utility , but surely i do n't need to clarify how dangerous they can both be if misused . 
  neither of them are owned with the purpose of killing , obviously . 
  i think it is a false premise to say that the purpose of guns ( in civilian life ) is to kill - that is why the army and police have guns , not the shooting club who spends saturdays putting holes in paper . 
  the idea of using them on people is abhorrent to shooters . 
  likewise a knife is a tool with the purpose of cutting things , but is quite capable of killing a person if you choose to use it like that . 
  it 's not why 99.9 % of knife owners have them . 
  i could go into other items of leisure and business which are quite capable of killing people if mistreated . 
  petrol is a very dangerous substance created because it burns so well . 
  it has the potential to be used for arson , but that is not its purpose . 
  it is silly to talk about the purpose of a tool as being something malevolent it * can * be used for when that is not what it is supposed to be used for , nor is it used for in the vast majority of cases . 
  i agree . 
  too many people have too little competence with vehicles to be allowed to use them . 
  i think it should be a lot easier to lose your license in the uk for moronic driving , but it seems to be an almost protected right . 
  you can pass your driving test once , and then drive for the next 70 years without your ability ever being checked again , even as road conditions , law and your own ability changes . 
  that is n't right . 
  if you 're a gun owner in the uk , after you 've passed all the police background checks and so on and got your license , the police will every few years check up on you to make sure you are storing your guns safely and that you 're still fit to own guns . 
  i rather wish it was the case with driving tests - maybe it should be the law that you have to re-take your driving test every 10 years to prove you 're still competent . 
  i ca n't believe some of the behaviour i see on the roads daily . 
  i believe that the ubiquity of guns in the us can cause things like domestic arguments between husband & wife to escalate quickly and violently . 
  let 's say the husband finds his wife in bed with another man - there 's quite likely to be a fight . 
  i think anyone would understand this . 
  now if the husband has a gun to hand , there 's a greatly increased chance that in the passion of the moment he could pull the trigger and kill someone , whereas without a gun he would be much less able to easily & seriously injure . 
  there might be a fistfight , objects thrown , clearly a lot of hatred , but a 1-second decision would n't so easily lead to murder . 
  another effect is that suicide rates tend to be increased when people susceptible to suicide have a reliable and quick way of doing it . 
  i do n't have a gun - if i wanted to kill myself , i 'd probably have to jump in front of a train or something since there are no tall buildings around , and i do n't think that drug overdoses are reliable or pleasant . 
  that makes it a little less certain that i 'd die , but if i knew i could blow my brains out instantly and painlessly in my own house it would become more attractive to do . 
  terrorism has not been the problem ( unless you count the irish troubles , but that was years ago now and a lot of the guns came from the usa ) . 
  the problem is more with organised crime - mafias , gangs , robbers etc. 
  can arm themselves through this route . 
  i too would like to know this . 
  we have very strict gun control in the uk , but the police still confiscate a substantial number of illegally owned firearms every year . 
  a lot of it is complete garbage , like poorly-made pistols smuggled in to to the country or blank-firing pistols crudely converted to shoot bullets , but there are also ak-47s and other more serious weapons . 
  it 's notable though that a lot of it was not sourced from legal gun owners ( i.e. 
  legal gun owners are very careful at keeping control of their guns ) , it was smuggled into the country and would never be allowed anyway . 
  if you own a firearm , it has to be registered with the police and they periodically check that you are storing it securely in a safe , and have n't `` lost '' it or anything like that . 
  cases like [ this ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/seven-court-after-uks-largest-6256820 ) seizure of vz .58 rifles and vz .61 machine pistols ( czechoslovak origin , smuggled from france by boat ) seem to be relatively common . 
  it makes me wonder how much of this stuff does not get found and how much there is in black market circulation in the uk . 
  a bit like drug busts , we only see what gets found which is maybe 1/3 at best of what is sent . 
  i was surprised to learn there is a communist party in the uk . 
  total membership is something like 500 people ( mostly students , idealistic & naiive young people ) , so it 's a joke , but it tickled me to know they exist . 
  not everything . 
  sure , there are doubtless terrible things that happened long ago that we shall never know about , because they have been successfully buried and forgotten . 
  but other things , like the human experimentation and biochemical warfare programs the us undertook have been laid out in the open now . 
  finnish is the reason there were no vowels left when welsh was invented . 
  as a briton , this is just bloody strange to me . 
  i ca n't believe there exist places in the world where public transport is not a nut-to-butt affair . 
  i certainly do n't !, 
  i agree . 
  russia had a great chance in the 1990s to head in a new direction , towards trade , openness and cooperation with the west . 
  instead its leaders reverted to the old ways of paranoia , mistrust and belligerence . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  europe and the usa would have welcomed russia into the fold if only russia had not become isolationist and nationalist . 
  sadly i ca n't agree with you about russians on an individual level . 
  i have only known a few , but they have been without exception maniuplative , violent , self-centred , spoiled arseholes who do nothing but shit on those around them and expect favours in return , then wonder why everybody hates them . 
  i think it reflects russia 's attitude as a state since the 2000s . 
  that 's pretty sad actually . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  i have believed for years that voting should be mandatory . 
  unless you can provide a good reason for not voting ( and voting is so easy these days ) , you should be fined . 
  it is ok if you say `` i choose nobody '' on your ballot paper , but you should at least submit a ballot paper and take part in the democratic process . 
  whenever i have a friend complaining about the state of politics in this country , i ask them if they voted in the last election . 
  if they say they did n't , i tell them to shut up because they made no attempt to change the people in power so they ca n't complain about them . 
  control the means of production and ... hmm . 
  forget your priorities , i guess ? 
  one of my teachers did n't know the difference between `` undermine '' and `` underline '' . 
  they mean the opposite of each other when speaking metaphorically , and we were both native english speakers . 
  it bugs me to this day . 
  in english , both tangerines and mandarins are small oranges . 
  this also clears up a mystery of why a tangerine is a traditional christmas present in my ( partially german ) family . 
  i never understood why giving someone a tiny orange at christmas would be special , but now i know . 
  honestly mate , if the northern irish want to join ireland they should be allowed to . 
  i do n't give a toss what country they want to be part of , so long as they 're happy with it . 
  thus leading to decades of holy war between france and germany .
