  if locals rebelled , the rebellions were * brutally * crushed . 
  countries were siezed by invasion , and to rule them mass executions , imprisonment and starvation were all used as tools . 
  not all british people know the extent of the horrors the empire perpetrated , particularly the famines and massacres . 
  i had a good history teacher in school who gave a balanced account of british history , but not all believe this was possible . 
  we 're british , by god , and we do n't behave that way !, 
  the shit is rapidly approaching the fan , but 52 % of people ca n't smell it yet . 
  it 's not that * at all * . 
  the s-400 system is not known to be compatible with surface-to-surface missiles and you ca n't just swap one over and expect it to work . 
  it is literally rocket science , shit 's complicated and very specialised . 
  russia has plenty of land attack missiles systems other than this . 
  the s-300 is a very good missile system that could be used , as any good sam system can , to protect ground forces from enemy air forces . 
  until the russian army turns up on the finnish border too nobody gives a shit . 
  and if russia wanted to put land attack missiles near the finnish border , it would not try to disguise them as another kind of missile . 
  besides where is the point in aiming , as i think you are implying , nuclear missiles at a militarily weak and non-alligned country ? 
  there is none , and in any case russia could launch them from much further inside russia if it wanted to . 
  i agree , it 's part of the doctrine of `` combined arms '' . 
  tanks without infantry are crap ( they do poorly in urban areas and get blown up at close range ) , infantry without artillery/air support lack heavy firepower , but the ground attack aircraft are vulnerable to fighter aircraft . 
  fighter aircraft are vulnerable to other fighters and anti-aircraft missiles , which themselves can be destroyed by ground units provided the ground units are n't threatened by enemy aircraft under sam protection ... the food chain here is kind of a circle , and you need every part of it in modern conventional warfare because every part backs up the others . 
  * fortunately * we have n't seen a large scale conventional war for a long time now . 
  it 's a flawed argument from a moral perspective , but it 's been the way of the world for centuries . 
  russia is not the only country that does this . 
  usa , uk , france etc have all had major military interventions in foreign countries in the last 15 years that have killed uncounted thousands and ruined nations . 
  we just happen to like those countries , and we do n't like russia . 
  especially not a swede . 
  i do n't trust any countries named after root vegetables . 
  the political left-right spectrum is n't really a straight line , it 's a horseshoe shape . 
  the extreme ends on either side have a lot in common despite the distance between them . 
  agreed . 
  i chortled ; i love black humour but i am surprised to see it get published . 
  we have very sanitised media ( including reddit , mostly ) and i agree that most people do not like this sort of thing . 
  it 's raw , it 's tactless , it 's pointless . 
  i do n't think it 's clever and i do n't think it 's necessary . 
  but damn , it made me laugh because it 's so blunt . 
  bonus round for the horrible joke train :  what 's black and screams ? 
   stevie wonder answering the iron . 
  the same in lithuanian . 
  in english , we 'd call that a bell pepper or sweet pepper . 
  the hot ones are chilli peppers . 
  paprika is the red spice made from dried peppers . 
  agreed !, 
  at a party last year i was talking to a lithuanian who barely spoke english , but i have some very rusty high school german and he worked in germany for a few years , so we managed to mash together a conversation and really enjoyed it . 
  we used english and hand gestures to fill in gaps in our vocabulary when neither of us knew the appropriate german . 
  vodka also helps . 
  it is a great universal translator . 
  hah , again fanta is a coca-cola product so it 's not protesting anything . 
  it 's still supporting the coca-cola company . 
  sprite is made by the coca-cola company so it 's just bizarre . 
  interesting !, 
  that is much higher than i would have expected . 
  same here . 
  i think the majority of people i know voted remain , and we feel that there is n't much more to say about it . 
  we 've all had a good moan but we ca n't change the state of things , and there has been essentially no development in the state of brexit for months so there is little left to say . 
  this is really brathering me but i ca n't figure out why . 
  but if somebody opens it , they 're just a cock . 
  i know ... it makes me sad to see how illiberal britain can be . 
  it 's not a very new thing , i belive that the uk is fundamentally quite a conservative society and has been for decades if not centuries . 
  who 's that ? 
  oh right , sure . 
  i do n't care if 13 year olds watch porn and i did to . 
  i turned out just fine . 
  however the disgusting , moralist views of the current leaders want to impose their own puritan straitjacket to british sex . 
  there are many other examples of the current conservative government being quite hostile to sexual liberty in britain . 
  the law will make it so that they have to actively prove ( somehow ) that visitors are over 18 . 
  nobody knows how this is possible , but maybe by requiring credit card details or some bullshit . 
  it is variously spelled doner , donner and d\u00f6ner over here . 
  no idea mate , i 'm english !, 
  from the country which brought you currywurst !, 
  which , incidentally , i really like . 
  that looks gross but if i were drunk , i 'd go down on that like a wet cunt . 
  in the uk we have donner kebab as a common pizza topping at turkish run fast food places . 
  i really , really like it . 
  when you need your grease fix and ca n't decide between pizza or kebab , you can get both . 
  it looks like some kind of sea creature . 
  is welsh ok if you have a longbow ? 
  meanwhile the conservative british government under may is busy continuing to dismantle civil liberties in this country . 
  the latest thing is that they want to block access to all porn that does n't meet unspecified standards for keeping under-18s away , which in reality is 90 % of porn sites everywhere . 
  and lithuanian cuisine . 
  pork , potato and cabbage . 
  anything else is unthinkable . 
  indeed , i think you can take any political orientation and find they make good points about * some * issues . 
  that does not mean they are right or wrong about everything , even if we might wish to believe they are wrong about everything if we do n't agree with the overall orientation . 
  to who - ohhhhh, 
  mainstream tories are , i imagine , similar to mainstream republicans over in the us . 
  mostly grey haired , not closely connected to the global community ( read 1-2 print news sources , not on social media ) probably well-off and have probably always voted the same way because by god it 's just the way things are done . 
  basically , old middle class folk who want conservatism and small government ( but do n't always vote for this , actually ) . 
  the average voter like this does n't know or care about the policies of their party , they vote for them just because they are party so-and-so . 
  and no , it 's not just a right wing thing . 
  a lot of hardheaded labour supporters vote labour every time because of their class , family or whatever but do n't really care about who they are voting for . 
  if by `` gift '' you mean in the german sense of the word . 
  tl ; dr economics is hard . 
  also , `` if all the economists in the world were laid head to toe , they would not reach a conclusion . '', 
  or so goes a quote i ca n't remember the originator of . 
  good on you , poland !, 
  people here seem to be pretty ignorant of most things . 
  honestly , i wish i knew . 
  we seem to have a particularly negative view of it here , and a lot of people honestly believe that cannabis will make you go insane ( particularly schizophrenic ) , which is a view not upheld in any other country , or supported by reputable evidence . 
  if this is so , why is california not totally mad by now ? 
  i think it may have something to do with the gutter press printing endless scare stories about drugs , and this magical `` skunk '' weed which apparently is ten times stronger than anything before and makes you crazy . 
  older generations are very poorly informed about drugs generally here , and do n't know even accurately the basics of things like mdma , lsd and amphetamines either . 
  i had a chemistry professor tell me in a lecture that if you took mdma , your kidneys would stop producing urine and you 'd die from water retention .
