that is very strange indeed . 
  i guess they did not do their research ( big surprise ) . 
  to expand on that , it may be that russia has 5000 nuclear warheads in total . 
  of those , 1643 are actually fitted to missiles and ready to use . 
  the rest are in storage , under repair or are not fit for use . 
  this is like a bad children 's song , only with political lyrics . 
  the ( soviet national anthem ) was * way * more moving and in my opinion , a far better piece of music . 
  yes , i think it sounds like classic russian organisation . 
  somebody ordered 200 trucks , thinking there would be a lot of aid to be delivered . 
  somebody else ordered only 200 tonnes of supplies ( not very much ; trucks can carry 5-10 tonnes usually ) . 
  now neither person wants to look like an idiot . 
  the truck ordering person ca n't send back the 150 excess trucks to wherever they came from in russia because they 'll get fired for not being able to count . 
  the person who ordered only 200 tonnes of supplies ( because they stole the rest of the money to buy a new dacha ) will look like an idiot if they have to order another 600 tonnes of supplies at short notice . 
  so , they reach a compromise . 
  they use all 200 trucks but put only 1 tonne of supplies in each , leaving them mostly empty but in the organisers minds being a perfect solution which uses all resources very neatly . 
  truck-man gets to keep his job , and supplies-man gets to keep his dacha . 
  the convoy is really big , which makes russia look charitable . 
  everyone 's happy . 
  it of course does n't work , and not only does it look suspicious as fuck to the rest of the world , it looks really fucking stupid to anyone who notices the organisation error because these cover ups did n't work in the soviet era and they do n't work in 2014 . 
  putin and his government may not be stupid , but the mid-level people who actually organise things like convoys may be totally incompetent . 
  that 'd be nothing new in russia . 
  i am from the uk , and different police forces around the country drive different cars . 
  i am pretty sure the ones in my county drive volvos , for instance , but land rovers are also common in rural areas . 
  bmws and skodas are also popular . 
  the colours also vary with the police force . 
  the blue and fluorescent green squares on the side of the cars are the same all around the country , but the base colour may be white , black or silver . 
  because all the european royal families are cousins of each other ? 
  they are inbred to all hell and it 's plain to see . 
  my girlfriend is from lithuania , so maybe that has something to do with it ? 
  allow me to clarify . 
  i meant that dresden did not have its industry distributed in small factories mixed homogeneously among houses and shops , as hiroshima and other japanese cities did . 
  as a europeanist , i find your fascist apartheid notions of easternness offensive . 
  or maybe [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mil_v-12 ) piece of technological insanity . 
  i have been to dresden and what was done there was an atrocity . 
  however , i do not wish to pretend it was done without reason . 
  the reason was a horrendously callous one of psychological warfare , an intimidation of german civilians attempting to stir up anti-war feelings which would sap the will to continue fighting elsewhere . 
  no doubt it contributed to germany 's pacifism in the long term , but in the short term it was miscalculated , and did not help the defeat of the german military . 
  largely the same debate can be had about the fire bombing of japan and later its nuclear bombing . 
  a difference here is that war-critical japanese industry was spread out in cities rather than in distinct industrial areas like europe , meaning to destroy the industry it was necessary to destroy residential areas too . 
  dresden had no such industry and no direct military gain could be had by destroying it besides destroying its railway links ( which if i remember correctly were not destroyed anyway ) . 
  additionally the nuclear bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki led directly and promptly to the japanese surrender thus curtailing the war , something which can not be said for dresden or other european cities . 
  there are a lot in the uk . 
  there is one in the town square where i live ( a town of 8,000 ) , and another at the school i went to beside the chapel with the names of dead pupils . 
  i think most villages which lost more than a few people have a memorial here . 
  it could also be that the crying man personally lost a friend in war , and this event brought back memories for him . 
  just saying . 
  no , we are not in afghanistan defending british freedom . 
  nothing which happens over there really affects this country anyway , aside from the heroin trade which we 're not opposing . 
  the reason we 've stuck around since the early 2000s is that afghanistan would implode if we left , likely dragging pakistan and other neighbours into a regional series religious/political conflicts which further destabilise that area of asia . 
  if afghanistan did collapse though , how exactly would that impinge on the ` freedom ' of british people ? 
  some think that you 'd get swarms of * terrorists * running out of afghanistan like if you kicked an anthill , who 'd promptly come over here and blow us all up . 
  i do n't believe that 's true . 
  soldiers are people but they 're not all heroes . 
  they 're not out there defending freedom and democracy for some noble aim ( not in this war , for sure ) , they 're pursuing a career and looking out for their mates . 
  if anything they 're defending afghan people 's freedom not to be ruled by tyrants , not our freedom . 
  you 're sadly correct , that view was reinforced after the war by a lot of anti-german feelings . 
  it was portrayed as if the british soldiers were the only ones who mattered or were fighting for a noble cause . 
  no , there was nothing noble about the war . 
  i do n't remember the british dead as glorious or exemplary , they were just the same generation of misled young men as in germany , france or anywhere else who died for dreams of empire and the pride of noblemen . 
  i do n't like my country 's lingering pride and nationalism on this issue ( weak and nebulous though it is these days ) . 
  i mourn for all those who died , and try to understand why they were led to such slaughter by their callous leaders . 
  i believe you misunderstand the attitude towards remembrance in britain . 
  we do not celebrate the war nor pride ourselves on it . 
  we mourn for the death of millions , as you would mourn the anniversary of any tragedy . 
  yes there are old military traditions associated with it , but i do n't think it has been a pro-militaristic ritual for many decades since the misguided years of anti-german sentiment immediately following the war . 
  i have been to france and seen the immense fields of graves - french , german , british , canadian - and to gallipoli where turks fought anzac troops in atrocious conditions , and the experiences brought me to tears from the madness of it all . 
  seeing these sites , comprehending the sheer * scale * of the death caused by the first world war to people of all nationalities brought me to tears and made me promise to myself that i would not forget . 
  i do not like the lingering pro-british feelings associated with remembrance day , since most people only think about the british dead , but i mourn for the young german men , the russians and the turks too who were really no different but only spoke another language . 
  their lives were just as important , and their memory deserves no less respect because they fought for kaiser or tsar or sultan . 
  i do n't want to collect memorabilia or revel in the past ` glory ' of a war long passed - there was nothing glorious about it , the whole affair was shameful for its very happening . 
  what i do want to do is to stop for a few minutes at the memorials to think in silence , to reflect on how if i 'd been born into the generation of 1891 rather than 1991 , it would have been me who died for the fantasy of ` king and country ' . 
  ` lest we forget ' is the phrase most commonly associated with remembrance . 
  i never want to forget that it happened , for i believe there is shame on our collective european conscience . 
  i want to remember , so that we never allow this to happen again . 
  do n't complain , you 'll be putin jail . 
  i agree completely . 
  i like to hear the actors ' original emotions and inflections in their speech , even if i ca n't follow what they 're saying ( unless it 's in german ) . 
  there are a few exceptions where the dubbed version of a movie was done particularly well , but they 're rare . 
  an example i can think of is das boot which i 've watched in both german and english ; while i prefer the german version for its authenticity , the voice acting in the english dub is excellent and preserves the characters ' personalities and emotions very well . 
  unfortunately most of my friends do not care to watch subbed movies because they feel it takes too much effort to read . 
  very unfortunate really , since they 'll miss out on a lot of truly great works . 
  i see we have a [ scandinavia and the world ] ( http://satwcomic.com/coat-of-arms ) fan over here . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i had heard that estonian and finnish were closely related , but i did not know lithuanian was also related . 
  that english is a cruel language ? 
  and the eu = fascism . 
  * ~ slow clap ~ * well done bulgaria . 
  well done . 
  that is true . 
  it is important to note the difference between the threat of and the use of force . 
  nk only has to * think * that the eu/nato/usa would go to war with them in order for there to be a good reason not to start a war . 
  nk 's militarism is largely a method by which dictatorial control may be maintained over the country . 
  by convincing their starved , brutalized populace that there are foreign enemies everywhere , there is a good case for supporting a government which says it will protect those people from outside aggression . 
  they must always maintain the threat of war , but they do not actually want to start one . 
  nk is mad , but i do n't think their leaders are so mad as to go through with their threats , because it would cause their own annihilation . 
  that is the last thing they want - they want to keep control of their insane little kingdom , and keep pretending that their iron-fisted rule is the only thing holding back slavering hordes of americans from the southern border . 
  i believe the chinese originally supported nk as a buffer zone between china and us-occupied sk during the korean war , for the same reason russia acquired satellite states as buffer zones for itself under soviet rule . 
  it protects against land invasion . 
  currently , i do not know what benefit china sees in supporting nk . 
  they can not possibly supply resources to china that china would be interested in having .
