  the invasion buffer is probably not a valid reason any more , as the us would be unlikely to attempt an invasion of china , and they would certainly not do it across nk . 
  the concern is that the technology for orbital spaceflight and suborbital icbm launch are virtually the same . 
  note that the early space rockets of the ussr and usa were derived from icbms - the soviet r-7 missile was developed without a great deal of modification to launch sputnik . 
  the logic therefore follows that if nk can launch a satellite and recover it , they can launch a missile and drop its warhead somewhere else on the planet . 
  but i do n't think they are at this stage yet - all their other military tech is so primitive . 
  russia most definitely does have the technology to shoot down icbms ; they 've had it since 1972 with the abm-1 galosh system . 
  look up the moscow abm network - they have 10 kt nuclear anti-missile missiles stationed around the capital intended to shoot down much of an american icbm attack while it 's re-entering the atmosphere . 
  many of their sam systems have marginal abm capability too , but they would not target a missile bound for europe . 
  it is doubtful that they could hit one unless it passed close over their capital . 
  anyway , i seriously doubt nk has anything to gain by targeting europe ( seoul and washington are their # 1 and # 2 targets ) , and in my opinion they almost certainly do not have the tech for reliable icbm delivery . 
  they have not even demonstrated the possession of a deliverable warhead . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  we 've been not quite in the eu and not quite out of it for about 30 years . 
  time that we made a fucking decision . 
  i think you might be , and i feel very sorry for you . 
  fucking hell , jones is a * lunatic !, 
  * i love target and clay shooting , and i would like to start collecting historic rifles one day , but i do not feel the need to arm myself on the street . 
  i am not paranoid and do not fear invasion by the new world order , or a tyrannical government , and i do not think that the majority of people should have an automatic right to be armed - certainly not without thorough checks and balances to ensure they wo n't go crazy with their weapons . 
  most people can barely be trusted with something as dangerous as a car , let alone a rifle which they do not respect and understand the safe use of . 
  i accept that to live in a ( relatively ) safe society , i may have to give up some privileges such as the ability to own more `` fun '' weapons ( because if i was allowed , i would like to shoot automatic weapons so long as it was done in a safe manner on private land ) . 
  i 'd be fairly happy just to do target shooting on the weekends with a vintage kar98k or lee-enfield rifle , and i do oppose excessively restrictive laws such as are found in korea or australia which nearly outlaw civilian firearm ownership entirely . 
  if you can show yourself to be responsible and safe then i think you should be able to do shooting for sport or hunting . 
  generally i think morgan is ass-forwards retarded , but i do agree with the point he 's making here . 
  we have a microscopic rate of gun violence in the uk compared to the usa , and it 's in no small part due to the fact that there are n't many guns here . 
  you ca n't legislate against crazy , but you can take the tools of a crime away from those who might wish to commit it . 
  as a brit , i would like to say that i agree with you completely . 
  and funnily enough , it means female chicken . 
  nato was only * supposed * to be a defensive alliance , but in reality it has become a group of nations which start offensive wars and limited action/strikes against militarily weak nations . 
  you never lived around wiltshire then . 
  i grew up there ... tanks , tanks everywhere !, 
  interesting , there was a little debate about the age of criminal responsibility in the uk last week . 
  it currently stands at 10 for most things , which i believe is sensible . 
  a 10 year old knows it 's unacceptable to steal or harm people , for instance . 
  though they are very unlikely to get in trouble unless they do some extremely serious crime . 
  if they steal from a shop they 'll likely get a telling-off and their parents will catch shit for being negligent enough to allow it to happen . 
  of course the punishments for under-18 are much less severe , but if they do something really terrible like murder another child ( it happens sometimes ) they 're still legally accountable . 
  they will probably be held in youth custody until 18 ( a terrible institution that will probably wreck their lives ) and following that they will probably be released if they are no longer a danger . 
  there was a recent case of two girls ( age 13 and 14 ) who beat and tortured an old woman called angela wrightson to death . 
  they have recieved life imprisonment with a minimum of 15 years to be served . 
  that sounds odd . 
  in the history studies i did in school ( england , about 10-15 years ago ) we covered german history extensively from 1918 through to 1939 . 
  a lot of time and thought was given to explaining how the post-ww1 conditions in germany and the faults of the weimar republic led to nazism , at first through popular support and later giving way to totalitarianism and thuggery ( kristallnacht , night of the long knives ) . 
  it was explicitly said in school that it was important to undertand the conditions that led to the formation of and support for the nazi party , since it was completely understandable from the perspective of a damaged , disillusioned public of interbellum germany . 
  the message was `` totalitarianism could happen anywhere and it may be welcomed . 
  it could realistically have happened in the uk if circumstance was different . '', 
  i think this is a really important lesson to learn , and also it is important to humanise awful people like hitler , goering , etc. 
  they were not monsters of pure evil from another planet , they were humans just like people alive today . 
  being human like you or me was more than enough to make them capable of atrocity . 
  sounds like we got a more thorough education on the subject than you did , unfortunately . 
  i also elected to study the rise and fall of russian communism ( 1917-1991 ) for my later history course so i had a cheerful time ( i really enjoy the grim bits of 20th century history ) . 
  one of the other english literature classes also studied the book ' 1984 ' , so i 'd say we had a good background in how not to run a country and so it enrages me to see my government fucking us over so hard right now . 
  i 'll be over here with my stout , do n't mind me . 
  thanks !, 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i would like to see the europe-wide figures . 
  you mean obesity ? 
  trump 's more in line with the now defunct british national party . 
  regular republicans are like ukip , and the democrats are about where the conservatives stand in the uk . 
  there is no american equivalent to the labour party here - they 'd be run out of congress as goddamned communists . 
  fuck , if that 's an arrestable offense you might as well bang up 50 % of everyone who 's ever posted on social media . 
  private eye should be banned . 
  newspaper opinion columns would become illegal . 
  and while you 're at it , go and arrest every man drunkenly rambling on about `` immgrunts '' and `` the gays '' at pubs up and down the country . 
  but except for the first example they 're not doing it on `` public electronic communications '' so it 's fine . 
  those who own guns tend to have several . 
  a guy i used to go shooting with had a semi-automatic .22 , a bolt-action .22 , at least one 12 gauge shotgun , a kar98 ( mauser ) , and others he did n't bring to the range . 
  almost everybody at the range we used to go to had a small collection and would enjoy trying out different guns . 
  one guy even brought along a small muzzle-loading cannon that looked like it should be on a pirate ship !, 
  that was a lot of fun , everyone gathered around to watch it go boom and fill the range with smoke . 
  likewise a farmer who has a shotgun will probably have his workhorse 12 gauge double-barrel shotgun , maybe a 28 gauge or .410 shotgun for the kids , a .22 rifle for shooting rabbits and so on . 
  if he shoots for sport or competitions he might also have a fancier shotgun or a target rifle . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  i also think that a lot of gun owners do not tell anyone they have a gun - i know a chap here in the uk who has a gun safe hidden away with a few rifles and shotguns . 
  it 's all completely legal and registered , but it 's not something he wants to advertise . 
  yeah yeah , i know . 
  i have friends in the southwest who do it and they 're not rich at all . 
  it is such a stereotypical rich man 's passtime though . 
  i agree , the breakdown of type is important as it gives an indication of use . 
  most guns in the uk are shotguns and target rifles . 
  pistols are extremely heavily restricted , to the point where they 're verging on impossible to own legally . 
  certainly anything you would think of as a normal pistol ( a revolver , a semiautomatic pistol ) is not legal here . 
  special target shooting pistols are legal but they 're fancy , delicate single-shot types and there 's a lot of paperwork involved . 
  you probably do , but most people do n't talk about it . 
  if you know a farmer , you know someone who owns a shotgun . 
  i can think of one friend right off the top of my head who has shotguns and rifles at home , but they do not talk about it . 
  they 're not a farmer , they keep them for fun and for their historic value as old heirloom firearms . 
  sheltered city folk here think we do n't have guns in the uk , or they 're all banned . 
  i grew up in the countryside , it 's very common to hear the sound of shotguns on the wind . 
  pheasant shooting is a common pursuit for the rich , and clay pigeon shooting is also popular for people who are n't millionaires . 
  yes , we are not allowed to have guns for self defence . 
  but hunting , pest control and target shooting are all quite popular in rural areas . 
  yeah , i take a look at the former yugoslavia and just kind of snort . 
  you telling me there are fewer guns there than in france ? 
  i bet if you took a shovel to any backyard there you 'd dig up a kalashnikov . 
  as a brit who 's in love with a lithuanian , i say batter the fuckers if they try anything like ukraine . 
  i see that molotov 's salami tactics are alive and well in the 21st century , and it makes me sad . 
  we should show russia that there 's going to be a razor blade in the next slice if they continue . 
  i believe they told germany to `` deal mit es '' . 
  / r/civpolitics is leaking again . 
  which i totally understand and support .
