  it 's ok , we 'll use france again . 
  it 's small enough that we could build a stadium around it and invite the people of europe to watch the battle . 
  popcorn only $ 8.99 !, 
  or as al murray put it , `` belgium is a country created so the rest of europe would have somewhere to settle their differences . '', 
  i do n't think you 're allowed to do that ... 
  however , in the royal navy ( when the rum ration was issued pre-1970 ) , only one drink was given per sailor per day . 
  some would however trade it for favours and luxuries ( cigarettes or food i guess ? ), 
  but this was n't allowed or very common . 
  in the royal navy , before the rum ration was stopped in 1970 , sailors had to be 20 years old to recieve it . 
  in the uk you only have to be 18 to purchase alcohol normally . 
  rum is still given out in the rn , but only on very special occasions such as after a battle or by royal decree . 
  we want more things than you because we 're special . 
  so special , we do n't really want to be in your club but we 're just being polite . 
  ah yes , i understand that . 
  what i mean is very , very few people have read the bible or the koran etc. 
  in full , cover to cover . 
  my history teacher said the same . 
  he had a copy on his shelf , and told the class he had actually read the thing cover to cover once . 
  only once - it was such a turgid pile of shite that it was a struggle to get through . 
  he summed it up for us in a few sentences for some background on nazism , which was nice . 
  i bet a huge majority of people in the world have never read their religious texts either . 
  they 're a bit like an eula from god ; long , rambling and full of obscure clauses nobody cares about until they come back and bite them in the afterlife . 
  most people just accept them and move on . 
  we refer to it as friendship liquidation , tovarisch . 
  i misread the title as `` belgium to send its aircraft carrier to help fight against danish '' and i was rather shocked for a minute . 
  i think you misunderstand , i did n't mean help as in counselling or any of that . 
  i mean how is taking out his anger on some completely different group of people helping his ( presumed ) fight against the uk ? 
  if he is angry at the uk for what he went through at guantanamo , i am honestly not sure how joining isis to go and kill iraqis and syrians is going to help him . 
  i 'm already addicted to bread , i do n't think i could make the switch . 
  i would n't , i do n't think it 's just to impose a fine that would financially wreck most people . 
  for drunk driving , a 500-1000 euro fine and loss of driving license seems appropriate to me . 
  however if you actually crash and cause harm to someone else , prison . 
  no no , you miss my point . 
  none of these were attempts by foreign governments . 
  they were all internal political acts or just outright murder for no good reason . 
  you mean like how we interved because hitler invaded poland , and then signed you over to stalin ? 
  no doubt , that was an immensely shitty thing to do . 
  was n't killed by a foreign government , that was straight up murder . 
  i do n't see why north korea would do something like that . 
  it would make their situation even worse , and i do n't think who is president in the usa really affects their country at all . 
  i really ca n't see any nation which would have a vested interest in killing a president . 
  belgium is an arena created so that england and france would have somewhere to settle their differences . 
  it 's become quite a popular venue . 
  i agree with you about brexit not changing british defense policy . 
  they are separate issues and the eu does not really overlap with defense anyway ; after leaving we 'll still be in nato and still be deeply troubled by russian expansion . 
  i had forgotten about the napoleonic wars but i was going to say that britain got involved with both the first and second world wars because of germany invading smaller countries we were not close to , and that was long before the eu , un , nato or anything like that . 
  i see no reason we would turn a blind eye to a russian invasion today . 
  surely the diplomatic fallout from annexing the baltic would be immense ? 
  i know russia is under heavy sanctions now , but i think it would turn them into a pariah state and * nobody * would want to do business with them afterwards . 
  or britain , right ? 
  the british isles are at the same latitude as the kamchatka peninsula - i.e. 
  vladivostok - but the gulf stream means that we can grow palm trees in scotland . 
  i think i agree , putin is calculating and would not do wildly dangerous , inflammatory things like risking war with nato . 
  he will do exactly as much as he can get away with to increase his domestic political standing . 
  expect more of molotov 's old salami tactics , but nothing explosive or destablising . 
  i do believe he is a very intelligent man , and a rational one . 
  he will act in his own best interests and to a small extent in russia 's , so he wants to avoid instability and increase security . 
  i think he is an opportunist not a gambler . 
  he borrowed money , invaded neighbours and intended to pillage their wealth ? 
  even if germany had won ww2 , there would have been colossal damage to the german economy from the expenditures of war . 
  hitler was running on borrowed time and borrowed money . 
  had he won the war , i think there 's a good chance his own party would have turned on him and replaced him after impoverishing the country . 
  maybe with brexit , the eu can finally get around to assembling a european defence force . 
  i have not heard good predictions about the idea , but i think in principle it would be nice to have a nato replacement which is n't so influenced by us desires . 
  realistically there would need to be european nuclear weapons to present a credible deterrent to russia , and how on earth would that work ? 
  would france agree to use hers ? 
  in all likelyhood , even after we leave the eu , i think you can still count on the uk coming to the aid of a european nation under attack . 
  after all , we went into both world wars to defend belgium and poland , countries we are not massively invested in and that was long before the eu or even un existed . 
  i do n't think political assasinations have happened for a long time . 
  there were attempts during the mid-20th century on hitler , castro and tito but i can not think of any in recent times . 
  imagine if it came out that china killed the president of the usa !, 
  there would be war and why would any country risk that ? 
  no , if anyone shoots trump it will be either an old-school republican gun nut who is unhappy with him spoiling the republican party , or it will be an unhinged left winger who ca n't stand to see him in charge of the country . 
  for an individual to kill both the president and vice president would be extremely unlikely . 
  and with switzerland out , it even includes a hole !, 
  they do , it 's not a perfect paper at all !, 
  however it is about the only left-leaning professional newspaper we have . 
  strawberry , raspberry ripple , and chocolate . 
  the guardian , the uk 's traditionally left-wing paper , has pursued a policy of open journalism for some years . 
  they do proper reporting on real news , and publish all their stories online . 
  i like it , but the paper has been pissing money away for years doing this and i do n't know how they can stay in business . 
  there 's not a tremendous amount we did n't already know . 
  he said that russia has many operatives at work in the uk and is using cyberwarfare to achieve its political aims now , which is something which was n't around in the cold war era . 
  they are using espionage , subversion , propaganda and basically all the old tricks but with 21st century communications technology . 
  he also trotted out the horseshit that the investigatory powers bil is no threat to privacy in the uk and is `` balanced '' between privacy and security . 
  i was shocked to learn that they have been collecting bulk surveillance of britons since 1998 , much earlier than i thought . 
  like what ... ok , you got me . 
  you 're * obviously * trolling now . 
  please go back to your bridge . 
  you should get your humour detector checked out mate , because it seems broken . 
  i was not comparing them , but if you want to , then go ahead . 
  the nazis built autobahns , `` made germany great again '' and , uhh ... well there was this one other good thing and umm ... no , i ca n't remember it . 
  oh yes , it did do a lot of good things . 
  let me rephrase what i said : some people believe that the empire did no wrong , and can not believe the british perpetrated massacres and brutality . 
  i see some amount of this in the uk as well , usually when talking about the british empire . 
  it depends on how well educated a person is , but some people believe the myth that the empire was a civilizing force that brought education and industry to undeveloped parts of the world , almost as a form of charity . 
  the victorian public largely believed this at the time . 
  to an extent , it did improve those things and places like india benefitted from having railways , cohesive governance and schools created where they had not existed before . 
  but what was the primary purpose of the empire ? 
  those railways were not built to help indians get around , they were built so that india 's wealth could be taken to ports and sent back to britain .
