there 's an air siren to call volunteer firefighters , and bell tolls for the mass and sometimes every hour ( and every quarter ) depending on the church . 
  that 's about it . 
  when i lived in mayotte ( oversea france ) we once had people in car with loudspeakers driving through the streets to warn us about the bug killing product they were spraying . 
  i suppose that technique could be used in any town really . 
  a colleague told me she avoided gmos at all costs . 
  when i inquired further , it turned out that she does n't know anything about them , which is why she avoids them . 
  not the best solution imo . 
  i would need to know where to get the drugs first . 
  i rarely drink more than one glass a week , so i 'm worried about the people at the other end of the statistics . 
  edit : and contrary to the clich\u00e9 , i never drink wine . 
  beer or cocktails only . 
  stephen king . 
  apart from that , i really do n't think about maine . 
  ( although maine , new england and nova scotia are places i 'd like to visit if i were to set foot in america ) . 
  * germans : boches ( from ww2 ) * italians : ritals * english : rosbifs ( from roast beef , which we consider a lesser food ) . 
  ca n't think of any other off the top of my head . 
  ethnic diversity . 
  i was born in 1986 . 
  i see more pocs in a day than i saw before my 18th birthday . 
  ( to put things in perspective , i met a grand total of 3 black kids by the time i was 18 . ), 
  * laughs in secular . 
  it really puts inflation in perspective when your parents talk about something costing `` millions `` and you ca n't tell whether it 's * ancien francs * or * nouveaux francs * . 
  incidentally , my mother bought her house for 6000 francs . 
  * loads shotgun * shame . 
  this is why i try to always carry a shotgun . 
  people do n't get the reference otherwise . 
  my parents have been together for almost 40 years , still waiting to get invited to their wedding . 
  why would they have chosen marriage ? 
  only married couple in my family ended up divorced . 
  legally `` free union '' couples as we call them here have more or less 99 % of the rights of married couples . 
  i have something similar but i only pay 29,99 $ for the whole package . 
  the lack of data sucks at times ( lost in the countryside trying to get a google map of the area ) . 
  but i have wifi at home and at work . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  \u00e9driseurs were invented by etienne edriseur ( although tesla did most of the concept ) . 
   edriseurs i never understood why we do n't call them merneurs . 
  it used to be a 5 minutes walk , but now it 's half an hour 's ride ( 20 km ) . 
  15 minutes for the first 15 km , 15 minutes for the last urban 5 km . 
  i ca n't remember the last time it happened here . 
  lots of above ground lines as well so when there 's a hurricane you have the occasional fallen tree as well , but it 's not so common . 
  however the most rural places can go several days without power in that case . 
  i pay 0 $ for a plan that fits my needs and i never have to talk to them . 
  ( it 's offered by my isp ) admittedly , my needs are few : i hardly ever call anyone , texts are free and unlimited . 
  i only get 50 mo of data but i have wifi at home and at work . 
  reception and cover are great . 
  i just realized i live further up north than montreal . 
  this is so weird . 
  work often starts at 8 here - i feel fortunate that mine starts at 8:30 . 
  also yeah , i live pretty far north . 
  we tend to forget the latitude difference because the climate is so much milder in europe . 
  people always get up and it 's light outside . 
  i do n't know if it 's realistic or not -- something to do with time zones ? 
  half of the year i get up and it 's still dark outside , i come from work and it 's dark outside . 
  also teens and cars . 
  we ca n't drive ( without an adult ) until we 're 18 in france , so seeing teens with cars was so jarring . 
  here it 's mostly teens on mopeds , or on foot . 
  we also do n't have the long distances there are in the us so car culture is just very different . 
  i only have two ;-), 
  but we hardly ever use it . 
  it 's displayed on town halls and that 's about it . 
  and during international football games , supporters paint it on their faces . 
  i 'm pretty sure 99 % of the french do n't even have a single french flag in their houses . 
  i used to give zero if the pupil completely missed the point . 
  i was an english teacher . 
  say the assignment is to write a post card , but the pupil writes a dickens novel , he 'll still get a 0/20 . 
  that 's a bad teacher . 
  20/20 is the grade you ( should ) have if you fulfill the expectations of a pupil in your grade , for this exam . 
  for instance a pupil in english can ( should ) get a 20/20 if they have an a2 level in english in 6e , even though a2 is far from fluent . 
  not many , and they 're viewed as harmless eccentrics . 
  you do n't have to use the cned , as long as tests show that your kids up to the level they should have . 
  my uncle worked for the city as a toilet cleaner one summer . 
  very touristic seaside town . 
  worst job of his life . 
  everyday ( almost ) he had to clean shit off walls . 
  he became persuaded there was this one sick dude ( or woman ) just doing it for fun/perversion . 
  i have a 25-year old friend who is a pagan and i know of a druid in his forties . 
  i mean it 's still exceptional . 
  i 'd be shocked to see an adult wear black face , even for hallowe'en or mardi gras . 
  also do n't try to argue for gun ownership . 
  yes , and yes . 
  i left home for good at 20 , to be an au pair in the uk . 
  i 've owned a car since i was 23 and needed it for a new job . 
  all my cars have been second hand , and i 've never lived in a city with expensive rents . 
  during ww2 , national leaders in gb and france ( de gaulle , churchill ) considered uniting both countries to be stronger against the nazis . 
  a `` declaration of union '' was even drafted , stating : '' * france and great britain shall no longer be two nations , but one franco-british union . 
  the constitution of the union will provide for joint organs of defence , foreign , financial and economic policies . 
  every citizen of france will enjoy immediately citizenship of great britain , every british subject will become a citizen of france . 
  * '' philippe p\u00e9tain opposed it and instead surrendered to germany . 
  it seemed easy after learning german . 
  there have been a few riots in reaction to police brutality these past few weeks ( google `` affaire th\u00e9o '' ) . 
  nothing that should endanger you though . 
  i do n't drink during meals either . 
  out of meals , it 's coffee before 16:00 and kombucha afterwards . 
  ditto on the rent thing . 
  you 'll spend your whole income on a tiny flat in paris . 
  aim for another big city - rennes , nantes , rouen , marseille . 
  still expensive but actually feasible . 
  also traffic is hellish in paris . 
  le monsieur ( the gentleman ) / la dame ( the lady ) in the first scenario . 
  monsieur/madame ( sir/ma ` am ) in the second case .
