deadly bugs , that are just like everyday house bugs . 
  deadly crocs , and a huge number of them to boot ( after being on the verge of exinction in the 70s theyve come back with a vengence it seems . 
  i saw it on a bbc documentary over here . 
  somethings going to have to be done sooner or later , the population ( esp in the northern territories , but its spreading ) is outta control . 
  scary stuff ) deadly sharks deadly plants deadly heat deadly dingos the deadly outback & bush massive farms wine kangaroo meat ( which is deeeelicious ) like brits , but friendlier , more outgoing imo the great barrier reaf ongoing climate change related dissaster i think australia is the place where you 'll find the majority ( some 70 % + ) of the worlds marsupials . 
  crocodile dundee ( `` you call that a knife ? '' ... ), 
  ancient aboriginal art mad max hugh jackman mel gibson ned kelly steve irwin neighbours home & away kylie minogue bondai beach fosters lager dat accent v8 car racing first race of the f1 season at albert park cricket/the ashes rugby ( union and rugby league ) bad loosers  women 's netball british convicts & crimminals going there as punishment , but alongside subsequent waves of british immigrants founding and kickstarting the modern australia we know today . 
  and of which a large majority of white australians are decended from ) . 
  whinging poms # 10 poms outback truckers ( love that show ) mining operations on a huge scale ( the chinese just cant get enough of australia 's stuff ) the sheer size of the place thats all i know . 
  austria ... well the alps , hitler , sigmund freud , pastrys ( including strudel , which everybody thinks is german but it aint . 
  and the croissant was invented in vienna ) , faschierter braten ( mmm yum ! ) , classical music , arnold swcharzeneggar , old european high culture and architecture , the habsburgs , austro-hungarian empire etc. 
  im not surprised . 
  these eastern european countries are ungrateful , are utter hypocrites . 
  as the largest net recievers of eu money ( german , british & french cash ) to build their otherwise backwater , irrelevant dump ( s ) of economies etc they mooch and take , take & take some more but never give anything back . 
  they never shouldve been allowed when they were tbh . 
  eastern europe will most likely be the downfall of the eu imo , letting them nations in will come back to bite the eu , its already cost it britain . 
  oh what could have been . 
  this should be our national anthem really ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cap7vy5trw8 cant stand god save the queen . 
  a national that doesnt mention the people or country itself is not a national anthem at all imo . 
  also i think the welsh national anthem is the best in the world : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=am4milykg9s, 
  there 's nothing wrong with asserting ourselves on the european stage . 
  we have nuclear subs ( and the largest navy in europe ) , do you understand that spain ? . 
  we will crush you , end you if you try anything and violate what isnt yours , violate british rightful sovereignty . 
  back down for your own sakes spain , before you regret it . 
  and i agree , rightfully so we should go to war to defend british citizens , freedom & territory from a hostile , aggressive nation who want to control something that doesnt belong to them . 
  good . 
  now the thing is though the powers that be they should 've done this for the 400 + jihadis that they have allowed to return to freely british society as if nothings happened . 
  one guy is not gon na make a difference when we now have 400 + battle-hardened isis jihadis on the loose in the uk : / . 
  why they 've allowed so many dangerous people to return and then to boot not jail them i do not know . 
  its a ticking time bomb , absolute madness from the idiots in charge . 
  nope , poland 's new found prosperity is all because of the large amounts of german & uk money via the eu ( poland being by far the biggest recipient of eu funds ) ... ultimatly thats where it all stems from . 
  that 's the underlying cause . 
  poland 's new found prosperity is all because of the large amounts of german & uk cash via the eu ( poland being by far the biggest recipient of eu funds ) ... 
  your welcome . 
  as a leave voter ... good riddance to bad rubbish i say . 
  britain is back baby ! . 
  time we get off our knees , break free of these shackles and truly realise our immense potential !, 
  peri peri christiano ronaldo . 
  jesus has returned in the form of him . 
  salted cod underhanded cheaters who robbed england of victory on the football pitch on two occaisions first colonial empire and age of discoverers before the spanish/brits/dutch / french etc , but also the first to collaspe the massive lisbon earthquake of 1755 . 
  which i belive changed the course of world history . 
  madeleine mccann ( my portuguese friend , this big , big guy once joked that the reason they never found her was because he ate her and he said she taste like chicken . 
  nobody laughed , well maybe one or two did ) . 
  they love british fish , not as much as the filthy spanish mind , but not far behind . 
  the algarve . 
  brazil, 
  you know i think the fact that we are living in a culture ( as we do in britain/the west ) of stigma , labelling of inferiority/incompetence etc. 
  a society conditioned to and to value superficial social darwinist perfection in the extreme etc. . which is bound to make those who do n't match up feel alienated and depressed . 
  it does n't help fundamentally western culture , our societies view men as disposable . 
  nobody cares about men ( unless they 're in that top 10-20 \u2105 . . ie if your not attractive , not good looking , or if your not tall or well hung or buff/in-shape . . 
  your not in the top 10-20 \u2105 etc. 
  its those guys who are socially privileged , and are viewed as worthwhile human beings with an intrinsic value and are viewed as the height of male sexuality n masculinity with all the positives that comes with that , we care about those men . 
  imo when it comes to a male 's mental health stuff like that , ones relationship , sex and love ( and being able to have a fulfilling sex life . 
  not being able to fulfil this basic , human need is hugely damaging ) and validation from society is very important , all that feeds into that etc. 
  as social creatures its hardwired into us ) . 
  but in general nobody gives a shit about men . 
  i mean again just look at the ( as noted ) suicide rates : waaaay more men kill themselves yet there 's no outrage , its not talked about/not taken seriously or barely achknowleged by the media ( except to be mocked possibly , its all seen as a big joke ) . 
  but if it was the other way round n it was women killing themselves at such a high rate you can guarantee it 'd be mentioned alot , it 'd called a ` national tragedy ' , there 'd be calls for politicians to do something , there 'd be awareness campaigns in the media , support networks etc. . . but as its men we do n't care : / . 
  just like with male body image issues . 
  as a 5 ' 6 , small thin penis guy i ca n't stand this double standard . 
  its very real to me . 
  see i think its such an ignorant , outdated assumption . . 
  it 's a total myth perpetuated by the ` body acceptance ' movement , pop culture and third wave femenists that men are not under ever more pressure . 
  ( im gon na focus on ) pressures to conform to stereotypes of physical prowess , masculinity and attractiveness . 
  they are , and it is getting more so with time . 
  men have alot of pressure & body image issues too ( just look at the rampant heightism and the stigma , exclusion n mockery , contempt of short men or look at the widespread small penis stigma , the exclusion and mockery , the almost sub human contempt such men are held in etc. 
  or look at the huge rise in steroid use , which is a ticking time bomb healthwise ) . 
  and unlike women . . often the things men are pressured on/judged on ca n't be changed ( ie height n penis size ) . 
  those two factors are the biggest determing of a guy 's desirability and masculinity ) . 
  men have to go to much greater lengths to be desirable too . 
  see things are changing , whereas men in the past were objectified for what job they did or how much money they had , now they are also objectified for how they look . 
  how big ( or not ) thier cock is , thier height etc. 
  i think most men really do n't have it as easy going as many of these types of people today imply . 
  also i think in today 's sexual marketplace/or popular culture/world with its ridiculously high , if not unrealistic standards & expectations placed on men and thus which most men simply can not match up to and are subsequently cast aside/excluded . 
  things like the family courts & the judiciary are all against men as well . 
  too many are left with nothing and are left alone to suffer in silence and live a life of indignity . 
  harrowing lonliness . 
  in many ways i think it parallels our own 21st century society . 
  sad really . 
  i do think women have an easier time of it these days . . they are valued by default and in many ways get all the supposed benefits that men get yet they have none of the responsibilities . 
  women are viewed as children and enjoy all the perks that come with that . 
  society defo has a double standard . 
  we need a cultural overhaul on this imo . 
  it also does n't help that here in britain we have a culture of putting men down . 
  always telling a guy to man up , stop being a pussy , grow up n just get over it , laughing if a man cries , pull yourself up by your bootstraps , got ta be stoic n strong all the time , no support networks or outlets etc etc. . we 're not very good at and greatly discourage males from talking about their feelings as well . 
  `` friends '' do n't want to hear it ( infact as a man you run the risk of loosing friends by talking about this stuff . 
  men also enforce n perpetuate this on on other men ) , we have a very standoffish , impersonnel , awkward , uncomfortable , passive aggressive n cold relationships between each other generally such is our culture here in the uk . 
  the rampant narrcacism , selfishness and breakdown in any sense of community is also not helping . 
  it 's all so sad really . 
  things did n't have to become this way . 
  i feel like too many do n't really give a shit either . 
  as long as their fine , fuck everyone else . 
  too many in this country have this selfish , devoid of empathy attitude , it all perpetuates everything . 
  tbh i do n't know what can be done , again we need an entire culture reeboot , an overhaul in how we perceive maleness , an overhaul in interpersonal relationships . 
  i feel really sad after reading that article . 
  poor khanzir . 
  pigs are like dogs , and such lovely creatures like the pig dont deserve a life like that . 
  you know i think its pretty telling that when something about the dark side and crimes against the world & humanity committed by the british empire come out so many people get real defensive or enter a whataboutery mode . 
  it clearly strikes a nerve for many of my fellow brits . 
  that says it all .
