  have you ever seen how circumcised guys have sex ? ... 
  they just thrust away aggressively non-stop , the dial set to ten , as they can not get any sensation or get to orgasm any other way . 
  its very one note , and it looks like it 'd wear you out quickly . 
  it looks painful . 
  how do american or jewish or muslim girls and american/jewish/muslim gay men deal with it ? . 
  how does it feel ? . 
  is sex enjoyable for them . 
  it doesnt look it to me . 
  but all of thst is due to loosing something like 20,000 nerve endings and all the fine touch receptors + the thick layer of skn that forms on the 24/7 exposed glans ... 
  when your numb as hell and literally feel nothing your bound to last longer . 
  makes me wonder if cut even really enjoy sex , i certainly wouldnt if i was cut . 
  now as somone who is not american , jewish or muslim . 
  i think it 's utterly barbaric and unethical . 
  something very perverse , very cruel and just wrong about wanting to mutilate and disable sexuality wise a newborn child for life in such a way . 
  i do n't get it honestly . 
  i mean just look at this : top 10 ways penis circumcision harms men ... http://www.sexasnatureintendedit.com/10f/foreskin_functions.html ( nsfw ) & top 10 ways circumcised penis harms women ( cuz why not , again nsfw ) ... http://www.sexasnatureintendedit.com/ ( as you can see from that scientific , in-depth n detailed breakdown of the issue , circumcision is a brutally cruel act . 
  its not just a `` piece of skin '' . 
  it does actually for the most part kill the penis . 
  fundamentally n negatively alters how it works & alters how both parties experience sex ) ... what kinda parent could justify inflicting that on thier child ? . 
  quite frankly i think both boys and girls deserve the right to bodily integrity enforced by law . 
  the fact we grant only girls such a thing is disgustingly hypocritical . 
  jews and muslims ( the two main groups inthe uk that engage in mgm , and muslims also with fgm . 
  i assume its the same in denmark ) really should be told in no uncertain terms that their utterly barbaric , perverse , backwards religious nonsense will no longer be tolerated tbh . 
  same for the people in the states ( and i include the unscrupulous doctors who due to thier privatised healthcare system profit greatly from it ) who do it for the aesthetics or because daddy had it done ( basically institutionalized & ritualized child abuse . 
  its the same for muslims in that regard ) . 
  infant genital mutilation has no place in a civilized society regardless of the gender . 
  so yes it should be banned , no question . 
  mutilation is mutilation . 
  so was the voting corrupt ? 
  or were 54 % of austrians really short-sighted , ill-informed , narcissistic tools of the establishment ? 
  with the unfolding calamity of mass immigration causing pain , destruction and chaos throughout the western world , it beggars belief that any pro immigration politician can still win an election . 
  wake up people ! . 
  bristol was in wessex not mercia . 
  so the wessex/new saxony border should be a tad bit higher up . 
  they got that wrong . 
  here in the uk i have family members who are half white x half black ( mostly black british of jamacian decent , decended from ppl who came here in the 1950s post-war immigration , former carribbean british empire colonies ) mixed race etc. 
  i 'd say in the cities white x black ppl its quite a common sight tbh . 
  nobody seems to care much . 
  lotsa tanned peeps walking around . 
  they 've become very much british first , most ive talked too seemingly view themselves as proudly british . 
  though despite whats claimed here tbh i cant see anyone being happy with a muslim relationship . 
  the two cultures are simply incompatable for the majority . 
  ** 1 ** what is the everyday diet for most latvian people ? . 
  like what do you have for breakfest , lunch , dinner ? 
  to your latvian ears as english is your second language what did english sound like before you learned it ? . 
  as a comment on ukpolitics said ... those pathetically short sentences are utterly appalling , that 's not justice in any sense : / . 
  and i agree , fucking disgusting . 
  what is wrong with this country ? ... 
  not all , its somalis as well . 
  they have a huge alcohol addiction problem ( one of the worst in europe , only behind their brothers lithuania ) . 
  excessive drinking & alcohol abuse is causing all sorts suffering too many latvians & causing untold damage to latvia 's society . 
  they need help . 
  if turkey is not in europe , then georgia sure as hell is certainly not in europe either . 
  look on the map , georgia is clearly in asia . 
  i was once watched a football match with dutch commentary and no offence but i your language i found hilarious . 
  i mean at times it sounded vaguely english like , but it was mostly jibberish and some of the noises & sounds you dutchies make are comical . 
  like what is going on your mouths lol :d but on the topic of languages , what does english sound like to your dutch ears ? . 
  and before you learned english what did it sound like to you ? . . 
  i was once watched a football match with dutch commentary and no offence but i your language i found hilarious . 
  i mean at times it sounded vaguely english like , but it was mostly jibberish and some of the noises & sounds you dutchies make are comical . 
  like what is going on your mouths lol :d but on the topic of languages , what does english sound like to your dutch ears ? . 
  and before you learned english what did it sound like to you ? . . 
  i was once watched a football match with dutch commentary and no offence but i your language i found hilarious . 
  i mean at times it sounded vaguely english like , but it was mostly jibberish and some of the noises & sounds you dutchies make are comical . 
  like what is going on your mouths lol :d but on the topic of languages , what does english sound like to your dutch ears ? . 
  and before you learned english what did it sound like to you ? . . 
  good luck with that russia , you 'll need it . 
  about time ! . 
  good on italy . 
  these ngos should be disolved and the heads of them and the workers should be arrested & imprisoned as the criminals that they all are . 
  so much damage has been done by them . 
  enough is enough ! . 
  truth ! ... 
  that is what you just read ( my removed comment . 
  you have no right to censor me as there 's nothing in my comment which is remove worthy  the 2nd highest reciever of eu funds  they eat all our fish and pillage our waters  speaking of spain 's empire , all of spain 's former colonies are either impoverished , corrupt , violent , third world tinpot shithole messes . 
  they dont have an australlia , canada , new zealand , hong kong etc to their name . 
  why is that ? ... 
   real madrid and barcelona , el classico  pealla  fernanado alonso  chorizo  the spanish armada getting wrekt by the english . 
  an event which has become integral to our english identity & being . 
  like the battle of agincout . 
   the conquestidors and the brutal genocide , wiping out and complete cultral descruction of the aztecs , myans , inca empires . 
   the spanish obsession , serious obsession with gold ( and silver , emeralds and other precious jewels )  seat cars  like most latin peoples , the spanish are a passionate , hot-headed , loud , intense people  quite a few of them ( especially the southern ones ) are kinda ` white ' but not really . 
   the muslim conquest  the umayyad caliphate  the alhambra  the reconquista  tatas bravas  tapas  siestas  the spanish are on the shorter side  we brits like go to spain ( costa del sol , benidorm , majorca , maguluf ( or as we call it shaguluf  ) to party hard , drink till we pass out and have lotsa wild sex  the spanish eat dinner really late and go to bed late  general franco and his long reign of facism . 
   famous author george orwell fought in the civil war on the side of the republicans  smoked paprika ( god i loooooooooove it , i put in everything ! . 
  so yummy ) . 
   iberico ham  carva  how they really roll their rs  their sad , petty , tribalistic regionalism  almonds  the hypocricy over gibraltar this , gibraltar that , `` gibraltar is ours '' etc. . . 
  meanwhile they have two colonies in morocco . 
  all do as we say , not as we do : / . 
   wine  operation puerto and doctor fuentes , and the widespread doping across many spanish sports ( football , tennis , cycling and more im sure ) and no doubt many of spain 's top atheletes & stars . 
  despite the ongoing cover up it will all come out eventually and i think a lot of people are going to be very shocked , it 'll be like the similiar russion sports state doping scandal . 
  give it 10 years and spain will have a lot of explaining to do , so many titles are going to stripped , repetuations ruined and an entire nation discredited ... im calling it now . 
  reporting somebody 's comment to get rid of it , just because you disagree with it ... 
  your pathetic . 
  there 's a word which starts with c and ends in t , pertectly describes you . 
  special little snowflake is offended , remove all the comments : / . 
   a lot of stereotypes , prejudices , a bit of racism and a anglo-centered biased vision of history and the world . 
  your talking nonsense . 
  nowhere in my comment is any of that true . 
  all of my points are facts , you cant deny that . 
  but your spanish so of course your biased so none of what i said is true : / ...
