  the 2nd highest reciever of eu funds they eat all our fish and pillage our waters speaking of spain 's empire , all of spain 's former colonies are either impoverished , corrupt , violent , third world tinpot shithole messes . 
  they dont have an australlia , canada , new zealand , hong kong etc to their name . 
  why is that ? ... 
  real madrid and barcelona , el classico pealla fernanado alonso chorizo the spanish armada getting wrekt by the english . 
  an event which has become integral to our english identity & being . 
  like the battle of agincout . 
  the conquestidors and the brutal genocide , wiping out and complete cultral descruction of the aztecs , myans , inca empires . 
  the spanish obsession , serious obsession with gold ( and silver , emeralds and other precious jewels ) seat cars like most latin peoples , the spanish are a passionate , hot-headed , loud , intense people quite a few of them ( especially the southern ones ) are kinda ` white ' but not really . 
  the muslim conquest the umayyad caliphate the alhambra the reconquista tatas bravas tapas siestas the spanish are on the shorter side we brits like go to spain ( costa del sol , benidorm , majorca , maguluf ( or as we call it shaguluf  ) to party hard , drink till we pass out and have lotsa wild sex the spanish eat dinner really late and go to bed late general franco and his long reign of facism . 
  famous author george orwell fought in the civil war on the side of the republicans smoked paprika ( god i loooooooooove it , i put in everything ! . 
  so yummy ) . 
  iberico ham carva how they really roll their rs their sad , petty , tribalistic regionalism almonds the hypocricy over gibraltar this , gibraltar that , `` gibraltar is ours '' etc. . . 
  meanwhile they have two colonies in morocco . 
  all do as we say , not as we do : / . 
  wine operation puerto and doctor fuentes , and the widespread doping across many spanish sports ( football , tennis , cycling and more im sure ) and no doubt many of spain 's top atheletes & stars . 
  despite the ongoing cover up it will all come out eventually and i think a lot of people are going to be very shocked , it 'll be like the similiar russion sports state doping scandal . 
  give it 10 years and spain will have a lot of explaining to do , so many titles are going to stripped , repetuations ruined and an entire nation discredited ... im calling it now . 
  the metal genre ... another major invention , one more great thing we created and gave to the world . 
  your welcome europe . 
  i live not far from the rolls-royce factory where the engines and wings are made for airbus . 
  stillian petrov as well . 
  aka baby fed, 
  instead of spain , more and more brits now go to bulgaria to get drunk and shag each others brains out . 
  wild party time !!!, 
  bulgarians are a short , small people . 
  a mere 5 ' 7 or 171cm is average male height there cryllic ussr sofia they looooooooove their yoghurt berbatov generally speaking a rather poor and backwards country endemic , deep ingrained corruption and organised crime throughout every level of society and corridor of power gypsies and bad relationship with the non-gypsie population eastern orthadox christianity gregor dimitrov stillian petrov, 
  time to break out the water cannon , rubber bullets and tear gas methinks . 
  show these beatniks what for . 
  establishment ftw ! . 
  its not just straight people , i mean in the gay world oral sex isnt soley limited to the genitals , there 's a oral sex act called `` rimming '' ( which involes the licking of the anus and even oral insertion of the tongue fully into the rectum ) etc. . . and its veeery , very widespread . 
  its commonplace these days . 
  but such sex acts are quite frankly a health hazard , are very dangerous , and are causing a ticking time bomb . 
  yet unfortunately nobody cares , too many are only focused on their pleasure , are over-indulged , have no responsibility , are wreckless with no impulse control and give into every impulse etc. . . its not gon na end well for many i think . 
  but i feel like such ppl reep what you sow as the saying goes . 
  the radissom blu plaza hotel in norway looks like a ps3 . 
  also the caldea building in andorra , that futuristic building just looks fucking cool with the mountains in the background . 
  quite striking , an epic scene . 
  the shard looks so outta place though . 
  you need more sci-fi buildings around it , so it doesnt stand out so much . 
  that 's what would happen after / u/low _ discrepancy goes to see how horrible it is . 
  all you russian bears can leave and come live at my house ~ . 
  6ft + tall , blond hair and blue eyes etc. . the quintissential `` aryan '' , ideal of beauty and the ideal race too many . 
  widespread eugenics and the forced steralisation of those deemed lesser and of poor genetic quality well into the latter 20th century . 
  ligonberry jam meatballs can only buy booze directly from the government at massively inflated prices swedenistan/islamic caliphate henrik larrson , freddie ljunberg , zlatan , kim kallstrom albert nobel carl gustaf vikings ( but sweden 's vikings went east , i know they were less the rapey pillagey conquery kind of the danes and norwegians . 
  the swedish vikings were trading masters , going to the likes of constantinople , trading with china , india , persia and the likes and making their fortunes etc ) they speak english better than the english fruit cider, 
  i guess the threat of being swallowed under the sea explains why the dutchies have grown so tall , become the tallest people in the world over the last 50 years . . its for when the flooding starts/when the sea swallows up large amounts of land etc they 'll still be able to keep their heads above the increased water level and move about . 
   it 's very common for vietnamese kids to be better students than czech children . 
  sounds just like our chinese and indian brits here in the uk ( vietnamese too . 
  i had a vietnamese friend in school , his name was thang . 
  nice guy ) . 
  as you alluded to they out peform the white brits in education . 
  i think their cultures put a huge priority on being educated and doing well . 
  getting a good job etc. . they mean serious business ~ . 
  and the host society and culture is all the better for it . 
  you mention muslims and i think they could learn alot from said vietnamese and indian immigrants here instead of portraying themselves victims all the time . 
  its the same here in the uk tbh , muslims have been and continue to be a pain in everybody 's ass . 
  even the second and third generations , all because of their 7th century faith . 
  when there 's a great example of integration right in front of them . 
  its sad in a way because things dont have to be the way they are . 
  but alas . 
  interesting about the mixing . 
  i asked because there 's loads of mixed guys and girls in the uk ( of all kinds of white x various combinations , mostly white x black though ) . 
  its very , very common to see . 
  so i was thinking it might be similiar in czech republic but as you said the numbers arent high enough . 
  but i think in this time of `` integration '' being such a buzzword , immgration a very hot topic etc. . i think its so refreshing , its great to see that two seperate , different groups of people can come together , get along , intermingle and integrate , compliment each others cultures so sucessfully . 
  we need more of that in europe and the world . 
  i think in the future it will be crucial if humanity wants to survive what with the huge problems we will face over this century and beyond . 
  the czech situation is a great example for others to follow . 
  how to do immigration properly . 
  i must say i always thought the czech republic was like 100 % homogenous , and whilst it mostly is , its clearly not as cut and dry as i first thought . 
  much more complex and intricate . 
  very interesting . 
  thanks for the indepth , detailed insightful reply . 
  ive learnt something new there today . 
  and your right . . asian women are hot . 
  cant blame czech guys for wanting to get to know them better :p . 
  its good to know that most czechs are open minded and take the whole porn thing in their stride . 
  its interesting you mention the whole hyporcrites thing , as i feel that would be the majority attitude if the uk had a big porn industry as we brits still have a very prudish , puritanical view of all things sex and porn . 
  certainly many people do in this country . 
  even though everybody uses porn . 
  maybe as the older generations die off things might change here . 
  but thats quite the progressive attitude you czechs have . 
  tbh thats not what i was expecting from a eastern european country ( its a stereotype of sorts how eastern europe is allegedly really intolerant , just goes to show how one should not pre-judge ) , but im glad to be wrong . 
  idk if its legal in czech republic but if i was girl there i could carry some pepper spray on me to deal with unwanted sexual advances like that . 
  how unfortunate though that people have to put up that as they go about their day , that 's disgusting really . 
  some of these tourists clearly need to get their heads checked cuz they ca n't seperate fiction/fantasy from reality . 
  but i guess there 's always gon na be a `` that guy '' . . 
  some people just have no impulse control . 
  how do czech people feel about their country being so known and famous for and so heavily associated with gay porn/porn in general ? . . 
   i love that their models are so smooth and muscly . 
  well , most of them anyway . 
  but he is immense ! . 
  more beef ( upstairs and down ~ ) than you can shake a stick at . 
  though dont forget . . adam archuleta as well , zach dehan ftw too . . woof !, 
  your right on the first point . 
  i mean they are not gon na hire ugly people to get naked and do porn . 
  but at the samtime ive seen plenty of ordinary , non-pornstar everyday run of the mill czech men who are hot and handsome fellows . 
  so i think its not just the porn . 
  well in that case its a good thing i dont speak czech :d . to my ears it just sounds like a softer sounding slavic language . 
  im not really able to pick up on the awkwardness , i can only go buy the tone of voice or the face expressions .
