  i also find it ironic how we brits are quick to never let germany forget about its crimes , or how we 're quick to chastise and have a go at japan for being so historicaly revisionist , ignorant of thier past attrocities and not teaching thier young people about thier country 's crimes against humanity ( i mean the british empire apart from the slave trade and a little bit on the east india company ( i was fortunate enough to learn about the british colonialism in australia too though . 
  i had a great history teacher in primary school & secondary school ) ... for the most part though the rest , all the atrocities are quetly swept under the rug/hardly touched upon despite the british empire still being in some responsible for many of the things happening today in the post-colonial world its all ignored . 
  we spends ages on ww2 n the nazis though . 
  many schools are like this . 
  that explains why so many are ignorant cuz we 're just not taught about it ) etc. . . 
  when in many ways we 're no different to that despite pretentions otherwise . 
  we 're very selective when it comes to the british empire and the unsavoury aspects and we should n't be so imo . 
  if we never learn from history its bound to repeat itself . 
  going by all the overweight , fat , chubby german and uk bears ive seen online . . i think they dont get as much excercise as they 're claiming too here  . 
  germany and uk with their respective large bear populations are great though  . 
  i like to put brown sauce on my chips . 
  mmm its delish . 
  garlic mayo and also tartar sauce is also fantastic too . 
  yidali made me chuckle xd . 
  no actually . 
  english a bastardised version of bits of old norse , norman french and anglo-saxon german/friesian ( ie old english ) and teeny tiny trace remenants of celtic tongue . 
  and despite the norman invaison it didnt change the core language all that much . . 
  yaaaaay . 
  bum fun for everyone !!, 
  you know when buy a pack of grapes at the supermarket , there 's always that one grape in the packet that never got to be a grape ? ... 
  well thats dutch food . 
  the dutch do n't eat , they feed themselves . 
  everybody always goes to britain when it comes to having bad food and the worst cuisine , but tbh the netherlands is the place that really deserves that title . 
  the food is terrible . 
  more often than not just either oversalted blandness and or no decrrnible flavour at all . 
  no thanks , never again . 
  there 's a reason you dont see any dutch food resturants around the world . 
  super gonnerhea is a thing here now : / ... 
  but apart from that there 's ... 
  tolerance ( despite the recent rise in hate crime and the like this is still the most tolerant nation in europe imo ) humour uncut cocks/tons of foreskin toad in the hole policing ale cricket rugby football motorsport cider and scrumpy indian and carribean food . 
  really any food you can think of secularism diversity . 
  all colours and nationalities you can think of here . 
  history nature science education nhs elderflower drinks hormone-less meat high food saftey standards electronic music music creativity sweets and deserts, 
  rockstar north, 
  you forgot things like grand theft auto and other games like the total war series . 
  or rare in the 90s with nintendo . 
  there 's dog shit all over the place here . 
  tons of it on the streets every week . 
  too many people here dont clean up after their dog , they just leave it there . 
  i cant stand it tbh . 
  nothing is ever done about it either : / . 
  dog as well . 
  there 's dog shit all over the place here . 
  tons of it on the streets every week . 
  too many people here dont clean up after their dog , they just leave it there . 
  i cant stand it tbh . 
  nothing is ever done about it either : / . 
  grand theft auto is made here, 
  the uk makes the best cider , and the best ale ( s ) in the world . 
  the cider though . . no other country compares to this island . 
  though i will admit that whilst not as good the normans and the bretons still make some great cider as well . 
  there 's no such thing as a british accent per se . 
  what you have are many different accents . 
  like you have your london accent , bristolian/west country accent , upper class posh accent , queens rp accent , cockney accent , scouse , geordie , brummie/midlands , mancunian , norfolk accent , then you got your welsh and scottish and northern irish and irish accents etc etc. . . 
   british accent is lovely . 
  which british accent exactly ? . 
  there isnt just only one british accent , but many very different accents . 
  like you have your london accent , bristolian/west country accent , upper class posh accent , queens rp accent , cockney accent , scouse , geordie , brummie/midlands , mancunian , norfolk accent , then you got your welsh and scottish and northern irish and irish accents etc etc. . . 
  if the united states were your home instead of sweden your 99 % times more likely to be gentially mutilated and not have your foreskin . 
  in my view has any nation ever committed suicide like this in the history of mankind ? . 
  sweden ( and germany for that matter ) and far too many swedes are all falling over themselves to administer their own fatal doses , destroying their respective cultures & society . 
  this is broadly similar to the fall of rome upto 476ad . 
  it 's a shame the powers that be do not study history to avoid it repeating itself : / . 
  rip sweden and europe . 
  it was a thing of beauty whilst it lasted : / . 
  ( and you know as a gay man looking over to the continent from this small island that is my home i feel like they 're are indeed many places which have and will become increasingly unsafe for people like me ( places like say sweden ) . 
  places where i would n't be welcome anymore . 
  i know many of my fellow homosexuals feel the same as well . 
  it 's the reality of what 's happening due to the huge migration of some very intolerant , homophobic peoples going on right now in europe . 
  you can not deny this , its there for all to see . 
  but i digress . . 
  i think these once safe countries ( germany , sweden et tel ) are no longer thus . 
  dangerous , backwards 3rd world , islamic hellholes they 'll be within 10 years imo . 
  islam will be the state religion before long . 
  at least sweden and germany have been great examples , shown the rest of the world how not to do things . 
  i just feel sorry for the everyday swede or german who are witnessing their ancient culture , their way of life and identity be destroyed , sacrificed on the altar of multiculturalist , pc , deranged regressive leftism and or misguided notions of population growth to fix the declining birthrate etc. 
  importing loads of people from an alien culture . 
  a culture that is an affront to western , secular , liberal and enlightenment ideas is not the answer . 
  sweden as truly gone insane ) . 
  this reminds of that deadliest warrior programme from a couple of years ago . 
  so we 're california . 
  basically the powerhouse that powers america . 
  the only and truly relevant , most influential state in the entire union . 
  without california there is no america as a superpower bascially ... 
  feels good . 
  but at least you get awesome state songs like this ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aps02f600hc / u/dlexx, 
  alfred the great/wessex 1 - vikiings 0 just sayin ' . 
  so poland , they 're more than happy to send off 1 million + essesentially third world economic migrants to the uk ( which is what the poles are , with all the problems that come with that for the uk ) though : / . 
  but wont accept any themselves . 
  poland is more than happy to take the highest amount of eu money ( mostly uk and german cash , poland receives the most cash and gets far more than they ever pay back ) to build up their dump of an economy etc. . 
  such hypocrites are these eastern european countries . 
  its all take , take , take but never give with them : / . 
  the ironic thing is , is that here in the uk we 've privitised the railways which are now owned by the state run companies of germany , holland , france etc. . . and essentially with the profits made over here we brits are subsidising the railways in continental europe . 
  you couldnt make iit up : / . 
  we 're not having a tree this year . 
  no tree is actually truer to british history , and more authentic . 
  im also not doing turkey . 
  instead im having a joint of roast beef with horsradish and roast pork shoulder with kentish apple-cider apple sauce . 
  mmm yum yum in my tum . 
  i voted brexit and have no regrets .
