  though that akwardness you mention is probably just acting , as the guys pretend they 're straight . 
  its all part of the fantasy that many gay men have , the fantasy of wanting to seduce and fuck a straight man , bring him over `` to the other team '' so to speak ( im not really into that aspect , i just love the hot sexy time :d ) . 
  but a lot of gay guys are into that , so they play up that aspect . 
   communism + vietnam war . 
  interesting . 
  i have to ask , just curious are the vietnamese welcomed and liked ? , are the ones born in the czech republic viewed as being czech ? . 
  and lastly is there any mixing between native white czech and vietnamese ? , like how common are white czech x vietnamese mixed people ? . 
  or do the vietnamese live seperately from the majority czech population , in there own seperate worlds , the two groups ( czechs and vietnamese ) not really interacting and intergrating etc ? . . 
  i couldnt agree more . 
  many of the guys they are literally beautiful , perfect physical human specimens  . 
  the action is amazing . 
  i always say bel ami is what heaven must look & be like !, 
  not to mention they have the dream job if you ask me . 
  so , so lucky . 
  i wish i could work for bel ami , sadly i have a small penis and im not in great shape , so it would never happen , but one can dream :p . 
  its mostly because of the things like the catholic religious fundementalism rearing its head in poland and just how crazy , backward and regressive the polish government seems . 
  ( and i know a nation 's government and its people are two seperate entitys , but presumably a lot of poles share the governments views as they voted for them ? 
  etc ) . 
  but thats why i think so . 
  czech hunter is the video ( s ) name . 
  it could be argued that czech hunter ( and other studios , the industry is sizable over there/in prague ) is one of the czech republic 's greatest exports ;d . many men all over the world are big fans of czech produce anyhow . 
  you guys kick ass ( amongst other things ~ xd ) . 
  from my er , um online travels i know that the czech republic/prague is arguably europe 's gay porn capital ( really only hungary/budapest and at a stretch possibly slovakia with bratislava could lay claim that title , but even then they dont really get close to the czech republic ) . 
  the industry is huge there . 
  they love dat male on male action ! . . 
  and that 's fine by me :d . i know that ive yet to see an ugly czech guy or czech girl . 
  the country must have one of the highest concentrations of hot people you 'll find anywhere . 
  pilsner lager the sudetenland crisis the assasination of rienhard heydrich in 1942 sparta prague ( and specificaly [ that goal ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ywotx1qmcfg ) by thierry henry in 2005 in prague , when he became arsenal 's top scorer ) petr cech and tomas rosicky and jan koller and paval nedved soviet union/communism tasty but heavy , artery clogging food dumplings they keep trying to make `` central europe '' a thing . 
  but its not gon na happen , as to most brits the czech republic is eastern european czechs seem much more chill than other slavic countries . 
  chill in the sense that you never hear about any nujob crazyness coming from there ( in comparison to say poland ) . 
  the czech republic just seem so much more sensible , open minded and easy going . 
  the world renowned beauty of prague , its buildings and streets they have a relatively large number of vietnamese people for some reason ? 
  austria ... well the alps , hitler , sigmund freud , pastrys ( including strudel , which everybody thinks is german but it aint . 
  and the croissant was invented in vienna ) , faschierter braten ( mmm yum ! . 
  i love getting creative and experimenting by putting all kinds of different flavourings/seasoning in it ) , classical music , arnold swcharzeneggar , old european high culture and architecture , the habsburgs , austro-hungarian empire etc. 
   why is this on a map of europe i could say the same about georgia tbh . 
  as geographically its much closer to baghdad than it is to saint petersburg . 
  its also located fully on the asian part of turkey ( and if turkey is considered not european then georgia is likwise defo not european either ) , so its not even in europe . 
  last time i checked its in asia , at least britain is actually in europe . 
  georgia ... yeah not europe im afraid . 
  r/asia is that way     , 
  its freedom ... freedom to be the masters of our own destiny once more , and freedom from oppresion . 
  the tears of my defeated enemies . . that and cheese on toast with brown sauce . 
  and a glass mint green tea . 
  i loooove green tea . 
  ive never tried japanese green tea varieties , but i will one day . 
  i know green tea is really popular in japan , i think its great . 
  really healthy and delicious . 
  whether its lemon green tea , jasmine green tea , lychee & mango green tea , apple & pear green tea , pineapple & grapefruit green tea , salted caramel green tea , mint green tea , toffee apple green tea , and or twinnings cherry bakewell flavour green tea ( great for dunking biscuits i must say . . mmm delish ! ), 
  etc. . . 
  i dig all the flavours we have here . 
  as you can see i pretty much only drink green tea . 
  no sugar or milk obvs . 
  green tea tastes great and is good for you , a win-win . 
  love the stuff \u2615, 
  going by all the overweight , fat , chubby uk bears ive seen online and irl . . i 'd agree with that . 
  there 's a large bear population in the uk . 
  its the same in sweden and pretty much all european countries as well . 
  having a big gut , pot belly/moobs/fat arse & thighs etc has become a normal thing for men in the uk/the west . 
  but we 're really leading the way in the uk for sure . 
  whats the situation like in austria ? . . 
  going by all the overweight , fat , chubby uk bears ive seen online & irl . . i 'd agree with that . 
  there 's a large bear population in the uk . 
  its the same in sweden and pretty much all european countries as well . 
  having a big gut , pot belly/moobs/fat arse & thighs etc has become a normal thing for men in the uk/the west . 
  but we 're really leading the way in the uk for sure . 
  have you ever noticed how circumcised guys have sex ? . 
  they just thrust away aggressively non-stop , the dial set to ten , as they can not get any sensation or get to orgasm any other way . 
  it looks very one note , and it looks like it 'd wear you out quickly . 
  it looks painful . 
  how do american girls and american gay men deal with it ? . 
  how does it feel ? . 
  is sex enjoyable for you guys & girls ? . 
  it doesnt look it to me . 
  but all of that is due to again loosing something like 20,000 nerve endings and all the fine touch receptors + the thick layer of skn that forms on the 24/7 exposed glans ... 
  when your numb as hell and literally feel nothing your bound to just pound away aggressively . 
  makes me wonder if circumcised men even really enjoy sex ? , i certainly wouldnt if i was circumcised . 
  you know they 're many different kinda of fgm . 
  and in infact the most common kind is actually much less damaging than ordinary male circumcision . 
  also just look at this : top 10 ways penis circumcision harms men ... http://www.sexasnatureintendedit.com/10f/foreskin_functions.html ( nsfw ) & top 10 ways circumcised penis harms women ( cuz why not , again nsfw ) ... http://www.sexasnatureintendedit.com/ ( as you can see from that scientific , in-depth n detailed breakdown of the issue , circumcision is a brutally cruel act . 
  its not just a `` piece of skin '' . 
  it does actually for the most part kill the penis . 
  a cut penis is one which has lost a huge amount of function & sensitivity ... 
  i mean for example an uncut dick has 20,000 nerve endings in the foreskin ... 
  on top of that an uncut dick also has the second highest concentration of fine touch receptors in the body ( the first being the palms of the hand iirc ) . 
  run a finger across your palm , then run a finger along the back of your hand . . notice the big difference in the intensity of sensation ? . 
  not to forget the frenelum on an uncut dick etc. 
  a cut dick has none of that ( plus its glans are exposed 24/7 , rubbing up on clothes when the glans are actually meant to be an internal organ , shielded & protected away ) . 
  so using basic science and logic one can deduce that cut is way , way less sensitive to uncut . 
  its just obviously cut guys dont know what theyre missing , so they never notice the loss of sensitivity ( unless they were circ ` ed as adults ) . 
  thus as a result it fundamentally circumcision and negatively alters how it works & alters how both parties experience sex ) ... ps . 
  tbh i 've never seen an circumcised penis which i would describe as a aesthetically good looking or beautiful . 
  circ 'd penises just have something off looking , quite unsightly about them imo . 
  not a pleasant sight . 
  we humans were born with a foreskin for a reason . 
  its not just a bit of skin . 
  also have you ever noticed how circumcised guys have sex . 
  they just thrust away aggressively non-stop , the dial set to ten , as they can not get any sensation or get to orgasm any other way . 
  it looks very one note , and it looks like it 'd wear you out quickly . 
  it looks painful .
