  of course , it ignores the fact that labor market manipulation happens , as well as ignoring a number of other factors that economists did n't think existed in the 19th century . 
  classical liberalism does n't deal with corruption very well , as the robber barons of the late 19th and early 20th centuries can attest . 
  turns out the lauded invisible hand is an iron fist in a velvet glove . 
  social darwinism in the us also is still alive and well in conservative circles . 
  william sumner 's `` what social classes owe to each other '' is still very informative about the basis of american politics , especially conservative . 
  ( hint : his answer was `` nothing . '' ), 
  michigan , too . 
  there 's an amish settlement about 50 miles from where i live . 
  you drive in that part of the county and you 'll see horse manure all down the road . 
  hey it took us 125 years to get us senators directly elected . 
  they used to be elected by the state legislatures . 
  in keeping with our theme , we did most everything else wrong and tough to fix , too , like that whole electoral college thing that got bush , jr. , and trump into office without a popular majority . 
  and that whole slavery thing and wars with the natives , of course . 
  the first go of it we had a confederacy , and we did n't see the problem with that until we realized it was hard to have an army and navy if the only the national government can have one but the only way to get funding was to wait for the states to kick in on their own . 
  that 's like passing the hat after you 've been served the meal . 
  the us is a monument to noble ideology with mediocre execution . 
  proof positive that determination and effort can result in success even when you lack sound planning , thorough research , and the benefits of experience . 
  do n't worry , we 'll get there . 
  eventually . 
  probably . 
  because that 's centuries old and is based on centuries of history and conflict . 
  for hundreds of years whomever was living in england was trying to conquer whomever was living in scotland , wales , and ireland . 
  on the other hand , english anti-immigrant sentiment [ basically started in the past 20 years ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-of-concern/ ) . 
  not sure why you 're downvoted . 
  it 's true . 
  has there been any change on the fbi investigation into the emails ? 
  they 're not going to do anything about it now . 
  2016 was a choice between a narcissistic , out-of-touch demagogue and thoroughly corrupt , two-faced , law-breaking , career backroom politician . 
  neither party put a candidate on the ballot that should be anywhere near the oval office . 
  both candidates were only interested in lining their own pockets and opening doors for their friends and their own business interests . 
  putting george r.r. 
  martin to shame on that publishing schedule . 
  no , the difference is this :  surrogacy remains illegal gay male couples essentially * require * surrogacy . 
  without legalized surrogacy , the woman who carries the child to term retains parental rights . 
  we even spell `` meter '' right , even though we do n't use it as often . 
  we have n't got the same reason to change that you lot did . 
  you ai n't gettin ' our `` aluminum , '' though . 
  and we do skip the l when pronouncing `` solder , '' so it 's not like every change we made makes sense . 
  i do n't know , i can think of a few reasons it might be confusing . 
  it was built to supply water to nimes , which is n't * that * large of a place . 
  so it was kind of built in the middle of nowhere , but it 's huge . 
  i bet that 's why it still intact , while many other roman constructions were torn down for construction materials . 
  nobody wanted to cart the stone to where they needed it . 
  it 's also an aqueduct built over * a river * , which also seems kind of strange if you do n't understand the why . 
  ah , i assumed he meant the map as a whole . 
  a lot of the names on the list i 'm not familiar with . 
  i do n't follow sports or motor sports for example , so i 've no idea who is on germany , poland , switzerland , portugal , the czech republic , croatia , spain , or italy . 
  after googling a few names most of them that are n't wearing sports jerseys or are musicians of one sort or another . 
  i 've heard of one direction , but did n't recognize them until i read the name . 
  i did n't even know who miroslav barnyashev is , either , and he 's apparently a pro wrestler in the us . 
  i just assumed the norwegian was the same . 
  the only oddball i found myself was albania . 
  so it kind of solidified my judgement that twitter is mostly about hearing bullshit about your favorite celebrity , whatever that entails , or getting news updates from businesses . 
  in spite of what the american news media seems to think , twitter is n't really newsworthy . 
  no , i just assumed that `` well that 's weird '' referred to the map as a whole and not norway in particular . 
  not at all . 
  it 's telling of the type and quality of content people go to twitter for . 
  nearly everything listed is entertainment , and much of it is aimed at younger demographics . 
  nonsense . 
  we 're america . 
  we 're going to sell weapons to the side we want to win at absurdly good rates with absurdly long payment schedules . 
  also , we may park the odd carrier group in international waters somewhere particularly inconvenient just to see if the side we do n't like wants to start something with us . 
  i agree entirely . 
  however , one does not combat ideas by censoring them and driving them underground . 
  that 's exactly what this will do with these ideas . 
  that just makes the censor appear too weak to respond rationallty , and lends false credibility to the censored . 
  you combat speech like this by challenging it * openly * . 
  you do n't censor idiocy . 
  you point at it an laugh and tell it why it 's stupid . 
  you break bad ideas with good reasoning , not with silence . 
  people * must * be allowed to discuss the ideas freely -- even bad ideas . 
  yeah , i wonder why they do n't say , `` we do n't care how you do it , but you must satisfy this curricular requirement . 
  you can take the public school class , or you can take the class in a certified private class of your choice . '', 
  the government should be interested in ensuring students meet the graduation requirements , not that they must take classes in a public school . 
  has anyone read the actual decision ? 
  journalists are notoriously poor at communicating the nuances of court cases . 
  they did . 
  the glorious implications of `` defined by usage . '', 
  english is a strong , independent language that do n't need no authority . 
  it 's the difference between knowing english is a lingua franca and seeing english as a lingua franca . 
  so the problem is that he 's a centrist leader or trying to reach across the aisle for compromise ? 
  that 's what obama was criticized for during his first two years . 
  you 've clearly not seen taco pizza , cookie pizza , and fruit pizza . 
  i have seen poutine pizza in canada , too . 
  i made it to the second book . 
  idaho clones , death of chani , and paul going blind and killing himself plus gobs of random new characters with little development of those characters just turned me off . 
  i looked up the general plot line to see if it got better and the giant worm thing made me give up there . 
  i love the first book and the david lynch movie , though . 
  on the plus side , he 's already in the inhuman worm stage . 
   reminds me of anti-french americans before the iraq invasion . 
  they dumped expensive wine into the gutters and wanted to rename french fries into freedom fries . 
  that was so embarrassing . 
  canada might be our closest ally . 
  the uk might be our strongest ally . 
  but france is our * oldest * ally . 
  they [ re ] started a war with britain to help us , and it led directly to the collapse of their whole nation into the french revolution and the horrors of the 19th century . 
  granted , they did it mainly because they did n't like the british , but they still basically bankrupted their own nation to help us achieve independence . 
  no , it 's terrible . 
  i 've said it before . 
  an american would want a regular hamburger * and * a regular slice of pizza .
