  that is a fundamental precedent required for the `` unions '' to function . 
  you will get no bailout even if you 're starving . 
  says the ignorant moron who is disrespecting democracy . 
  that 's nice . 
  i wonder if they 'll remove everything about israel now . 
  ohp , you got real defense at that . 
  i think i called you pretty well . 
  go back to stormfront please . 
  so are you from stormfront or something ? 
   but seriously , majority of salafists are spoilt , completely naive and expects the world to bow to them instead of a compromise . 
  if the world does n't bow to them , then they will force it with an ak-47 and cries of `` allahuakbar '' . 
  if they 're prepared to kill for it then they obviously are n't naive . 
  yea , i would say the graph is just all over the place . 
  it would have been better if he just compared the continents . 
  europe should just be europe . 
  what 's the point of norway ? 
  there are no other scandinavian countries . 
  he did n't include italy or france . 
  czech republic but no poland ? 
  wtf ? 
  in general these images are all over the place . 
  wish there was some consistency . 
   but he combined all other countries outside of europe with their continental neighbours sort of , but he did n't even include the major nations in europe . 
  he did n't do france or italy , so it just seems a little bit odd to me . 
   wait who are you actually talking about ? 
  it 's part of the ruse . 
  because its part of the circle-jerk . 
  op did n't want to show usa as being higher than europe , so he combined canada and usa . 
  then the circle-jerk assumes it 's canada pulling usa up . 
  perfect play by op . 
  i like how you just called usa/canada north america . 
  is catalonia even a viable state ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_republic_of_afghanistan you 're a dolt . 
  hurr durr , you think there was a communist coup in afghanistan , you must have been educated in america . 
  says the person who obviously knows nothing . 
   living in australia, 
   three big no 's though only france is a big player . 
  germany and italy are not . 
  usa , uk , fra , are the big three . 
  you know very well that is n't what i said . 
  i mean , in contrast the leftist populists want to hang bankers in the streets . 
  i think you mean this is what populism in general does to people . 
   also , it 's a joke . 
  i hate that the most about the leftist american pundits . 
  they attack their opponents with `` satire '' and sputter out `` it 's just a joke/satire '' when people call them out for saying stupid shit . 
  i think it 's a generally negative opinion . 
  at least from the reddit crowd . 
  okay m8 , well , in the real world you have to prove accusations that it 's rigged . 
  it looks pretty legit to me . 
  i might have believed you if it was a ukip victory . 
   the stability of government is not the concern of voters what . 
  i disagree with that considerably . 
  prove it ? 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/finish-military-preparing-900000-reservists-crisis-situation-326712 i suppose finland preparing reservists is just for fun then ? 
   but wasting money on war is ridiculous !, 
  unless you 're going to war with israel !, 
  am i close ? 
   as a finn , it 's kinda puzzling . 
  we are n't in the nato . 
  and we kinda fought in the axis side . 
  thank you for your service , i guess ... you must be joking . 
  you 're right next on the list to destabilize after ukraine . 
  did you seriously just forget you have a belligerent neighbor , and the major strategic obstacle for that belligerent is nato ? 
  really ? 
   in a democracy you should n't suck it up , you should be making your voice heard the voices were already heard though ? 
  she 's the leader . 
  suck it up and wait till the next election . 
   industrial espionage . 
  nice insinuation/imagery . 
  and people wonder why the anti-spying activists are n't taken seriously . 
  nothing is sourced in that article . 
  a search to jim minnery leads me to 911 truth sites , and some ron paul stuff . 
  more than likely that was just a hit piece against the us military . 
  the article is from 2002 . 
  yea , and water scarcity in california is pretty iffy too . 
  there 's a drought . 
  it happens . 
   i hope cia is not sleeping and are participating in this . 
  they should . 
  that 's their sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 . 
  i would n't get your hopes up . 
  us was n't aware the gulf states were going to attack the houthi rebels . 
  although , they probably care more about what russia does than saudi arabia . 
  russia doctrine is primarily aimed at combating nato/us doctrine . 
  from what i understand , they 've got a super heavy emphasis on ground based anti-air to counter us/nato emphasis on air . 
  no telling how it would actually play out unless a war started , but i would n't count russia out just because their air-force is lacking . 
  dude , that thing has got some crazy ass specs . 
  https://comprehensiveinformation.wordpress.com/ wooo . 
  i want one . 
   autonomic logistics information system ( alis ) , alis receives health reporting information while the f-35 is still in flight , the system enables the pre-positioning of parts and qualified maintainers on the ground , so that when the aircraft lands , downtime is minimized and efficiency is increased . 
  this system is the most delayed part of the jsf program and is encountering significantly software issues but has a very strong potential to enable much higher sortie rates and reduced ground maintenance requirements . 
  the f-35 has complex health management system 's throughout the aircraft and engine . 
  could you imagine . 
  damage one of your ailerons mid flight , your computer recognizes the damage , and then the computer moves the required repair parts to the front and notifies the specialized mechanics they 've got a repair to do . 
  what a world . 
  i hope they get that working . 
  so all of the people throwing rocks at the police station were provocateurs ? 
  hmm . 
  eyek , what a poor name choice . 
  total biscuit tells me the daily mail is also called the daily heil because they used to be fans of hitler . .
