it 's not prejudiced to say germany is full of warmongering racists because , your country started wwii and killed 6 million people in gas chambers . 
  i called your country corrupt . 
  do you disagree that there is a rather large amount of corruption in your country ? 
   what 's prejudice is assuming that that 's just how business works there , that it 's so bad it 's ubiquitous and that if you ever come across a single company that does n't operate that way , that * is * how countries operate though . 
  it 's like trying to work in china . 
  your nation is corrupt , and the only way to play is to bribe and participate in the corruption . 
  you only move up if you 're involved with the party . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  it 's not prejudiced to say southern europe is corrupt . 
  you can downvote all you want , but it does n't change that reality . 
  because greece and spain are similar . 
  you may not like the truth but it is the truth . 
  well it 's never like that . 
  it 's more like how in america you have to donate to politicians or they 'll squeeze you out . 
  that sort of thing . 
  you may not see it , but it 's happening all around you . 
  some industries are more prone than others . 
  just the way it is . 
  maybe not your corporation specifically , but that 's the way most of them operate . 
  if everyone else is requiring bribes you ca n't be offended when someone assumes you do too . 
  that 's because you probably put extreme requirements on non-spanish companies , because you only wanted to work with them . 
  then they assumed you were just looking for a bribe . 
  come on , you know how spain operates . 
  they all do , but they 're targetting german businesses so greece is targeting them because of the greek financial issues . 
  just the way it is . 
   has it crossed your mind that perhaps companies like them are those who do corrupt the politicians in the 1st place ? 
  hm , that 's actually not usually true . 
  usually the corruption is a requirement to do businesses in countries like greece , but it comes from the politicians not the businesses . 
  yea , new fox poll puts trump as number 1 @ 24 and second choice of 10 %, 
   donald trump has 24 % support from one party representing a 29 % -39 % of voters . 
  of the 75 % that 's not supporting him , he 's no one 's second choice . 
  that 's not true . 
  trump is actually the number 1 second choice now . 
   far-left canadian opinion discarded . 
  but hey , at least they are n't living in poverty . 
  oh , yea , that 's the health care guy . 
  are you talking about the one that went on a rant about transgendered people in the military ? 
  or the ohio guy who got flack for expanding their health care , lol . 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  you know that . 
  well , donald trump just said russia is europe 's problem . 
  if he wins the presidency there might be a huge shake up . 
  dunno , people have different opinions . 
  i 've had people tell me they think russia were the initial instigators of the revolution . 
  russia seemed confident there would n't be a response though . 
  i definitely think obama 's blink was the cause of that . 
  they were disgustingly blatant . 
  did n't even give a fuck if the world knew , because they thought nothing would happen . 
  and nothing did happen . 
  putin called it perfectly . 
  yea , but imo the blink was much worse than that . 
  2013 obama blinks 2014 - isis blitz , israel ignores usa and is very aggressive towards hamas , iran ups funding for assad/hezb , russia annexes crimea , assad doubles his barrel bombs and other attacks on civilians in syria . 
  melt down happened after he blinked . 
  the previous stuff gave them the guts to test him though . 
  i bet you putin called assad after obama made the red line , and promised him undying support if he used chemical weapons . 
  this is speculation , but imo ukraine got fucked because obama declared a red line on syria , and he did n't follow through on his threat of military action . 
  literally a year later russia annexed crimea , and i think it would be silly to say putin did n't notice obama 's blink . 
  notice how obama has been a lot more militant lately . 
  would you like the equivalent of farc in the netherlands ? 
  come on now . 
  pkk does n't really fight isis . 
  they got the shit stomped out of them until the united states became their 24/7 over the top airstrike buddy . 
  i dont think european has the numbers to actually effectively brigade . 
  im sure there is an effect , but you cant put all of the blame on that sub . 
   but the fact of the matter is the boston bombers mostly grew up in the us and were radicalized in the us . 
  yet people say it 's '' typical chechens again '' . 
  i love how you still manage to blame the usa for something in your post , and you 're hilariously wrong too . 
  one bad mod is enough to ruin a subreddit . 
  so sad . 
  i 've always viewed it as a desperation visa . 
  `` what 's that ? 
  your government is persecuting you and you 're wealthy ? 
  500k plz . '', 
   plus , as the reserve currency of the world the usa doing qe is essentially just the usa stealing everyone elses money and giving it to their citizens . 
  hardly an option for everyone . . that 's a new one . 
  i thought you were going to say germany was a bubble . 
  i was at -25 earlier , so quite a few people did . 
  but nah , editing the leaks pretty much discards them completely . 
  you ca n't trust their leaks . 
  i personally like the one with the nazi flag hiding behind the eu flag . 
  it 's very original . 
  how embarrassing . 
  probably twitter bots . 
  trending worldwide does n't mean anything . 
  pretty much . 
  it does n't really matter what the truth is . 
  germany is doing something politically unpopular , so certain groups use it as the next big country to hate . 
  i do n't take it too seriously . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3cg5dy/saudi_to_vatican_help_us_bring_down_assad_and_we/csv9q7t wikileaks claims saudi arabia is threatening the christians in syria when talking to the vatican . 
  it is completely false . 
  downvote for going against the circle-jerk i guess , but these guys are not a legitimate resource . 
  i would n't . 
  wikileaks has a tendency to edit/mis-translate things ( a big example is the saudi cable translations ) to fit their own agenda . 
  their stuff is n't taken too seriously . 
  ** edit : here 's a little source for you guys . 
  ** https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3cg5dy/saudi_to_vatican_help_us_bring_down_assad_and_we/csv9q7t wikileaks claims saudi arabia is threatening the christians in syria when talking to the vatican . 
  it is completely false . 
  downvote for going against the circle-jerk i guess , but these guys are not a legitimate resource . 
  no , no they wo n't . 
  the us government does not bail out states .
