  wow such environment / s the worst part of this , however , is the precedent . 
  norwegian public stock ownership has up until now been run very technocratically , with the state telling the technocrats `` we want a long-term return with low risk , fix it pls '' and then leaving the specifics up to the technocrats ; this has been a smashing success . 
  this may open the floodgates for using our oil money for shit populist stunts , like this one . 
   immigration and emigration are as much a part of european history as wars and kings . 
  these immigrations and emigrations were often * very * painful for the existing population , and eroded their identity , sometimes eroding their very people . 
  an irish person would be insane not to oppose viking involvement in his country . 
  today it is less painful , but this argument that migration happened in the past , hence it 's just cool , and the myth that migrations are painless , must end . 
  the germans in spain and thailand are n't changing their citizenship , and they are n't withdrawing funds from the local budget , or taking jobs ; in fact they pay for everything themselves ( well , via the german budget if they 're old ... ) and provide both jobs and income to the population living there . 
  oh and they 're old , so they wo n't really leave any demographic imprint . 
  the nonwestern immigration to the west is pretty much the polar opposite . 
  if they are serious about reducing environmental footprint , no they should n't . 
  also , if these new people withdraw more money and resources from society than they provide , they will deepen the economic problems , not solve them . 
  incidentally this is mostly the case ... 
  i was n't quite clear on what rabobi was referring to here ... 
  but if we are going to bomb the boats * before * people get into them , well , that 's impossible . 
  a refugee boat is indistinguishable from a fishing vessel until refugees are actually in it , and bombing the local populations hard earned boats will be * extremely * unpopular not to say immoral . 
   honestly i 'm not sure what the results of the bombing the boats approach is going to be if it get used what would happen is first , mass murder then , crossings would immediately stop that said , i hope i 'm not alone in thinking mass murder is n't really ok , even if it secures our borders . 
  scandinavians are n't prettier than others , they really look quite ordinary compared to ... well ... other europeans . 
  the only difference is a higher incidence of blue eyes and blonde hair , but the latter is getting increasingly irrelevant now that hair colouring is so widespread . 
  a % tax each year on everything you own . 
  money , stocks etc. 
  but houses are sort of excluded . 
  norway has a tax system which disincentivizes saving and incentivizes investment in property ; combined with booming property taxes , it leads to people living in very expensive , highly indebted houses . 
  disincentives to saving : a wealth tax of around 1 % ( i believe ? ), 
  as well as paying tax ( 28 % ? ), 
  on the capital gains on interest . 
  on the other hand , if you buy a house , then you will * not pay property taxes on the house * - well , that 's not 100 % true , but the house only counts as a fraction of it 's real value , on the wealth taxation meter . 
  oh , and the interest you pay , you do n't have to pay taxes on . 
  so if i pay 10x in interest , then i do n't have to pay taxes on that 10x . 
  there are also not many places with property tax , that is set locally . 
  i 'm right leaning personally , but i wish the state would set a national property tax of at least 1 % . 
  so , we have an almost symmetrical set of disincentives to saving , and incentives to spending . 
  well that program was spectacularly unsuccessful , as their deficit spending numbers attests to . 
  as such , they did not employ austerity , though they may have talked about it . 
  i hope you 're not under the illusion that the uk employed austerity during the crisis , or now for that matter , silly american . 
  they had massive deficit spending now and then . 
  that is not austerity . 
  wait , he did n't use ppp ? 
  that 's downright fraudulent . 
  per capita , ppp is the only relevant statistic . 
   i find it interesting how many european countries did not look at the french example a bit more closely to avoid commiting the same mistakes . 
  this is like ... immigration policy in a nutshell . 
  two dozen countries making the same mistakes right after each others . 
  empiricism , and learning from other countries mistakes is just not something you do . 
  i 'll be watching something more harmonious , like meatspin , tubgirl or lemonparty , thank you . 
  what 's with the rooster ? 
  is n't the traditional thing a bear ? 
  and what is 522 error ? 
  how reliable is that site ? 
  i agree that the war against libya was horrible , but it is n't the * cause * of these immigrants . 
  almost all of these immigrants , except for a few hundred , are from these 7 countries : gambia , senegal , somalia , syria , mali , eritrea , nigeria . 
  source http://politiken.dk/udland/ece2653847/statistik-baadfolket-stammer-fra-blot-7-lande/ which again refers to iom ( though not directly to the paper , annoyingly enough ), 
  with france , uk , and most of eastern europe ( right ? ), 
  strongly opposed , there 's no way it 's gon na pass , right ? 
   why do tourists drive slower ? 
   they are unused to driving on mountain roads . 
  ah , that would make more sense . 
  though ... 
  i 'm not quite certain we are going to make that much sense . 
  past experience would speak against it . 
   `` these problems of great migrations are much like those of the rural exodus . 
  people are leaving the countryside to the cities driven by poverty , the same way people leave poor countries to go to rich countries , simply because their situation is untenable , '' the nigerien leader said . 
  l o l , even the africans admit the ` migrants ' are economically driven , not by any need for asylum . 
   several shelters are to open in niger in an attempt to curb illegal migration to europe , the french interior minister has said . 
  yea because shelters are gon na stop economic immigrants . 
  jesus christ , the african countries have more reality-based policies than we have . 
  yeah you 've never had to deal with them huh ? 
  and the crying libtards does n't help , with their endless newspaper barrage of `` anele ( 7 ) is a begger girl who only wants a place to camp , evil people kick her out '' which sabotages the effort . 
  oh and of course , they can always move 1 km down road , then up , then back ... 
  i never said it was north korea , that 's a stupid strawman from your side . 
  but their culture * is * conformist as fuck , there is no denying it . 
   they 'd need a permit for that , and it 's highly unlikely that the local council would approve a random caravan park in the middle of a suburb . 
  it 's highly unlikely that the travellers would give a shit about that , if they are anything like gypsies, 
  no dissent allowed . 
  swedes have a conformist and centralized culture , in which correct opinions are being decided in stockholm . 
  speaking out against the dominating narrative is frowned upon - you * just do n't do * that . 
  hence , most of the stuff you see is going to reflect upper class stockholm values . 
  it 's a stupid silencing technique . 
  for some reason people think / r/bad [ topic ] 's are authorities on anything , so people quote those places when they want to say you 're wrong . 
  admittedly , many wwii experiences were like that . 
  but post-war immigration from asia and africa , which is what these asylum seekers are ... 
  it 's a tad weird is n't it , to see so many of them on european streets , if they were supposed to return after the war ended ? 
   hoping to repatriate them is unrealistic imo . 
  and ahistorical . 
  i do n't know of any refugee group in modern history , which has returned to their country of origin . 
  if they exist we 're talking single digit percentages . 
  in other words : history is a cruel , heartless bitch , and anyone who expects mercy from it is a fool . 
  we had an ethics revolution in the west . 
  the modern liberal code of ethics is 100 % unique in history . 
  and here you are , assuming that a far off place is going to become exactly like us , in the future ... 
  when we even have large problems convincing * those that are already here * to adopt our mindset . 
  talk about being naive . 
   otherwise the general idea behind asylum is to repatriate refugees as soon as war/dictatorship/whatever is over . 
  lol , no . 
  this has happened like , three times in the history of asylum immigration ? 
  even if that * was * the principle , you ca n't kick out the children ( of which they have many ) and most places give citizenship status quickly ... 
  why look to the future , when we can look to the present and past ? 
  history and the present is full of arabs and middle easterners trying to violently suppress other religions and ethnic groups . 
  if we had emigrated and set up churches , we 'd get fucking suicide bombed - see , christian in the middle east . 
  and what rights does refugees have in turkey or lebanon ?
