name some ? 
  proven ones only please, 
  what an utterly stupid reply from your side . 
  look up [ the hawthorne effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hawthorne_effect ) essentially , people will be on their best behavior if they think they are being observed . 
  in the case above , people were told they were in an experiment . 
  the experiment was to lower the brightness of the room by dimming the lamps . 
  productivity increased . 
  then they did the opposite , turning the lights back to the old level . 
  productivity * still * increased . 
  conclusion : people work better if they are being observed . 
  haha , that 's a pretty hilarious concept for a novelty account . 
  sucks you had to ruin it by pointing it out . 
   you mean something like the welfare state ? 
  nhs ? 
  pensions ? 
  ppp ? 
  ( the fundamentals of several european countries ' societies ) i could go on and on . 
  you do n't * seriously * think these are uk inventions ? 
  i guess you have a streak of ` murica in you after all . 
  lol does the french parliament read le reddit lol ? 
  unwarranted self importance . 
  same reason why you made super special secret clubs when you were 7 . 
  i would disagree . 
  their strict rules makes them all look samey after a few days . 
  would n't surprise me if this one was banned for some reason . 
  the british public has been against immigration for decades , no one has acted on it . 
  about fucking time someone represented their interests . 
   opposing globalization is like opposing natural selection , it will backfire in ways you might not expect or realize . 
  are you in * favour * of natural selection ? 
  i mean , much of civilization is * built * around avoiding natural selection . 
  hence we do n't let people with disabilities starve to death , people with illnesses ditto . 
  they pay up to thousands of dollars , several years annual wages , to go . 
  of course they do some research first . 
  people have tvs and cell phones even in places like congo . 
  and we have proof that people can travel from africa to europe , and news travels magnitudes faster . 
   at this speed ( ~ 25k per year ) , sweden 's population will be completely replaced with refugees in only about 400 years !, 
  ! 1 yea , assuming that none of the immigrants will have any children or import more people through family reunification . 
  which are of course stupid assumptions . 
  that 's insane . 
  but , they come because they think they have a chance of making it . 
  kick out everyone decisively and categorically , and the stream will become a trickle . 
  in every country where it 's been measured , it turns out nonwestern immigrants are receiving much more services from the state than they yield , they are n't gon na fund anything . 
  they are a net drain . 
  i guess you have an excuse for your ignorance though ; in ireland you 've been blessedly free of large-scale third world immigration , you probably believe they act like eastern european labour immigrants or western high-education immigrants . 
  uh , okay . 
  it 's just that in this case the wages are being specifically mentioned , and the dude i responded to was specifically miffed about `` cut wages '' while at the same time advocating wage-cuts via inflation ... 
  there are other effects but really they were n't brought up or really relevant in this particular case . 
  it does . 
  what is your point ? 
  that 's not the only effect . 
  the other effect is it can lower real interest rates and boost spending like that , but interest rates are already super low . 
  i do n't want to rummage through my stuff to find my university books , tbh . 
  you can take my word for it or look up the wiki entry for real wage http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_wage, 
  if the prices of everything you buy increases by 1 % , then your salary buys ( roughly ) 1 % less . 
  this means your * real * wage depresses by 1 % . 
  this sneak-lowering of wages is what makes inflation work as stimulus , as it makes labour relatively cheaper . 
  this is 101 stuff . 
  and if you inflate while keeping wages the same , what do you think that is exactly ... ? 
  it 's cutting salaries just indirectly instead of directly . 
  weird to be opposed to cutting salaries directly but not cutting them by inflation . 
   did they just ... is it just me or is that about one human being being superior to another just because of race ? 
  no , they really did n't . 
  they said israel was civilized and hamas was not . 
  but `` because of race '' , no that 's just you seeing what you want to see . 
   since the eurozone 's inception , german exports to greece have risen by 150 % - that is , they have more than doubled ...  in contrast , greek exports to germany have risen by almost 10 % . 
  norway exports to china is 15 billion nok , whereas imports are 45 billion nok . 
  are we to conclude that norway has a negative trade balance ? 
  of course not , because there 's more than two different countries in the world , and looking at just two does n't give a full picture . 
  now , greece * has * had a negative trade balance , but you are confusing cause and effect here . 
  negative trade balance comes from borrowing money , that 's in the very definition of the current account ... 
  the reason why greece bought lots of german products is because they borrowed lots of money , more money than their local economy could really support , so the only thing to buy with these money were foreign products . 
  no european country * forced * greece to borrow beyond their means , they made that decision all of their own . 
  no one benefited as much from the eurozone as the southern european countries . 
  where they 'd ordinary get some 10 % interest rate on their loans , the euro allowed them to get german levels of interest until shit really hit the fan . 
  it was a massive breather . 
  they used this breathing space to indebt themselves even further . 
  they acted like a fucking alcoholic , or like a procrastinating student . 
  this is why we have to put such harsh terms on the loans they receive now btw , because their states have ** proven ** themselves to be unable to handle loaned money . 
  victim blaming is entirely in place when the victim is , in fact , to blame for what happened . 
  you victimized yourselves . 
  greece 's fucked up political culture of cronyism and political clientelism is reason number one , two and three for their current woes . 
  does it suck for the people who must pay for this ? 
  yes . 
  were the people to blame ? 
  not everyone , but a very significant chunk . 
  but what completely erodes my sympathy is when greeks pretend that this is all someone elses fault and they show no willingness to change or to face the realities . 
  that 's what make me say you made your bed , now lie in it . 
  he 's demonstrating a concept . 
  please do n't evade his question . 
  weird borg-like people from distant mountains , cool beer and castles but horrible at service . 
  our political class is one of the most cowardly in europe . 
  it bows for the eu without friction , it bows to the nsa , it bows to china . 
  it is pathetic and completely without spine . 
  never got why people got so butthurt about that one . 
  i was n't at the summit . 
  but i have a proposal : create safe offshore refugee camps , much better funded than what we have now . 
  use military to ensure safety if you have to . 
  send * every * migrant with need for protection there , allow no one in either as illegals or asyluk seekers or wtf else you want to call it, 
  2000 these next two years . 
  plus family reunification , plus their children , plus the inevitable increase in quotas , and then , when it has happened once , it will happen again next year .
