  family planners were amazed to discover that only a year or two after contraceptives had appeared in cities , illiterate women were using them in remote villages . 
  the pattern of swift , uninterrupted decline is now taken as the norm : the un uses it to project a worldwide convergence towards the replacement rate of fertility ( 2.1 , the rate at which a population stabilises in the long term ) . 
   but convergence is not happening in africa . 
  in a few countries , including niger and uganda , the fall in fertility has barely begun . 
  where it has started , the decline is usually slower than it was in asia . 
  east asian fertility fell by more than half in the 20 years to 1985 . 
  in cameroon fertility has fallen only one point ( from 5.7 to 4.7 ) in the past 20 years . 
  and in eight african countries , including ghana and kenya , the decline has stalled -- that is , after falling for a while , the rate got stuck at about five . 
  fertility stalls are not unknown elsewhere : argentina 's fertility remained at three for decades ; south korea and costa rica also experienced hiccups . 
  but no continent has experienced so many stalls , or so early in the process of decline , as africa . 
  http://www.economist.com/node/21541834 essentially , un assumes that the south american experience holds true everywhere , not understanding that people are different . 
  they build more with the profits from the smuggling . 
  boat builders in libya are making a killing atm ... 
  one of the things that makes it more mysterious is that no ( credible ) norwegian soldier has tried to take responsibility . 
  i mean , he was besieging a norwegian fort at the time , shooting him down would have meant massive respect and probably rewards for the shooter . 
  but no one came forth . 
  so what , then ... 
  i read [ a book ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/napoleon-wellington-the-long-duel/dp/1842127403 ) about this . 
  the brits won due to this one easy trick , which the french hates : they were standing on top of a hill , actually slightly behind the top . 
  when the french artillery fired , they simply lay down flat on the ground , which allowed the bullets to bounce over them with small casualties . 
  napoleon had n't realized that , even though wellington had used the same trick in spain - presumably because he was more busy on more important fronts , and partially because napoleon was not so flexible tactically - he used one winning strategy instead of a myriad small ones . 
  anyways , the smoke and dust from the cannonballs made it hard to gauge the actual casualties inflicted on the british formations , so napoleon did n't notice that they were much less damaged than they `` ought '' to be , if not for that simple trick ... 
  i mean , what do they take us for ? 
  * racists ? 
  this is like ... child service controversy.txt . 
  here 's the recipe : - ask parents why their kids were removed - when parents give dumbshit answer , take it as gospel , no source criticism necessary - refuse to cover the child service spokesman contradicting the parents answer ( they are mandated by law to say nothing except `` we ca n't comment , but it is n't like that '' ) profit !, 
  yes , profit . 
  tabloids live off outrageous headlines . 
  it 's easier to be an illegal immigrant in the uk than in france , supposedly . 
  something with needing a national identity card to get work , or something . 
  believe me , that 's * not * a unique occurence . 
  same happened in norway , even while the housing was accompanied with extensive education . 
  used to have a deal that gaddaffi would stop and process refugees , until we overthrew him . 
  yet another reason why that action was retarded ... 
  better than the current poland-indonesian they have . 
  have you guys found an icelandic non-corrupted word for `` youtube '' ? 
  have you ever seen or experienced or heard about a situation in which you go through temporary stress or hardship , in order to achieve a long term gain ? 
   i 've never understood this argument me neither , until i understood one thing : most people ca n't think one step ahead . 
  your logic is dependent upon two steps ( population ca n't increase forever , therefore ... ) , hence it is too complex for most people . 
  very few people , least of all high school graduates , have a firm understanding of even their own subcontinents history . 
  adding another perspective before you 've even understood the first one wo n't help anyone . 
   you 're making it sound like ` leftists ' are shipping in immigrants to make the white race go extinct . 
  leftists are the main pro-immigration group . 
  i do n't think they are doing it based on any plan , rather a set of ideologies , rationalization , hipsterism and small lies aka pc culture . 
   never mind that 0-6 year olds in a single city is a pretty small and skewed sample size for the entire population it gives a good measure of how things are gon na be in the future . 
  i mean , there was nothing happening 6 years ago that made people breed like mad , so in 6 years the next 0-6 cohort is gon na be as large as this one ( at least ) , and then the next one , and the next one ... 
  in other words , the future for antwerp is 72 % non-belgian . 
  unless the non-belgian rates of reproduction remains higher than that of the natives , in which case it 's gon na be more . 
  it 's weird really , we always heard we were gon na be benefitting from immigration , but as it is it looks like `` we '' wo n't even be left in the cities to benefit from it . 
   what makes the other 28 % belgian ? 
  history , culture ...  with them or without them the land will still be here in 50 years and the things wo n't change significantly . 
  well * the land * will be there yes , but right now i 'm talking about * the people * . 
  that said , explosive population growth will not be kind to the land either . 
  and so far , environmentalism is something invented and pushed by westerners . 
  when culturally western people disappear , who knows what will happen to it . 
  edit : that said i 'd like you to answer the question . 
  is it fair to say `` enough '' if , say , 80 % of a countries population is from a foreign culture ? 
  and if that culture is drastically different from the local one ? 
  leftists , is there a point where we should say `` enough '' ? 
  if so , where ? 
  80 % of the population is foreign ? 
  if no , what 's the end game ? 
  extreme immigration forever ? 
  10-15 years back it was different , very different , with some parts tending to be missing . 
  the kerchers have spent lots of time trying to smear an obviously innocent person . 
  i understand they have a right to some leniency due to grief , but at some person you need to stop doing that shit . 
  if someone does shit to you , it does n't entitle you to shit on other innocent people . 
  property rights protection is an essential feature of capitalism . 
  capitalism typically includes private property rights . 
  russia has [ very bad property rights protection ] ( http://internationalpropertyrightsindex.org/countries?f=ipri&amp;o=asc ) [ economic freedom index also rates it very low  ( http://www.heritage.org/index/country/russia#open-markets last ) note how corruption makes all investments unstable . 
  uhm ... what ? 
  we 're talking about logistics . 
  dense populations makes logistics easier , and infrastructure projects more profitable . 
  also , goods have to travel shorter and you can more often have benefits of scale . 
  homogenous population got jack shit to do with it . 
   i 'm sorry but by that logic what exactly do you think his logic was ? 
  maybe , after this stint in politics is finished , he can retire and become a pop star in germany \u00e0 la david hasselhoff . 
  i really do n't believe that chinese cost figure . 
  blame forced labour all you like but i imagine making a tank requires lots of * skilled * labour and capital , and is n't all that labour intensive . 
   yeah , this is how the left operates in the netherlands . 
  in norway the same . 
  atm tho the justice minister is kicking out `` asylum children '' to massive controversy . 
  see , when a family comes here and then gets rejected , it takes a while if they are to exhaust all of their many appeals opportunities . 
  in the meanwhile , their children are allowed to go to kindergarten , school etc. 
  after 4-5 years the children feel at home , particularly the small ones who may not remember any other home . 
  however according to law they are to be kicked out . 
  so then we get massive leftist and press agitation , `` little charlotte ( 7 ) just wants to stay with her friends '' and `` little mohammed ( 13 ) wants to go back to norway '' ( from jordan ) . 
  the result of this agitation was that the entire family was allowed to stay on an obviously unsubstantiated asylum application . 
  now however a new justice minister has stepped up the pace of deportations , there has been whining but he has persisted so far . 
  i hope he wo n't relent , but the media pressure is there and there 's talks of a motion of no confidence . 
  you are n't helping anyone , least of all your own side ... 
  please go away . 
   but when i see the vitriol , uninformed hatred and sheer bigotry being peddled how many such examples can you find in this thread ... ? 
  i suspect your definition of hatred , vitriol and bigotry is rather broad . 
  there 's the trolling tard below , but other than that i ca n't see any . 
   no one is forcing anyone to make it permanent , asylum can be temporary and when they get children , what then ? 
  kick out the children too ? 
  probably illegal under the law , and most certainly the left will mobilize * everything * against such a move , and they 'll end up staying permanently . 
  and what if the conflict drags on ? 
  or they claim they will be tortured if they return ( and most places in the world carries some risk of torture ) ?
