  so multiply 2000 with more than a few factors there . 
  je suis ... hmm ... where did everyone go ? 
  yeah , they are gon na expand those quotas every fucking year , better believe it ... that 's how it went in every single western country . 
  you say no now or you 've lost . 
  all you need is a fence actually , see hungary . 
   as refugees will almost exclusively consume and not invest , this money directly goes back into the economy and creates economic growth . 
  this is only in the short term . 
  the idea that consumption causes long-term economic growth was abandoned in the 70 's . 
  modern economics holds consumption creates growth in the short term , but not in the long term ; in the long and middling term it is obvious that growth is created by production . 
   is this adjusted for purchasing power of course not . 
  that 's the point . 
  spending the same money in turkey yields much better returns , due to the money having higher purchasing power . 
  what would an efficient engineer do then , try to use them effectively or ineffectively ? 
  very impressive . 
  consider germany , which will spend [ around 10 billion euros ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-crisis-to-cost-germany-10-billion-euros/a-18696346 ) one year to process and handle 800k , out of which half or more will be sent back anyways ( well , technically , in reality they will stay as illegals ) . 
  it 's clear turkey has the better method . 
  let 's try theirs ? 
  or if we ca n't , maybe pay them to do it for us ? 
  the worst thing is they never learn from their mistakes . 
  they just continue with renewed fervor . 
  next time , next time ... 
  it is important to look at past experiences , and trends , when making predictions . 
  so far , it seems to me that a very large amount of immigrants from third world countries create parallel societies , and that these societies have many traits that are a ) not at all english b ) highly antisocial , like female rights in the pakistani community , littering in afrocaribbean communities , etc. 
  a trend is that , the larger the ethnic community is relative to the natives , the easier it is for them to separate and the harder it is to integrate . 
  as such we will likely see this trend become worse , much worse with this new cohort of 1/3rd non-english pupils . 
   in norway the estimated lifetime net costs for a refugee are about one million euros . 
  this is for a somali refugee . 
  the average for non westerns is about half that . 
  see [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3jzmf6/germany_to_spend_66_billion_on_800000_refugees/cutrl81 ) for sources . 
  i have seen similar numbers in norway . 
  would you mind giving me a source for your numbers ? 
  i 'm trying to build a database of sorts . 
  the post-wwii system was rather radically different from the pre-wwii one . 
  which is silly because almost all western countries are nation-states . 
  the principle has been very successful . 
  the idea that nationalism is right wing and regressive is what needs to be fought , imo . 
  early 1900s it was considered a radical , progressive and humanitarian idea , it should become like that again . 
  blame the chinese more than europe ... congos clothing industry , to take an example , was n't put out of business by europe but by superior chinese competition . 
  relatively high . 
  not sweden levels , but among the highest in europe per capita . 
  less social problems due to low unemployment , but now with the oil prices i 'm sure we 'll see that seen it . 
  also it 's extremely expensive in terms of money , welfare etc. 
  for each refugee , based on numbers from the central bureau of statistics . 
  they said the same thing in norway and all over western europe . 
  they start by ridiculing you for feeling threatened by `` just a small minority look at them '' but then it always increases from there , through bigger quotas , big families , family reunifications and god knows what . 
  you guys need to say decisively no , * now * , not later . 
  edit : in germany , they 're already saying that `` germany was always a nation of immigrants '' and `` it was unavoidable '' ( mostly because of you guys but you know ) and so on . 
  they really are totally shameless . 
   and debt reduction does n't have an opportunity cost because ... ? 
   it does have . 
  everything has costs . 
  including these refugees . 
  saying the money flows back into the german economy is irrelevant since it does that in a myriad different ways to spend it . 
  op pretended that this somehow was a mitigating factor but it is n't ; it 's a clear , pure , * cost * to the german state . 
   firstly , there 's no choice , so there 's no opportunity to forego . 
  you absolutely do not understand the concept . 
  if you get sick and have to spend 100 $ on medicine , did you choose to get sick ? 
  but those 100 $ still carry an opportunity cost . 
  you lose the opportunity to use those 100 on something else , like a computer or part of a car or whatnot . 
   secondly , opportunity cost is n't the cost of the opportunity you forego , but the benefit you forego from taking that opportunity . 
  so even if this was a situation where a choice exists , the fiscal multiplier effect from spending the money on refugees instead of a bridge might actually be the best choice . 
  so you argue it 's better to spend the money on the current consumption of total foreigners , who will be a financial drain , is somehow a gain . 
  and you know the alternative to spending the money on welfare for total foreigners ? 
  spending it on welfare for germans . 
  that is another one of the lost opportunities . 
  the german people * lost * this * cost * of immigration . 
  these billions of euros is a cost , stop trying to pretend it is n't . 
  it 's downright delusional . 
  turkey was more instrumental in arming isis . 
  also , i doubt refugees in turkey gets anywhere near as many rights and welfare benefits as in europe . 
  turkey * is * a model though . 
  their refugee camps are good . 
  and i do n't think there 's much doubt the refugees are getting back into syria once war is over . 
  germany chose to accept the refugees and open the floodgates 2 . the point remains , that this is a * cost * , and you ca n't pretend the cost does n't matter . 
  if the refugees had n't come , that 3.3 billion would either have been spent at something else , or resulted in lower debt . 
   unless you have reasons to believe that the german government is diverting 3.3 billion in spending from other parts of the budget to the refugees , your argument of opportunity costs simply does n't apply . 
  if they are n't divesting from other parts of the budget , then that is 3.3 billion that would 've increased their fiscal balance without refugees . 
  hence the opportunity cost from these refugees is +3.3 billion euros in debt relative to what they otherwise would 've had . 
  you ca n't handwave costs away no matter how hard you try . 
   also , opportunity cost ? 
  what is this , a 1st semester economics lecture ? 
  we 're talking about a state here , not your decision whether to buy a candy bar or a bag of chips . 
  i have studied economics on a university level . 
  opportunity cost applies to everything , not just candy bars of bags of chips . 
   the money would need to be spent on refugees either way , the german gov ' t is n't `` inviting '' them as part of a government spending program . 
  right , and when that money is spent on refugees then that money cant be spent on something else and that something else is called the ** cost ** . 
  it does n't matter whether the money will become part of the fiscal multiplier , it 'd be part of that no matter what you spend it on . 
  hence , the refugees carry a * cost * and no sophistry will handwave that away . 
   that 's fine , but what does that have to do with refugees and infrastructure ? 
  if they do n't spend that money on refugees , they could 've spent it on something else . 
  but they lose that opportunity when spending it on refugees ; that `` something else '' is the opportunity cost , or simply `` cost '' of the refugees . 
   he 's saying that contrary to what a lot of people in this thread seem to think that money is n't wasted on the refugees , it 'll have a positive return for the german economy . 
  he does n't understand economics , for the reason outlined above . 
  you are ignoring the concept of opportunity cost . 
  you can use the money on refugees , or on infrastructure ; fiscal multiplier remains the same . 
  but when you spend it on refugees , the capacity to spend it on infrastructure goes away ; you lost that opportunity . 
  your argument is the classic broken window fallacy . 
  it 's a * polish * death camp . 
  well if you totally change the meaning of the sentence it does n't make sense any more , of course it is like that . 
   can you stop making up bs ?
