  it solves the problem of people coming in from abroad and swamping the labour market . 
  it does n't solve it for the eu , but then , solving part of the problem is much better than solving * no * part of the problem . 
  and why would n't they demand earnings well above the median ? 
  it is low skilled labourers who are hardest hit by immigration competition , why would n't they care about those ? 
  as for the retroactive thing , it 's not made retroactive , they are thrown out * now * for something they do * now * , not for anything they did in the past . 
  good to see that the policy is working . 
  what 's stupid about this policy ? 
  truth to be told , no one * really * cares about international law , there 's no international police to stop you from breaking it . 
  the only thing stopping us is ourselves . 
  this is so hypocritical it hurts . 
  after having spent all her time talking about the turkish solution , which is paying turkey to keep migrants out she now condems the balkans for , uh , keeping migrants out . 
  i never really understood hunger strikes . 
  if it was someone i cared about , sure , but if it 's some total stranger wanting to kill himself in order to compell me to do something ... 
  i mean , wtf ? 
  am * i * supposed to care about that ? 
  also they never follow through on their promise to hunger strike . 
  they always end it before it 's too late . 
  like the crazy ex who promises to kill himself if you do n't do what he wants , the answer is `` fine , just do it '' . 
  well , italy joined in on it . 
  askhistorians are full of people who are historians , but on a totally different field than what they 're answering . 
  so the answers are often not more intelligent than that of a layman . 
  she 's extremely shrewd at party politics as far as i know . 
  there 's no one to stand up to her . 
  ever since the crisis started merkel has been making '' ` if the german people ~ ~ lose the war ~ ~ do n't do what i want , then they will have proved themselves unworthy of me '' - esque statements . 
  she 's down with a bad case of german leader syndrome . 
  winner take it all elections in the uk , probably . 
  good thing syriza [ gave lots of them a path to citizenship ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/02/05/greek-migration-minister-citizenship-to-all-children-born-in-greece/ ) as the first thing they did . 
  smart guys , syriza, 
   norwegian ministers got the danish minister ( per h\u00e6kkerup ) drunk as a skunk , when they were negotiating the border lines in the north sea . 
  which were important for what became the norwegian oil bonzana . 
  most expensive bottle of whiskey ever . 
  well . 
  the danes had no actual legal justification to claim more than they have now , so idk what the drink would 've changed . 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  you realize it all started somewhere right ? 
  even in the west it was a trickle in the beginning . 
  the discussion is rumoured to be at the core of the orthodox-catholic split , we have learned not to discuss it anymore, 
  are the two mutually exclusive or something ? 
  of all the dumb `` gotcha '' arguments stuff internet le atheists type , this is one of the dumbest . 
  it really is up there with `` how is god omnipotent if he ca n't create a taco so big he ca n't eat it ? '', 
  you have freedom to steal . 
  you do n't have freedom from consequences of stealing . 
  oh wait , actually that 's the same as not having freedom to steal . 
  r/america is that way --  and it 's truth and snark at the same time . 
  feeling threatened by someone `` claiming history '' is blm level hysteria . 
   it 's not just the name thing actually , greece is blocking macedonian entry to the eu because of their name . 
  so yes it is the name thing . 
  oh noes not the history . 
  anything but muh history, 
  should be noted that flo , which is the `` logistics organization of the defense '' ( `` the defense '' is a norwegian term for the army , similar to how the us war department used to be called the defense department ) is utterly and completely incompetent . 
  i 've talked to a dude who worked as a warehouse worker for them , they have 8-9 times as much wastage as private warehouses . 
  norway spends more per capita on defense than most nations , and although our manpower is more expensive , firearms costs are pretty much international . 
  the cost of a sidearm , which is also quite durable , should be easy to maintain . 
  as such this should n't be seen as a money problem as much as it should be seen as an incompetence problem . 
  there is , as of now , no coherent or sensible plan to fix the issue on a european level . 
  when that happens you got ta take care of your own , which is the second best thing . 
   both are synonyms of ignorant no they are n't  which the nazis most certainly are . 
  no they were n't . 
  over half the people on the wannsee conference were doctorates or more , for example . 
  the idea that intelligent people ca n't be evil is rather childish . 
   actually there is no real disagreement among experts who are these `` experts '' and where can i find them, 
  there is a lesson here : there 's a reason why people seem to have evolved a predisposition towards religion , and why religion seems to have strong pro-natal messages . 
  it 's an evolutionary adaption , meaning the people who were n't like this were overtaken by those who did . 
  we can choose to act outside of our evolutionary role in modern life , for example we do n't exterminate competing tribes anymore . 
  but in abandoning religion we ignored the fact that religion had a function . 
  in removing religion we put nothing in place to replace that function . 
  we are doing this at our own peril . 
  interesting times etc. 
  oslo , easily, 
  no one actually gives a shit about rights , insofar as it is n't their own rights . 
  `` universal human rights '' and '' [ treaty ] on the rights of hurr and durr '' are all used for one purpose only , which is to signal to other people in your country that you 're a good person who is well respected abroad as well . 
  when it comes to immigration it 's even stupider , seeing as many of the human rights being cited by leftists are imaginary . 
  unwarranted smugness is unwarranted . 
  he 's * almost * totally right . 
  economic orthodoxy , as in , mainstream uncontroversial shit that you can read even in a basic textbook , says that expenditures increase gdp * in the short run * meaning about a years time or at most 3 , and only then if you have spare capacity in your economy . 
  after that , expenditures have no real effect except emptying your budget . 
  also opportunity cost . 
  all that `` stimulus package '' could 've been spent at giving services to germans , and you forgo that opportunity to pay for refugees . 
  hence cost . 
   japan 's low birthrate is generally considered the main reason their economy has stagnated since the 90 's . 
  no , not really . 
  people have n't been moving en masse from the `` working age '' to `` dependent '' category until relatively recently in japan , and it certainly was n't true during the 90s . 
  heck , [ look at the change from 80 's to 90 's ] ( http://www.ipss.go.jp/site-ad/toppagedata/pyrea.html ) and observe that 90 's probably has * fewer * dependents due to almost no kids and a population that still has n't aged . 
  the state , on the urging of the electorate , has decade after decade asked to borrow more and more and more . 
  now it has to be repaid and it 's of course the fucking money mens fault . 
  [ nope , not exaggerating ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-spending-to-gdp ), 
  if he manages to push government spending up 3 % to 60 % of gdp , i think they can make it . 
  dare to dream , hollande . 
  yes you can !, 
  the opposite is true it causes short term pain and long term gains . 
  the conventional economic wisdom , as in textbook wisdom , is that inflation can work in the medium term , but in the long term is irrelevant . 
   a weak currency will lead to import substitution in the medium term and to higher exports in the long term . 
  herein lies the extreme and total hypocrisy of the faction that claims independent currencies are best : at one hand , they claim that independent currency will devalue and lead to all these things you mention . 
  the specifics of how this work is that weaker currency makes the real wage of the country lower . 
  with an non-independent currency you ca n't do this , but you can achieve the same result by cutting the wages of selected sectors by x % . 
  the people clamoring for an independent currency will , at one hand claim that an independent currency will make wonders because it will lower real wages and make exports more competitive , while at the same time protesting fiercely against lowering real wages by cutting them , while keeping the money constant . 
  even poor americans are as rich as middle class pollacks . 
  in particular a few years ago when poland was even poorer . 
  note absolutely no sources . 
  which means , btw , that the source is the people who are having their kids taken .
