  first thing , it should be the length of the war . 
  second thing , if they work , the bring in economic growth . 
  not loss . 
  now it 's hard to take you seriously . 
  no country in europe sends refugees back after the end of the conflict , and hardly none of them ever go back . 
   of course ; you provide the army to do so ? 
  why do n't you house the refugees in your own house / s if not syria and turkey , physical space is never hard to come by . 
  it 's the buildings and equipment that is the problem and that can be built . 
  a few thousand is nothing compared to 2m . 
  and if turkey ca n't , we may make a protected zone inside syria and make something there instead . 
  anything is more effective than hoisting them upon our economies and welfare system , and having to care for them and their extended family for a generation or more ( long after the war is over ) . 
   they physically ca n't take more so build more shelters with the money ... 
  unless you mean there is no physical space , in which case you 're totally wrong . 
  look at any picture of a refugee camp , there 's lots of open space around them typically . 
  there 's a difference between being open minded and changing your opinion like other people changes socks . 
  50,000 over how many years ? 
  that 's not even a month today ...  and as someone who apparently , in your doubtless inestimable magnificence and wisdom , lacks foresight , please enlighten me as to the future you see if we accept refugees in europe ? 
  did we collapse after accepting yugoslavians fleeing for their lives in the nineties ? 
  those refugees came from from a population of 20 million , and spread all over . 
  that 's not a great deal . 
  africa is much bigger and in much deeper desperation . 
  oh , and that 's just counting the actual refugees ; we are notoriously poor at rooting out the liars and economic refugees , whom there are even more of . 
   refugees most of them did n't want to leave and most of them will leave the eu when syria is returned to normal to return to their homes . 
  yea , no way . 
  i 'm sure there is one or two documented instances of that happening , but i 'd be extremely surprised if that fraction was higher than 3 % of the total refugees . 
  i mean , it 's pretty weird how we 've been taken tons of refugees from everywhere , and decades after the fact , there are * still * tons of refugees , in fact their communities just keeps growing ...  the population bomb has already happened and nothing we can do is going to stop it . 
  we could stop importing it ? 
   we are not talking about twenty , thirty , forty or a hundred years down the line when europe 's proportion of the global population and wealth is much smaller than at present , we are talking about now and from the now grows the future . 
  cause and effect . 
  why is it that lefties almost completely lack future orientation ? 
  in the 70s , with limits to growth , population bomb etc you had it , but recently it 's like , the more hip you are the less future oriented you have to be ... 
  it 's metric percentages , they go all the way up to 1000 . 
  so it 's 99 % you ( imperial percents ) . 
  well calling neoconservatives fascist is ridiculous . 
  also , calling the anti immigrant rhetoric neoconservative is n't very accurate either . 
  neoconservativism is a specific us ideology , and it 's fairly globalist actually . 
  there 's a reason why trump with his anti immigration rhetoric is reviled by all the established neocons . 
  laurie penny is an sjw , anything to the right of labour is `` fascism '' to her . 
  the word is overused and abused and carries essentially no meaning . 
  as orwell said , `` the word fascism has now no meaning except in so far as it signifies `` something not desirable '' . 
  that was in ... the 40s ? 
  now it 's even worse . 
   its mainly the government/dictator who is in charge of the laws and norms which suppress women , lol , just lol . 
  in the middle east , it 's more often than not the dictator that is the most progressive on women . 
  see : saddam hussein , gaddafi , bashar al assad ... 
  note also that when given a democracy , the muslim world does n't get any more feminist . 
  neither brotherhood-run egypt or democracy-run afghanistan did any feminist leaning reforms . 
   gave actual examples of policies that are arguably unfortunate for the economy . 
  what example , lol ? 
  `` they are into trickle down-economics , and want to solve all problems by reducing tax on the rich . '', 
  is a ridiculous exaggeration and totally false as a blanket statement . 
  that 's a trait they share with brits ... 
  but aboutancylostomiasis ' comment was also super retarded , so the reaction was reasonable . 
  if it turns into a lake , will it be a saltwater lake ? 
  or will the salt water somehow gets drained , eventually ? 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk, 
  what we need is an efficient deportation procedure . 
  well , the greeks have proven totally inept for decades , and europe has used both massive carrots and sticks to try to make them take responsibility . 
  syriza threw that out of the window , what does he expect ? 
  there is no reason to believe the greek government is capable of spending money * like a grownup , why would they be given money without oversight ? 
  * funnily , most pro greeks seems to agree with this implicitly . 
  they say shit like `` the creditors should take responsibility for lending to unstable borrowers '' . 
  if greece is incapable of evaluating loan terms correctly , they are less financially capable as a nation than most individuals out there . 
  most people , after all , do not take up loans they ca n't afford . 
  needless to say this means they ca n't be trusted with state finances either . 
   it spends millions a day on patrolling its coast for migrants yes , but you are too incapable to turn them back and away , which you 'd need to do to protect your borders . 
  are the slovaks to blame that the italians are so feckless and weak that they ca n't police their own border ? 
  varoufakis can speak bs with the best of them , he fits perfectly among the lawyers and politicians . 
  and inflation . 
  if interest is smaller than inflation , the real interest rate is * negative * and of course opportunity cost , the alternative use of those money is to invest somewhere , which will yield returns . 
  perhaps he was drunk when writing it . 
  shitty 4chan memes should stay on 4chan . 
  how do you see the difference between a migrant-smuggler ship and a normal fishing boat ? 
  europe is acting disgracefully for sure , though so are you - you need to grow some balls and send them straight back . 
  if europe protests , tell them to stuff it or take them in themselves . 
  it 's your fault for not standing up for yourselves , though it 's also europes fault for being clinically retarded , unhelpful and sometimes an outright saboteur . 
  looks like a kid trying to be as edgy as possible . 
  idk , it 's so over the top you ca n't really take it seriously . 
  right , and what they get is , well , a place to pitch their tent . 
  everything else , including the tent , is provided by the international community . 
  forget about welfare or citizenship , and do n't even mention voting rights . 
  if that 's all it took , i 'm sure all millions of them could get a frozen plain in norrland to pitch their tent up in . 
  but in europe it 's all a much , much more complex affair really ... 
  it * did * lead to wwi . 
  not the only thing , but it did lead to it . 
  imagine a pile of tinders . 
  then someone puts a spark on it . 
  sure , the person making the pile of tinders , is as guilty as the one creating the spark . 
  but the person creating the spark is also guilty . 
   nor am i sure what is populist about something that is unanimously agreed on . 
  this is n't a small majority forcing their policy on the entire country . 
  that has nothing to do with whether it 's populist or not . 
  a small party forcing their plans on the entire country would be decidedly anti-populist . 
  but it is populist because it 's a quick `` look !, 
  i did something ! '', 
  non-solution that has immediate appeal but no effect upon further examination . 
  it is n't analyzed beyond a superficial level . 
  a pointless and potentially expensive endeavour . 
  the pension fund rarely buys more than a few percent share in each company , easily replaced . 
  even if 90 % of the worlds investors shed coal , the remaining 10 would easily ( and gratefully ) take up the slack ... also , we just continued subsidizing a coal mine on svalbard , just before we decided to end coal in the oil fund portfolio .
