  they rarely give the full story , are rarely objective , and never give context . 
  lots of those are obvious lies :  ( 1 ) the father is out of work and can not support the family . 
   ( 2 ) the father is ill and the mother can not get paid work . 
  therefore the family is too badly off to pay for toys and for school and after-school activities for the children . 
  [ the foster home received many thousands of crowns each month for each foster child . ], 
  we have social benefits for those situations . 
  my mother used to be a social worker , she gave out plenty . 
  never ever was there any policy that unemployed people should lose their children , or any accusation as such . 
  let me give you an example of the kind of twist people give to the official reasons by the protection services : there was one national case , where a woman was an incapable mother . 
  the child was malnourished with the obvious problems that entails . 
  the psychologist noted that the woman did n't understand that she had to cut the food into small enough pieces that the kid could eat it , just handed the toddler a fork and a potato and expected it to eat . 
  psychologists wrote `` very low iq ? '', 
  as a possible explanation . 
  the press , mother , grandparents etc exclaim : woman found incapable to be a mother - because of her low iq . 
  * is your iq too low to show love ? 
  d\u00f8rpson comments . 
  * i have seen several cases where the cps has been involved , and let me tell you : they take the kid only very reluctantly . 
  not only is there a great lack of homes for kids , but they do n't want to make mistakes . 
  the cases i 've seen were very bad ( though not child abuse level ) , and the cps probably * should * take the kid . 
  many of the lines are obviously taken out of context . 
  like this :  the father has a foot injury and can not stand on a ladder . 
  therefore he is not able to clean the top of the window frames no one - absolutely no one - has their kid taken because of that . 
  that line likely is one part of a general description of the family 's situation however . 
  good . 
  [ i fucking hate night clubs ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2007/aug/13/fashion.comment ), 
  practically no one on the internet understands monetary policy , which is made worse by the fact that a significant fraction ( goldbugs , paleolibertarians , bitcoin devotees , extreme left socialists ) are aggressively ignorant about it . 
   hidden well , not anymore . 
  will the russians send op a thank you note ? 
   well , fuck me , thanks for the european solidarity there , viktor . 
  if you have a suggestion for stopping the inflow that actually stops it , instead of just being a ferry service or a refugee redistribution mechanism , i 'm sure he 'd listen . 
  so far all suggestions are either a ) distribute the refugees faster/more evenly or b ) more patrols , so the refugees can be even more certain to be picked up or c ) more funding for mediterranean countries , which would do nothing to stop the crisis . 
  when everyone else is fucking up and failing , and the political unit is collapsing , all you can do is to protect yourself . 
  but so far `` solidarity '' means `` harming myself until i 'm in as much pain as my neighbor '' which is just retarded . 
   becouse it 's not what refugees want and becouse of that it wo n't stop them from coming . 
  that 's why we must deport them to said camps after saving them from drowning . 
   i 'm getting the impression that the reason that the german government took in this many people is specifically to avert demographic crises , fill labor gaps , and depress wages . 
  eh , not really . 
  if the german government had * actually cared * about that stuff , they 'd have acted on birth rates in the 80 's or at the very least in the early 2000 's . 
  the labour gaps thing is as desperate rationalization . 
  the truth is that accepting refugees is defined as the moral , good thing to do and it 's a political show to show yourself as a good ~ ~ christian ~ ~ secular-humanistic ubermensch ( we are * so * beyond that silly christianity thing with it 's hypocritical show-morality ), 
  truth is , all systems fail without [ asabiyyah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asabiyyah ) . 
   ibn khaldun uses the term asabiyyah to describe the bond of cohesion among humans in a group forming community . 
  the bond , asabiyyah , exists at any level of civilization , from nomadic society to states and empires . 
  [ 3 ] asabiyyah is most strong in the nomadic phase , and decreases as civilization advances . 
  [ 3 ] as this asabiyyah declines , another more compelling asabiyyah may take its place ; thus , civilizations rise and fall , and history describes these cycles of asabiyyah as they play out . 
  [ 3 ]  ibn khaldun argues that each dynasty ( or civilization ) has within itself the seeds of its own downfall . 
  he explains that ruling houses tend to emerge on the peripheries of great empires and use the much stronger ` asabiyya present in those areas to their advantage , in order to bring about a change in leadership . 
  this implies that the new rulers are at first considered `` barbarians '' by comparison to the old ones . 
  as they establish themselves at the center of their empire , they become increasingly lax , less coordinated , disciplined and watchful , and more concerned with maintaining their new power and lifestyle at the centre of the empire -- i.e , their internal cohesion and ties to the original peripheral group , the asabiyya , dissolves into factionalism and individualism , diminishing their capacity as a political unit . 
  actually they do , same way a factory or more efficient machinery pays money into the pension system . 
  imagine if the self driving cars cuts costs by x % on every goods due to saving , now that extra will either turn into money for consumers or the state can tax that money . 
  in a state of unemployment this calculation becomes more complex , * however * the premise for this scenario is population reduction and labour shortages , so not a valid objection in this case . 
  a very reasonable and good rule . 
  the ruling principle for a nations immigration policy should be : does this benefit the people living here ? 
  obviously in order for that to be true , the immigrants have to be net taxpayers , which probably is true somewhere around 35k . 
  yea , i wish they would start using metric for currency measurements :(, 
  more like too conformist and too obeying . 
  both a400m and c130 seems to use propellers instead of jet engines . 
  why is this ? 
  i thought jet engines were more effective and faster as well . 
  perhaps if our track record was better . 
  so far the interventionists have fucked up libya , and insofar as they wanted to get involved in syria , it was to fuck up bashar al-assad which would fuck them too up even further ( majority of the population lives in his area , and turning this into a battlezone would make the crisis even worse ) . 
  the internationalists also has handled this refugee crisis with utter and total ineptness . 
  sure , and enlightened and intelligent foreign policy would be the best thing . 
  but since that 's not on the table atm , let 's do the next best thing . 
   that approach can not realistically yield either prosperity or safety , since both of those things depend almost exclusively on your ability to project power and apply influence globally . 
  how so ? 
  we have nukes and the most powerful military alliance on earth , there 's no way anyone 's gon na go picking on us . 
  his pupils are super small . 
  is he drugged up on something ? 
  in the left it 's ppp in 1960 dollars , the right is in 2016 dollars . 
  makes it impossible to compare left picture to right . 
  though it is possible to look at how rich the countries are relative to each others in each year . 
   so ... the 1938 figures are a complete fabrication what do you mean by that ? 
  they are obviously incomparable to the recent numbers , but then that goes both way . 
  saying one is a fabrication is not true . 
  a negative multiplied by a positive is a negative . 
  that would go against both freedom of speech * and * freedom of religion . 
  that 'd be my guess . 
  career politicians love the eu , for some reason . 
  it 's like that in norway too . 
  i 'm not averse to believing that , but i 'd like to see some numbers before i do so . 
  love the russian defense squad itt : `` no we are n't genociders , we killed millions of other people too ! '', 
   if you read more about the holocaust , you 'll see that it was n't targeting jews , they just happen to be a group worst affected by it . 
  cool story bro , but what he just proved to you is that the racist communists murdered people based on ethnicity , which makes them racist and directly disproves your claim that  none of them really gave two shits about their ethnicity , it was all about ideology . 
  to them you were either a bolshevik or counterrevolutionary/bourgeoisie scum . 
  your cool story does show , however , that communists can find other reasons to murder besides just ethnicity . 
  i do n't know if it makes them any better . 
  it 's very normal for a country to care first about itself , and not others . 
  for example , i bet whatever country your from is more concerned with [ previous large catastrophe ] than it is with the crisis in congo , which killed ~ 3 million people quite recently . 
  that does n't make the concern invalid . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  ukrainians are n't allowed to be sad because murderous communists starved their nation to death , because said communists were so indiscriminately murderous that they killed others as well ? 
   if there was some sort of pro-russian thinking behind their actions , then why did they murder so many tsarist russians to gain power of course ... 
  but they still performed many genocides and ethnic cleansings in the baltics . 
  you remind me of david irving itt . 
  he 's also all about the idea that hitler did n't intentionally kill jews , some just happened to die because they were opposed to hitler or due to the general ravages of war . 
  bolsheviks orchestrated multiple genocides . 
  yes that 's racism . 
  stop defending them .
