   i 'm from the former ussr , and the stories that are told in my family make it seem pretty much like you described people who grew up in the ussr spouts the ussr party line , that was also taught in schools . 
  shocker . 
   for the same reason they murdered millions of ethnic russians who were pro-tsar pro-russian orthodoxy or anti-communist . 
  they did n't want any opposition to their policies . 
  right , so they killed people of certain ethnicities because said ethnicities were more often opposed to communism . 
  how does that change anything ? 
   on avg they are young and do n't use its services it will stay that way forever or what ? 
  calling out the problem is the starting point , particularly when people contest that there * is * in fact a problem . 
  it is a very necessary step . 
  i 'm considering crowning myself king of belgium one of these days , i wonder if anyone will see through the deceit if i do . 
  le unrefined american gon na america, 
  it 's pretty shameful really , how virtually every western country has sacrificed the future for short-term political gain . 
  i do n't know if it 's a cultural problem or a problem with our political system , but it 's a really serious problem . 
  i wonder if we have found a fix for it by the time i 'm old . 
  you are not yet acclimatized into capitalism , my post soviet friend . 
  in the west we borrow more money when we 're out of funds . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  too late , they are already doing that . 
  look how much the eu cares . 
  just 30-40 years ago , social democrat meant socialist and democrat . 
  it 's just that socialism has proven unviable , so they 've evolved into capitalist in favour of welfare nets and somewhat more regulation . 
   why is it so fucking expensive ? 
  who 's jacking the prices sky high ? 
  many reasons : first , we have financial incentives to invest in property . 
  as you know , you do n't have to pay taxes on money you pay in interest on your house loan . 
  or rather you get that taxes refunded . 
  this means higher demand for houses overall . 
  second , high building costs - high labour costs means higher costs of building . 
  second ^ 2 , high building costs : regulations up the wazoo on how buildings are allowed to be . 
  all new buildings have to be passive-houses ( use no energy for heating . . ) , all new buildings have to be able to be used by the differently abled , essentially a wheelchair , there are also some regulations that can appear positively trivial , like you have to have at least 4 electricity plug-in-places in the bedroom , etc etc etc. 
  this all adds up however , particularly the regulation about passive houses . 
  third we have land regulation . 
  in order to build you need the appropriate permits , which can be a fucking pain in the ass , even if the land is ( and it is n't necessarily ) regulated for building . 
  the people building large scale in particular are bothered by this . 
  the process is particularly bad because it is impossible to know * how long time * it will take to get the appropriate permits , and so it adds an element of uncertainty to the process . 
  uncertainty is cancer to investments worth millions of norbucks . 
  and it gets worse : the local county ( kommune ) can demand that the builders pay for not only the sewers and roads made necessary by their new buildings , but also [ schools and kindergartens ] ( http://www.nrk.no/okonomi/frykter-dyrere-boliger-1.558194 ) that become necessary by people moving into said buildings . 
  lastly , we have a very high population growth . 
  higher demand leads to higher prices . 
  so there 's some reasons . 
  i do n't know if it 's all but i think it 's most . 
  of course , germany has such an excess of solidarity after the massive refugee influx , that it has to shed it somewhere . 
  basic trade balance 101 here , guys . 
  and how many of them are there in png and nauru ? 
  the few estimates i 've seen puts the total number at much less than even the monthly boatload before his solution was put into place . 
  i was talking about the policemen but your post is true too, 
  sadly merkel closed down the nuclear powered ones in a typical display of german angst . 
  now she 's trying to replace them with solar powered ones but as winter is coming they just are n't getting enough energy . 
  until the 70 's , and mostly in the anglosphere , conservativism was n't really all that much about libertarian free markets and capitalism , except in a `` at least it 's better than communism '' kind of way . 
  intervention in the economy to serve national interests is not antithetical to traditional conservativism, 
  reddit can be very confusing however , because headlines have a `` bait '' effect . 
  headlines that support or can be used to support x will draw in cause x supporters , and same with cause y and anti-x and anti-y . 
  therefore , two comment sections even on the same day and same subreddit can have one that is almost uniformly x and the other that is almost totally anti-x . 
  it * is * a weird effect though , logically one would think that most threads would be a good mix of both positions not each one polarized in each thread . 
  but that 's how it works , anyways . 
  or `` austerity '' . 
  sweden has lots of forests and open fields left, 
  so we have , functionally , completely open borders now ? 
  just take a casual stroll over in a small boat and you 're good ... 
  it was a joke mr penis well that and a comment on when it 's useful to know some memorized information, 
   you can see his flair , right ? 
  his teacher never made him memorize european countries , so it does n't tell him anything, 
  they invited them in , now they get what they asked for . 
  at least they may serve as a warning to the rest of us . 
  not without , either ... 
  i 'm pointing out that `` daswareinbefehl '' does n't know what a logical fallacy is , and that the post he replied to is n't a fallacy by virtue of not being an argument . 
  it would have to begin with understanding what an argument is , because logical fallacies only applies to formal arguments . 
  single statements , like ... `` there should be a bot for determining logical fallacies '' or `` a bit rich from someone whose country criminalised republikflucht '' or `` aaand your fallacy is ... '' ... are not , for example , formal arguments , and hence you can not apply logical fallacies to them . 
  same way logical fallacies do n't apply to statements like `` you 're stupid '' or `` cats are green '' or `` the earth is flat '' . 
  when exactly ? 
  certainly not while it was fighting hitler . 
  later there was a brief moment when only the us had the bomb , but it did n't use it to fight even when russia was occupying all of eastern europe . 
  later when russia also had a bomb , invading alaska would 've been certified mad . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/edinburgh_and_east/7562773.stm it 's like the mascot of the royal guard . 
  so they promote him like every year or so . 
  and pulls the rest of us down the drain with her :(, 
  and then she let them say that , in fact reveled in them saying that , did nothing to stop them from saying that , and acted like she said that all along , not only abroad but to her own people and to the eu . 
  at some point it 's her responsibility to tell the world she * did n't * mean to invite them , and to correct the misunderstanding . 
  i do n't know exactly at what point , but after the first one or two hundred thousand people arrived in europe , believing she invited them in ... 
  i think at that point it 's her responsibility to clarify what she actually meant . 
  as with anything there is disagreements here , some people think the line of responsibility goes at five hundred thousand , others one hundred thousand , but the thing that is absolutely clear is this : that if angela merkel ever meant to do anything * but * to invite them all in , now is the fucking time for her to say it . 
   freedom of religion is a basic right granted in the eu contacts this does n't mean you ca n't choose who to allow into your country . 
   european leaders , she said , would lose their credibility if they distinguished between muslim and christian refugees . 
  `` who are we to defend christians around the world if we say we wo n't accept a muslim or a mosque in our country . 
  that wo n't do . '' we are ? 
  the west has , since 2001 , done as much as it can ( through incompetence , but still ) to expel christians from the middle east . 
  this recent period seems to be the time period in which the religious cleansing of the middle east , was completed . 
  really , our track record of `` defending christians around the world '' is abysmal . 
  not only that , but idk why you ca n't defend christians around the world because you do n't let muslims immigrate to europe . 
  it does n't follow in the least . 
  it is totally ok to help your in-group more than your out-group . 
  it is how the world works on the most basic level . 
  ( this is not an endorsement of harming the out-group ) . 
   that which is unsustainable , will not be sustained . 
   amazing how many people do n't realize this . 
  i 'm not an objectivist by any means , but as ayn rand says : you can ignore reality , but you ca n't ignore the consequences of ignoring reality . 
   there is literally not a woman or child in sight they will fetch one asap on family reunification once they get in . 
  this is asylum seeker tactics 101 . 
   they contribute massively to our country and our society some , not all . 
  unskilled immigration rarely are net contributors , unless they leave before drawing pensions ; and third world immigration , unless it 's high-skill , is a * massive * drain .
