   why might we not attempt a recovery through increasing state property ( nationalization ) and huge keynesian public works ? 
  because the greek public sector , and the management of the public sector , is extremely inefficient and corrupt ? 
  it 'd be like pissing away money . 
  let me explain , once and for all , why there was no alternative to ` austerity ' : the keynesian solution is to be contractive ( = save , austerity ) when the economy is booming , and expansive ( = stimulus , deficit spending ) during the bust . 
  greece deficit spendt 6-8 % of gdp during boom times ( 12 % during election years but that 's an anomaly ) . 
  what happens then ? 
  well , the economy adjusts to this . 
  6-8 % becomes the normal level . 
  needless to say , this is not a keynesian solution . 
  for stimulus to work , it has to spend * beyond * normal levels of spending . 
  if not it 's just business as usual . 
  i believe 3-5 % of gdp is a normal level of stimulus spending ... for greece to apply 3 % deficit spending , they 'd need to deficit spend 9-11 % of gdp . 
  needless to say , this is an absolutely massive amount that no one sane would lend them . 
  in order for this deficit spending to pay off , it needs to generate incomes to offset the growth in debt . 
  at this insane level of deficit , the stimulus would have to generate china-level growth to pay off . 
   i fully support keynsian methods to deal with sudden market shocks the keynesian method is dependent on the country doing contractionary policies when booming , so that you can do expansionary policies when busting . 
  greece has been using extreme expansionary policies while booming , which is why they have no room for it now . 
  it 's like ... 
  imagine a guy who is in favour of the ketogenic ( meat eater ) diet in the evening , and the low fat ( carb-intensitive ) diet in the morning . 
  he 's not gon na get the benefit of either , if he does n't do what they say . 
  let me explain why : greeces economy had adjusted to 6-8 % deficit spending . 
  6-8 % deficit spending was `` business as usual '' . 
  in order for spending to be stimulus , you need to spend * more * than business as usual ... 
  so for stimulus to work , the level of spending required * starts * at 6-8 % . 
  in order for it to pay off , the growth needs to be higher than the deficit spending ( all stimulus = deficit spending ) . 
  so if you are gon na add 3 % stimulus , that would mean 9-11 % deficit spending ... 
  in order for that to be profitable , it 'd have to lead to china-levels of growth . 
  in greece . 
  needless to say that 's completely unrealistic . 
  yes it 's subsidized as hell . 
  they are leaking tons of money that way ... another reason why fuel subsidies are stupid . 
  but that 's senseless . 
  that does n't answer `` what does gasoline cost in $ '' , it answers `` what is the price of gasoline compared to income '' , which is another concept altogether ... by all means , that 's an interesting number too , but it 's not the same . 
  it 's like ... 
  imagine if you 're considering vacation in bulgaria and ask the price of restaurant dining . 
  and you get the answer `` it 's very expensive compared to their incomes , much more than in norway '' . 
  that answer goes into the cool story bro category because it 's just not relevant for what you 're asking . 
  uhm . . no ? 
  it tells you the price of petrol in various countries . 
  this is interesting info . 
  while it is common to adjust incomes for ppp , adjusting the price of goods for ppp is pointless ... 
  the price of goods * is * the ppp . 
  ppp means you take income and divide it by price index . 
  what is the price index ? 
  well , it 's the avg . 
  price of goods . 
  what you are proposing , is to take the price of a type of goods , and divide it by the income divided by the price of goods ... 
  it 's like price indexception ... and not really what we are using that stuff for . 
  i think this is mentioned every time that comment is posted , which is all the fucking time : the reddit algorhitm adds fake downvotes to * any * story , even if it would 've gotten 100 % edit : also , if you dislike / r/europe , feel free to gtfo back to the american subreddits . 
  most people carry * some * cash , but during one year i 've seen * one * instance of someone giving stuff to the local beggar ... 
  i do n't know who still gives them money , even the police recommends not to . 
  they were also instrumental to fighting nazism . 
  without mussolinis completely dumbshit strategical decisions and italys lacklustre war performance , they might 've worked as a neutral buffer zone for germany , arguably much more favourable to the nazis . 
   the whole point of them being refugees is that you ca n't help them in their home countries , because they 'd risk death by staying there . 
  that 's the definition of a refugee . 
  yes , and ? 
  no one believes we can help * every person in the world * . 
  we * must * prioritize , there is no other way . 
  cutting refugees entirely and spending that money on helping starving people , for example , would help more people than accepting refugees . 
   now , from the interview we learn that : uhm , what ? 
  he does n't make any argument , he makes a simple statement that he does n't support with neither logic nor empiricism . 
  i can link you to someone saying the opposite , but that would n't `` teach '' us anything . 
   firstly , neither africa nor the middle east are `` unlimited sources of refugees '' . 
  africa has 400 million people in absolute poverty , every single one of them would improve their situation immeasurably by moving to europe . 
  and in 30 years , the population is going to be double . 
   currently , the places where asylum requests would be immediately accepted are and , let me introduce you to refugee tricks 101 : flush your passport and pretend to be from somewhere else . 
  the host country has no way of investigating . 
  then pretend to be from a persecuted group - no way of checking that either . 
  eritreans , for example , all get immediate asylum just because of the military service which applies to everyone . 
  this trick has been used for decades . 
   secondly , the immigrants are young men because the kind of people desperate and foolhardy enough to cross the sahara and the mediterranean , braving death twice , for an uncertain future in europe are mostly young men . 
  if we provide safe transportation , families can come over . 
  in other words , this measure will increase the amounts of immigrants * even more * . 
  also a ton of these people are n't desperate , but moderately wealthy where they are from , as the price of crossing is quite steep . 
  feels are good and shit , but if you want to help as many people as possible , you 'd argue for spending the effort in their home countries , where you can help 10 for the price of 1 . 
  refugees are the most inefficient way of helping by far . 
  and of course tons of them are n't even refugees , they just abuse the system and pretend to , and we ca n't return them even if there is a miniscule chance they are n't lying . 
  oh no , it wo n't end there , [ we 'll make proper nordics out of you yet ] ( http://www.priceoftravel.com/5561/norway-prices-food-hotels-alcohol/ ) [ mwahahaha ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/301/975/5da.jpg ), 
   where refugees are packed into camps in nauru or papua new guinea , which are criticized by the un for violating basic human rights , where crime is rampant and even children are raped . 
  who is doing this raping by the way ? 
  oh that 's right , it 's the wonderful people you want to allow into our country . 
  it 's a stupid argument anyways , children are raped in sydney as well , does n't mean the government should take the blame . 
   financial , logistic and , when necessary , military help in order to create stable and inclusive governments which hold a monopoly on the use of force and use said force responsibly . 
  hmm , so all we have to do is to fix the entire world , for the refugees to stop ? 
  why did n't anyone think of that ? 
   holy shit , guy advocating a military junta in / r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  and it 's by someone who lives comfortably in a democratic country , without fear of disappearing in a mass grave like many south americans , for example , did . 
  holy shit , some guy is advocating continued civil war in libya . 
  and it 's by someone who lives comfortably in a democratic country , without fear of having his home destroyed by a rival militia like many libyans , for example . 
  it 's an offered non-solution to cover the fact that they do n't have any solution . 
  [ europe according to poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hzzxwqu.jpg ), 
   do n't be an idiot . 
  fertility rate drops as poverty drops . 
  african nations , and many muslim nations , are remarkably resistant to that effect ... 
  which , again leads to them being poor due to overpopulation . 
   start by comparing africa with other parts of the world . 
  when fertility started to fall in asia after 1960 and latin america after 1970 , it did so quickly , ineluctably and universally . 
  the number of children a woman could expect in her lifetime fell from six to two in a generation . 
  the fertility fall was continuous . 
  and contraceptive use spread rapidly .
