it is swein . 
  but with the sch . 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk, 
  thats how you make the afd great . 
  permanent surveilance means loooking in his room every hour . 
  go vote afd ? 
  ah ok i get it now . 
  thats not gon na happen . 
  in fact im so sure that this is not gon na happen i will offere everyon a free tesla if this will happen . 
  so when this happens just call me i ship you one . 
  90 % of the comments in the sub seems to be from americans who are just posting stereotypes . 
  and when you something against it it gets usually burried . 
  you are doing something wrong . 
  i pay the same for a 2 person houshold . 
  in this thread , people that use db for deutsche bank where i as a german only see deutsche bahn . 
  they always ride on the line of barley legal stuff deep in the field of unethical shit . 
  you can not imagen how much we hate this shit whole of a speed capitalism greed institution . 
  thats the problem with every product . 
  i would pay more for most of the shit like coffe or so . 
  but how do i make sure that the right people get my money . 
  yeah we dont have that proble . 
  we have the t\u00fcv which checks the car every 2 years . 
  yeah , but when you are an investor that things about investing into britain , you would n't do it now . 
  most people tend to forgett that the emission laws in america are much harsher for diesel . 
  thats also a factor why you dont get cash here . 
  right ? 
  i mean nationalism is the best thing in the world it seems . 
  but for the same ammout the percentage you get is based on your credibility . 
  yeah i never undstand it . 
  also witch credits . 
  `` oh you are poor ? 
  hello mr rich guy . 
  here is your 0.99 % credit . '', 
  wtf ? 
  british humor at its best . 
  to be honest , my dear fellow german , our country should be the least to call out people wo fell for populists . 
  edit : just so people dont get confused . 
  it was a joke . 
  oh , yeah yeah they did give us that . 
  thats true ya . 
  i agree for east europe . 
  but it doesnt explain why france , italy , netherlands , belgium and austria also have higher fatalatie . 
  these are all countrys with modern ccars and safte requieremend . 
  and the fatalitie count is still higher . 
  no tempo limit , low fatalitie count . 
  feels good man . 
  this so much . 
  the eu is the best thing since sliced bread . 
  we never ever had a period of peace this long . 
  even for this sole reason it is good . 
  fyi , ge ~ ~ sch ~ ~ schwister scholl is the most common name for schools in germany . 
  there are ~ ~ around 127 ~ ~ 187 named after them . 
  edit : i checked the number of schools and saw i was a bit off . 
  as of november 2010 there were 187 schools named after them . 
  thanks to this law we will have 0 people working in government workplaces , schools , and university with full face veils . 
  not like now where we have 0 people working in those institutens with full face veils . 
  puh , thanks bavaria, 
  the thing is , google doesnt manufactur all phones which use android . 
  the biggest costs in prisons are fix costs . 
  when you say it cost x $ to be in prison for a year than they just divide prison cost by people . 
  that doesnt account for the fact that if a prison is half full people in ther would cost the double money per person . 
  a bit like police actions where they say `` the police costs around x $ for this event '' its not like you only have to pay the police when it actually does stuff . 
  the rest of the time when they sitting at their base they still get paid, 
  counterterrorists win, 
  yeah your right . 
  despitet making way for the vote , she voted against gay marriage . 
  politics in a nutshell . 
  im pretty confident that the bvg will rip that law a new one . 
  thanks , as a non native i really appreciate people correcting me . 
  lol , didnt even notice that . 
  well that would be much more fun . 
  thanks for the additions . 
  the process i described is ofc simplyfied and all you said is correct . 
  i just wanted to keep it as simple as i could without going much into the details of all the clashes and stuff that happend . 
  all over all it took ofc 30 years , but the dynamic happend in the last 2 weeks . 
  in the end it took 30 years . 
  but gay marriage was a topic that was no where in the political discussion at the moment . 
  we dont really know that . 
  that is the point . 
  and the context in which is happend doenst look really so planned through . 
  we will see how it plays out in this election . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  he made campaing promisses happening before the election . 
  i think that is noteable . 
  yeah the speed it now gone through with is realy something . 
  i heard that before , we dont really know if it was intentional . 
  just saying its merkel and she dosnt do mistakes is quite a statement . 
  yeah thats true . 
  but martin schulz was the one that pushed the vote to the agenda before the summer break . 
  i heard that theory before . 
  i dont agree with it but we will see what will happen . 
  i just post what i postet over in / r/lgbt german here , i just wanted to say . 
  this came out of fucking no where . 
  at the beginning of the this week it was n't even slightly in the talks that this would happen . 
  basically we have well known angela merkel ( cdu ) and her opponent from the social party martin schulz ( spd ) . 
  spd was in a so called `` gro\u00dfe koalition '' , the big coalition because the two biggest party 's where in there . 
  they made a contract on what goals they would archive . 
  gay marriage was n't one of them . 
  so last week martin schulz gave a speech and kinda said . 
  without gay marriage we will not go into a coalition with the cdu again .
