just one nav leader , the others are ( rumored to be ) influental shady people like \u00c1rp\u00e1d habony . 
  it is customary to jokingly refer to our country as magyaristan when we talk about how bad things are going . 
  i guess it 's less than half of a joke now . 
  the context is that this tax was a red herring to cover up some other news : 10 high-class people ( entrepreneurs , and possibly even the leader of the tax authority ) are not allowed in the us ; huge tax scandal involving the authority itself ; and finally the `` gas '' context : they passed a law allowing them to build the new russian gas pipe without consulting the eu . 
  you are recommending the same article that is linked in the thread . 
  update : j\u00e1nos l\u00e1z\u00e1r ( the person most criticized by the articles in question , soon to be the most powerful operative member of the government ) announced today that he is planning to increase the number of households with internet connection in the country , as part of a grand collaboration with deutsche telekom ( owner of origo , the online newspaper ) . 
   it 's a private company that can hire and fire at will . 
  of course . 
  but when a chief editor who posts government-critical is fired * overnight * it is a bit different . 
  did you read the official statement of origo ? 
  their reason is to `` increase synergy '' . 
  no real alternative on the other side . 
  on of the alternatives is mszp , which is pretty much the legacy party of mszmp , the governing party during the communist era ; but that 's not enough , they are simply unorganized , with no real message , no credibility . 
  others are small parties which never formed a government before . 
  other reasons ? 
  i do n't know . 
  many people honestly believe in them . 
  they play on strings of hate , envy and money . 
  the silver bullet , `` rezsics\u00f6kkent\u00e9s '' is a big factor : they created laws to lower the monthly expenses of families ( that 's right , a law to tell private companies how much they can ask for their services ) . 
  it does n't matter that the costs are there and you still pay them eventually , that 's something the average joe does not understand . 
  part of the reason why that worked so well is that hungarians are really poor ( average income is around 600 euros ; but living expenses and other costs are comparable to western countries ) . 
  the reality is that the monthly expenses take up a much larger chunk of monthly household incomes than in western countries . 
  it 's a real problem . 
  but this is like taking a painkiller for a broken bone , not a real solution . 
  yeah , well not that google search trends are a definite source of information , 
  but is that specific to hungary ? 
  where is here ? 
  i 'm `` waiting '' for the same ( i do n't want the old people to die but i wish there was a shift towards more responsible thinking ) . 
  [ hungary ] ( http://imgur.com/nmgjaxd.png ) ^ ( i have no idea what the christmas twice bit refers to . ), 
  if there is a recipe for that shot , i 'm drinking it from now on with romanians :d, 
  i think it 's pretty good . 
  exactly . 
  in budapest , there is still a soviet monument commemorating the invasion and taking of budapest . 
  regularly vandalized in the last few years . 
  ca n't be taken down because the government attempts to have a good relationship with the russians and they would get mad . 
  that said , there are plans to move the monument from the liberty square ( next to usa embassy , heavily guarded ) , and rename it to roosevelt square . 
  what is already done : they made a statue of ronald reagan [ walking towards the soviet monument ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-e4qmm2qn1_o/tkj4vr6rl7i/aaaaaaaat6u/nwixns4taao/s1600/4.jpg ) . 
  that 's interesting , can you list some ? 
  yes , just spelled differently ( `` nyald ki a seggemet '' ) . 
  your spelling is good for pronunciation by an english speaking person . 
  there is a first name , pirosk ** a ** . 
  it does not have an attached meaning like that . 
  also , some german people think that it means an `` easy '' girl . 
  i have no idea where that comes from . 
  to be fair , the guy does not speak very clearly ( i do n't only mean the terrible accent in his english but also the hungarian pronunciation is not the best ) . 
  i agree with that . 
  means `` good morning , i 'd like a coffee please . '', 
  i do agree that it 's a bit far-fetched but not as much as you say . 
  if you [ read on ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/le%c3%b3_szil%c3%a1rd#the_manhattan_project ) the very article you linked , you can see that le\u00f3 szil\u00e1rd was indeed involved in the manhattan project , so he 's not merely the the inventor of the basic idea , but also the co-creator of the first reactor which was able to sustain a chain reaction in 1942 . 
  i think that 's not the most interesting feature of the language . 
  the concept of [ vowel harmony ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vowel_harmony#hungarian ) is fascinating and beautiful ( this comment of course , comes from a hungarian , so i 'm probably biased ) . 
  i agree . 
  there are lots of problems , but using the words fascist and nazi will just blur it all into one pile of `` evil '' which is actually detracts from the needed attention . 
  i think he said in the comments that `` he would have been fired if he went that fast while driving a train in a normal setting '' or something like that . 
  not pathetic at all , it means you do n't have real issues . 
  good for you . 
  i would say the economic reasons are the more important and that there is n't such big differences in culture . 
  a young person wants privacy and independence . 
  countries where the percentage is high are the ones where the incomes are low . 
  oh no , he was just being sarcastic . 
  the  some students protested about something , i did n't really follow the whole thing part means some pretty serious protests with a few thousand youths on the streets of budapest ( in this cold !, 
  ) , on multiple days , blocking multiple bridges . 
  the story is that the government wants to cut funding for higher education very badly , meaning only ~ 10000 people would get national scholarship for their studies ( and even they would have to sign a contract which would bound them to stay in hungary for 2x time of their studies , in their chosen field ) . 
  oh yeah , and some of the top universities were considering a winter closure to save money on heating . 
  the only competitive value that hungary can have and what would be able to get the economy rolling again is educated people , aka brain . 
  cutting funds for it ( more than it was cut in literally every year since ~ 2002 ) is utterly stupid . 
  also , the student contract mentioned above is outrageous . 
  yes , young people are leaving the country , but the solution is not to apply force on them but to make the country livable . 
  most people would prefer to stay , but it really , really difficult to find a job these day that would be possible to earn a decent living from . 
  the average salary is around 700 eur . 
   there are currently thousands of people entering our country . 
  apparently they do n't want to stay here so we will see . . man , that sounds familiar . 
  germany is the country you do n't want to piss off in the eu . 
  germany warned hungary that it 's violating the dublin iii agreement by letting the migrants go without registration . 
  sz\u00e9kelys speak hungarian though . 
  it 's a false dichotomy to imply that it 's either xenophobic billboards or forcing acceptance . 
  how about simply * not * raising hate ? 
  currently at 26\u00a0000\u00a0000 huf in two and a half days which almost 10 times more than the organizers have hoped to raise in two weeks . 
  how much does a programmer earn in finland ? 
  just curious . 
  there also has been free ( - ish ) facebook offerings in hungary since the earliest 3g service became widely available . 
  oh they are . 
  it 's very sad actually . 
  these people do n't have education and do n't speak languages . 
  there is a whole industry that relays them to foreign countries . 
  they pay for it , and get cheated terribly . 
  their passports are taken and without language and money they just have to live and work where they end up ( not only sweden ) . 
  this is the modern slavery industry in the middle of europe . 
  also , i agree that there is no hard evidence that this was initiated by orban . 
  but i do n't agree that `` everything points to management idiocy '' . 
  remember that there was no hard evidence two years ago that harassing civilian organizations was orban 's doing . 
  surprise , just this week the written order was uncovered ( after a long lawsuit ) , with a stamp and signature by viktor orb\u00e1n himself . 
   any idea what ? 
  - i 'm following the redaction on fb but no new news yet . 
  something about rog\u00e1n . 
   if they would had been closed gently would had made any difference ? 
  absolutely . 
  we are discussing whether or not this was political . 
  i 'm saying that the way this was handled * is * proof that what happened was political . 
  do you argue that telling employees about a party on sunday and firing them on saturday is just a normal business decision ?
