well done , opa . 
  it was never censored . 
  the state declined to print new copies as they hold the copyright . 
  i live in germany and of course you can . 
  the book was never banned or forbidden . 
  what was n't allowed was to print new copies . 
  the books that already existed are not illegal . 
  that 's a myth . 
  which would be `` reines bullshit . '', 
  even today a german toilet ca n't handle more than a single paper towel or a used tampon . 
  a book page would have delayed the invasion of britain by like 9 months ... warte mal ... 
  he did n't write it . 
  hess did . 
  he dictated it . 
  semantics like that rarely work cross culturally . 
  do you never make spelling or case errors ? 
  i 'm writing in two languages as fast as i can , on a handy with a cracked screen in between working and editing a doktorarbeit . 
  i also do n't think every insult needs to be prosecuted . 
  neither does the law . 
  in this case , jan may have overstepped his remit . 
  his timing was shit , and in comedy and satire , timing is everything . 
  if you call another citizen a goat fucker without proof because you want to mock or insult them , that 's against the law here because it violates their dignity . 
  even if they are a total asshole . 
  that means all people . 
  not just the ones you like , or dislike . 
  that means everyone . 
  you obviously would n't know a joke if it sneaked up on you and butted you in the ass while you were fucking a goat . 
  you are right . 
  it was a bit of a gratwanderung . 
  `` we will be ok '' is some kind of problem ?!, 
  do you want to suffer ? 
  do you hate yourself that much ? 
  i pity you . 
  the dignity of people really does need to stay unimpeachable . 
  what 's hilarious , is that aside from my other jobs and hobbies , i am a comedian and kabarettist as well . 
  germany is hilarious . 
  so are germans . 
  i have been laughing at them for years . 
  the stereotype comes from the war and the fact that none of the critics in the uk or the us speak enough german to understand the humour here which is prevalent and very very good . 
  and they are insulted that we do n't find their humour funny . 
  they can in fact go to hell . 
  we are truly the land des l\u00e4chelns . 
   you can not have both however . 
  perhaps , but you can not have liberty at all without order . 
  you can have however , all the order you want without liberty . 
  i am so very proud of both of you right now . 
   so give him a slap on the wrist for being a moron . 
  give him a slap on the wrist for being provocative while breaking the law . 
   only if it harms your dignity essentially . 
  which is a good thing to not allow . 
  freedom and order have to be balanced . 
  in public ? 
  meaning a regular person ? 
  of course . 
  why should you be allowed to disturb the peace and attack someone else ' human dignity by being rude to them ? 
  in jpaolo 's defence : they did n't say they did . 
  in your defence : you did n't say they did . 
  in my defence : someone just stole my fence . 
   as long as your feelings are n't hurt by someone saying something not nice the laws of germany actually partially protect your feelings at least in public . 
  this is an excellent point . 
  i believe in freedom of speech with the appropriate limits . 
  such as limits on libel , defamation , volksverhetzung , you know , the usual . 
  the unimpeachability of the dignity of people means sometimes we have to shut the fuck up . 
  it 's a gratwanderung but we have to deal with it . 
   dances_with_unicorns in their case , it makes them an ass , and also correct ? 
  there 's not really a reason to be . 
  not about this . 
  he knew about the laws . 
  he broke them . 
  he told us he was breaking them . 
  he expected it . 
  if he was not passed on to the state prosecutor by the kanzlerin , then she would have been breaking the separation of powers . 
  free speech in germany is not the ridiculous `` monkeys fucking in public '' freedom that they think they have in america . 
  there are limits . 
  b\u00f6hmermann is helping us to see the limits and if necessery adjust the laws . 
  this is all , very complicated , and at the same time not . 
  all in all , it 's extremely german , and business as usual . 
  we will be ok . 
  in 1934 , came the referendum on whether he could be f\u00fchrer , and it was closer to only 10 % of us did n't vote for him . 
  these days , there is actually some of that adjustment that you are pointing out . 
  9 dollars for a book in the us , amazon in europe charges 9 euros . 
  that 's not a market sourced charge though , but an amazon policy , and it 's not uniform . 
  what still overcomes that is that manufacturing costs are calculated in your own currency . 
  i produce a product for 10 mark . 
  if you get lots of marks for your dollars , you can buy a ton of my product . 
  if you ca n't , then you ca n't . 
  you usually will have to exchange first before you can by my stuff . 
  and even if not , you come to the table with a strong currency and you 'll still have more money to purchase my product . 
   selling goods works so well with a weak currency because youre essentially giving stuff away for free partially . 
  this does n't follow . 
  your costs unless you are manufacturing with components and materials that you must import are or should be a factor in your pricing in your own currency . 
  a weak currency does n't mean you are losing money on sales . 
  you calculate the value of your goods from your production costs . 
  not the value of a foreign currency raised to a specious parity with your own . 
  a strong currency makes it hard for other people to buy your stuff . 
  their money is weaker than yours . 
  if you want to manufacture a weak currency is an advantage . 
  but not too weak then you ca n't buy anything . 
  a weak currency is good selling , a strong one for buying . 
   it 's incredible what the winners have gotten away with yes .
