  except the part where the eu is n't a federation ... 
  oh , so none of the union 's parliaments are sovereign . 
  parliament was n't sovereign , any longer ? 
  how did that come about ? 
  you were referring to the other thing , right ? 
  afaik , on the day of their departure , units heading to afghanistan are being explicitly instructed how to not end up in li\u00e8ge by accident . 
  the guilt rests solely with gavrilo princip !!, 
  * boy , does it feel great to blame everything on a single individual  10/10 , would follow orders again . 
  no ~ ~ homo ~ ~ antisemite, 
  fucking wonder he ever conquered anything . 
  delusional already after his second rate mobster antics netted him sudetenland , austria and the like . 
  after the fall of france there was no stopping him . 
  * \u201e mein f\u00fchrer , sie sind der gr\u00f6\u00dfte feldherr aller zeiten . `` * but if he had been as obsessed with britain , sea lion would n't have been the plan in use . 
  like , 2 interns at the okw planning an amphibious invasion on the side . 
  jeez . 
  just out of habit ? 
  like a pavlovian schlieffen plan ? 
  if hitler had been as obsessed with conquering britain as he was with conquering lebensraum in the east , that scenario would have had panned out differently , i imagine . 
  but then again , surpressing the raf in order to supress the royal navy in order to get an invasion force over the channel is a tall order in and of itself . 
  in 1940 , probably yes . 
  you probably would also have had an army to compensate , though . 
  but without the channel , everything would have been different , anyways . 
  just imagine . 
   process asylum requests from elsewhere , closer to where refugees are actually coming from . 
  offer war refugees temporary housing in the region and financial help with rebuilding when the war ends , rather than taking people in pretty much permanently the way it 's done today . 
  would also be socially and financially cheaper to do it that way . 
  i still do n't get way these policies are n't yet being implemented . 
  then again , it 's actually a quite tall order to do all this . 
  money , laws , negotiations , time etc. 
  but it 's ridiculous to assume we 're not capable of that . 
   if anyone who applies for asylum from inside a eu country is automatically denied ca n't really do that categorically . 
  what if lepen wins and start persecuting someone ? 
  not a good analogy but you get my gist . 
   refugees ( if proven to be so ) are refugees from the standpoint of the cause for their relocation . 
  not quite sure what you 're getting at here . 
  they are asylum-seekers from the standpoint which we set . 
  ( whether or not we consider a country to be safe e.g. ), 
   when analyzing immigrant impact on the receiving society , they should n't be pulled out of the equation . 
  definitely . 
  the thing is , though , we should n't have to worry about that . 
  in theory they should leave when the cause for their asylum grant has disappeared . 
  too many do n't . 
  that has to change . 
  along with the loopholes used to exploit it . 
  the right to asylum has to be closely guarded . 
  we have to invest money in order to keep economic migrants from ruining it for people fleeing murder and persecution . 
   you do n't have to prove any future thing for any one individual you have to prove more than just adverse social effects in order to deny someone asylum . 
  it is a serious matter ( `` where would the jews have fled ? 
  no one wanted to take them in . '' ), 
  but then again just proving that someone is not from a location eligible for asylum is enough to deny asylum \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   off the top of my head . 
  most of the things you mentioned are social developments one should be very alarmed about , indeed . 
  much larger efforts should be undertaken to combat them . 
  but how do we prove that an individual will be guilty of these future adverse effect ? 
  and how do we justify denying them asylum based on statistics ? 
  regular migrants on the other hand should indeed be jugded on social developments and statistics . 
  we need stricter immigration laws with quota systems taking that into account . 
   the law can be changed . 
  hopefully so . 
  we need much greater efforts to effectively seperate asylum-seekers from other migrants . 
  for that we need an efficient agency to control , register and temporarily house people entering our borders . 
  we need smart immigration laws including quota systems for people wanting to migrate here . 
  not anyone and his mom can just come to live here . 
  why should we allow that ? 
   i never said to arrest them . 
  just not let them into our country . 
  ~ ~ ( or eu ) ~ ~ no need for that . 
  these are our countries . 
  we share history , culture and values ( to varying degrees ) . 
  but again . 
  we can not refuse people asylum for their thoughts or values . 
  if they have n't broken any laws and are eligible for asylum we have to take care of them . 
  people will abuse that system . 
  that is bound to happen . 
  therefore we have to minimize the chances of them qualifying for asylum without completely closing the doors to people who actually need help . 
  regular migrants ( once identified ) can not enjoy any of the benefits of asylum . 
  they can not abuse the system and ruin it for those in need . 
  all of this , including border patrols , financing refugee camps , bribing countries unwilling to take their people back , etc. 
  will cost us a shitload of money . 
  but it maybe cheaper than the social and financial costs of not doing it . 
   one solution would be to not accept them in the first place . 
  i 'm all for stricter immigration laws but who exactly do you mean ? 
  arabs , muslims , chinese , women , anyone ? 
  or do you just mean to process asylum requests somewhere else than the actual country ? 
  of course i would n't want that . 
  whichever way it 's labeled . 
  the whole immigration thing has been a blunder . 
  political decisions and communication were atrocious . 
  but the laws have to be adhered to . 
   if some jackass who thinks it 's cool to [ ... ] we do n't arrest people for thought-crimes . 
   but refusing them for their disruptive effects on the society ? 
  relevant question . 
  you would have to define what these disruptive effects are first , though . 
  if they violate any law and you have evidence for it , asylum should not be granted , of course . 
  obviously , the same goes for anyone already living here . 
  absolutely . 
  just wanting to live in the west is not an acceptable reason for asylum . 
  on the obverse , refusing migrants * solely * for their religion is entirely unacceptable as well . 
   symbols in a symbolic way ? 
  yeah , i should have written `` a symbol of fire '' .
