  i just wanted to avoid confusion between symbols as metaphers and insignias because that 's important in that context . 
   so you have no issue of restricting usage of symbols to specific sectors of life . 
  which is great ; you 'd agree with a total ban on all religious symbols in the public sphere outside of places of worship ? 
  i 'd love to see religion wiped from the face of the earth just as the next man . 
  but you can not prohibit expressing yourself or your religion . 
  as long as it does n't infringe any rights of others . 
  everyone has the right to publicly walk around dressed as a nun , a rabbi or hitler himself ( no swastikas  . 
  everyone has the right to pester me with preachy nonsense in public . 
  be it latterdaysaints , salafis , or flying spaghetti cultists . 
  no one has the right to wake me via muezzin , though . 
  except the christian churches because reasons . 
   if that 's what is necessary then here you go . 
  of course these things happen . 
  have been happening for quite some time in afghanistan et al. 
  but that 's still not enough to allow a burqa ban , i 'm afraid . 
  freedom of religion is highly valued in constitutional court decisions . 
  and as mentioned , it already is forbidden to wear face-covering attire during public events . 
  demonstrations , protests , football matches . 
   as we already know , germany has previously refused to recognize certain religious organizations you 're right . 
  like i said , salafist organisations are being banned . 
  salafism is not banned because it is an ideology and not an individual , organization or party . 
  those you can ban . 
  you ca n't ban ideologies . 
  swastikas are n't banned because they refer to the ideology of nazism but because they are insignias of a banned organization . 
  you mentioned scientology . 
  they are not banned , in fact . 
  they ( the organization ) are still under surveillance , though . 
  they 're not considered a religion though . 
  unlike salafism which is part of the islamic creed . 
   in terms of subversion of the liberal-democratic order , the case is already mounting from the number of salafist actors , nurtured by their respective places of congregation in germany , who have joined and fight exactly for those goals in the near east . 
  is germany fine with that sort of militancy as long as it affects the democracy of other countries and not its own ? 
  well said . 
  all of these are obviously problematic . 
  but as i said , salafi organizations trying to undermine the liberal-democratic order are being monitored . 
  those who engage in criminal activites abroad are being monitored as well . 
  be it felonies or political stuff like being part of a banned organisation . 
  there is [ art . 
  that only qualifies for stuff happening in germany , though . 
  i do n't know because ianal . 
   they are a symbol of daesh yes , they are . 
  in a symbolic way . 
  like smoke is a symbol for fire . 
  but they 're not insignias i.e. 
  emblems that denote a specific or general authority . 
   this however is obviously not a potential problem for germany it is n't . 
  for example , if you 're a member of falun gong , you 're free to use swastikas in a religious context . 
   nazism likewise was not just a political organization , but an ideological movement . 
  absolutely . 
  and ideological movements , like any other movement , that seek to abolish or endanger certain parts of the constitution come under surveillance by security agencies . 
  if there 's evidence for anti-constitutional activites , a case can be made . 
  that 's how organizations like daesh or the communist party of germany ( kpd ) got banned in the first place . 
  albeit by different authorties as it is harder to ban a party than an organization . 
  so , if you were actually to go about banning the burqa , your best way would be to see there is an organization or party that seeks to endanger certain aspects of the german constitution . 
  those could be : - trying to negate the independence of the federation or one of its constituent states from foreign rule and / or trying to abolish their national integrity and / or trying to secede part of it 's territory . 
  - trying to impede the functioning of the institutions of the federation or its constituent states . 
  - trying to abolish the [ liberal-democratic order ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/freiheitliche_demokratische_grundordnung ) , i.e. 
  the following : - the people are sovereign . 
  expressed via democratic processes ( voting e.g. ), 
  and institutions ( parliament , courts e.g. ), 
  - the legislature is bound by the constitution . 
  executive and judiciary branches are bound by the laws . 
  - the right to form and engage in parliamentary opposition . 
  - courts have to be free from influence . 
  - freedom from forced or arbitrary rule . 
  - human rights as [ articulated in the constitution . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamental_rights_in_the_german_constitution ) your best guess would be to somehow argue that a burqa violates the dignity of its wearer or their right to free self-development . 
  although appeals on those bases usually get trumped by freedom of expression or freedom of religion . 
  like i said , it 's not that easy . 
   it however can be . 
  but it is n't . 
  salafism is not an organization . 
  extremist groups spouting that ideology get banned right and left in germany . 
  sometimes including banning their symbols . 
  burqas are n't a symbol of the is either . 
  hence they 're not banned with it . 
   it is not hard to institute that logic there as well it is a bit too easy , i 'm afraid . 
  i know , i know . 
  but a burqa is n't a symbol of an anti-constitutional organisation . 
  so you ca n't ban them per se . 
  partial bans already exist and have been mentioned in this thread . 
  no face veils in court , at demonstrations , if you want to work for the state , etc. 
  no , no . 
  they can wear the clothing . 
  just no insignia of forbidden organisations . 
  you ca n't just walk around waving an is-flag either . 
  not op but ... sure . 
  why not ? 
  they look smashing . 
  no swastikas and stuff , of course . 
   that 's not right . 
  of course it is n't . 
  it 's outright moronic . 
   there is a cost to being in the eu that goes beyond trade deals and economic worries would you care to elaborate ? 
  engage =| = interest, 
  `` do n't mess with crexas '', 
   killing whores and policemen al-baghdadi and his fellows might disagree . 
  though i would n't call their interpretation `` proper '' . 
  unfortunately that line of argument is also being used by turks in germany . 
  mostly during intra-turkish discussion about politics . 
  not so much in public .
