just in case, 
  will take any silver lining in today 's tragedies . 
  good to hear . 
  op 's talking about how after every islamist terror attack in europe , people respond via hashtag activism and trending memes like , `` you ai n't no muslim bruv . '', 
  thinking rt is propaganda \u2260 thinking western media is perfect, 
  genocide is not a word to be thrown around lightly . 
  saudi arabia is terrible but it 's not genocidal . 
  hodor . 
  who needs a eu when a eu can be broken ? 
   he wo n't live for long if he does n't stop being an alcoholic at his age . 
  he 's made it to 71 years despite a lifetime of heavy drinking/chain-smoking . 
  i 'd say he 's doing better than most . 
   as we focus on the rise of the islamic state and search for the source of the savagery that took so many innocent lives in paris and san bernardino , we might want to look beyond the convenient explanations of religion and ideology . 
  i 'll never understand why so many people on the left adopt this nonsensical post-modernist worldview that ideology is somehow a minor , negligible factor in determining behaviour . 
  imagine a neo-nazi walking into a holocaust museum yelling , `` heil hitler ! '', 
  as he begins to shoot up the place . 
  in determining his motivation , would you begin an article with , `` we might want to look beyond the convenient explanations of anti-semitism and national socialism . '', 
  of course not , but when it comes to specific ideologies like islam people like the author pretend that their ideology has nothing to do with their behaviour just to express some need for masochistic self-loathing . 
   in recent months many new applications came to the flemish and brussels government for official recognition of new mosques . 
   the federal government therefore drew 3.3 million to pay the salaries of 80 additional imams . 
  this action prompted justice minister koen geens ( cd & v ) to announce on the sidelines an action plan against radicalization , violent extremism and terrorism . 
   especially in flanders in recent years there have been very few mosques officially recognized . 
  until a few months ago there were fewer than thirty , but that is now changing . 
  `` that strategy fits in with our philosophy of a more integrated islam , '' said geens . 
  `` a recognized mosque is a sign of an integrated islam . 
  in the fight against radicalization , it is important that young people do not drift towards radical mosques . 
  it also gives us more interlocutors . '', 
   -- no miracle solution --  nearly 50 mosques now have gained approval from the flemish government . 
  before a mosque is recognized , flanders will seek the opinion of the municipality , the province , the state and the fps justice . 
  the latter is responsible for the wages of the imams and pastors . 
   however , the recognition of a mosque is not a miracle solution against radicalization . 
  late last year it was announced that imam yussuf ec , who preached at the recognized mosque dome in borgerhout , had gone to syria . 
  there he joined jihadists , yussuf ec was not monitored and the departure took police by surprise . 
  somebody should tell africa, 
  is it technically a terror attack if they were targeting military personal ? 
   anti-semitism is a persistent problem in some dutch schools and ** especially among muslim pupils ** , according to a new government-commissioned report on discrimination in education . 
  \\ ...  [ ] . . a female pupil of moroccan descent stood up and said : `` if i had a kalashnikov [ assault rifle ] , i 'd gun down all the jews . '' she then made shooting gestures and sounds . 
  it 's shocking that the issue of muslim anti-semitism is n't more of a scandal in europe . 
  makes you wonder how many ` rape dungeons ' are currently active from people who just have n't been caught yet . 
  terrifying thought . 
  global warming, 
  * kind have, 
  contracting scurvy or sitting next to a crying baby on a 20hr flight ... ill take the scurvy please, 
  here you go : https://np.reddit.com/r/islam/comments/3vj82j/sharia_courts_in_britain_lock_women_into_marital/, 
  the vast majority of civilians killed in the syrian civil war have been by [ the assad regime ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/islamic-state-has-killed-many-syrians-but-assads-forces-have-killed-even-more/2015/09/05/b8150d0c-4d85-11e5-80c2-106ea7fb80d4_story.html ) , i would appreciate it if you did n't make up bullshit . 
  you guys can drop the apostrophe , it 's just `` nazis . '', 
  it 's frightening to witness how close we 're getting to seeing a proto-fascist become the most powerful person in the world . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kfzgh/local_community_in_poland_accepted_syrian/ tell that to poland , who a year ago accepted a family of refugees who were all given low-rent housing and other charitable amenities but ended up fleeing to germany in the dead of night without even leaving as much as a thank you . 
  i 've always heard girth was more important . 
  killing a person because they 're about to perform a terrorist attack has absolutely nothing to do with `` revenge '' . 
  such a stupid strawman . 
  you should n't feel broken , brexit is the best thing that 's happened to this island in decades . 
  we shed our chains and won our freedom , by the time our friends on the mainland realise the cost of their bondage , it will be too late for them . 
  i 'm sorry but you 've lost the plot . 
  being against both the islamist rebels and the fascist dictatorship in syria is not mutually exclusive . 
  you do n't have to pick a side . 
  apologising for assad does n't do anyone favours . 
  well that got weird fast, 
  he 's a polish nationalist who hates everything about western europe if his comment history is anything to go by . 
  just fyi you 're responding to a troll . 
  / u/executivemonkey likes to play the hyper-nationalistic-american shtick for kicks . 
   with more funding and a higher cost it is possible to hire foreign artists and create `` better quality '' products . 
  yet again : that 's not entirely possible in an olympic team . 
  unless you 're qatar , 
  it 's what i was taught by my instructor when i was learning to use a chainsaw in case we ever got into an accident . 
  basically it just rips your skin off but it does n't actually cut through anything because the teeth need something sturdy to grip on . 
  you ca n't really kill someone quickly that way . 
  unless like i said , you 're aiming for their throat or something . 
  despite what they 'll have you believe in the movies you ca n't really kill somebody with a chainsaw . 
  those things are designed to cut through tough material , the human body is just too gooey . 
  what ends up happening is a bunch of skin just gets mangled up in the chain and shuts it off . 
  unless you aim for their throat or something ... 
  if government policy is the only thing stopping the formation of nihilistic death cults within your borders then i think there 's a bigger societal problem that needs to be addressed . 
  crazy , hope the victims fully recover . 
  can you explain further ? 
  i 'm ignorant on french politics . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  russia kept the seat after the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  i do n't see why it would n't be any different for us . 
  greece did come up as the most anti-semitic country in europe when the adl did their global anti-semitic ranking : http://global100.adl.org/#map, 
  if russiatoday is banned on this sub , surely telesurtv should be too . 
  they 're literally just the state-run propaganda outlet of venezuela and cuba . 
  with blackjack and hookers ? 
  europe 's a great place for raising kids . 
  now only if we could get europeans to have kids ... 
  building for the sake of building is called bureaucracy , and there 's nothing virtuous about it . 
  frexit would be the best thing to happen to europe in decades , the entire european project needs to be scrapped and sovereignty handed back to their rightful nation-states . 
  she 's anti-eu and this sub is pro-federalism . 
  they 'll call anyone dangerous who happens to stand in the way of their globalist wet dream of a eussr . 
  kazakhstan greatest country in the world , all other countries are run by little girls, 
  functioning spines are overrated anyways . 
  there are lots of things to criticise israel for but producing nuclear weapons is n't one of them . 
  if you had the neighbours and history israel has you 'd want to have the ultimate defence too . 
  why should i give two flying fucks about minimum wage in asia ? 
  you guys need to have an economy first before it 's possible to start ruining the environment with it, 
  saudi arabia giving zero fucks, 
  they 're not a group i 'd like to be associated with , that 's for sure . 
  lol as if that 's any better, 
  if this is what christian extremism looks like we should count ourselves lucky . 
  i 'll take facebook statuses over nail bombs anyday .
