  pewdiepie is the most popular one . 
  i like robbaz . 
  i do n't know what they 're trying to say . 
  in sweden you pretty much only tip if you 're having dinner at a slightly expensive restaurant , but it 's not expected and many will not do it . 
  if you really want to tip i 'd stay around 10 % . 
  i would never tip for lunch or in a caf\u00e9 . 
  sweden is much more a cashless society than say ireland where i 'm staying now though , here people might pay for their food at restaurants in cash , which makes tipping more convenient for the customer . 
  was n't the californian residental water usage such a small part of the whole water usage anyway that them saving water could n't make a significant difference ? 
  but the bump is just a few months in 2014 ? 
  hm why are we not paying for water ? 
  me and my roomates have seen the posters and that but dunno what we should do . 
  ( we 're all swedish ), 
  eh i 'm part sami and i kind of agree with them on this , i see no reason why samis should have special rights . 
  in a country every citizen should have the same rights regardless of ethnicity or race . 
  you 're right , society does n't really care about male rape victims though . 
  but they 're the fucking polis , they can do anything, 
  14 of them . 
  as if name counting is in any way a reliable method to measure which groups are most coming for rapists . 
  it can definitely not be a way of selectively collecting statistics that fits your agenda . 
  what the fuck do you suggest we do when the bad guys get tennis rackets aswell ? 
  oh sorry , i just glanced through your post , my reply must not have made sense . 
  yeah i think the general internet image of sweden is very distorted in many cases . 
  or it means the stigma for men to seek help after a rape is still extremely high . 
  he 's probably right in that the demand for a centre like this is low , but just because of this reason . 
  we need to change as a society . 
  fantasies and reality are often different things . 
  as far as i know female rape emergency rooms will accept men as well . 
  however i think the original reason for the segregation is based on the assumption that female rape victims might not feel comfortable around men , sadly . 
  affirmative action is not legal in swedish universities . 
  why ? 
  i think it has more to do with apostasy than christianity . 
  to muslim extremists it 's probably worse leaving islam for another religion than being a jew from the start . 
  torture chamber ? 
  dublin castle , if that even is a castle . 
  sadly yes . 
  our league is great though , they 're missing out . 
  looks like the map has been upgraded on wikipedia and someone just simply forgot about kaliningrad oblast . 
  every sperm is sacred in ireland still, 
  well you can also build nice flats , like [ these ] ( http://isites.harvard.edu/fs/docs/icb.topic892112.files/hammarby/hammarby%202.jpg ), 
  do you really care if it 's milton keynes ? 
  i never said that but that 's one of the reasons why immigration is problematic for the uk yeah . 
  we 're not talking about wanting immigrants or not , please read my posts so you know what we 're talking about . 
  right , why are you telling me this ? 
  do you understand my posts ? 
  i did n't say you did n't i was explaining why population density has n't got much to do with it . 
  or you can just build a few taller buildings in milton keynes . 
  people are going to want to live where there already are houses anyway so the natural way to solve the housing crisis is building more efficient , not over a wider area . 
  absolutley horrible, 
  it has very little to do with population density though and mostly to do with housing . 
  the uk is far from running out of land to build on . 
  i can imagine the uk has big problems with housing just like us though and i would love it if our government stopped telling other countries how to run theirs . 
  check the link, 
  h\u00e4cken are the brommapojkarna of gothenburg . 
  51 % is most people . 
  i guess i should use my words more carefully then . 
  i 'll use common instead . 
  homosexuality is not normal , many things are not normal . 
  the wrong problem is being attacked here , the problem that needs to be attacked is that people tend to shun people who diverge from the norm in different ways instead of accepting them for who they are . 
  now we 're just pretending it 's normal because somehow we know that we could n't accept it if it was n't . 
  being normal has no positive or negative value . 
  right , i was just saying i think most people live their lives without ever being interested sexually in someone of their own sex , so to most people this spectrum seems like an outlandish idea ( from the start ) even though it 's there . 
  i think it 's people who think not normal means it 's something bad that 's the problem . 
  that 's what i mean yes . 
  other than that would be ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i showed that i understand that there is a spectrum , all i 'm saying is that i think it 's fairly obvious that humans are not evenly spread out on this spectrum , the absolute majority of us are strongly to the heterosexual side . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a fact that heterosexuality is normal . 
  not only humans but in this case i 'm talking about humans because the article is about humans . 
  i 'd say heterosexuality is a normal sexuality, 
  humans, 
  yeah but how normal is it to not be strongly leaning to heterosexuality ? 
  i would think not very . 
  elaborate ? 
  so what is going to happen ? 
  because it can be . 
  maybe 2-3 years ago . 
  nowadays you ca n't enter a thread about sweden without a load of `` sweden yes '' - type comments . 
  you could build a mountain . 
  people should boycott this shitty festival . 
  before he was born because he was born there ? 
  corsica was french on the day napoleon was born . 
  he was the field marshall of the french empire and also anti-napoleon . 
  the first day i came here i had fish and chips in a pub , it was great but for some reason i have n't had one since . 
  i kind of want to try something new every time since i do n't eat out often . 
  i have not , what is that ? 
  open it with your grenade . 
  [ do we all remember this ? 
  ] ( http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/50cb8a1cecad041747000004/media-reports-named-the-wrong-lanza-as-the-sandy-hook-shooter.jpg ), 
  you 're in luck , it comes with [ this !, 
  ] ( http://upraw.typepad.com/upraw/windowslivewriter/ikea%20tool.jpg ), 
  do you really need to have your knife package opened before you 're home though ? 
  i have lived here for a little over a month now . 
  i like taytos salt and vinegar . 
  why so hard to get a pps ? 
  what 's the best traditional irish food ? 
  i 've tried a few puddings and irish beef stew , really liked the stew . 
  well you know like why people do n't buy those 1 $ houses in detroit . 
  because if you own a house , someone breaks into it and hurt themselves , you could be held responsible . 
  it 's basically the same thing for sl with this case . 
  in reality it 's a safety assessment yes , but mostly a safety assessment for themselves than the vandals . 
  they 're probably just mocking how we do asian cuisine .
