  `` this is how stupid your asian food looks '', 
  who does n't ? 
  visited : kotor ( montenegro ) or trondheim ( norway ) lived : \u00d6stersund ( sweden ) or dublin ( ireland ), 
  mostly a posh area but also historically an area where royals and leaders have had resorts and the hotel has held a few bilderberger meetings and other political meetings of great national and international importance . 
  but that 's irrelevant for the clip . 
  these are open neo nazis . 
  just to point that out . 
  i would too . 
  just think about what kind of areas they both are in usually . 
  also you never know , i might need the rehab centre . 
  i wonder when the last time volvo was n't the best selling car in sweden was . 
  in sweden you can get the only moose cheese in the world . 
  the process is very hard , needs a lot of work and time consuming also moose do n't produce a lot of milk and during a short time . 
  so the price of the moose cheese is pretty insane , ~ 1000 $ / kg . 
  it 's said to be really good though and almost all of their customers are luxery restaurants . 
  some people learn from history , some people make irrational conclusions from history . 
  please fuck off back to / r/murica , your shitty subreddit is poising all of reddit with your self congratulatory nationalist bullshit , at least stay out of / r/europe, 
  you made them ? 
  come on now . 
  it 's not , i would have prefered charlie hebdo to keep standing up for free speech as well . 
  but they do n't owe it to their friends to risk their lives for their memory . 
  it 's a lot to ask for and it 's very unfair to call them spineless . 
  come on , their friends got brutally murdered and some of them watched it happen . 
  wellif living is too expensive then a funeral is the only answer . 
  yeah she can be king carl xvi gustaf 's maid . 
  it 's kinda meh, 
  yeah mostly . 
  this comparision is the craziest one for me : https://mapfight.appspot.com/mg-vs-gl/madagascar-greenland-size-comparison, 
  you could fit several texases in european russia though . 
  it 's not the size of your navy , it 's [ how cool your boats are ] ( http://images.gizmag.com/hero/8906_1030873957.jpg ), 
  yes , is n't that what we want ? 
  maybe not the right time for this , but we should probably not have a wc in qatar . 
  i bet numerous groups are planning attacks already . 
  turkey is amazing . 
  and bosnia is beautiful . 
  why not just fucking remove legal gender as a thing instead of doing bullshit like this ? 
  i never said i supported that . 
   no , you should n't . 
  by his logic , having a tool to fend off attackers is more likely to save you than not having one . 
  source ? 
  i 've heard the opposite . 
  i have no solution but a shitty solution is not better than no solution . 
  americans are an armed population and they have actual guns , not toys . 
  yet still only around 1,6 % of all shootings in the us are stopped by armed citizens . 
  also you can wonder how many of those shootings could have been stopped by guns not being on the market . 
  shit , they happen more often than i thought : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_school_shootings_in_the_united_states#2010s, 
  it wont stop terrorism , just make it harder for us to see who the extremists are . 
  was n't that bowl cut kid shooting up a school ? 
  pulling out a gun ( especially a non-lethal one ) could potentionally put you in more danger than not having one with you . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why ? 
  terrorism is horrible and all but statistically you 're very unlikely to run into a terrorist . 
  even if you do run into one , would you have your gas gun with you ? 
  and even if you do have it with you , how likely is it to save you ? 
  fuck not again . 
  i 'm glad the attacker has been arrested and hope he 's working alone . 
  language of the truth ? 
  i 'm kind of surprised they admit to exploiting this irrationality . 
  i liked that relative of hitler who said she would n't abstain from having children because of their bloodline because that kind of reasoning ( inherited guilt ) is the same kind of reasoning that led to nazism . 
  of course i 'm not talking about greenspace , reinfeldt is an idiot . 
  here it 's usually the communes with the most room to spare who says that , not telling them what to do , i 'm just saying . 
  they certainly did n't come from todays germany, 
  i think the creator just want to be passive aggressive with that . 
  this is a bit ridiculous . 
  donald trump seem like a cartoon villain guy , like mr burns . 
  thank you for adding . 
  i did n't hear about the death of magnus h\u00e4renstam until after my post , it made me really sad . 
  the biggest news would be the royal wedding . 
  as prince carl philip married we have a [ new princess ] ( http://www.kungahuset.se/kungafamiljen/hkhprinsessansofia.4.6b3f01514d8a67974b219.html ) in sweden . 
  in sader news , the 17 year old girl , lisa holm , who has been missing and been all over the news for the past week was found dead two days ago . 
  i do n't get this , seems like 16 photos of random places in europe . 
  blog advertising . 
  what do you mean with healthy ? 
  do you mean fatty food ? 
  the problem is that most people do n't have a problem with it so they get encouraged to eat less of it when they really should n't , and underweight people who really need to eat fatter food get encouraged to eat less . 
  you ca n't pick out one part of the population and model society from them when everyone has different needs . 
  i do n't think we can do much about food selection , but i think we can at least make sure that our public schools provide free healthy meals to the kids so that they can grow up with it . 
  281 roles . 
  actor career : 1946-2015, 
  scaramanga and kato, 
  oh no , one of the most baddass actors who ever lived . 
  the tunnbr\u00f6dsrulle is great . 
  i 'd really like to try the ones from chile and argentina though , they sounded tasty . 
  well on csgo maybe, 
  good riddance, 
  or leipzig, 
  the rest of the nordic countries . 
  actually all of the nordic countries . 
  unfortunately for the arab world their governments have made their countries unsuitable for world cups , they should sort that out first then we can talk . 
  i 'll bet on belarus, 
  unless they were dodgy as well . 
  knugen likes to hunt and [ drive fast cars ] ( http://www.realtid.se/articlepages/200909/18/20090918201314_realtid780/kungensferrari473inne.jpg ), 
  [ it sounds like a joke at first ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjd9v9h2uru ), 
  they were building the biggest buddhist temple in europe in northern sweden . 
  but it never seems to finish . 
  eurovision clearly, 
  i thought people would get what i mean by political cartoons . 
  i mean those standard ones you see in newspapers . 
  this is more of just a funny webcomic . 
  does * anyone * think political cartoons are funny ?
