  do n't worry you 're still way worse . 
  so they will have to reapply ? 
  let 's say scotland leaves . 
  wont they have to reapply as an eu member ? 
  map is correct . 
  living in dublin i 'll answer for ireland . 
  dublin is absolutley brilliant for indian food , pub food , hamburger places and chippers and it has a few really good sushi places and mexican restaurants but other areas are worse . 
  pizza - ireland 's pizzeria culture is unfortunately horrific . 
  it 's dominated by chain pizzerias and has very low variety , all the pizzas are the same , too thick and bland , they come with garlic sauce or similar because it needs it . 
  the only light is a great neapolitan pizzeria in south dublin . 
  kebab - in sweden the kebab looks different in every city but they can all make a great d\u00f6ner kebab . 
  unfortunately ireland ca n't , you get a dissappointing d\u00f6ner in a sad pita bread with something that should n't be allowed to be called a kebab sauce squirted on . 
  i miss good kebab . 
  bread - this could very well depend on where you grow up but i have n't found a bread i like in ireland yet . 
  in sweden all the grocery stores have loads of good bread , i 'm not sure if you have to go to bakeries here but the only bread i 've liked a little bit was the bagels . 
  sauces - i miss variety in sauces and good sauces . 
  ireland seems to use gravy or even worse powder gravy as their to go sauce . 
  where is the sauce passion ? 
  iceland has 21,508 registered football players . 
  do they think they can just order them ? 
  ukip is not running the uk , they will be even more redundant now as a party . 
  kms is nothing , maybe 20-30 km/s ( kilometres a second ) wide ? 
  before ea with battlefield 1942 at least nearly half the maps were on the eastern front . 
  there 's two of them . 
  what concrete things are you worried about losing with the christians ? 
  probably due to the collapse of the jedi order . 
  yeah i live in ireland too . 
  most seem to not have used it . 
  [  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/76/paradoc_interactive.png ), 
  well the civilized world uses them , so yeah pretty much only the nordic countries . 
  it 's a shame this glorious invention is unknown in most of the world . 
  the safety matchstick, 
  elo ratings are heavily flawed aswell , but i do n't think it 's possible to create a system that is n't . 
  the fifa ranking is just a seeding system , it does n't really work as a best to worst team list . 
  i prefer sweden being low ranked anyway , we are better from an underdog position . 
  it 's like when you go to hamburger restaurant with an american and the american goes `` i ate four times what you ate , you really need to eat more '' and you just had two big burgers yourself . 
  why should we increase it ? 
  are the aliens invading ? 
  they usually do n't add american even . 
  they 're irish , just as irish as you . 
  swedish chocolate is actually good though . 
  well swedish pizza culture is very varying , the occasional odd pizza alternatives is a result of that . 
  difference between us and the other nordic countries is yours is dominated by pizza chains and ours is dominated by private enterprise pizzerias . 
  personally i am very thankful for that and think we should do all in our power to keep pizza chains out . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is tasty , but i 'm not going to try and convince anyone of this . 
  when it comes to food at least 95 % of reddit is too insular . 
  do n't trust everything you read on the internet or learn how to read statistics . 
  yeah it 's a baileys shot i believe . 
  i 'm flying the union flag on tuesday, 
  good job they have bullet trains through the whole country . 
  some are quite aware . 
  i 'm into maps . 
  above denmark !, 
  the glorious kingdom of sweden . 
  does n't happen irl , unsurprisingly . 
  usually something about blondes . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  how many people actually watch the oscars ? 
  even americans seem to just look up the winners afterwards usually . 
  i 'm not going to stay up a sunday night to watch a bunch of overrated actors congratulate each other . 
  game of thrones is not an event . 
  i think it 's possible there are some . 
  vatican citizenship is allowed even by countries that do n't allow dual citizenship since as you said it 's an in office citizenship that is term based and gone when you leave the service . 
  but i do n't think it 's too unlikely that for example some african countries would revoke your citizenship if you start working in the vatican . 
  there 's even a function that if you end up stateless when your vatican citizenship is over you 're automatically granted italian citizenship . 
  rutabaga/turnip is also called `` swede '', 
  because this is more of a holiday than a charity trip . 
  greenland is not in uefa or fifa so it should be denmark . 
  martin olsson yes , who else ? 
  fuck off britain xd, 
  kotor is probably the most beautiful city i 've been in . 
  every thread, 
  we 're not far behind . 
  seems like it would be very difficult to define a constitutional right to privacy . 
  what did benjamin franklin say regarding the privacy of internet history ? 
  is that why you kept st patrick 's cross for ireland ? 
  `` the reindeer herder 's joik '' by jon henrik fj\u00e4llgren, 
  if it was n't denmark i 'd agree . 
  what are the chances of ice between the belts ? 
  i do n't know how correct this map is , i assume there are many guesses and estimations involved but it seems very detailed . 
  well the million programme was something people believed in when it happened , it was the future . 
  maybe there was some white flight but there were also people fleeing the areas simply because they were poorly planned from the start . 
  you can see better examples of white flight in the estate suburbs . 
  reddit sure can make a hen out of a feather . 
  oh i missunderstood you , i though you meant there should be nothing there . 
  no of course , no doubt about that . 
  not sure what why it matters though ? 
  j\u00e4mtland is certainly right . 
  they moved away from harald fairhair . 
  beautiful !, 
  what circlejerk ? 
  it 's insane that countries are dismantling power plants that have the most safe and efficient power source there is . 
  i 'd be fine with just using this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf9lunb-jsm, 
  something we should have looked at . 
  dublin is now birmingham * : / *, 
  that 's fine, 
  i agree , hans rosling is a bit harsh on him but that 's because he 's so passionate about his point coming through . 
  hans rosling showed us that most people have a very distorted view of how the world is regarding poverty , starvation and suffering . 
  we think the world is in a much worse state than it actually is and the people who have the most negative and also most distorted worldview are the people who read news the most . 
  i hope his son ola rosling who also is a statitician and helped hans found gapminder continues his work .
