  yes i think it changed a lot over time , the christmas goat was depicted in many different ways aswell . 
  what even constitutes as advice ? . 
  this is not countering the online market , this is killing the retail market . 
   football team - finals winner - major tournaments 1995, 
  before we had santa , [ the christmas goat ] ( https://hogtider.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/borgmacc88star-munte-julbocken-illustrazione.jpg ) brought all the presents in sweden too . 
  not really . 
  just heard about it in the media and stuff . 
  `` war on christmas '' and all that . 
  i hope she lights the candle with a mini explosion from a firecracker while yelling allah ackbar before the screen goes to black . 
  entertainment for years secured . 
  yeah same with sweden . 
  i know there has been some weird occurances of eating lutfisk at christmas but it 's rare . 
  maybe the ones who are not christian . 
  i 've not seen people get offended by `` merry christmas '' elsewhere . 
  i love snails and surstr\u00f6mming , i want to try casu marzu but have to admit the maggot thing is a bit intimidating . 
  no we 're not the us . 
  the reason why you can eat salmon in sushi restaurants is because of scandinavian influence . 
  the scandinavian cuisine is undiscovered for most people it seems . 
  there 's many good dishes and products from there . 
  you will get tastes of the wild that you absolutley can not get in france or italy . 
  what ?!, 
  where are you from ? 
  this is so ignorant . 
  probably all . 
  i try to open to everything because so much of the weird food is some of the best . 
  per capita probably malta . 
  we should certainly expect an increase in rape rate between 1975 and 2013 since there was a population increase of nearly 25 %, 
  over 5 % ** that we know ** of . 
  there are many reasons why a man would n't report a rape . 
  that 's what 's happening to men today . 
  as long as you can get a big beer and sit outside i 'm happy . 
  sweden has [ `` tomten \u00e4r far till alla barnen '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0201265/ ) ( santa is the father of all children ) it 's actually a good comedy about a christmas party that turns ridiculously bad in evry way . 
  rents are going down though . 
  it 's obvious , the current workforce needs to be replaced by the same but in reality a greater number or economic growth will suffer . 
  people in pension will only increase every year and the working people have to pay for them . 
  if population decrease fewer and fewer people will have to pay for more and more , it 's not sustainable . 
  for stable economic growth we need a stable population growth . 
  pretty cool . 
  where are these people when i 'm drunk offering me a ride home ? 
  i always have to walk . 
  she already got the nobel peace prize so now she 's definitely confirmed evil . 
  it really is . 
  the contrast between ireland and sweden is , from personal experience , extreme . 
  in sweden i could go several months without ever using cash , in ireland i have to use cash every other day . 
  probably `` only god can judge me '', 
  also this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqxrbwuis40, 
  the deluge or [ this ] ( http://upraw.typepad.com/upraw/windowslivewriter/ikea%20tool.jpg ), 
  you mean like cups attached to strings ? 
  they have a link to the ruling but you have to pay to read it , which should be seen as suspicious . 
  and this is friatider your most right wing biased alternative media . 
  i saw sluga gosudarev , it was okay at best . 
  no i 'm not disregarding that idea , i 'm actually quite fond of the national romanticism from the 19th century . 
  i 'm just skeptical with hollywood and movies glorifying a country 's history because the ones i 've seen have been shit . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong , i have n't seen the movies you mentioned . 
  starting off in the end of making it patriotic . 
  how many of the patriotic and history glorifying mastodont movies are actually good ? 
  all roads lead everywhere !, 
  i 've never heard of a valborgmust . 
  valborg is definitely big if you 're a student but for the rest i think the national day is the fifth biggest holiday , it 's slowly growing since it became a red day . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  yes . 
  still many people who are against the current immigration policy do n't want to vote for sd for a number of reasons . 
  it 's ridiculous to suggest that anyone who did n't vote for sd supports the current immigration policy . 
  they must have one of the largest numbers of representing members of parliament per capita . 
  scotland looks like the most pleasant one to work in . 
  well good then . 
  it 's better this way . 
  why are you talking about us like that ? 
  we 're not in nato and still followed you into afghanistan . 
  sure i 'd like that . 
   you just play the pretentious elitist scandinavian stereotype here to a t , it 's comical . 
  what was that first thing you said ? 
  do you have an example ? 
  because i 've never seen this . 
  swede . 
  there 's no european national football team . 
  it 's not useless . 
  i 'm an antitheist meaning i think religion is destructive for society and the individual but the world is by a large majority religious so much in all societies and cultures in the world are derived from and influenced by religion . 
  in order to understand many things about the world we need to understand the world religions . 
  having a generation grow up with religious ignorance is absolutley insane . 
  i think the goal is freedom for the individual and regarding gender it has historically restricted the individual a lot in what they can do for example careerwise . 
  the key is to find the balance between removing gender as a barrier but not going to far to create a socially engineered society where everything is 50/50 between men and women because then we ignore the general differences between men and women that do n't derive from social expectations and suddenly we 're restricting the individual in the expection for them to be norm breaking . 
  with sweden as an example : sweden recently opened the first rape help centre for men , this is a clear example where we need to work more with gender roles because this problem derives from that . 
  the problem being that it took so long time . 
  a party also recently made a suggestion to pay for the education of females studying in it in order to decrease male dominance in the field . 
  this is an example where we go too far because we negatively and positively discriminate people based on their gender to force on norm breaking choices . 
  here we must understand that even in a perfectly gender equal society men and women are going to make different choices because they are different . 
  what do you mean ? 
  even more smuggle beer from germany and moonshine . 
  nah , i live in ireland and american culture is much more prevalent here than sweden . 
  11th of december, 
  i do n't know actually , have n't travelled much in the last few years . 
  does n't most buses nowadays ? 
  even city buses . 
  yeah this infrograph does n't really tell us much . 
  i find 16 inaccurate and offensive . 
  i think it looks great . 
  [ sambassadeur - ice and snow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imjct2wjiia ), 
  and taytos on the table . 
  the nordic countries were there .
