  meaning the amount of natural forest itself is very high for europe ( total forest amount disregarded ) . 
  but it 's % of forest not % of land . 
  you make it sound like 3 % is a little . 
  for europe it 's quite a lot if you exclude russia . 
  i agree that they probably need help and they should be offered it . 
  the freedom of the individual trumps all of this though , as long as what you 're doing does n't hurt anyone else we have no reason to outlaw it . 
  how is sweden constantly breaking social norms and how is it heading to failure ? 
  `` my isis year , i thought i was so mysterious lol '', 
  well what is your reasoning ? 
  because he died and we 're all his sons ? 
  the worst is you get the highway next to the sexiest trees . 
  i stand by luf . 
  it 's brave to stand up for everyones right to consensual sex and not just what 's socially accepted . 
  the only arguments against incest and necrophilia in the form suggested here is emotional arguments and they should n't be regarded . 
  if `` it 's disgusting '' is your only argument then you should accept people using that argument against allowing homosexuality aswell . 
  aftonbladet is one of the worst rubbish tabloids in the western world . 
  but this article seems correct and i stand by lufs proposal . 
  i doubt people will start fucking their family just because it 's legal . 
  why should it be a crime , i think anyone should get to decide what happens to their body after death . 
  you thinking it 's disgusting is irrelevant , morally it is fine and should be none of your concern . 
  it only involves one person so not comparable . 
  it 's the same with the conservative youth clubs in sweden . 
  oh no that hurts . 
  we probably do n't care as much as brits think or want us to . 
  but still hope they stay . 
  especially kotor . 
  they 're odd enough that you know a few things about them . 
  some kind of christian news source ? 
  i 'm from j\u00e4mtland and we generally consider the oil thieves to be closer to us than the sauna trolls . 
  i 'm talking about the film maker who was murdered , not the painter . 
  yes todays `` provocative art '' is n't provocative at all . 
  a woman painting with period blood is what the youth think is provocative today . 
  real provocative art is the kind that people try to ban , the art that people will threaten and even murder you for , like the art of theo van gogh , lars vilks or charlie hebdo . 
  what i like about for example lars vilks art is that it 's so innocent , so minimally offensive and so legally clean . 
  artists go massive lengths to test the limits of art like that artist who faked suicidal behaviour and wasted tax money or that mexican artist who blocked a motorway with a truck causing panic , deaths and breaking many laws . 
  yet none of them can even hope of reaching near the level of rage and hatred from both the art community and the world as a whole as a sketch by lars vilks does . 
  political correctness should n't even exist in comedy . 
  comedy is a very important part of our civilization and it must be free from political correctness or it loses a lot of its purpose . 
  it 's pretty simple , if you do n't want to hear what a comedian says , do n't go to his show and realise the world does n't revolve around you . 
  because sweden owns the biggest island in the baltic sea and many other significant strategic points . 
  russia taking over sweden would put many european countries in a threatened position . 
  at least we 're trying to redeem ourselves in these areas , especially norway . 
  and amazonas deforestation rate has steadily decreased every year . 
  i think the compensation for deforestation is the biggest part , so many companies have a bigger than 100 % compensation . 
  but co2 emission is also going down in europe . 
  of course hitler would n't admit to supporting jewish groups in his speeches , they are purely propaganda . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haavara_agreement https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lehi_%28group%29, 
  you actually have both positions today . 
  `` nazis '' who are willing to ally jews to fight muslims and `` nazis '' who are willing to ally muslims to fight jews . 
  todays neo-nazi movement is far from organised . 
  this could be a the enemy of my enemy is my friend thing . 
  if he can support someone willing to fight both the british and the jews , he can probably oversee the potentionally inferior ethnicity , culture and religion . 
  germany supported just about any separatist group in enemy territory because it was a good strategy for destabilising them . 
  it 's possible he even supported the jews in palestine . 
  forgot about 2003 ? 
  i feel that southern europe is culturally closer in many ways . 
  it is true and it is around 27 wars depending on how you define a war . 
  as if england is much better in this regard . 
  this really is n't what we need in europe again . 
  a bit of local patriotism , i live in dublin . 
  greater j\u00e4mtland, 
  is this actually a requirement ? 
  wont google translate suffice ? 
  no there 's great cheese made in sweden . 
  why is this subreddit so insular sometimes ? 
  it 's unbecoming . 
  what are you on about ? 
  there is great cheese in sweden . 
  this is pretty fucked up . 
  you mean bus\u00e1ras ? 
  yeah i avoided that one and went to connolly station instead . 
  why are they punishing an innocent man ? 
  i hope he goes to a ridiculous high pitch voice . 
  they are n't , so no . 
  both those names comes from roslagen , a place in sweden . 
  seems like they did n't know what that thing was in the north of ireland so they googled ireland . 
  hey serbia , wan na form the serbo-swedish empire ? 
  belgium out of northern denmark !, 
  [ about that ] ( http://hyperallergic.com/184422/dutch-soccer-hooligans-damage-historic-bernini-fountain-in-rome/ ), 
  it looks bad but tastes magical . 
  andorra was prepared for this , cunning . 
  ok who the fuck friended this guy ? 
  top of the list again !, 
  you can include the original , karl xii of sweden . 
  \u00d6stersund invented the sm\u00f6rg\u00e5st\u00e5rta , we should not have to worry about such a useless title as being in the middle . 
  i 'm homesick now, 
  that should mean less grassland . 
  non-controversial , i did n't know this was needed to be said today . 
  [ the picture ] ( http://b.bimg.dk/node-images/687/11/620x411-c/11687012-torben.jpg ), 
  nice, 
  i think even most israelis could get behind boycotting those scum . 
  shame that . 
  can be said about any criticism of israel . 
  this is why i do n't like him . 
  he 's very much like the other popes but everyone thinks he 's great . 
  at least pope benedictus looked like a sith lord , he was good . 
  yes !, 
  it 's a pint in paint . 
  i sure hope that 's the starting bid . 
  i 'm bored at work , drawing in [ paint ] ( https://i.imgur.com/klgyrfs.png ),
