  what about afghanistan ? 
  black bears are especially easy to scare away . 
  starving bears can also be dangerous , but you do n't come across those in northern europe ( except polar bears ) . 
  another bear that can be dangerous is a wounded bear , if someone has shot a bear it must be killed or it can be dangerous to any human it might encounter . 
  anyhow i think i 'd rather encounter a brown bear that is with cubs or wounded than a moose that is one of those things . 
  the moose is probably more likely to get rid of the threat by charging you . 
  i do n't dislike it but it can get a bit embarrassing sometimes . 
  bosnia, 
  i come from such a country too . 
  where are you from ? 
  ok maybe this is n't applicable for all countries in europe . 
  i really do n't think we 're talking about a large number here compared to all the other cases social security deals with . 
  i 've never heard of a problem with this in sweden and we do n't have homeschooling and a large majority of muslim kids go to normal schools ( most often the closest one ) . 
  so there will be an investigation , anyhow the parents will probably be sent to court for not following the process of giving up custody correctly and if they 're hiding the child it will probably be found . 
  compulsory school attendence . 
  if your kid is n't registered to a school social security shows up . 
  what kind of registration ? 
  i do n't see how alternatives would be worse in this case . 
  ban homeschooling and religious private schools . 
   so if a syrian walks sweden he now gets a temporary rather than permanent residence permit ? 
  it 's not clear how this is going to limit the amount of asylum seekers . 
  it 's the difference between securing a new life in a western world country and getting temporary safety . 
  [ jamtli julmarknad in my hometown ] ( http://www.jamtli.com/core/images/67/slides/slide_4123.jpg ), 
  ice hockey, 
  what can they learn ? 
  be anxious or not ? 
  funny i 've been called a rightist there too . 
  i guess to extremist cunts you 're always going to be considered one on both sides unless you 're an extremist yourself . 
  ivory coast is already there , this will cause confusion . 
  is there a reason why this gotso downvoted ? 
  maybe norway becoming swedish in the treaty of kiel . 
  they 're social conservative . 
  well deserved , the irish are friendly to me . 
  hello tip of the iceberg !, 
  not only will the situation for refugees in sweden get worse and worse every day if we keep this up , we 're going to fuck up our welfare system completely and create irreversible problems that will last for many decades and integration will be a forgotten word . 
  maybe , but i remember reading that high school surveys in the nordic countries showed that young men are more likely to have sold sex than women . 
  i agree with you but this is n't just a women 's issue , there are loads of male prostitutes aswell . 
  i live in ireland so i do n't think it 's possible . 
  are completely mental , thankfully not in parliament . 
  election results from over a year ago , ok . 
  source on that 90 %, 
  easier said than done . 
  it 's hard to bring in a new party in this political climate , our current situation has caused a need for strategic voting from the people so unless we become a collective hivemind it 's not something we can make happen tomorrow . 
  if you understand the problem i just explained you 'll understand that many are voting for sd out of desperation since no other party will have an alternative policy on immigration , they would most likely prefer other parties to rule with a more sensible immigration policy . 
  this is by far the most common reasoning for sd voters that i know . 
  why do people always make these comments ? 
  you do n't understand swedish politics . 
  out of 8 parties in the parliament , only one party is against this current immigration policy and that party is dodgy in many ways . 
  swedes do n't just vote on one issue , there are many reasons behind a person 's vote not just immigration policy so we have a lack of alternatives . 
  the problem is not with the swedish people , the problem is with the block parties ' stubborn unwillingness to collaborate with sd and their committment to the current immigration policy . 
  many swedes wants to see a change in immigration policy . 
  very few swedes wants the sweden democrats to rule the country with a majority . 
  we need to think about the future and accept that we ca n't take in this big volumes of refugees . 
  we need to let the ones we have a chance to integrate and not completely fuck up our welfare state . 
  we already had a housing shortage before the refugee crisis , young swedes who already had problem finding homes . 
  now we 've resorted to destructive desperate solutions like temporary tents for refugees who will eventually need homes when winter comes , the department of migration is renting mansions to convert to refugee housing and they 're hiring housing from private companies for aboslutley ludicrious sums and renting firms have given up stockholm flats for refugees that young swedes have been in queues for for decades . 
  it 's not sustainable and it 's going to grow a contempt against refugees among swedes , especially young swedes who struggle with finding jobs and a place to live right now and are the ones who are going to be the most severely affected by this . 
  i 'm glad we made it !, 
  should have used [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ep8eubi.jpg ), 
  what ? 
  this does n't sound at all like him just a few weeks ago . 
  belief in inherited and collective guilt is the same kind of bullshit ideas that nazism is built on . 
  fuck this kind of thinking . 
  who cares if some cunts wont forgive them , they still have nothing to feel guilty for . 
  uh we have among the most guns per capita in the world . 
  nearly 1/3 of the us . 
  who are the intolerant ones being tolerated ? 
  for some people the economical aspect is n't the biggest reason why they 're against immigration . 
  i 'm not sure we could ever live on the moon . 
  58 did n't even happen so we 're good . 
  oh i 'm stupid , they made it sound like only very rich kids are tuition free . 
  that guy represents all of germany . 
   inhabitants doubt whether it truly is halal lol fucking dont eat the meat then , noone cares about your religious restrictions here . 
  i bet they miss you . 
  the very rich kids are tuition free ? 
  why ? 
  what odd colour choices , it goes from red to yellow and then to fucking blue * then * green . 
  an album would have been better than a gif . 
  or more likely assyrian , syrianian or kurdish christians . 
  and a sad lamp . 
  all these social experiments nowadays . 
  i almost feel odd for not conducting a social experiment , i 'm going to pretend to be a buddhist monk on an lsd trip next week . 
  in delaware ? 
  we should order some tents from those turkish refugee camps , they look nicer . 
  as i said in my previous comment , it 's not just about sun ** hours ** . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://mars.jrc.ec.europa.eu/var/mars/storage/images/projects/solar-radiation-in-mcyfs/01_jb_radiation_b/13891-1-eng-gb/01_jb_radiation_b.png ), 
  i live in ireland , do n't really find them whiter than scandinavians . 
  i 'm not sure i believe that irish people are paler than scandinavians , that does n't sound right . 
  are you really sure that ireland gets less sunlight than the nordics in winter ? 
  it sounds very unlikely to me . 
  maybe if you count * hours when the sun is up * , but considering the nordic sun in the winter is very weak and usually a long sunrise/sunset it 's not exactly ideal for sunbathing . 
  it would be interesting to see a map of what european countries second biggest sport is . 
  i 'd say poland is the exception in central europe as ice hockey is very big in slovakia , czech republic , switzerland , austria and quite big in germany and slovenia aswell . 
  really all countries surrounding poland both to the west and east play a lot of hockey . 
  it 's been like this for a very long time . 
  ice hockey , it 's big in northern , central and eastern europe . 
  rugby is only big in western europe , so is field hockey and basktball is only big in southern europe . 
  handball is just kind of popular in many places . 
  this was a good thread , i was expecting worse . 
  she most certainly is white but she 's using the america definition of white which involves only northern europeans cause she 's likely a part of the twitter groupthink bullshit .
