you 're just assuming it 's human ? 
  typical . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can think of doing this , what does it accomplish ? 
  are they arrogant ? 
  has this bullying a blind kid story reached the media ? 
  man a whole city built just in the style of lloyd 's building would be fucking incredible . 
  the hungarian parliament building is amazing , just so majestic , another majestic building is [ duomo di milano ] ( http://www.truemilan.com/wp-content/uploads/duomo_milano1.jpg ) and [ the moscow state university building ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/moscow_state_university.jpg ), 
  that 's the monument for the battle of leipzig of the napoleonic wars is n't it ? 
  sweden : [ castle of gripsholm ] ( http://www.kungahuset.se/images/18.7d567ccd12609a2858d80004475/1390581418737/ext-grh-foto-dicknorberg-stl-718x284.jpg ) czech republic : [ the muncipal house in prague ] ( http://garystravel.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/municipal-house-prague.jpg ), 
  well neutral in the sense that we 're not part of a military alliance ( apart from the defence alliance the eu ) . 
  but they seemed to be talking about sweden so i assumed you were too . 
  if it turns out they were talking about a fictional country in a world that does n't exist it suddenly makes much more sense . 
  i really do n't care about this conflict anymore , the more you get into it the more you realise it 's absolutley hopeless , no side will ever get into to a functional two state solution and palestine is already doomed as a country , the more time that goes the further away palestine comes from being a country and we 've already passed the point of no return many years ago . 
  i do n't think you understand what neutrality even means . 
  sweden has peacekeeping forces in many countries and has been doing this for a very lonkg time , we 've also had forces in afghanistan . 
  being beutral in war does n't mean never intervening or not taking stances . 
  entertainment centre at ikea ? 
  whoever finds that and buys it deserve what 's coming to him . 
  when has this actually happened ? 
  especially canada , their percentage is even lower than ours . 
  i 've never heard of an anti-vaccine movement existing here , they might exist , i do n't know . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they 're there . 
  their food and their passion for football , i have n't been there yet but would like to go . 
  added a couple . 
  actually norwegian childbirth is a fucking mess . 
  norwegians are born with skis on so preferably you have to get them out first , and that 's not easy , right after the baby is born the father will take it deep into the forest and have it live with the trolls , a week later you go back into the forest and have the trolls not given him back he is unfortunately lost forever , if he is back he is ready to be a norwegian and gets a lusekofta which he will be wearing every day for the rest of his life . 
  i think they sort of grow with you in size . 
  honestly i also find it weird , were n't serbian fans chasing albanian players out of their stadium ? 
  both of these look really nice . 
  is that cloudberry on the first one ? 
  what is the plural of cheese ? 
  i love smoked cheese but have n't tried anyone that looked that good . 
  damn you now i 'm intrigued . 
  feta is fucking nice , i think i should try graviera . 
  i have tried that , and i liked it . 
  any certain brands you can recomend ? 
  personaly i like morbier , v\u00e4sterbotten , saint agur and mozarella very much . 
  no i took it from ** `` football fans '' **, 
  yes i do, 
  ohhh shit , i was so confused . 
  uh , where is this border ? 
  actually not too many years ago it was revealed that many of the submarines that had spied upon us during the cold war that we were absolutley sure were russian , were actually west german nato subs . 
  i know , so small . 
  you claimed they were not football fans because they 're hooligans . 
  they are football fans , just shitty ones . 
  you did n't even read my post did you ? 
  never have i claimed supporters should apologise for hooligans , i 'm one of the people who are most against that idea , i 'm even against the idea of collective punishment in the way that uefa punishes clubs with closed stadiums because of a few bad eggs . 
  you seem to be thinking that calling them football fans is an attack on football fans , that 's not what i 'm saying , i 'm completely against the image that media wants to paint of football fans as hooligans . 
  but the hooligans who go to matches are still football fans wether you like it or not , even if they think the `` matches '' outside of the stadiums are more important . 
  football hooliganism is very much alive here in sweden also , a man was killed earlier this year due to it . 
  what happened after that was that all other football fans came together against violence because football is a bigger force of good than a force of bad , but it 's not all good , let 's not kid ourselves . 
  no true scotsman . 
  we would have found mh370 before we found that sub anyway . 
  i think it depends more on how long the ideology behind it will remain relevant than how much time has gone . 
   this guy is bad at humour ftfy, 
  yes . 
  i 'm pretty sure sinking it is a last retort , they would definitely prefer being able to interrogate the captain and the crew instead of just getting lies from moscow of why it 's there . 
  would n't be allowed in sarek i 'm afraid , nothing with an engine is allowed unless it 's at least 2000 feet up in the air . 
  art nouveau/jugend is a favourite for me . 
  estonia is quite different from lithuania . 
  middle earth ? 
  i agree , although i think it 's quite shitty of the restaurant to go to media about a public person 's small tip . 
  i 'll accept this . 
  i 'm severely offended . 
  our coffee ? 
  i did n't know we were talking about national identity . 
  that 's getting a bit old is n't it ? 
  i 'm not even making a political statement , it 's just how it is , if you 're born in britain you 're british , no true scotsman does n't apply . 
  that would only be treason if you were chechnyan , if it was a country . 
  even if you 're a citizen of the country you 're spying on ? 
  apparently they were used to tips at several hundred francs , like 10 % . 
  16 and 17 bother me the most . 
  what do you mean with identity ? 
  you 're not less british just because you 're a muslim or support questionable organisations or even fight for terrorists . 
  you do n't even have to be at war with a country to become guilty of treason . 
  if you share state secrets with russia or spy for them and get caught you 're definitely going to be tried for treason . 
  i remember the king of sweden got in trouble years ago when he was in saint-tropez and only tipped 4 francs at a fine restaurant , i think the chef was dutch because dutch media was angry about it , we did n't hear much from france . 
  i guess there could be different expectations on tip from a normal person and a king . 
  is that a beer with the coffee ? 
  it was the red october . 
  ca n't we all just hug ? 
  you 're getting hubris over that one time you had a plane in estonia . 
  lol silly danes , seals are not submarines . 
  what you got against blue and yellow rossia ? 
  u-137 all over again . 
  now i want chocolate . 
  americans are used to [ these ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/sliding-door-open-dance.gif ), 
  what 's funny is that it seems like noone even suggested it . 
  fifa 15 wont have superettan , not buying . 
  this is now an awkward pm/president thread [ reinfeldt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiw4vfeqdek ) [ !, 
  ] ( http://annaherdy.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/reinfeldt-dans.gif ), 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking / r/europe represents the average european . 
  gibe debt germoney !, 
  do you mean heysel ? 
   to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention . 
  so the kurds want me to support any kurdish forces fighting is ? 
  is pkk among them ? 
  it does n't specify , it just says i must give support to kurdish forces and i 'm not going to just lightly possibly support pkk . 
  `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' - bullshit is a part of why the middle east is in chaos now and it 's certainly not moral .
