  it does seem way too high . 
  right , honestly i feel like the annual ticket seems a rippoff , bet most could get away cheaper just topping up when needed . 
  and normal top up leapcards include the luas and trains aswell . 
   sweden and israel have very bad relations considered in israel as an ideological ( not physical ) enemy swedish radical liberal multiculturalism and constant appeals to magical `` good intentions '' gets very annoying fucking hell , when this subreddit starts to seem to get better you kinda stop expecting shit like this then bam ! . 
  this wall of bullshit is the most shallow view on cultural and political relations i 've seen in ages . 
  annual for all of dublin ( bus only ) $ 1,320.00, 
  sounds good, 
  not sure i agree , direct-democracy can be just as scary as a lack of democracy . 
  you do n't think there are european values ? 
  fucking great game actually , kotor 2 was also good . 
  was there in 2004 , really cool place and it felt hidden away . 
  this picture hardly shows any of it though ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bespokeyachtcharter.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/kotor-e1422213975909.jpg ), 
  here the [ american cattle ] ( http://sourcefed.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/1682556-poster-1280-walmart.jpg ) patiently awaiting their shift to end so that they can start their second jobs in order to afford healthcare , what are holidays ? 
  would n't be surprised if we see the start of that soon . 
  well i kind of agree with this , christianity in scandinavia is for the most part really detatched from the bible . 
  i welcome this though . 
  the swedish church has been seperated from the state since 2000 . 
  who should do it then ? 
  the best meat i 've ever eaten was from a fj\u00e4llko . 
  did it get into the norwegian skiing team supply room ? 
  they 're detinitely a part of europe , ther westernmost point of europe . 
  this is why we kicked them out of the peninsula . 
  i 'm not really bothered . 
   even so if everyone woke up tomorrow speaking only one language i think you would still see bigger differences between european countries than between us places . 
  how could anyone argue against that ? 
  you do n't want to go to lucan . 
  when a country leaves the eu their chairs in the eu parliament are empty , the first country to come and sit on those chairs gets to be a member . 
  are we zick zacking it a bit ? 
  germany 's eagle always look so stylish though , especially on the euro coin . 
  it 's a very popular symbol in ireland . 
  there 's always shengen guys . 
  two countries in the north , must be comparable because i do n't know anything about them . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  tower is the remains of st. mary 's abbey , not a part of the castle . 
  like most pictures on r/europe, 
  trim , picture is taken from the view of trim castle . 
  that 's because they are all like `` i think war is bad '' . 
  i struggle caring what the pope thinks . 
  he is a massive populist himself , pretending he 's a `` new '' , `` good '' and `` liberal '' pope while having the same opinions as the previous pope , fuck off . 
  and uk continuing funding esa is n't necessary for the future of humanity 's expansion into space . 
  yeah even canada has a small part in esa . 
  but that 's like saying it 's more important to have a sandwich instead of going to work tomorrow because we need food to live . 
  well if you 're poor that spending goal is significantly lower in total expenditure . 
  is n't % of annual gdp expenditure a horrifically bad measurement for a country 's defence ability anyway , or even for its relevant defence ability for it 's gdp . 
  i 'm sure all national defences are run vastly different and especially the us model is completely different from most european ways to finance and run their defence and meanwhile many defence forces are spending money on catching up to modern standards . 
  maybe nato should come up with a better tool to measure defence ability and more countries would be willing to live up to it instead of the % of gdp spending line we have today that 's not even an actual requirement for membership . 
  not sure why we would n't be ok with german aircraft carriers tho ? 
  shit i work for hp . 
  love pierogis , in school i always loved the days when they served pierogis . 
  i think the sea borders account for where offshore wind power can be and the land borders are normal . 
  it looks like something from a pink floyd video . 
  we call them glasses . 
  but no buses go . 
  we certainly do , map is unfinsished . 
  quite sensible i would say . 
  seems r/europe is falling for clickbait headlines again . 
  that sounds like it will include kurdish fighters . 
  why for wine specifically ? 
  i ca n't understand what good reason there could be behind that . 
  pretty sure thailand is a swedish colony already . 
  we could get it done tomorrow . 
  it works the other way . 
  ah you 'd know of course . 
  we need to lower our trust of the written press . 
  ok why ? 
  how can trump dissolve nato ? 
  would n't nato keep on existing without the us ? 
  and sweden, 
  we could ask for all of norway, 
  some of us live there . 
  if we get trondelag fylke from norway . 
  germany has n't annexed austria , it 's still a sovereign country . 
  american looks like ben affleck . 
  you 're right there is no comparision , if it came out like that it was n't my intention . 
  i 'm just saying 100 % for a state 's actions is dangerous and irrational no matter which state it is . 
  ah fucking russia , you win again . 
  most of the world agrees they used overviolence on gaza , but i guess if they say otherwise . 
  how come you would have 100 % undisputed support for the defensive actions of israel ? 
  why is there no room for critical thinking ? 
  are they infallible ? 
  well i 'm saying what i 'm hoping for realistically . 
  israel is not going to leave the settlements . 
  when they left gaza the country was outraged and in absolute chaos , the idf had to use violence against the settlers and combat large protests . 
  almost every single settlement in the west bank is growing steadily every year in population . 
  in gaza they removed 9000 settlers who mostly moved to new settlements in the west bank ( total settlers on undisputed territories was increased that year ) , try removing nearly half a million settlers from the west bank , or over 800,000 from the west bank and east jerusalem . 
  israel wont leave the settlements because they ca n't . 
  definitely not surprised , they 've been doing this for decades . 
  it 's definitely not that simple . 
  how is this standard politics ? 
  amineh kakabaveh is a brave woman , she points out the issues in the suburbs that her party comrades dare not or does n't want to see . 
  she is the pragmatic left that the swedish left should be . 
  what if you lived in palestine ? 
  germans have no obligation to support anything . 
  if we truly want to leave fascism and racism behind us we ca n't accept collective and inherited guilt , those sort of ideas are fundamental in that ideology . 
  what fucking nonsense, 
  what he does is absolutley disgusting . 
  israel will never leave those settlements without war . 
  best hope for peace is now integrating palestine into israel . 
  there should be dill in sweden , doubt anyone uses it more than us .
