  were those men suspected of something leading to them avoiding the media ? 
  are you one ? 
  i 'm no polar bear expert but this looks more like a wet bear than a skinny bear to me . 
  well there 's a good point in having a vegetarian option . 
  anyone who does n't want to eat the meat dish could have that . 
  if they want to make a system where students can decide this in beforehand that 's probably practical for the school . 
  i feel the same , maybe it 's super fast but like wobbles a bit so it does n't get there as quickly . 
  i think we can add germany and denmark aswell , unless they found a portal to sweden in hungary . 
  in northern scandinavia around midwinter the sun never properly comes up in days , it 's more like a sunrise followed by sunset then darkness for the rest of the day . 
  you never go out just to have some cheap pilsners ? 
  alright , why ? 
  russia is eastern europe . 
  poland is southern europe , nordics + baltics is central europe , iceland is western europe and svalbard is northern europe . 
  i do n't think i 've ever carried a round on a tray , seems way more risky . 
  i think we 're talking about cheapest on tap here . 
  surely craft beers range in price an awful lot depending on the beer . 
  if in stockholm go to south of gamla stan or the outskirts somewhere else . 
  central stockholm and stureplan think they have `` great nightlife '' but it 's shit in almost every way and ridiculously expensive . 
   i always love it when british people call americans fat with a haughty sense of superiority ; do many people do this ? 
  i usually just hear it said as a joke . 
  i 've never been in the us so i do n't know how a normal town is like . 
  but those pictures you see of walmart with fat people on scooters , i 've never seen anything like that in real life . 
  we are the 55,9 %, 
  when irish people learn to speak irish maybe . 
  i think more like wales should be gold . 
   and the only time many of them interact with ethnic swedes is when they travel somewhere ** or have to meet with authorities for whatever reason ** . 
  yeah i think this is the most common one . 
  when the only swedes you interract with are job agency or social service people i can sort of understand that you 're reluctant to meet more . 
  i live in ireland and would n't want to live in a swedish bubble either , but going to ikea to eat meatballs and buy l\u00f6sgodis is something i enjoy very much . 
  even the segregated areas are segregated . 
  i used to live in r\u00e5sl\u00e4tt and it was a pretty ok place to live in except for the occasional fights , vandalism , robberies and burning cars and bins . 
  the buses also sometimes would n't enter r\u00e5sl\u00e4tt because they had eggs or rocks thrown at them . 
  the immigrants living there also live in a parallell society , they do n't interact with swedes , they watch the same tv as back home , eat the same food and live according to the same social rules . 
  it 's easy to tell because children often come up to you and bother you and their parents do n't do shit because they 're used to being able to expect strangers help raise their kids . 
  many of them especially the women since the men are often the sole providers if they are lucky enough to have a job do n't even ever leave r\u00e5sl\u00e4tt because everything they need is there . 
  i was unemployed for 2 years in sweden until i moved to another country . 
  sweden has both a massive housing and job crisis and i doubt it 's going to get better . 
  i think sweden should spend some money on advertising and informing about the real image of sweden and how things are here to remove the distorted view of sweden that refugees have . 
  sweden was close to germany back then . 
  sweden actually had planned to invade russia together with germany and probably the ottoman empire like the good old days but the war came too fast and involved the uk and france so it was decided that staying out would be for the best . 
  this is northern sweden , they 'll learn how to make moonshine . 
  outrageous , demand school moved 5 meters closer to you . 
  i walked 3,5 km to work this morning and will walk 3,5 km back home in an hour . 
  if it were n't for me we would probably be behind finland , those fat fucks . 
  why did you do that ? 
  i bet the us is quite low considering how much competition mcdonalds has there . 
  same for sweden . 
  for example domino 's has restaurants in iceland , norway and denmark but none in sweden . 
  kfc does n't exist in sweden either and pizza hut is not really that popular . 
   '' men are equal to women , unless it comes to marriage , then men have to suffer from women '' you should read up before posting to avoid looking this thick . 
  so is op, 
  ah good, 
  femen are completely different from twitter feminists . 
  no just edgy af . 
  looks good . 
  it was the 90s though . 
  ok , well while a fully agree with that i think it sounds like a clumsy thing to say . 
  personally i think it was great that he was killed but would have been better if he was caught alive . 
  if he agrees with that and had said that it should n't have ben controversial for anyone . 
  so the bin laden thing , what did he actually say ? 
  or refer to . 
  swedish people ! = swedish government, 
  do you get charged with human trafficking if you unknowingly smuggle people across the channel ? 
  well me too , but at least we could leave when we wanted to . 
  in case you 're wondering what a cell [ might look like ] ( http://hejahanif.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/svenskt-f%c3%a4ngelse.jpg ) . 
  if you think it 's like a hotel it 's more like hotel california . 
  also no internet . 
  but it 's just ode to joy is n't it ? 
  so many people going to space the site cant even keep up . 
  cool http://www.howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com/, 
  i 've never had a problem there . 
  that 's not how it works , people vote for other things than immigration policy . 
   the majority of the swedish electorate still wants immigrants . 
  source ? 
  i do n't mind it , i miss it actually . 
  i 'd rather have a proper winter than a slushy one . 
  lol i bet the americans say the same about you , canada has one of the lowest defence spending per gdp of all nato nations . 
  even sweden who are not in nato spends more . 
  the last few winters really have been mild , but you never know , one of these years a proper fimbulvinter might strike and then everyone is fucked . 
  when did sweden ask for them ? 
  why is housing so expensive here then ? 
  american politics is seen as very problematic in almost every way , sweden sucks up american culture like a sponge though . 
  i 'm kind of split , i absolutley love a lot of american popular culture , especially tv shows , but i dislike the forced americanisation that we have . 
  people overusing american phrases , certain american products being obsessed over just because they 're american and annoying hipsters trying to turn southern stockholm into new york . 
  how long do they have to live here until they 're allowed to complain about something ? 
  fight for who ? 
  it can be much better but still be hard you know ? 
  likely . 
  it 's not just the cold but the dark . 
  even for me who has lived in sweden all my life i have trouble adjusting myself to winter and get problems with insomnia and seasonal affective depression if i do n't go out in the sunlight during the few hours when its up . 
  is it really that easy every time ? 
  show me where i said `` pretty much all '' . 
  hang on , when did i say `` pretty much all '' what are you on about ? 
  `` unaccompanied minors '' is a refugee status that is being exploited by many people pretending to be kids . 
  let 's be real here , some of them are above 18 . 
   g\u00f3rale ( highlanders ) - greedy , would do and sell you anything for money . 
  very religious . 
  the highest concentration of them can be found in chicago . 
  well this pretty much exactly describes people from sm\u00e5land . 
  they 're greedy , the area is refered to as the bible belt , the highlands are there and it 's the area in sweden were most people emigrated to america .
