  sweden can not be that different from both denmark and norway to legitimize the discrepancy between the relevant results . 
  if they ca n't be that different why is n't even norway on the list ? 
  the shitty premise of yours that `` all the nordic countries are the same '' is an argument against your original conclusion that sweden is the mecca of sti . 
   ... and that 's not the case in denmark or norway ? 
  if it is , then i see no reason why you mention this . 
  i do n't think it is . 
   pretty much . 
  any outside factor , as far as i know , affects the swedish results just as much as it affects your neighbors ' results . 
  are you a bit thick ? 
  yes of course they would , but we do n't have the same laws , organisation of sex and health groups , cultural stigma or any other thing that could factor in in all of europe . 
  all countries are different . 
  in sweden you need ( according to law ) name who you 've slept with if you get an sti . 
  this could lead to people finding out they might have an sti and then seek advice for symptoms so this might skew the results . 
  oh what the hell , let 's just say there 's absolutley no outside factors that could skew the results in such an obviously flawless method of counting number of sti contractors . 
  hold on now , it says :  data from more than 3,500 sti consultations across europe shows that swedes ** seek the most advice for symptoms of stis ** , closely followed by germans and britons does n't actually say we 've got more sti 's . 
  just saying . 
  well a bit . 
  i guess it 's the associations you get when most of the time you see people dressed like this is if it 's an angry fundamentalist rally or something terroristy from the middle east in the news . 
  does n't seem to be that dramatic when looking at the graph . 
  that 's a big march . 
  but families with young kids are the most annoying things on the planet . 
  how would we even do that . 
  i do n't buy that we 're even near an overpopulation problem in europe , the opposite more likely . 
  what 's the `` open or neutral '' thing about ? 
  if a party is neutral why are they even on the list ? 
  your railways must all be absolute shit . 
  what no , all kinds of herring are ours . 
  i for one welcome our new russian overlords . 
  let 's say gypsies eat children . 
  is it still racist to hate their culture ? 
  or is n't it ? 
  if it is racist , is it right to be racist in this case or is it right to condone the eating of children ? 
  i would n't use them if they existed . 
  only in a hotel . 
  my dad supports hammarby . 
  my mum supports aik though , but she 's not into football as much so it 's not a surprise i got my dad 's club . 
  you should call `` ac '' milan , or `` ac milan '' if you must . 
  just `` ac '' just sounds silly . 
  also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_french_riots, 
  i do n't care if people wear burkas honestly , as long as they 're okay with being denied certain services and entering certain buildings or whatever that are either required identification for security reasons or for private preferences . 
  well i think you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  for me the state should be absolutley non-religious in every way , while individuals should be able to be as religious as they want as long as they follow the law . 
  people having their friends do their tests for them ? 
  how can you identify people wearing burkas ? 
  secular does n't mean you need to ban religion , quite the opposite really , secularism requires religious freedom . 
  however i get that school is different , it 's an environment that children do n't have a choice to not enter . 
  i personally think that banning religious things is taking it too far though . 
  france is going too far with the religious ban i think . 
  things should n't be banned because they 're religious , they should be banned in case they disrupt the education like a burka potentionaly could , or a non religious clothing like a gorilla suit . 
  i think it fits really well there . 
  what do you think looks bad ? 
  sure but not in the city centre . 
  my building is from the 50s i think , so it 's pretty new . 
  there was a proposal for the nobel center that i thought was much better , it fits better in with the environment and does n't demolish any other buildings . 
  i really do n't see any good reason to demolish anything in good shape from before 1900, 
  if you ever want to loan a car in norway it 's relevant . 
  is n't it all nationalised ? 
  fascinating to see the difference in how two oil rich nations ( norway and venezuela ) treat their resources . 
  i agree , personally i think early 20th century buildings are usually nicer than most 19th century buildings . 
  but it varies a lot . 
  they 're planning on demolishing [ this building ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tr2gwsd.png ) in central stockholm . 
  seems 19th century buildings are n't considered old enough to be protected . 
  it will make room for the new [ nobel prize cermony building ] ( http://www.nobelcenter.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/nobelhuset_nightview.jpg ), 
  looks like a low budget hotel . 
  she is sigrid bonde tusvik , things like this are kind of her gimmick . 
  the pilots had their day off , russia should respect our calender . 
  not sure if you know what you 're talking about , all they found was evidence . 
  would you suggest not teaching geography at all ? 
  lol ok why teach anything that 's easy to google then ? 
   they taught us all the european capitals though , boy that was useless . 
  why useless ? 
  they got a better question in that survey . 
  not sure that 's comparable . 
  there have been way more european leaders from the last 300 years than american presidents , and also much more significant to world history . 
  you can check individual countries on the link . 
  i 'm generally pleased with the answers from sweden . 
  looks cooler unfinished than finished . 
  actually this is probably just a really good photo . 
  what 's with bulgaria ? 
  i thought he was dead . 
  i hope so . 
  childish competitiveness was good for the space programs in the cold war . 
  same is probably true for many of them unfortunately . 
  it was about fucking time . 
  definitely not . 
  i think the only country that comes close to scandinavia in prevelance of atheism and lack of religion is estonia . 
  edit : oh yeah czech republic too . 
  because until recently most nordic people were automatically members of their state churches when born . 
  so yeah the problem with the data is that it shows completely different things for the nordic countries and the rest . 
  if you did n't count church membership as `` protestant '' in the nordic countries i 'm sure they would all be mostly grey . 
  good for them . 
  those islamist dicks should be the ones changing their name . 
  everyone has seen their posters now . 
  which king are they refering to ? 
  i wonder if they 've thought about changing that name . 
  i really love it . 
  lol how would the russians know ? 
  sweden never said it was russian . 
  it did exist . 
  yes,
