the reason the german guy said what he did was because under the nuremberg laws one jewish grandparent was enough , and thousands of those catholics with jewish ancestry have been killed for being jews . 
  hence him saying ` your identity wo n't help much ', 
  because they have a nazi past and want to get rid of it . 
  they 'll still be the same , but if you have a jewish friend , you totally ca n't be nazi right ? 
  on yom kippur people fast so that 's gon na give some trouble , but look up purim !, 
  nobody in his right mind would skip purim given the chance . 
  it 's considered obligatory to get shitfaced per jewish religious law . . not even kidding . 
  same is true for all of europe . 
  some hardy palm trees can be grown in the netherlands , and in the british isles as well . 
  now look at what latitude the netherlands are in north america ; north of montreal , which is far too cold for that . 
  there is a stereotype in israel of the polish grandmother , because polish-jewish grandmothers just wo n't fucking stop complaining about shit . . 
  lol , that 's some nice british revisionism , but in many of the camps people were just not fed , and the camps were for their protection . . from the british who burned down their farms and killed their livestock . 
  seriously , the british have managed to tell themselves it was a tactic of war , but many afrikaners know it was also part genocide , and those responsible in the camps that were n't just practicing internment knew that all too well . 
  the netherlands used to have a very accurate one , uk time plus twenty minutes . 
  the germans wanted amsterdam and berlin to share their time zone so they changed it during occupation and it just stuck after . 
  well they standardised its spelling a few years ago and have since replaced german as a dachsprache so not anymore to be precise . 
  they use it as the netherlands use dutch , though many still write standard high german . 
  everything south of the rhine was always majority catholic , whereas above was majority protestant, 
  last time i checked catholics are the majority in the low countries . . 
  i know this , so ? 
  that idea only came to exist as an identifier that means ` not-roman , not-latin ' . 
  their national identities were more akin to their tribal ones , as the tribes waged war among each other on those lines . 
  things probably differed as well , the german identity was something with strong support in the south , whereas in the north only in time the protestants followed the idea . 
  remnants of this are still found among lutherans in my country ( still using high german bibles etc ) . 
  i think it 's mainly the netherlands ' high degree of wealth and early independence that caused us not to be germany today . 
  when is something a german dialect ? 
  dutch is low frankish , and very similar to the dialects of the ruhrgebiet , but within the netherlands saxon ( plattdietsch ) , limburgian ( ripuarisch ) and frisian are all spoken . 
  across germany varieties on frankish , saxon , allemannisch etc are all found , with varying degrees of high german sound shifts . 
  where german ends and dutch , or luxembourgish begins are wholly political statements really , as is the standardisation that occured . 
  germans often pull everything towards them by declaring every language variety a dialect of their own , but that reinforces this idea that standardised high german is the one true language , which is hogwash . 
  they are all germanic language varieties from the same cluster , but low saxon , afrikaans , dutch , luxemburgish and yiddish are all languages in the same way that frisian is not english . 
  i 've heard they put the article in the front in some places in western denmark though , along the coast where frisians were . 
  i 'm dutch so we have actual saxons in the east/north-east , and one fully frisian province frysl\u00e2n . 
  i 'm from nijmegen so we are the end of the rhinelandic region , and the dialect is more like in cologne rather than niedersaksisch , the start of which lies just slightly north of the rhine/waal, 
  before that people were frankish , saxon , frisian etc. 
  hell , the saxons and frisians here still identify as such . . 
  under that definition the dutch and flemish are german , as are the luxemburgish , fuck that jazz, 
  mate ... you 're greek , you had the same bullshit debacle not so long ago . 
  and i 'm not the right tree to bark up , i voted in favour of the treaty . 
  fucking nationalists though . . true that . 
  the cause of this is that russians killed their farmer class because they basically still practiced slavery , and then did the same in ukraine while this was not the case there . 
  the ukrainians thus saw a systematic murder of those who farmed the land and produced food , without much of an argument as to why . 
  they had hundreds of thousands walk into the desert as a means to eradicate armenian culture and presence from the ottoman empire . 
  that 's systematic mate, 
  the european powers pushed atat\u00fcrk to pursue the pashas sentencing but the moment they backed off they stopped going after others who were involved , though . 
  and the problem lies with the current country of turkey denying that the ottomans systematically cleansed out everything armenian in the east , so i do n't see how it matters . 
  it 's true that both turks and kurds were involved though , but how does that help ? 
  what the fuck though , here in holland the media will always stand by it being a genocide , which is simple fact . 
  how can other eu memberstates bend so easily ? 
  everybody except turkish denialists do . 
  meh , education in the uk is crazy expensive for instance , it 's easy to find points where the countries you named perform better , but there 's also points where our performance is great . 
  people there do n't really live fundamentally richer/better lives . 
  comparing on a global scale we 're all just part of one crazy rich western european block, 
  hey i did my part mate, 
  green houses yes , but also importing vast quantities of fodder for our livestock industry from latin america , and we 're very big in seed and seed potatoes , both of which are quite expensive . 
  people are when it comes down to politics, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/0pkqf2z.jpg ) is what i meant . 
  we produce many capital intensive agri goods ( flowers , seed potatos , we 're the largest producer of bacon in the world , lots of dairy , etc. ) . 
  by caloric worth no way , as we 're small , but weighed by capital we 're second . 
  plant and animal breeding are also two areas which are absolutely huge here , so that brings some extra visibility . 
  uk a better housing market ? . . 
  germany higher wages ? . . 
  allright mate, 
  why would you consider all of them much better ? 
  the netherlands are the # 2 producer of agricultural goods in the world by worth , after the us . 
  so that 's fairly significant no ? 
  wageningen ur is regarded as one of the best unis for agricultural studies in the world as well . 
  we stopped trying to get the moral superpower award , although it may at times still look like it, 
  the electorate that can be arsed to go out and vote will vote against every time , you 'll see, 
  the edit you wrote was enough mate , it 's better to ignore him than to bring out an ad hominem as that gives him legitimacy . 
  what a great argument !, 
  depends on where one is really , what did you find ? 
  pfew !, 
  i knew that about 10 % was jewish so i thought they would be the largest , but til . 
  will be reading up on the history of poland !, 
  fair point , that 's why i said minorities in my first post , was n't attentive enough when replying !, 
  it 's my own background so i just know more about them , and as such they pop up in my mind faster . 
  i think they were the largest minority though pre-war ( in poland i mean ) . 
  well obviously !, 
  about half of drug crime in the us is weed-related iirc , and here in holland it 's ( practically yes but not quite ) legal , and as such we do n't suffer from the crime they have in the us . 
  i can just grow my own plant , smoke my own stuff , and eat too much . 
  an american can get robbed/killed or incarcerated over the same substance . 
  yeah , jews had it very rough in much of eastern europe , attitudes which i 've noticed are largely pervasive . 
  i just meant that the minorities themselves did n't make the society more dangerous by themselves, 
  meanwhile i 'm dutch and we had 136 murders last year on a population of 17 million . 
  america whatthefuck . 
  well , prior to wwii poland was much less homogenous and that did n't make it more dangerous by itself , but you know wwii happened, 
  you kind of forget how most married women did cover their hair for all of the past one thousand years at least , until the twentieth century . 
  many grannies i 've known did . 
  just not total cover + more colourful . 
  most people killed by da'esh are muslim so there is that, 
  we do n't pay subsidies to states that have an association treaty with us . 
  and an economy in upheaval is actually one where the potential of growth is largest , but whatever, 
  i 'm dutch mate, 
  i 've spoken to french wine producers who actually added romanian wine to theirs , it 's anecdotal but it happens in both countries probably . 
  and my grandparents had a house in burgundy , and now my parents do . 
  my aunt lives in the south ( near avignon ) . 
  spending most of my summer in burgundy should count as having visited a real wine-producing region , no ? 
  :') the larger farms are actually quite modern as far as french agriculture goes , but the problem with isolationism and subsidies is that the moment they are lifted your competition has progressed so much that you can never get on their level , and to an extent this is a problem france is facing today . 
  have to compete head-on , or lose .
