  he was born in the town of stratford-upon-avon . 
  he wrote many nameknown plays and is thought by many to be the best writer ever to have lived . 
  in his lifetime , his writings were played at the globe theatre ( in anglish , world playhall ) , which he owned . 
  it is a stuff of moot that some plays under his name might have been written by others . '', 
  while archaic in places - it 's clearly the basis of the english language still, 
  holland holds 23 british permits - it was n't illegal fishing in british waters as far as i know, 
  as a dutchman that would piss me off so much - fishing stocks are finally starting to look sustainable again in the north sea only for the bloody british to fuck it all up again for everyone, 
  well , about eighty percent of common vocab is still germanic ( iirc oliver twist has about that percentage ) . 
  more formal vocab is heavily french-based but those are n't necessarily the words you use in small-talk, 
  not according to your constitution no ? 
  :p but i agree irish folks are really nice, 
  i think you underestimate the size of the financial industry in the uk - but we 'll take it lads, 
  why 'd you want either ? 
  i like having all these freedoms though , granted . 
  out like the uk or ... ? 
  and luxembourg , norway and switzerland , 
  american ? 
  wo n't find kashering salt here in europe . 
  not in any supermarket anyway, 
  you 're right , i 've found it 's very easy to spot americans just by their walk and mannerisms , while they hail from all over . 
  give me a picture and my guess would be based more on genetics - and thus more error-prone, 
  as a dutchy , i think that one is plausible . 
  the british are considered a special kind of ugly here . 
  easy too , so they have that going for 'em . 
  implying other european powers did n't hold clout all over europe . . by no means an empire at that time, 
  because the eastern roman empire was never part of the roman empire ? 
  strong people , climates that enable animal life are for pussies . 
  in turkey the prostitutes already did it for some time ( even the old testament has a passage where a woman dresses in veil to avoid being recognized as she goes out to prostitute herself , so it 's a common enough practice for the me ) . 
  mandating it really sent the message of ` if you do you are a prostitute ' which lead to the devout dropping it first , out of fear of humiliation and the prostitutes following as it did n't serve them anymore . 
  hence , burqa free turkey . 
  but not for long , alas . 
  well , the british isles were inhabited by celtic nations ( of which the cornish , welsh , scots and irish are still around - as are the bretons in france ) and at some point there was a germanic expansion which pushed the saxons and the franks towards the shores where frisians , angles and jutes lived ( certain frisian groups later merged with saxon groups and hence the saxon part in anglo-saxon ) . 
  those shore-dwellers took to the seas and colonized what is now england ( and later danes/vikings settled in the danelaw ) . 
  old english and old frisian are almost impossible to distinguish to the layman , and frisian is english closest living relative . 
  norman french and norse later influenced the language further . 
  dutch is basically standardised low frankish , in the east and north of germany low saxon is still spoken . 
  standard german is an amalgam of high frankish/saxon/allemannic . 
  swiss german is allemannic too . 
  so that would be the tldr of the west germanic languages . 
  no but i mean since your flair says catalonia , what 's ur opinion on secession ? 
  how do you feel about that ? 
  thanks for the answers mate  funny some see reconstructed as somehow false , we used it obviously as learning modern greek pronunciation rules would be a bit funny if you 're learning attic ( though we discussed ionic at length when reading homer ) . 
  and yup , i ocassionally get modern greek words and it 's surely pretty close to the classic variety , but that does n't make it easier for a dutchy lol . 
  the comparison of dutch and english is actually pretty apt , as 1300 years ago they were basically still one language . 
  well , we have several levels of secondary education . 
  the highest has latin and ancient greek , i learnt from class 2 ( so like 14 y/o ) to 6 ( 18 y/o ) . 
  i dropped latin in class 3 but some dropped greek so they had only had 2 years . 
  my greek is generally rubbish though it 's given me a strong grounding in how languages function , etymology of languages and culture . 
  some simple bible stuff i can still read a little but it 's a hard language . 
  modern greek is crazy to me , that language went through some change ( not to say dutch is totally the same as some old germanic language . . ) edit : do all greeks learn ancient greek ? 
  what kind of curriculum do you have ? 
  do you pronounce upsilon differently when you read ancient greek ? 
  cool , i 'm dutch so all this is high school stuff for me !, 
  shame there is so little interest for regional languages in europe - though it 's been increasing in most countries for a few years now . 
  are you a spartan ? 
  well yes but both are ionic whereas doric greek was a different language proper . 
  doric has just gone extinct with the exception of tsakonian - which arguably has merged with ionic a long time ago . 
  remove russkies, 
  this was literally what i was going to comment . 
  to the letter 0 . o, 
  hey could we join ? 
  then we can take back ostfriesland and schleswig holstein and form a north-sea union, 
  maybe they thought arabs would be as intellectually productive as the jews were ? 
  there 's a lot of dutch farmers looking for places in europe where they can buy farmland , an economy would be up and running in no time at all, 
  in yiddish towns that are now polish are still called their ukrainian names , polish towns by their german ones , czech ones too , and amsterdam is mokum . 
  what gives . 
  - though unironically calling kaliningrad koenigsberg in english is a bit much imo, 
  just repatriate the russkies ? 
  i mean there were definitely different grecian languages , but all that remains now is standardised greek with some dialects having strong influences of formerly spoken languages . 
  tsakonian today is moribund and the only descendant of doric greek - arguably a different language . 
  then there is also black sea greek and caucasus greek , but these i believe are actually closer to standard greek than tsakonian . 
  i mean , only the baltics and poland would really be fucked so i guess that 's worth it no ? 
  i think they imply it is neither, 
  the thing is that the roads in flanders are basically that until you hit france . . 
  reread the comment, 
  theo van gogh was murdered in 2004 tho, 
  2am in a heavily bangladeshi street being harassed by weird guys did n't feel safe to me . 
  near bevis marks so pretty centrally in london . 
  that said london was generally fine too , just not quite like amsterdam . 
  berbers speak tamazigh , a language in the afro-asiatic language family , the same as coptic/arabic/hebrew / somali . 
  if you are okay with music you could look up hindi zahra - orsoul for a nice song in the language . 
  edit : but some varieties of berber are denoted with different names so ` berber language ' is commonly used in english or berbers in dutch, 
  you get it mate , and no worries about the terminology . 
  i have lived in kuwait as a kid so i 'm familiar enough with arabs to know their culture ( and i mostly love it ) but i see how the moroccans here get a bad rep - though the elderly are just friendly folks as well . 
  it 's a shame , but what are we gon na do about it ? 
  btw i like how your clear formatting matches your username lol, 
  fair point, 
  dutch people generally expect nothing short of full assimilation of migrants and imho that 's bothersome . 
  as another dutchy i agree with you that their community is well-integrated , but their teens and young men cause a lot of trouble all over the country and it ruins their reputation . 
  i disagree , most dutch moroccans are functional citizens of the netherlands who speak dutch and as a community they have some infrastructure set up that communicates extensively with the government . 
  it 's mostly their teen-aged group that causes a lot of problems so it is clear there is friction in some points though . 
  what does integration mean to you ? 
  i 've noticed many dutch people expect nothing short of full assimilation but the two are not the same . 
  75 % of dutch moroccans are berber, 
  the difference is theological as well . 
  christianity holds that the old testament was given to israel at sinai but the new testament is merely the story of jesus as written down by multiple people . 
  so to them the first is divine but the second not exactly ( though ` divinely inspired ' ) . 
  muslims on the other hand believe the koran to be divinely given as well , and as such it must be the literal and infallible word of god . 
  as such a vast majority of muslims do think the koran is 100 % literally true , because thinking otherwise is apostasy . 
  but still possibly unrelated to the organisation that is daesh , so then the attacks are kind of like masturbating in front of the computer as well,
