  as for tech , need i remind you that a far larger proportion of industrial activity here exists as small and middle sized companies , as us policy heavily favors corporations . 
  but whatever, 
  we do have ` vernederen ' which is to humiliate someone/something, 
  socially ? 
  no d66 is def closer to gl . 
  economically they 're closer to vvd . 
  that 's why i said if they 're able to constructively make the policy more progressive klaver might go for it - otherwise probably not . 
  i think d66 is bigger here on reddit , though gl supporters love to be vocal about klaver on here . 
  it 's a shame the media are bashing klaver left and right , it 's definitely taking its toll in the polls it seems . 
  they 're being very effective at doing so , not sure where you got the idea there is n't a wide-spread language death going on all around china, 
  oooh shit i removed it hope i do n't get killed by a band of roving lithuanians :(, 
  not all socialism is authoritarian to begin with . 
  there are ails that come with having a capitalist economy , equalizing the distribution of wealth and making sure social mobility is enabled by universal healthcare and education makes for a better society . 
  but hard-line leftist ideologues outside of western europe tend to be highly authoritarian , which sucks regardless of where one falls on the political spectrum . 
  well then the difference is in the intent . 
  they very clearly aimed to destroy their own native culture to achieve ` liberation ' . 
  that is anti-semitic , obviously . 
  they murdered large groups of russians and ukrainians too , for varying reasons . 
  i 'm not from eastern europe and do n't know how close the experience there was compared to say , the cultural revolution in china - where they tried to eradicate all pre-revolutionary culture . 
  if this was attempted in russia then i would call it anti-russian as much as i call their policies anti-semitic . 
  it 's just that i 'm only really aware of how jewish communists aimed to destroy jewish * culture * . 
  makes no sense to polder the sea , get over it and go to the sea every once in a while . 
  besides , would n't it have a ringmeer anyhow ? 
  no whining , out with the water , in with some glorious polder, 
  depends , if he and the d66/pvda are able to make an impression on the policy that actually reflects as socially progressive he might - he 's certainly not going to do what the pvda did . 
  we do n't have those here , they are reserved for our yearly migration !, 
  ( most dutch people have them in storage away from their homes ), 
  in the middle-east plenty of people never really use the gregorian calendar however . 
  reintroduce ` gh ' and we 'll consider it, 
  mate we 're in the same boat . 
  personally i think joao is one the funniest names in existence, 
  honestly that ` shitty farm land ' would be entirely devoid of soil-borne pathogens and as such prime land for the production of all kinds of goods that must be disease-free , so sold at a premium . 
  it could also really help with the ever-continuing expansion of amsterdam , and the money generated with all that would easily cover the cost of upkeep of the old centre of amsterdam . 
  imho , the markerpolder should be constructed . 
  in dutch it just means low countries , with a connotation of humility if you dig into it ( nederigheid ) . 
  what 's the connotations in danish from ? 
  time to dry that shit . 
  you have an orange dot !, 
  it appears to be the effect of paris sucking in innovation , look , it 's almost a circle !, 
  * brought to you by the cda *, 
  your confusion is language-wise . 
  guangzhou is cantonese-speaking ( but it 's being killed of by beijing ) and so the name came to be . 
  today cantonese is mostly associated with hong kong as they try to keep it as their official language . 
  beijing will kill it off there too however . 
  or this is probably where a lot of prostitutes came from in that time , lol, 
  you do n't like the grouping like every baltic person ever but it is clear the baltic and slavic languages split from a common ancestor and as such have more in common than with sanskrit or latin . 
  i get it , you guys hate russians but that does n't make the linguistic grouping any less valid . 
  linguistically galician is a part of the portuguese language rather than the spanish one , so they 're not wrong . 
  on the other hand spanish is full of arabic influence , but somehow it just feels closer to italian - even if french historically is closer . 
  another factor in this may be that the french basically adopted one of the most heavily influenced northern dialects as their standard . 
  occitan and catalan are basically the same , and provencal has considerable overlap into italy . 
  yeah ich has at least three or four pronunciations depending on where you are in germany lol, 
  wait is definitely related to germanic ` wacht ', 
  nice anecdote , frisian people usually disagree . 
  they find it quite easy to read english ( without studying it ) while other germanic languages are harder . 
  as are frisian and low saxon in the netherlands , but they are n't official languages of the eu, 
  not more than say tunisia , however, 
  it 's literally on the coast of tunisia, 
  that 's because you 're swedish . 
  there are actually countries where breaking down the internal control mechanisms of a government have disastrous results . 
  could happen in sweden too but today the west is just too rich for that . 
  younger people are more interested because they have the luxury to look back and be nostalgic about their languages , their foods , the places they came from . 
  remember , most of those original migrants had less-favourable memories locked in their brain . 
  and while danish or dutch jews may have had fond memories of their countries , their memory of europe was anything but . 
  have fun on your trip !, 
  april is a nice time to be there , 
  oh generally that is true . 
  there was however an aweful bit of self-hatred going around among those jews who saw liberation in communism . 
  they realized that tossing away the yoke of their religion , its laws and isolation would mean that they could become truly equal . 
  they tried to convince their communities that there was a way for them out of poverty and pogroms , all they had to do was rise up and help establish a communist state . 
  the jews however held to their traditions and felt no need to suddenly assimilate under the guise of ` liberation ' . 
  there had been so many before who tried to get them to do that in one form or another . 
  in return those jews who did break away and became communists tended to hate their fellow jews , to the point of them frequently not identifying as such or changing their names . 
  that 's what i said, 
  do n't worry about being offensive , and jews generally have a good relationship with indians simply because we were always welcome there ( little known fact , there have been a fair few jewish communities in india , look it up ) . 
  antisemitism has many different causes in europe . 
  the first and foremost is that they have always been a community of people who lived together and were different . 
  this means that the locals would inevitably blame them for whatever problems exist in society . 
  look at the us today where an indian techie gets shot for ` taking our jobs ' along with some hateful racial nonsense . 
  jews are recognizable , not just by dress and hairdo/beards but even when they wear the same clothes and shave . 
  they are originally from palestine and while there is some diversity and they have mixed a bit with populations wherever they were , they are usually darker ( in european terms ) , have black or red curly hair and facial characteristics that are clear . 
  you are probably able to determine whether someone belongs to some ethnic group or another in india right ? 
  say someone from the east towards bangladesh versus someone from the north-west or southern tip ? 
  but as far as clothing goes , google ` chasidim ' and you 'll see how most eastern european jews looked like until the second world war . 
  another factor is that for a long time catholics could not loan money to/from each other , so kings were happy to have some jews around so they could finance projects or wars . 
  but to keep them in check the jews were not allowed to own land , live outside a small part of the city , they could not become woodworkers , tanners , brewers , butchers , etc. 
  there were many restrictions , so they became merchants travelling from city to city and they loaned money . 
  often people didnt feel like paying off their loans so they 'd blame jews of something and they 'd get chased out of the city by the peasants . 
  anyways , ask me anything if you 're curious . 
  about the thread , it 's important to note that until the sixties jews were not considered ` white ' in the us , there 's been a bit of a shift in attitudes about that . 
  and that has everything to do with how common antisemitism was there too . 
  the altneye shul is so cool , i think it 's something like staronovasynagoga in czech ? 
  it 's also the oldest gothic structure in eastern europe !, 
  in krak\u00f3w i walked into a bar to find its walls adorned with paintings of hebrew writing , lions of judah and paintings of jerusalem . 
  i 'd already bought a beer before i noticed and it chilled me to the core , since we had just spent the entire day in auschwitz . 
  but as someone with a jewish background ; yes all this is harsh because it is a testimony of great suffering - but one we overcame . 
  if our memories had been erased then the nazis would have won . 
  just my opinion mate . 
  i visited krak\u00f3w recently . 
  some experiences gave me serious chills but i 've come to seriously appreciate the friendship jews and poles have shared as persecuted nationalities .
