  the only alternative is for french people to stick to drinking french wine exclusively , but unfortunately people vote with their wallets eh . 
  on the other hand , so would the spanish if the situation was reversed . 
  that 's why i personally oppose the recent amendment to the laws on referenda in general , it just makes the retards crawl out of the woodwork . 
  if innovation is not the problem , then they can easily match spanish prices no ? 
  i actually study plant science and spend all of my summers in france and the state of their agriculture in general has only just surpassed medieval standards , and their response to growing competition has always been demanding that the government impose tariffs and subsidize everything . 
  i am dutch , hence me getting sensitive over it , as the amount of apathy over a very serious situation is sickening . 
  i also really do n't see my politicians disregarding this referendum unfortunately , which the pm has affirmed today already . 
  but we will see . 
  that 's because i know plenty of my political opponents , they 're borderline retarded labourers who follow whatever geert wilders says without giving the treaty any thought whatsoever . 
  they were also the only people i saw at my polling station . 
  i love how some random finn thinks a native of a country can not make accurate estimations of what 's going on in his country , it would be sad if it was n't so hilarious at the same time . 
  maybe it 's because finns are too autistic to engage in debate with people they know , or it 's just because they are raging fascists . 
  i really do n't know . 
  they might consider adopting modern agricultural practices . . 
  well , they could consider adopting modern farming practices . . 
  honestly , all this was about the dutch sticking it to the eu , nobody i 've spoken to who voted against knew jack shit about the treaty , while most people i polled were in favour but did n't vote . 
  lose lose all around . 
  sorry this happened :( :( and obv i voted in favour, 
  same here , fucking retards . 
  want the article ? 
  you can put it through google translate for a quick read . 
  luckily none of our money would go into said pit so what the fuck is your problem ? 
  it makes me sad too ( as a dutchie ) , nationalists here abused the opportunity to organize a eu-related referendum , and have literally stated they do not care about the actual treaty , but they just want to destabilize the eu . 
  as such for most people the referendum might as well have asked '' eu yes or no ? 
  '' , though that question might have actually attracted some yes-voters . 
  here 's to hoping that my government disregards the referendum , as they can . 
  fuck those fucking fascists who came up with this idea , and sorry this happened :( also i actually went out to vote yes yesterday , obviously . 
  they will not become eu any time soon , nor is that what the association treaty aims for . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  consider the agricultural potential for a second , there 's so much to gain for us, 
  and that has absolutely nothing to do with the vote , although it 's basically people 's retarded reasoning when voting no . 
  idiots , all of them, 
  people assume it 's about the ukraine becoming part of the eu , or do n't even care enough and voted no because they dislike the eu . 
  if only they knew we have these treaties with a plethora of countries that will never ever join the union . 
  if you 're dutch , you should know this is the case . 
  as such it 's a mockery of democracy . 
  i 'm dutch and he 's definitely right , believe us or not , but come on , look at the turn-out . . 
  the people organizing the referendum have literally stated they do n't care about the treaty and just wanted to destabilize the eu , and people have voted out of disagreement with the internal structure of the eu , people here do n't care about the treaty and know nothing about it , the issue was just piggybacked and that 's fucked up . 
  what ? 
  we have a freaking treaty like that in place with south africa . . 
  this treaty can only make us more money, 
  let 's sure as shit hope so . 
  this vote was never about the association treaty itself , people just care about the eu, 
  what ?!, 
  they have a bloody civil war , deposed a pro-russian president and turned towards europe because the people legitimately want freedom and the chance to progress , and now we vote ` nah fuck off ' . 
  of course they are more fucked than they were yesterday , and it 's a bloody disgrace . 
  i was being cynical but i know man . 
  i 'm jew-ish and know some fine polish folks  edit : but i must add that seeing how much antisemitism remains in eastern europe saddens me deeply, 
  across eastern europe . 
  when i was in prague my only thought was ' i knew many assimilated in amsterdam but holy denial batman there 's a lot of jews here ' . 
  the story of the high-ranking jobbik politician comes to mind as well . 
  but the symbol is legal so they 're not nazis !, 
  - poles , apparently, 
  the thing is , my statement is nonsense logically . 
  the eu has no one center . 
  when the russians consider the baltics their sphere of influence it 's a russocentric and essentially imperialist statement . 
  when the baltic people choose for the eu it 's a consolidation of their identity being the identity of their country , and other eu countries will defend them being part of that pact of freedom and peace . 
  while russians want to turn it into a russian land while negating its native culture . 
  the baltic is eu : it 's our sphere of influence if anyones . 
  a significant part of that intra-nordic trade has rotterdam as a hub , though, 
  do n't underestimate , many of us in the west consider the territorial integrity of the eu as holy . 
  to fuck with you is to fuck with us, 
  broadly , dutch people hate the military and everything that comes with it . 
  i do n't think this is the result of anti eu sentiment ( though that also exists ! ), 
  okay i 'll admit i honestly do n't know much of the situation . 
  i just noticed their languages are the same and was wondering why there seems to be so much resentment . 
  so if you could give me a simple explanation that would make my day , 
  holland too , 
  woops good catch . 
  not that that means much i guess - but i 'm not gon na start that discussion with moldovans lol, 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/12/world/europe/12iht-letter12.html this is a decent article . 
  problem is that you ca n't really gather statistics on this sort of thing in eastern europe . 
  that the dutch government is confused about what terminology to use in dutch does n't mean autochtonous is suddenly not an english word anymore . 
  but it 's a problematic issue . 
  you ca n't equate the majority germanic/celtic descended christian white dutch people to ` native ' as that would immediately exclude loads of people who may have been for centuries or millenia . 
  meh , i hate this kind of stuff , but i 'm not in favour of the language police either . 
  he 's a good guy and not saying it exactly , but they 're almost entirely roma . 
  just like how dutch people are high up on the list but it 's mostly non-autochtonous dutch people . 
  romanians however have a fairly strained relationship with their large roma population and are frustrated that their name is bad abroad because of them . 
  even mexico !, 
  oh no man , i 'm kind of a leftist liberal , or just confused . 
  far right fervour just fucking scares me . 
  looked them up , crazy degree of antisemitism , not even seeing the sheeps clothing lol, 
  america is a nation of immigrants so everyone can become american . 
  the other way around it 's not really achievable for an american to truly become chinese . 
  this was a guy who felt culturally german but became american not because he wanted to but because he could n't be jewish and german according to the germans . 
  so yeah imho a bit of a moot discussion , people are whoever the fuck they want to i guess, 
  like everyone , but to see actual communist parties being popular in western europe . . 
  meh , he was jewish first . 
  if i 'd become israeli i 'd still be dutch though , and while einstein became american formally he also never ungerman-ed himself culturally . 
  i mean , he spoke german as a first language and preferred it over english . 
  self-identification is a thing and i do n't really care who claims who . 
  nah he was german by birth , just a sad coincidence that the most famous german ever lived was one that the germans tried desperately to destroy . 
  ah my bad , i did n't click the link so i thought you implied he was from greece or turkey given the map !, 
  true but the classification makes little sense . 
  same for homer being from turkey . 
  yeah sure he was born there but it also was n't turkey . 
  oh well it 's an interesting map i guess, 
  seriously , fuck those people . 
  just imagine the western wall has great significance to more than one culture . . oh the abomination .
