  ah , got it , not quite the beacon of democracy, 
  it 's actually become far less relevant in recent years with all new missile technologies . 
  as far as some players are concerned mad is not a problem - while it obviously is, 
  how 's azerbaijan then ? 
  and keep on keeping on , you guys are really a light onto the region !, 
  finishing my degree first chaver , but i think i 'm out after that . 
  the references made in those two write-ups are both regular scientific sources . 
  most kids get a vitamin k shot directly post partum to increase coagulation and lessen the chance of hemorrage , in the west at least . 
  but i thought you were actually interested , shame . 
  uhm , that 's actually not true . 
  jews hold all mitzvos ( laws ) equally true and applicable . 
  the misunderstanding arises easily though as there is no high court since the romans destroyed the temple in 70 ce . 
  fucked up and already outlawed ? 
  they 'll just have it done by a mohel in antwerp . 
  absolutely unacceptable and without medical merit nor religious obligation to anyone ever . 
  seriously man , fuck this thread . 
  and then people wonder why so many of us make aliyah in recent years . 
  oh you know , maybe the clear unwillingness to even try to understand anything of a nation that has lived among and contributed to european society for two thousand years to subsequently nitpick on a custom that has proven medical merits . 
  fucking ashkenaz man i want out of here . 
  you 're referring to this custom of removing blood orally which has been fazed out in europe in the 19th century - which is currently done still in a handful of communities . 
  say westborough baptist style deviation from the norm . 
  there is no such thing as not wanting to be jewish as it is a nationality first and foremost . 
  whether or not one is religious is something completely different . 
  how can it be that global health ngo 's advise in favour of circumcision for its merits and still all of europe is up in arms over it ? 
  the thing is that circumcised males have far lower rates of penile cancer , urinary infection and a lowered chance of contracting std 's - the practice clearly has some medical merit . 
  and i 'm not arguing against a reductio ad absurdum . 
  [ here ] ( https://sepetjian.wordpress.com/2012/06/12/anticipated-discoveries-of-the-bible-circumcision-the-8th-day/ ) is a quick explanation but it 's obviously a religious blog . 
  [ this piece ] ( http://apologeticspress.org/apcontent.aspx?category=13&amp;article=1118 ) provides some references and basically states the same . 
  i remembered 120 but the blog above states prothrombin/vitamin k levels are at 110 % on day eight . 
  either way you get the idea . 
  if there was a sanhedrin ( high court ) and the accused and the witnesses all met the standards then yes they would . 
  as the romans destroyed the temple we can not at current time create a new sanhedrin . 
  near all rabbinical opinions hold that the authority for the re-establishment of the temple belongs to moshiach ( the messiah ) there can not be a high court at current time . 
  that said the laws and punishments are all considered valid . 
  edit : also stoning is not the same as what we see in islamic practice today - not even similar . 
  and a sanhedrin that would execute a handful of people over the course of a century was already found bloodthirsty and dissolved - this has happened before . 
  the legal requirements for such a verdict were so high that almost no-one ever was actually put to death . 
  it 's a nationality that one is born into , you ca n't unjew yourself . 
  it 's a communal plight to make sure boys are circumcised on the eighth day of their life . 
  anyhow if denmark bans the practice then men will just have it done at the earliest possible time . 
  fine with me as there is a talmudic precedent that deals with such matters . 
  no , at least in judaism it is clearly required of men to be circumcised . 
  this has been done on the eighth day of a boy 's life for thousands of years . 
  it 's a custom that has always been at the forefront of the clash between hellenic and jewish culture and has been banned hundreds of times already . 
  today the world health organisation especially recommends it for the third world for medical benefit , but that 's irrelevant to why jews do it . 
  they do because it is a law , simple . 
  they do n't have to be religious later in life , but a jew is a jew and jews are circumcised upon birth . 
  i have a jewish background and obviously such a commandment does not exist for us , nor could i envision a reality where the creator of all would ask of mankind to wed those are not of a sufficient age . 
  either way , i 'll roll with it since it could be any other hypothetical religion . 
  we have this principle of ` torah im derech eretz ' which boils down to ' a law must be fulfilled unless a law in the country prohibits it , and a jew is subject to all duties his state asks of him ' . 
  this means if the danes prohibit circumcision it 's religiously okay to not do it upon birth - they 'll probably rule that it must be performed at a later age still ( but then the man can decide not to if he is not religious ) . 
  now if your hypothetical group who marry children choose to live in denmark they must obey the laws by which danish life is governed and they will be free to marry at the youngest age legal under danish law . 
  the beauty of liberal democracy is that they can always give up their nationality , and with eu today they could even move wherever else in eu without giving up the danish nationality . 
  anyhow you get my point . 
  i know that practice and it is still done in some communities . 
  the mohel removed blood by sucking it off , which is most obviously an unhygienic practice by modern standards . 
  since there is no law saying it must be performed all sane communities cut it out the minute it was evident it did more harm than good clinically speaking . 
  jews perform the circumcision on the eighth day of a boy 's life exactly , it also so happens that this is the only day in a human 's life when clotting factors are at 120 % . 
  just after birth they are lower than 100 % , and after the eighth day they drop to 100 % again . 
  i 'm very curious how many of those deaths occur in the jewish community before their rights are trampled upon . 
  most orthodox jews have it done by a mohel , someone who does this for a living and they followed stringent rules of hygiene before that was even a thing in western medicine . 
  now a mohel does it in a hospital environment because state 's like that , but the setting would be no less clinical were the state to make it illegal . 
  source : have a jewish background that said , i have no idea how these things are in the muslim community . 
  fmg effectively prevents women from experiencing sexual pleasure whereas the same is not true for circumcision . 
  it is also known that circumcision lowers the odds of contracting std 's . 
  agree or disagree with the practice , but they 're not the same at all . 
  i guarantee you orthodox jews will do it anyway . 
  they did it in soviet russia , they 'll do it in denmark lol . 
  democracy should never become a tyranny of the majority . 
  have a poll and see what the affected minorities think of the practice - those men are fit to judge their own ` trauma ' , no ? 
  antisemitism is being opposed to the jews as a nation/race and their practices , whereas anti-judaism is being opposed to the jewish religion . 
  hitler and luther both wanted the jewish nation destroyed , but hitler was an antisemite whereas luther was against judaism . 
  they both proposed genocide though . 
  having a jewish background , try me . 
  because that is simply not true . 
  ` maybe we should ban a defining tenet of your faith ' ` you anti-semitic shits ' ` lol fucking zionists amirite ' more like keep it classy europe . 
  have a poll among the minorities afflicted and let 's see if it 's not just the ethnic majority banning a custom the entire minority supports itself . 
  but it should dictate our liberties . 
  that said i feel an uncovered face is both the bare minimum and maximum the state may desire of people in public . 
  i mean , you can see it 's a joke right ? 
  we were for a long time , that 's the thing . 
  in the province of zeeland ( sea-land , get it ? ), 
  many villages still have gates which are purposely built to aid in barricading the town to keep the sea out in case of a flood - and many old men remember having to help out when it did n't work . 
  there 's a town that has no inhabitants , all that remains is a church tower next to a dyke , the rest is underwater now . 
  they even put up a sign with the name of the village along the road there !, 
  not the whole truth . 
  we actually build far too little green energy plants ( such as windfarms ) compared to denmark and germany . 
  in my gemeente there was a plan to build a few wind turbines and it got shot down due to public disapproval . 
  the problem is that this is happening everywhere in the netherlands . 
  there 's a lot of people preventing more wind farms being built , though . 
  unfortunately we 're so democratic that their voice matters :(, 
  full circle ay, 
  well , he could not-approve ? 
  i have actually heard it argued that israel is purposefully trying to win over the far-right ( through their conflict with the arabs i guess ) to split the far-right so that they do n't pose a threat anymore . 
  my theory is that given enough free time some looney is bound to connect the dots between jews and something he hates , but this particular example is fitting lol . 
  one example off the back of my head would be whether the eu settled on the ` european federation ' or ` european community ' in a lot of its laws - the latter becoming practice due to uk objection to the use of the word federation . 
  well brexit at least made people across the eu scratch the back of their heads and think about what the eu is . 
  i 'd say in this regard it benefitted the eu, 
  was n't there a vote on creating an eu/schengen border guard a few days ago ? 
  i mean that 's step one for immigration reform at least ( as we might then review our migration laws and refugee treaties on a communal level ) .
