  i do n't know what to tell you, 
  well yeah , but how that translates into permanently changed biochemical pathways in humans is what we want to understand , 
  no it was performed by them , it 's a yiddish classic . 
  originally from contemporary poland or ukraine most likely . 
  it 's just that their recording was better , by any means there 's few recording artists who make yiddish music today in europe . 
  personally i like polish ` libelid ' but they are less traditional . 
  we 're talking auschwitz here . 
  they were all ss , not drafted soldiers . 
  they chose to be there . 
  they were oppressed by the russians in every way . 
  read up on the holodomor to see just how great the soviets were in ukraine, 
  well there has been some interest of food and public health scientists in whether being food deprived for some time like in a famine extends the average lifespan , expect to hear something about such research in the next years . 
  i like how he opened a candy shop in israel after the war though  edit : also it 's interesting to note that many ashkenazi jews live to exceptionally old age . 
  whether this is due to genetics or lifestyle is an ongoing debate . 
  cool , medina is land in hebrew . 
  that 's why dutch jews call the netherlands outside of amsterdam ` de mediene ' , which is also the most amsterdam thing ever . 
  damn people always think the world ends outside of amsterdam, 
  how about vvd ? 
  bayt zhe mir , a classic yiddish folksong that 's played at weddings and the like . 
  enjoy !, 
  us dutchies are a lot closer to scandinavians than french or italian people though, 
  yeah until you visit lille and the flemish parts of northern france , they 're way closer to dutch culture despite having a romance language . 
  so it depends, 
  southern france has its own culture too though . 
  having family in french belgium and the provence i 've always felt there 's a bit of a border just below macon, 
  well eastern europe has some underrated food too . 
  pierogi is awesome, 
  just a few days ago i saw a group of survivors at auschwitz . 
  my local synagogue only reopened in 2000 , and they 've only begun rebuilding the ruins of jewish infrastructure in eastern europe . 
  yiddish culture was at the brink of extinction and has only survived due to the continued work of the chasidic community , but it 's gon na take a lot more to pull through . 
  what exactly should i forget about ? 
  that 's what we call brigading . 
  most of us were here a year ago , and we saw those comments too . 
  stormfront types try to work all kinds of fora, 
  / r/communism is far-left , this sub is hardly left of centre . 
  keep some distinction, 
  you do n't need to adhere to any specific dogma to be religious . 
  if one observes certain rituals to feed their spirituality they can be considered religious . 
  so how people identify mostly depends on what they consider religion . 
  the soviets had state capitalism since way before then , though, 
  implying they had that under the soviets !, 
  western wealth comes at the cost of inequal distribution ( creating the image of wealth which is a lie ) and exploitation of labourers , as well, 
  similarly , the crazy coincidence that the oldest man alive today was liberated from auschwitz at age 46 . 
  unbelievable, 
  maybe one in eight auschwitz personnel were put on trial , it 's insane how many of those who should have faced justice were allowed a comfortable life, 
  which is european bison . 
  i just got back from krak\u00f3w , in the cities as well . 
  the smog was horrible, 
  i agree . 
  the thing is , if we do n't give refugees citizenship ( rather a ` refugee status ' ) then seekers of opportunity will stay away ( mostly ) . 
  i 'm speaking about the syrian situation specifically, 
  which is not an issue if you do n't award them citizenship , and then people without proper motives would also stay away and people would be more sympathetic towards those who try to survive the war ( while also not costing us too much money . . ) . 
  it 's what i prefer but not the point i was trying to make with regards to our process and the amount of support it has ( which may backfire in march and yield us a pvv with power ), 
  i was speaking from a european perspective here , not trying to misrepresent the dutch situation . 
  i also understand that there are people who agree with me in government and working on it , my point was rather that the problem now is not so much helping refugees as long as necessary , but them never going back to their own societies and the ease by which people who we do n't particularly need here become citizens . 
  for the latter there is little popular support , so if we want to stem the rise of the far-right , things have to change . 
  unfortunately people are being seduced by ` build the wall ! ', 
  style rhetoric already . 
  surely he would want to rule with pvda again but they are being punished by their electorate so wo n't be as large as in this government . 
  a shame imho , this gov did some really good work . 
  i do n't think that all parties working together to disregard the fact that the pvv has won will set a nice precedent for our democratic process and more pressingly , do anything to stem the growth of the far-right , however . 
  i really really hope that anti-trump sentiment influences our voting come march . 
  yeah , our token pro-eu party that has been demonized by populists for years wanted that . 
  ` elitist europhiles ' was the sentiment i believe . 
  this eventually shifted to ` why dont you act , have you no power ' . 
  so now we build a collective border guard . 
  fucking people i swear . 
  the thing is , people support helping refugees . 
  what many do n't support is giving them citizenship . 
  the reason it 's hard to give them a refugee status that allows them to work here while not receiving too many social rights etc to eventually repatriate them is that it would contradict our existing laws . 
  this is something that should be worked on but somehow it does n't happen . 
  it 's insanity to just allow millions of people to become citizens here . 
  look at the arab world , jordan has a huge refugee population , does n't mean they are allowed citizenship . 
  i was talking about the krulbroodjes to your south !, 
  how are the prices vs. average wages in hungary ? 
  i know a smallish house that 's part of a row ( so not standalone ) will run you about 250 000 here with 40 000 being a decent wage . 
  around 200 000 for an apartment and about 300 000 for a standalone family house . 
  with the wallonians outnumbered like that i think it 's reconquista time baby !, 
  that of the netherlands is higher when you exclude our huge inland sea made lake , the ijsselmeer . 
  if you exclude wallonia and the dutch rural north than i 'm pretty sure we rank a higher density than rhine-ruhr . 
  anyhow on the whole they 're the same in practice . 
  edit : by this i mean that the rhine-ruhr and dutch/flemish population density have grown out of the fertile soils of the rhine delta river flats . 
  we 're crowded because it 's very fertile . 
  later sea ports and industry helped . 
  and really the rhine-ruhr is in the low countries geographically , it 's just not typically viewed as such due to them being in germany . 
  it 's wrong . 
  the 411 figure does n't exclude internal water surface , which is large for us due to the ijsselmeer . 
  to be fair , they share more culture with us than we like to admit despite the language border . 
  they 're more dutch than provencal for sure . 
  if only they were n't all crazy communists . . 
  suburban homes are made out of plasterboard there , rather than stone . 
  or ticky-tacky , as the song puts it . 
  suburban homes are made out of plasterboard there , rather than stone . 
  or ticky-tacky , as the song puts it . 
  in europe most economies are driven by industries and thus innovation , not extraction of raw materials . 
  it 's why we are so much wealthier . 
  the only way a resource based economy leads to a rich population is if the population is also small . 
  have you driven the latest model ? 
  it 's larger than old golf 's were . 
  yeah , in europe polo is compact , golf is n't,
