  no american ford models though , and opel is a german manufacterer in the gm group, 
  euro teslas are built here in holland iirc . 
  i see several every day too , they 're seeing some proper growth, 
  in my experience americans have a different idea of good mileage because gasoline is roughly 1/3rd in ny of what it costs here in holland, 
  vw is pretty fucking reliable here in europe though, 
  yeah . 
  gasoline is $ 1.57 per litre today here in holland or if i did the math properly 6.283 dollars to the gallon . 
  thus why american companies do n't sell well here lol, 
  for most fast american cars this is true in a straight line , american cars tend to be horrible as far as handling goes . 
  the new corvette is actually an exception to this and performs great on track as well ( whereas the older models were surely part of the american tradition of handles-like-a-boat ) . 
  i am yet to find the origin of this but german cars here in europe are very reliable while i 've heard many americans complain that they are unreliable . 
  parts are also pretty cheap here in holland . 
  edit : as for repairs and parts it does n't help in the states that german cars have metric parts so tools have to be as well . 
  this is why american and british cars are a real pain to us here in europe as well . 
  yeah do n't get me started on american houses . . 
  look up anything on finnish wiki then , 
  their economy will rebound but they have no innovation whatsoever as their entire economy centers around the extraction of natural resources, 
  well , if you 're talking skeletons in fields and woods across the country probably cambodia/laos . 
  otherwise probably some early industrialised nation with a high population density like england or the netherlands , but most of them will be in graveyards in urban centres . 
  a friend of mine was in cambodia recently and there 's places there where bones are resurfacing in the killing fields . 
  really eary to be in a field just surrounded by human remains glistening in the sun . 
  i was just pointing out another use of the germanic word walha in defining outsiders . 
  there 's still a lot of dutch and flemish people south of the waal though , but in roman days they were roman citizens while those to the north of the border resisted and eventually btfo'ed the romans . 
  the actual language border was a lot more to the south though , so large swathes of wallonia and some northern france were indeed germanic then . 
  i think you are however conflating celtic and germanic ancestry , which is more prevalent in france , the alps , the british isles and a lot of central europe - though often alongside a pretty large portion of germanic ancestry ( england and the former danelaw in particular ) . 
  look at the root words of almost all wallonian towns and you can guess that the language border was way further south in medieval times . 
  but on the other hand there was more of an area where both lived simultaneously as well , with frankish being a nobility language ( so their towns etc were often named in frankish while they might have had plenty of old french speaking townfolk ), 
  i know , i 've been and saw how german the czech republic was in many ways , but if a dutchman walks around in prague he 'll hear a slavic language and thus consider the place eastern europe . 
  my wording was less than perfect though . 
  people here also do n't really acknowledge that a central europe exists tbh , they still carve up europe in east and west , cold war style . 
  here they are considered eastern europe because they are a part of the slavic cultural area, 
  maybe jswipe lol, 
  keep him away from jews and poles though, 
  brussels is not the capital of wallonia, 
  lol , the frenchies should give back nord pas de calais back asap, 
  have you never been to holland ? 
  our roads are as busy yet they 're among the best in the world, 
  carolus magnus is assumed to have spoken frankish which is actually not french at all , as it is germanic . 
  hence also the dutch portion of the rhine being the waal , dividing the free germanics from the roman empire, 
  franks more like , not saxons, 
  as long as they support israeli antiterrorism lol, 
  an uzi is an israeli gun so there 's not much to translate there, 
  being in holland , i feel this is so far from how our government actually approaches our muslim populace i do n't understand how this is such a common sentiment on here . 
  maybe it 's different elsewhere in europe but it 's not what i see generally . 
  playing on your special snowflake identity , but it 's all good , i loved sardegna when i was there, 
  contrary to the circlejerk israel has had loads of politicians that supported the establishment of a palestinian state on the west bank plus gaza , but since the politicians of the pa as well as hamas in gaza have always demanded the dissolution of israel and for palestine to be free of jews including the land which is now israel proper , i kind of get why they 've not gotten anywhere . 
  currently they do n't have politicians interested in solving the issue though , it 's a shame . 
  arab israelis have a lower birthrate than charedim so there 's that . 
  palestinians however have a slightly higher one . 
  so meh . 
  that 's the main issue , yes . 
  given , arab states do not have a shining track record of keeping the balance between religious groups if you allow islamism to fester . 
  lebanon tries hard but even they have had plenty conflict . 
  i share your dream though , it 's the only way out in the end . 
  the palestinians in the rest of the arab world should be allowed to become citizens of the places they live in though , it 's not realistic to create a one state solution with a roughly doubled palestinian population , i think . 
  two state is most popular for sure edit , to add onto that . 
  my point was that those who favour one state generally think arabs should be full citizens, 
  they often are reasonably well off though, 
  actually old greece , i vote ionia and constantinople though, 
  so slav , even your borders are stabby, 
  how about / r/humanporn, 
  that 's because france took some, 
  and tunisia, 
  i mean there 's always sardegna , they try at least ? 
  which is what loads of israelis want . 
  most people who want all that west bank clay also want the palis to have passports . . 
  depends , probably not if they would expell all the french speaking people and give it a high degree of autonomy , in the long run at least, 
  around 60 % of the population in the alsace can speak elsaessisch while 2 % of young children can . 
  tldr most stayed but they 're assimilated now , only old people are living proof of the regions culture and they 'll all be dead soon . 
  got ta love cultural imperialism . 
  also i did n't make up those statistics but would have to look for the source , they may overestimate the percentage of speakers though ( not sure what the sampling method was etc ), 
  south and east francia , france is west francia , the franks were from the low countries , frenchies just took the name, 
  christians believe he was literally god in the flesh, 
  jews and muslims both believe god is absolutely indivisible and absolutely one and as such the christians are the odd one out ( and not monotheists according to both jewish and islamic tradition ), 
  jews and muslims both believe god is absolutely indivisible and absolutely one and as such the christians are the odd one out ( and not monotheists according to both jewish and islamic tradition ), 
  i ask because dutch is essentially a low franconian language variety , then there 's central franconian in germany all along the rhine down to frankfurt and then beyond that there 's high franconian in franken . 
  it struck me that the people in franken still identify with the name of the ancient tribe ( unlike us dutchies ) , and hence i wondered if this was actually also the case in other places where germans speak franconian dialects . 
  also , hence the similarity of the dialects of cities like k\u00f6ln and aachen with dialects in limburg or south gelderland . 
  the main difference often being differing degrees of the high german consonant shift . 
  it 's not as if high and low german split and then formed dialects . 
  there was a sound shift across the south but some dialects there are more related to dialects in the north than to other southern dialects despite perceived commonalities , you get what i mean ? 
  like how low franconian in the netherlands has some of the high german shift ( mainly ik -  ich ) in limburg , and then shifts further towards k\u00f6ln , but it 's all still franconian . 
  there 's low alemannic , high alemannic and upper alemannic as well . 
  in a similar vein , there 's been saxon dialects that have experienced the high german sound shift , and those that did n't . 
  the high german of the bible luther translated was very much based on a high saxon language variety , but it 's commonly known as ` high german ' . 
  retroactively german speakers tend to project this merged germanness onto low saxon , and view it as a dialect of german , or worse an offshoot of german while it exists entirely in its own right . 
  high saxon does , there 's saxon dialects that have the high german sound shift . 
  obersaechsisch comes to mind . 
  it 's mostly considered ` high german ' , though . 
  some dialects are franconian , this includes the netherlands and much of the rhineland . 
  some are low saxon , this is the northern coastal plain . 
  some are allemannic , both bavarian and current allemannic are derived from this group . 
  standard high german is mostly a mix of high franconian , high saxon and high allemannic . 
  disgusting is a bit much . 
  they were an occupying force destroying our country , so they had to be destroyed entirely . 
  if the occupation was illegal who cares , 
  yes it was sad fascism took germans that wanted nothing of what happened , but fascism had to be destroyed entirely , these people were heroes because they were willing to die to free europe . 
  fortunately there was nothing legal about the war germany started and to top it off they broke every international convention in the book while they were at it so i 'm glad my government chose to not give a fuck . 
  people involved in killing such animals should be celebrated . 
  perfect !,
