  i think einstein is a bit sad considering he gave up his citizenship voluntarily lol, 
  well , conversely most jews on that map had little affinity for the national identities associated with their birthlands today . 
  stuff like that just changes over time . 
  you know jesus was a jew who spoke aramaic as a native language ? 
  by another genocide at the hands of the turks ? . . 
  hey now , go easy on tel aviv :(, 
  great coastal union when ? 
  i mean i can read/understand danish pretty well , so we 'd just have to reconquista wallonia and germany a little ? 
  hit or miss , my 50-something parents are both fluent , as is my grandmother . 
  other grandparents were abysmal but two of them could carry a conversation . 
  nee it is sweedskduvel !, 
  holy shit is wallonia unironically a communist colony or what ? 
  putins daughter lives here in nl so yeah . . 
  that 's how we feel about english too , especially the frisians, 
  you realize that most of the turkish populace descends from ethnic greeks who went through linguistic assimilation ? 
  arguably a large part of them descended from other ie groups who had been hellenized prior , though . 
  but saying it 's the greek version of history is a bit silly given that their dialect had a greek substratum , hinting at the language they spoke before the adoption of turkish . 
  belarus can not into yields , potato must lay low in fear of dictator . 
  only average yield allowed lest farmer overtake president !, 
  this may not happen . 
  well it 's not like a thing most people are aware of but it 's how i and most people i know open a car door . 
  no i can imagine , logan looks fairly shitty ( though the last one is starting to look like a car lol ) . 
  my mom has the duster and it 's basically a renault koleos , and both stand on a nissan frame actually . 
  really like the car myself, 
  most european jews would rather not be confronted with millions of antisemitic refugees , trust me . 
  on the other hand people sympathize especially with the plight of minorities such as syrian christians and yazidin . 
  problem is that whenever stuff like this happens antisemitic incidents go up exponentially and it concerns us . 
  sounds like a whack-job , but as a dutch jew i must admit that hungary is the only european country remotely close to arab levels of rabid antisemitism . 
  sucks because i really like hungary . 
  when i was in dublin past february you could smell the brown coal people were burning to heat their homes . 
  i thought i was in russia or something . 
  dacia duster is one hell of a car though , 
  it 's true but the japanese get plenty of cold weather and they have many plug-in hybrids already, 
  are they ? 
  why would that matter even ? 
  so total assimilation is what integration looks like ? . . 
  but yeah i like how north america in general is not so insistent on how people are ought to be . 
  us is changing in that regard . 
  yeah okay . 
  so then the netherlands is still somewhat denser . 
  i mean i hate but we get to be numbah wan, 
  we are great environmentally , especially considering how fucked our pop density is . 
  the parent does n't like how crowded it is here, 
  randstad-ruhrpott is mostly one area though , with over 25 million inhabitants easy, 
  they are in the netherlands . 
  houses in belgium are like twice the size on average, 
  we really just want the perfid albion to die already . 
  jews tended to flock towards extreme ideologies be it turkish nationalism or communism like moths to the flame in those days because it kind of sucked not to be a citizen , not to be able to own land or a business , not to be able to hold a profession other than metal worker or diamond cutter etc. 
  anything that promised equality under the law was the greatest dream imaginable . 
  know the song ` over the rainbow ' ? 
  like in the wizard of oz ? 
  written by an american-born russian jew . 
  little known fact , but it quite aptly captures that longing . 
  assimilation to the local culture is often important to non-religious jews . 
  the writer of that song is known as edgar yip harburg - but he was born isidore hochberg . 
  hence also the double names of those turkish nationalists . 
  d\u00f6nmeh are muslim , and were back then . 
  before that they engaged in blatant idol worship and following a self-proclaimed prophet . 
  before that some of them were actually jewish . 
  funny though that even today turks insist d\u00f6nmeh are jewish . 
  edit ; which you mention in your comment , just my 2c . 
  never knew the georgians used aramaic too !, 
  is a lot of your liturgical music in aramaic ? 
  jews do still study aramaic as well though , as most of the talmud and other commentaries are written in the language . 
  not to mention the traditional song ` had gadya ' ( hebrew would be ` gedi echad ' ) which is sung for passover . 
  it certainly has parallels to hebrew . 
  i actually did not know the eastern church used aramaic as it is mostly used by the descendents of groups that used to speak it ( so jews and some arab christian groups ) . 
  very cool , 
  how do i not know who you are talking about ? 
  also ibadi in oman are cool . 
  they 're like 80 + % of the population there . 
  you start with nurturing the idea that they are not turks in germany , but turkish-rite muslim germans . 
  once that happens social change will happen soon enough . 
  also how they tried to ` reform ' judaism, 
  i mean unless it 's acid . 
  no harm done but damn that kid in deep . . 
  not if those are retreated by the us ? 
  but the american incarnation of the dish was, 
  yeah . . about that . 
  a large part of the antisemitism of the first half of the twentieth century was due to the jews finally being allowed to study and work freely . 
  not long after they had managed to become like half of the medical and academic community of central and eastern european countries . 
  this lead to the mistaken idea that ` the jews are taking over our country ' . 
  they were n't immigrants , but before then people did n't see them at all as they were forcibly confined to their shtetls only to be used as a scapegoat every once in a while . 
  almost all of german jewry had converted to the liberal/reform rite prior to the war as they thought that now they were no longer the nation of israel : they were germans of the israelite faith . 
  the one time they tried to integrate themselves into this german identity we all know how it ended , which is what i was hinting at . 
  why would austria become multiple states ? 
  bavaria is pretty big too . . 
  just in time for france and england ~ ~ to go full nazi ~ ~ take back their sovereignty and so the pale of settlement can be rebuilt . 
  full circle !, 
  only if you fuckers give back ostfriesland . 
  i mean you either look silly or the entire nation tries to crush you with all its might and rains down all of its resources on you as to permanently wipe you from the face of the earth . 
  not much in between though . . 
  kind of like burgundy importing artists from the low countries, 
  western turkey through egypt is near east , baghdad is middle east , china is far east, 
  we 're talking about the modern idea of a nation here, 
  in the middle east national identities existed in their current sense 2000 years ago at least - nothing new indeed, 
  if austria is the villain of 2017 how can poland be the villain in ' 18 ? 
  that 's not how it works, 
  wait is n't , comes from old english wacht . 
  here 's a sample text excluding any non-germanic loanwords : `` william shakespeare ( christened 26 april 1564 - died 23 april 1616 ) was an english leethwriter and playwright wide thought as the best writer of the english tongue , and as the world 's foremost playwright .
