  post-brexit i think we should give it to the irish, 
  just inquisize until basque, 
  it will all be a greater frisia . 
  dutch frisians and dutch low saxons more like really, 
  jokes on them , they 're * all * frisian now . 
  i 'm not sure this is a good thing . . 
  they were taking linguistic/cultural regions into account as well , though i will agree they are n't entirely logical, 
  there 's also the dutch zeeland, 
  except the dutch , actually . 
  well some would argue against it but it 's fairly irredentist for both the dutch , the frisian and low saxon people !, 
  edit nvm why is brussels in langue d'o\u00efl fuck that, 
  and ostfriesland , fuck it we 'll unite the coast from kales ( calais ) to sk\u00e5ne, 
  poland was lucky though as they got the eastern half of germany , so they just moved over a bit, 
  no the stateless russians are allowed visa free entrance, 
  the russians can apply for citizenship but wo n't . 
  many think papa putin will reconquer the baltics . 
  that they 're stateless as it stands . 
  yeah i was mistaken , i said koine but really we learn attic here in holland , slip of the tongue . 
  but yeah that 's what i meant , cool beans , 
  man why do people eat that stuff ... 
  was referring to koine greek really , it 's been well-attested , but waaay back lol, 
  well they can compare the many dialects and sub-languages that exist ( ed ) , the grammars of the time as well as the way non-greek words and languages were transliterated back in the day . 
  in the time of ancient greek many languages in the near and middle east have been recorded in the greek alphabet , each using gamma for that sound . 
  in addition to stuff like how greek was transliterated into latin . 
  let 's say that while many languages are difficult in this regard greek is so well-attested that they can make a really decent approximation . 
  you can never know exactly of course , and there 's plenty of debate , but not really on something like how gamma sounded . 
  well they 're also a franchise so i do n't know how consistent they are . 
  i know they have only a few places , in nl , israel , north-eastern us , apparently germany as wel, 
  ah , yeah i remember it was like g in goal in koine greek times , so i assumed it was like that still . 
  there 's been more phonetic innovation in greek than i expected - though it makes total sense, 
  the entire eu disagrees . 
  i 'm not sure about uk but people here assume it will be dead in a few years as turkey , the us and uk become increasingly isolationist, 
  eh yes you are . . and if other states agree they can leave too . 
  you ca n't join an integration and redefine it along the way, 
  lol such bs, 
  same in holland but our trade is fine, 
  we in western europe have made a lot of money developing eastern europe , and it gave those countries the opportunity of growth . 
  it 's not like we 're just shoving money into poland . 
  your reasoning is just deluded, 
  that 's free trade not a single market, 
  only brits think like this that 's why the uk has to sod off asap, 
  so you 're just going off-topic entirely ? 
  she is the representative and she was elected after the referendum . 
  wait greek does n't pronounce it as the g in goal anymore ? 
  yeah i have and nah fam i 'm good, 
  or shmalz , which is rendered chicken fat ( \u05e9\u05de\u05d0\u05dc\u05d6 ) commonly used on deli meat sandwiches in ny . 
  pastrami on rye with mustard and shmalz , noms . 
  here in holland we usually have d\u00fcr\u00fcm, 
  yeah we also grow the real og shit here but it comes at a real premium . 
  dutch tomatoes are grown year-round and the industry came up with clever ways to maximize yields ( currently 20x average italian yield per square foot ) but this does nothing for the flavour . 
  however , the same technology can and is used to grow the best tomatoes you 've ever tasted - people just dislike the price . 
  i 'm dutch but of jewish ancestry so i 'm not that tall either , i feel you man . 
  what many dudes here consider a normal meal is easily 1.5 x my meal . 
  sporting a lot is what keeps me in shape lol . 
  your username disagrees, 
  a lot of greek-origin names that ended on polis turned into bol/pol , however, 
  not browner than italians or greeks . 
  which is why many that are not from northern europe disagree with you when you say iran , syria or morocco are brown . 
  neither do us dutchies, 
  well , the format is rigid so to speak - but many places offer great quality . 
  i personally really like d\u00f6ner company . 
  then again i 'm mainly a falafelhead and they 've got great falafel - though nowhere near as good as maoz . 
  fascists just coming out of the woodworks . 
  hence the increase in migration to israel from europe :\\, 
  she changed names , she 's def danish tho, 
  everyone but the charedim want to live in the state of tel-aviv . 
  compared to the income in israel , prices there are cray, 
  sardinia , they have all those proto-phoenician fortresses and stuff, 
  pretty sure the turkic ( tatar , baskir etc ) influence on russian must 've been larger than the mongol influence , though i do n't speak it myself . 
  most of our moroccans are berber rather than arab - however most services i believe are in dutch with the prayers and such in arabic . 
  so i 'm not sure where most imams here come from and what their ideologies are with regards to their madhab and the like . 
  just about no-one can be called destitute here in the netherlands - the problem lies with the ostracization of those people in our society . 
  made those youths a very fertile breeding ground for salafi bs, 
  i think many belgians are aware of it , yet when talking about the netherlands i 've noticed its always about ` de hollanders ' and a bunch of holland-specific stereotypes . 
  y' all gon na sink tho, 
  it also lends credence to the flemish identity by implying the netherlands are a culturally homogenous place . 
  holland is associated by the belgians with things that are typical for holland - forgetting there 's a huge diversity of regional cultures here some of which share a lot more with those on the belgian side of the border . 
  there 's places here that do n't speak dutch at all . 
  all the regional cultures of flanders only deserve a separate state so long as you pretend the brabantian and limburgian are n't literally the same ( beyond the influence of some time of separation , of course ) . 
  take the whole protestant culture shtik that is imposed on the netherlands while the majority in fact was catholic ( at least iirc , but they do n't differ much anyhow ) . 
  it 's a different standardized form of it however , and just as valid as such, 
  i can not respect fascists nor the idiots who support them . 
  so you 're the kind of guy who will excuse anything he says or does until shit really goes south ? 
  fine , now fuck right off . 
  man learn to converse a little without using snarky emoticons . 
  no dictator started off like that - there are always years of rhetoric first . 
  i mean , one percent of the population less . 
  i still ca n't fathom how large his support is . 
  however , the fact that he can lose and still win is a good indication of how the us are n't really a democracy anymore . 
  are you shitting us ? 
  are you insinuating the english orthography suddenly makes sense after that one change ? . . 
  because it still does n't . 
  i for one , wholly support the awesome republic of the benelux . 
  probably the wealthiest and freest place in the world . 
  i 'm not from fucking holland . 
  typical belgium, 
  lol no , you 're the separatists , not us, 
  wait the french have them too ? 
  lol, 
  but how can the church be real if belgium is n't real ?
