  gon na take some effort to get eu more democratic though . 
  sverige for u, 
  source or get the fuck off mate . 
  uhm , let 's start with like , all of eastern europe eh lad, 
  for population control it is :d, 
  i know man , i lived in the me and my dad worked in turkey for years . 
  that said it never ceases to amaze me how turkey has changed in one lifetime :(, 
  * if they think others ' lifestyles must be dictated by their own religion that primarily . 
  if they 're like a bunch of chill hippie sufi muslims i do n't care tbh , i know a few of those and they are lovely and intellectual people . 
  more important than europeans think compared to national politics . 
  though states rights should always have more say in europe than they do in the us, 
  a little bit of a , a little bit of b, 
  all true , fair analysis, 
  the us has state politics and they are more important than we perceive here, 
  seriously , i wholeheartedly support a us of e after american example precisely because it is so decentralised . 
  people shoot down the idea because we are too diverse , but the american model actually appreciates that and makes it possible for those differences to exist ( though i think states rights should remain more important than is the case there , your civil war - now do n't pull slavery into this - really diminished those . 
  though imo one army would make total sense , at least on a technological level ; no need for a lot of jet fighters in every single tiny country , every country should have the number needed for aiding in protecting that part of europe . 
  another is education , i really like how exchange programmes and soon the breakdown of paywalling in the eu are fostering our academia . 
  thirty years ago today 's views on homosexuality were still considered extreme . 
  not making any particular point , just pointing that out . 
  israel is a great example , societal exclusion made the jews of eastern europe extremely religious and insular whereas the reform movement flourished where jews were more integrated . 
  the shoah caused a re-enforcement and return to old values in many communities , but nevertheless the easy life of being jewish in israel caused a drift in the other direction , hence most israelis today being secular ( hilloni ) . 
  we 're all children of our societal circumstances . 
  now , muslims have seen an islamic revival , which had everything to do with the political status quo in middle eastern countries in the nineties . 
  this has caught on everywhere , and particularly among islamic youths in europe precisely because their immigrant parents were so much more secular and because they are often excluded by society at large . 
  once their children form a community of european muslims ( i see this happening with many moroccan children here not learning their language any more , thus forming a group of dutch moroccan muslims ) there will be two groups , those that are more religious but in an integrated fashion , and those that will assimilate and intermarry ( the latter being the devil to judaism in the west as well , hence my comparison ) . 
  the eu is the cornerstone of peace , germany and to a lesser extent france both know this , while uk is heading brexit . 
  the other side of the coin eh, 
  you assume the bottle is n't empty the same night , and as such , do not know the finn . 
  it does kind of sound like deaf people speaking . 
  you might be onto something, 
  or even use a regional language rather than their national standard , a different one each year , would be mighty cool, 
  the danes transported all of their jews over to sweden just before the invasion and as such they were the only community to survive the war unscathed . 
  if you 're danish you should know this . 
  denmark is the only country that carries no historical responsibility for the holocaust , and they even managed to save all their jews . 
  jews i know all think denmark is mighty cool in part thanks to this . 
  oh god that was so bad , and the dude so creepy . 
  my grandma was like ` why does that guy have a hairdo like hitler ? ', 
  and then israel appeared on screen lol, 
  really that 's just you , my grandma knew him before lol, 
  how about the brits , far greater a group than the greeks u know, 
  and ethnic russians are from europe . 
  having an empire does n't really disqualify a country, 
  israel wanted to start a me counterpart to the eurovision but arabs think music is haram so they asked europe if they could join instead . 
  israel is almost 50 % european jews by ancestry though , i guess 2000 years of living here counts enough , but azerbaijan ? 
  that 's a muslim turkish country , idk but i do n't get it . 
  georgia and armenia are european though so what gives azerbaijan can join . 
  australia ? 
  crazy talk . 
  45 here iirc, 
  yeah , most jews are like , you could consider not doing that ? 
  i mean , it 's nice , but confusing . . should we laugh ? 
  be happy about it ? 
  quietly ignore it ? 
  many israeli families shared a nice moment of extreme awkwardness as to how to react in front of the rest lol, 
  yeah so in crimea , nicest weather in the ukraine !, 
  i always thought jan came from johannes , which was originally yochanan . 
  it 's that way in dutch anyhow . 
  can imagine janek came from yankev though !, 
  must 've been quite some borrowing between yiddish and polish given their historical proximity . 
  i can easily understand speakers of yiddish whose origins lie in germany/the low countries , but speakers originally from slavic lands not so much , their accent makes it sound like polish to me . 
  or combinations of all three !, 
  eilat is pretty homogenously jewish no ? 
  it 's just a slavified hebrew name ; ben ya'akov ; jacob is yankov/yankl in yiddish , so yankovic, 
  i mean , it 's nice you guys vote for israel , but i think i 'm speaking for all jews when i say that you could , like , not do that , it 's weirdly confusing . . 
  the thing is , the discussion was about religious law being implemented in some muslim states , of which turkey is not one, 
  guess turkey does n't have a sharia constitution yet !, 
  maybe you know then what the sanhedrin is and that we currently ca n't have one - hence there not being any executions . 
  add to that the requirements , such as having multiple valid witnesses , for going through with executing someone . 
  there 's a story in talmud about how a sanhedrin that executed more than a few people in a century was disbound for being bloodthirsty . 
  islam has similar requirements and jihadists are ignoring them . 
  but muslim societies as a whole do n't deal with these things much differently than jews . 
  also , i take it you 're one of the anusim then ? 
  cool stuff, 
  this is what he meant . 
  that silly slightly-paranoid crazy rhetoric where the enemy is always ` the left ' . 
  that 's fvd . 
  us jews are n't killing each other either so that tells me how retarded you are . 
  with the rhetoric buma has been pushing cda is definitely right-wing at this point, 
  yeah ... dijsselbloem * is * left-wing , it 's not as if he came up with the austerity policies . 
  yeah , it 's clear you ca n't actually argue without devolving into an argument about how shit stalinist states were . 
  obviously they were , come on . 
  we also already pay taxes some of which goes to other european states , which slowly evens out the wealth within europe . 
  as their economies grow , we all end up richer . 
  sane investment policies  just pumping money all over . 
  of course using the national borders/those of the eu is arbitrary , but as they exist it 's all we can do . 
  solidarity also means dropping trade tariffs , by the way . 
  also our economy is becoming increasingly capitalist , that 's why we see more widespread poverty and decreasing social mobility despite strong economic growth . 
  so your last sentence also clearly indicates that you have no idea how europe is changing . 
  we 're moving to the right , almost exclusively , as a continent . 
  i 'm dutch , i 'm not arguing for fully automated gay space communism , but the way we have things set up here is better than more capitalist states by literally every measure . 
  we 're working hard to turn that all to shit though . 
  and solidarity on the basis of just being human is enough . 
  we do n't have equal income here , that 's just silly . 
  but inequality is better than say the us , where 1 % of the people own more than half of everything . . everyone gets tertiary education to their ability . 
  those who get higher education , like doctors , make more than those with lower income . 
  the plumber pays less taxes % - wise but he does contribute towards the education of doctors and engineers . 
  how is it unfair if in the end the doctors and engineers help pay his pension , his income in case he falls ill , and importantly the educations of his children ? 
  yes , it is indeed fair for people who do n't study to pour money into education so that whenever they are less fortunate their needs can be met with the money of those who did go and study . 
  you 're being cynical of this which is fine , but what you lack is a basic understanding of solidarity .
