  such a shame that antisemitism is pretty big in poland today :\\, 
  bolshevik jews were pretty fucking antisemitic . 
  one does not exclude the other , the only thing the communists cared for was absolute submission to state ideology and jews do not bend to such tactics generally - for better and for worse . 
  yeah we still have spanish-portuguese jews here in amsterdam . 
  gon na see mor karbasi in a few weeks , who sings in ladino , 
  in poland they had three million jews spread out across a vast landscape littered with tiny villages that usually had usually either no or at least 1/3rd jewish populations . 
  as such there was little cooperation . 
  then you have the netherlands , where jews lived mainly in the cities , where the country is much more urbanized in general . 
  they did n't have to first move everyone into a ghetto like in krakow , they just had to empty the jewish quarters and then track down the rest . 
  it 's more that jews see being jewish as their ethnicity and when they move to israel they take on israeli as their nationality . 
  why get caught up in the past of ghettos and pogroms if you can go ahead and build a jewish state ? 
  not my opinion but it 's hard to catch the pervasive denial of the diaspora in israeli society in a few sentences . 
  no , over half the french jewish community hails from the maghreb . 
  they came over after decolonisation . 
  the rest of their community is largely eastern european in background , though some of that community had been in france for a long time . 
  take the car manufacturer citro\u00ebn , after the dutch-jewish entrepreneur citroen ( lemon ) , for example . 
  in the netherlands the number that left for israel between the end of the war and now was enough to basically keep the community stable . 
  that is to say , there initially was a wave of emigration that since subdued with a decent number of people leaving occasionally . 
  for example . 
  from eastern europe many fled west and then they left for israel or the us . 
  france is interesting because they saw a strong growth from communities from north africa fleeing upon decolonisation . 
  note that these were native moroccan/algerian jews , not so much french jews in the colonies . 
  jews are really appreciative of what the danes did either way , 
  not to the same extent . 
  ashkenazim were kept out of amsterdam even when the sephardim were well-established and iirc places like nijmegen , arnhem and utrecht all have had expulsions of the jews during the time they were very cushy in poland . 
  since we developed an idea of civic nationalism/patriottism the netherlands have been a safe haven in western europe though , and the cultural influence of jews in amsterdam can not be overstated . 
  the local dialect is more relexified yiddish than actual hollandic dutch . . 
  i mean in the long run having some water will prove to be a nice asset . 
  appropriate username by the way . 
  well yeah , but then all countries on this map all use a full case system , so that 's not a helpful way of distinguishing, 
  honestly in the north and along much of the rhine germans barely use them fully , that pesky low saxon and frankish legacy . 
  yeah but we have it still all the same , was my point . 
  but there 's regional variability in who uses it casually, 
  mijn vaders auto , is not archaic . 
  but i 've found in the south people use it more, 
  my mom drives a duster , great car !, 
  my dialect has some case use . 
  heck formal dutch commonly uses the genetive case . 
  dutch is what happens when you do n't second germanic consonant shift . 
  it 's water , not wasssser . 
  honestly people do n't want migration from the middle east here in the continent . 
  here in holland people do n't care about poles and such as cause they work hard . 
  the ` they 're tekin ur jurbs ' argument does n't carry as far here . 
  it 's what everyone but you guys wanted , so time for the uk to gtfo in stead of holding us back . 
  not really . 
  pvv is the largest party in the polls for the election next month, 
  they were social democrats in the past , turned nationalist right . 
  just like here, 
  honestly their language is more like the swedes/norwegians , it 's obvious . 
  but if they spoke dutch there was literally no cultural difference between us and them . 
  we look the same , wear clogs , do n't have hills and consume fucktons of dairy . 
  we practice consensus management and value personal liberties but are also pretty leftist , though this has changed a lot in recent years . 
  oh and bicycles . 
  ah then i get it , lots of israelis with a polish background after all, 
  nowhere do they force churches to accept gay marriage . 
  or actually , maybe they do where there is no separation of church and state ( say , the uk ) . 
  gay marriage in states with a separation of church and state is just an official union of two civilians . 
  if they want to get married for any church , the church has to find this acceptable beforehand . 
  no-one is forcing catholics to marry gay people , for instance . 
  lol you 're delusional man . 
  nobody in the netherlands opposes gay marriage . 
  and you heavily overestimate how many oppose it elsewhere in europe . 
  lol you 're delusional man . 
  nobody in the netherlands opposes gay marriage . 
  and you heavily overestimate how many oppose it elsewhere in europe . 
  also koin\u00e8 greek ; kephal\u00e8 . 
  ah man i cried when i saw that many israelis pour hot water in a cup and then mix in a spoon of turkish grind coffee . 
  they call it mud coffee and love it . 
  i call it mud coffee and hate it . . 
  1831  but honestly i 'd love a reunification if it is properly bilateral, 
  i mean that and most of the victims were dead and most of their families were too making it all really complex really fast, 
  occupied southern netherlands ftfy, 
  greater frisia, 
  united netherlands, 
  a lot easier than before they joined the eu that 's for sure . . 
  what the actual fuck dude . 
  first you 're going to be concern trolling then you wo n't accept clear sources . 
  i just went to poland for thirty euros and spent something similar to stay in a nice hostel bang in the middle of krakow . 
  you can go there and back and have a great time for ~ 200 euros for say four days . 
  i do n't see how that is out of reach for the ordinary dutchman, 
  nah , benelux will provide some counterweight as well , and i feel eastern europe will become a lot more important as well - which is great, 
  i mean they do really need that clay in the east , it 's just too nice not to !, 
  must ... resist ... urges ... * annexes poland again *, 
  historically most definitely !, 
  just go to dijon and take a look at who made most of that art in the palaces . 
  local cuisine was also heavily influenced by the flemish . 
  reason was that the burgundians had large holdings up north ( and flanders was very wealthy ) so they imported a lot of art , trade and knowledge from there . 
  my point was exactly that burgundy is not german-influenced as much . 
  if anything flemish culture has been far more important, 
  oh i know , burgundy as a whole is anything but for starters . 
  my family has a home there . 
  true , but only southern france is mediterranean by culture . 
  the north is more flemish , the east is heavily german in parts . 
  nothing bad about it , i love regional culture and i hate how the french state has always tried to kill regional languages off . 
  anyways that 's out of the scope of the discussion, 
  well then we are in agreement mate, 
  you 're right , slight mistake on my part . 
  the workers at auschwitz were ss however . 
  they were all invested in nazi ideology, 
  lol , so not having any sovereignty at all somehow is better than it being compromised in some regions ?
