  that way all those american jews can move back to their land of origin now antisemitism is getting way worse in the us . 
  i 'm sure that will go down without a single problem given that polish people love rich white immigrants so much , right ? 
  ca n't fail :d / s, 
  dutch pensioners ? 
  well , the insistence that flanders is so special and has such a different culture compared to those calvinistic hollanders ( which i 've heard far too many times ) is a bit silly if one looks at just how diverse the country is . 
  especially the catholic identity bit , there 's more catholic dutch people than protestants . . not that dutch people are religious anyhow , but it 's often played up, 
  do people in the rhineland actually connect to the name ` franks ' like they do in franken ? 
  yes ; germany , lithuania , ukraine , 
  but you guys wanted to be separate !, 
  if germans speak slightly casual/regionalesque german it 's easier for me to understand and germans suddenly sound human . 
  but if people go full television style proper thinking that makes it easier for us dutchies you all sound like angry shouting generals . 
  old habits die hard i guess . 
  invasion 2 . sunburn boogaloo, 
  holt is still the word for wood in the east ( nijmegen-groesbeek ), 
  low german is as ` german ' as dutch is . 
  high saxon is n't necessarily standard german either by any measure , the terminology is just a bit daft, 
  aruba , curacao and sint maarten are all independent states regardless of each other , all within our kingdom . 
  but saba , sint eustasius and bonaire are netherlands proper . 
  hey now we gave them the choice a few years ago and they wanted to become integrated rather than independent, 
  it 's true , i just wanted to comment on your assertion that that makes it ` not really a language ' . 
  the vast majority of languages have that , including dutch - the real caveat is language extinction . 
  this has been widespread in europe but not really elsewhere . 
  and even then germans ( for example ) usually speak their dialect and standard german , or at the very least more regional standard german than when they 're among colleagues . 
  it 's yiddish , note the little slavic influence in the word order . 
  one could alternatively say ` lomir a brik boyn ' but less common . 
  yiddish itself is highly diverse so that same sentence could have a few transliterations , but the same goes in austria i imagine , 
  we have some radical christians in zeeland , parts of south holland and the veluwe . 
  the map is an approximation of our bible belt, 
  frisian is related more closely to english than dutch , despite it having gained a huge dutch influence . 
  limburgian on the other hand is frankish , like standard dutch , but with some influence of the high german consonant shift ( ik-ich , among others ) . 
  look at it this way : if you go back in time limburgian converges with other dutch varieties , whereas frisian diverges from dutch and merges with english . 
  every unstandardized language is like that to be honest . 
  in all honesty they 're close , and there 's a limburg in flanders as well where the limburgian is a little different, 
  is yours tirol austrian ? 
  can u guess mine ? 
  karp po zydowsku for xmas ? 
  i think you 're being generous to the greeks , which i totally understand , but your sentiments do not really reflect the experiences of the last jews of greece who left after the war . 
  and personally i must add there 's still plenty of antisemitism in greece . 
  not trying to be an asshole , but i think you 're underestimating the extent to which greeks are antisemitic . 
  i mean , how few are there even left in most of europe , geez, 
  depends . 
  some look very identifiable ethnicity wise , though some would be mistaken for moroccans here in the netherlands . 
  those with more mixed ancestry are indistinguishable , like the krabb\u00e9 's . 
  cool , did n't know the polish name for it was jewish carp . 
  nice to hear it 's still eaten there too , 
  i 'm dutch , and have a jewish background . 
  there 's between 3000/4000 practicing jews in the netherlands , and then loads who are some degree of practicing to completely assimilated . 
  upper count is 30 000 jews in the netherlands total , it 's not surprising at all the average dutchman has never met any . 
  there 's decent communities in some places , especially in france and uk . 
  but some cities of countries with smaller communities have visible jewish communities ( like antwerp , amsterdam etc ), 
  gefilte fish is a wonderful dish with a rich history . . and oh who am i kidding it 's ground up bottom feeder but it 's not like the jews commonly could afford better fish :( edit : that said it 's still very popular lol, 
  try gefilte fish , it 's ground so no bones !, 
  how is it served ? 
  like gefilte fish ? 
  wilders has no solutions ( see their party program ) and that guy certainly holds no intellectual weight . 
  so yeah , opinion discarded . 
  it 's just that somehow international media do n't care about other eu leaders , which is annoying . 
  it also does n't help that many other leaders do n't want to get burnt so they remain entirely silent about stuff ( like the refugee situation ), 
  how so ? 
  she did n't speak for other leaders , and she was chosen by the german populace time after time again . 
  so please , stick with facts here . 
  the eu was very much meant to evolve into a confederation , and having a common army and border security is something that would aid us tremendously in not being dependent on the us any more . 
  also , populism has been brewing in both the us and eu for years now , and its outcome could be very bleak . 
  it 's not as if trump being elected has any bearing on italian voting patterns , lol . 
  you sir , are delusional . 
  no international standard units . 
  lol ur listening to alt right bullshit too much . 
  merkels influence is exaggerated , every eu citizen has equal representation in eu parliament so a larger populace means larger influence - though we elect them directly not through our country 's gov 's . 
  the eu is far more decentralized than the us , so i do n't get your point . 
  i see your irish , and as such forgive you for assuming the guy has more than a room temperature iq . 
  but if you speak the language it becomes apparent pretty fast, 
  why not ? 
  they 've shifted form a lot this year, 
  what ? 
  spain chased out the jews a few centuries before the spanish civil war , you know ? 
  and those that marry europeans ? 
  not that antisemitism was n't an arab cultural staple since way before israel was founded . . but otherwise you 're right, 
  niice , they 're so pretty . 
  just wanted to highlight that climate change has made it possible to grow them pretty far up north already , it 's crazy, 
  just northern europe in general ? 
  i 'm dutch and real french fries are fried in cow lard lol . 
  i 'm dutch and you see them in gardens here , i have one . 
  what if i told you they even make it from beets ? 
  ~ ~ also convenient for pesach ~ ~, 
  how exactly do the netherlands equate rotten cabbage ? 
  sauerkraut is german . . 
  their coffee superior seems quite logical as i 've found coffee is so much better in regions where it is actually produced, 
  cheers to that !, 
  actually it 's a three language country . 
  frisian , low saxon and danish . 
  maybe scanian as a fourth . 
  sealand should have some hanseatic theme imho , would be awesome, 
  you 're missing something , namely the split that already exists in gelderland between speakers of low saxon dialects ( niedersaksn bin d'ainige saksn ! ), 
  and low frankish dialects ( dutch , flemish , zeeuws , the lot ) . 
  all low frankish dialects are in lowland , whereas all low saxon and frisian dialects are in sealand . 
  people in groningen and ostfriesland in germany speak the same dialect , and this continues through to northfriisland in germany and then you 're in denmark . 
  fucking frenchies took brussels though . 
  reconquista time motherfuckers, 
  that can be fixed . . * maniacal laughter *, 
  literally relocation of saxons to break their spirit,
