  the levels of sycophancy were disgusting . 
  privacy has nothing to do with this . 
  these are simply a border control and integration problems . 
  fucking fascist psychopaths . 
  well that depends if you 've pissed off some of the wealthiest , most powerful people on the planet does n't it ? 
  it 's amazing what political pressure can achieve . 
  restricting travel to places known to be training people in these activities makes sense . 
  it 's not too different to emergency public health measures . 
  syria is an active warzone so i do n't see why there should be relatively unfettered travel in and out of the country . 
  i 'm fundamentally against ` preventative detention ' . 
  it 's too easily abused . 
  what compensation framework will there be for incorrectly detaining someone for 10 months ? 
  what 's to stop them releasing and then rearresting people indefinitely ? 
  it only takes one bad government to start detaining ` inconvenient ' people to ruin the whole thing . 
  on top of that it 's denying people essential liberty for a long time without trial or even a burden of proof - that 's totally incompatible with european values . 
  right now it would make sense to re-erect internal european borders while the external borders ( including greece 's ) are made more robust and proper funding and measures for dealing with migrants and asylum seekers are put in place . 
  the current situation is untenable . 
  schengen is a ` nice to have ' when your house is in order . 
  mainland europe does not have it 's house in order from the perspective of the movement of people . 
  if there 's insufficient evidence to press charges you ca n't just hold people indefinitely . 
  that 's not ok . 
  it would make sense to step up surveillance on those people though , given that there is clearly a reasonable suspicion for doing so . 
  except it has n't . 
  rates of terrorist acts in europe today are far less frequent than in the 70s and 80s . 
  it is a fiction whipped up by the media . 
  the difference is the increased militancy of the acts when they do occur . 
  yep . 
  the lack of a robust integration policy is beyond a joke at this point . 
  we 've needed one since the 80s after the brixton riots . 
  similar to what they do here ; fly to turkey then hop over to syria . 
  or in many previous cases just went straight to pakistan . 
  yep . 
  so why the hell are we still permitting travel to these places ? 
  it 's not necessarily refugees that are the problem . 
  these attackers are also disaffected first and second generation european nationals . 
  this makes the problem even more difficult to solve because it becomes entrenched along ethnic and religious lines . 
  squeezing immigration for a bit would help stem the flow but it needs to be part of a much wider long term strategy . 
   this means the others are even more incompetent . 
  `` without a crisis , what use are we ? '', 
  - politicians , everywhere , forever . 
   they basically just want to live in the 50s they want to live in a rose-tinted version of the 50s which never existed . 
  remember the rationing ? 
  good times . 
  i have a strong preference for brown bread ... maybe it 's because i 'm a filthy liberal . 
   of course , that requires the website to deal with clients , whereas it is much more easier to just leave a javascript that lets a third party auction off a chunk of your page and reap the profits . 
  have you tried dealing with clients ? 
  they 're horrible !, 
  adverts need to be static images and nothing more . 
  the recent json web advert exploit which hit major ad networks is a prime example of why arbitrary execution of code is a terrible idea . 
   if there is demand for product produced with high social standards , companies will offer products like this . 
  which is why most eggs in britain are marketed as ` free range ' . 
  except the definition of ` free range ' has slipped so drastically from what it was originally that it 's a marginally better than battery farming any more . 
  supermarkets put pressure on farmers to save 1 cent per egg per year when costs are rising so farmers are forced to cut every corner possible to meet that . 
   and corporate case law describes directors as fiduciaries who owe duties not only to shareholders but also to the corporate entity itself , and instructs directors to use their powers in `` the best interests of the company . '' if your institutional shareholders are saying `` we want 5 % returns this year '' and the only way to do that is to give your bangadeshi suppliers a pittance per unit then you do that . 
  so it 's exactly as i described for that simple reason unfortunately . 
  there is flexibility within those responsibilities but it is frequently not exercised . 
   large companies can simply demand certain social standards and the factories that produce for them will be forced to comply . 
  large companies have an obligation to their shareholders to produce the highest returns feasible . 
  unless there is a social obligation laid out by shareholders , which for large companies are often amoral investment institutions , then there 's no reasonable expectation for this to happen . 
  it 's not that they do n't care it 's that their priorities are to deliver value to shareholders ; not to ensure their suppliers treat their workers properly . 
  there are many people * partly * responsible including the consumers , workers , business owners , politicians and many others . 
  there is no lynchpin of responsibility . 
  sorry i deleted my comment . 
  the whole thing makes me way too furious . 
  the uk is fucked up . 
  people want this . 
  people voted for this so let them have it . 
  let it burn to the ground . 
  sell off all the institutions , strip privacy from the citizens , build a beautiful a utopia of abuse for plutocrats and unaccountable corporations . 
  what a cancerous , hateful , twisted mess . 
  [ the conservatives ] ... represent every failed orthodoxy of the age . 
  i 've got dual nationality so it makes very little difference to me if it all goes wrong but it still bothers me that a country which could be even more successful is turning it 's back on a prosperous future just to abuse and impoverish the population for the benefit of a few . 
  that 's conservative dogma all over though so ... 
  i guess i 'm not a conservative . 
  labour will do absolutely nothing . 
  they 're authoritarians to the core . 
  only the greens want to stop this sort of thing ( based on eu voting patterns ) . 
  the lib dems are utterly supine . 
  manufacturing crises and being ineffective are what politicians excel at . 
  if there were any good alternative to the existing system i 'd fire the lot of them ... out of a cannon ... 
  into the sun . 
  it 's an international sport . 
  british police * and * politicians managed to lose an investigation into a high profile paedophile ring potentially involving dozens of high ranking officials . 
  the same thing happened in belgium and the netherlands . 
  gold medals all around !, 
  i have dual passports ( english , irish ) . 
  it makes no difference to me ultimately but i 'd still like to choose the best option regardless . 
  i do n't think britain will fall apart if it leaves and it seems like there will be a lot of time and effort spent for little or no gain if it does . 
  as for the pros and cons of membership , i 've not seen many pros but leaving has some very expensive cons like having to renegotiate all the treaties etc. 
  despite london 's fantastic economic growth , the cost is very high . 
  not just in housing but in quality of life too . 
  i earn a good wage ( above average ) and i do n't see a future here in london . 
  there are simply too many people and not enough being done to accommodate them . 
  our housing market is in complete and total failure , there is insufficient additional transport capacity being planned and too many people coming here based on those two factors . 
  if people struggle to get to work and the government flat-out refuses to invest in better internet infrastructure for people to work remotely how can the city compete ? 
  on the whole there is too much damage being done to the country and too many things getting worse for it to be worth staying here in the long term . 
  i do n't see why so many young people should pay for things they will never have the benefit of receiving themselves . 
  in aggregate it 's just an island full of nasty little bigots and people with jealous eyes which have really fucked the place up , same as it ever was perhaps . 
  a 1 bedroom apartment within 5 miles of the city centre is # 200,000 + now . 
  a 2 bedroom apartment is # 400,000 + .
