  on one hand there is a real problem of racial discrimination and on the other the communities as a whole can act extremely irresponsibly . 
  here is an example of the most famous case of an illegal gypsy site in the uk , [ dale farm ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-14974527 ) . 
  i see their culture as fundamentally incompatible with modern standards and i do n't see why we should indulge it . 
  they should fit in like everyone else has to . 
  the root cause is marginalisation and then radicalisation is sold as the solution . 
  people who are not well integrated into society are offered an opportunity of belonging to a cause much bigger than themselves . 
  we 've recently had a case in london where a hindu converted to islam , was radicalised , and has gone over to syria to become an executioner for isis . 
  this does n't happen in isolation . 
  there are people preaching and supporting this kind of bullshit inside our countries already . 
  there are a bunch of other law enforcement issues like people being monitored by security services and not followed up , allowed to pass through borders etc. 
  but i would n't lay the blame at the feet of the police , they are just trying to clean up a mess other people have made . 
  as a brit , i would be very surprised if there were n't some very deep and lingering legislative wounds inflicted by hollande 's government following this . 
  all sharing the lie of ` preventing terrorism ' while doing little or nothing to get at the root causes of it . 
  there 's always money in the surveillance state . 
  i do n't think it 's that . 
  they 're not stupid or naive but just plain incorrect on the topic of culture . 
  i have had discussions with hard leftists who claim that all cultures are equal and should be celebrated . 
  i do n't think that 's true at all personally . 
  some cultures are clearly superior from equality , secular and humanist perspectives . 
  there is also no reason that all cultures will be compatible with each other simply because of very basic ideological differences . 
  in the west we are used to the immigrants around us trying to learn the language , integrate , working hard and being nice people - those are the ones who are trying to westernise and fit in to build a better life . 
  these people are a minority compared to the people who come when the doors are wide open , the ones who do n't see all of the benefits of a different country only an opportunity to do the same things they did back home but in better conditions . 
  i do n't blame them for coming ; if i was in their situation i would too . 
  no worries bruv , any time . 
  why is assad or his generals truly needy ? 
  when you say it like that it just sounds like low minded ignorance . 
  these people can not conceive that other people from different backgrounds might not share their ` universal ' values without any reasonable expectation that they would . 
  as if dressing them in the same clothes and feeding them the same food as us would change their opinions on social topics ... 
  i 'm upset by the whole thing because this will inevitably lead to an over reaction which will harm people who have done nothing wrong . 
  i completely agree . 
  there 's no point importing refugees only to go `` we already had a shortage of housing / healthcare / school spaces / everything and now we 're making it worse '' . 
  it 's nice to do these things but the government have a responsibility to the citizens of this country above all else and those needs are not currently being met . 
  on the flip side of that these people are claiming asylum and being in a rubbish property here is better than being shot at or blown up . 
  the problem is exacerbating an existing service problem and i guess whether you personally place the material safety of those refugees above being able to provide a basic standard of things for existing citizens . 
  that 's a judgemental call . 
  i think cameron 's approach to syria so far has been quite sensible ( !!! ), 
  - throw money at the humanitarian effort on that side , vet the people while they 're over there and only bring over people who are truly needy . 
  i 'm well aware of the mess the current british government is making and unfortunately none of these things are happening in isolation , they all impact on each other . 
  the problem germany brought upon europe is that 90 % of the people coming across are young men just looking for a better life . 
  most are not only disenfranchised from their homeland but they have neither the education or western cultural appropriations to fit into european society . 
  rather than fitting in they just do whatever they would do back home and do n't care about what the locals do and think . 
  this is a cultural integration problem more than anything . 
  the ` them and us ' mentality is rife with the immigrants and that is the backlash we will see across europe as a result of this , merkel and her fellow bleeding hearts are complete idiots for doing this . 
  the people who will suffer are those most in need . 
  i 've lived in london my whole life and the population problem impacts on my day-to-day life significantly more than any issues of ethnicity . 
  often the problems that do arise are cultural rather than racial too , which is a whole discussion in itself . 
  i can completely empathise with workers whose prosperity is threatened by cheap foreign labour ( all other arguments aside ) , and ultimately the main benefactors of that are business owners and investors , not workers . 
  i guess it just depends where our priorities lie when it comes to voting and such . 
  i do n't know why rural people are so bothered by foreigners when the impact they have on their lives is extremely marginal at most - wealthy brits are far more likely to threaten a rural idyl by driving up property prices than pajeet from india looking for a better life . 
  the problem is that there 's no distinction between race and culture in these people 's minds ( which itself is inherently racist ... ) . 
  there are nice , educated people from all of these countries and places but the fact you ca n't call out the abhorrent * cultural * practices of some because of fears of * racial * prejudice against all is stupid . 
  meaningful dialogue ca n't even start to happen until that difference is clear . 
  not all cultures are compatible and if the general population of a country find the behaviour of others unacceptable , immigrants included , then they either have to assimilate or deal with the consequences . 
  for instance , i would n't go to saudi arabia and start a beer-basted hog roast unless i had a death wish . 
  it 's fine to criticise from the outside but change has to come from within . 
  i can neither confirm nor deny that statement . 
  i 'm a leftie brit too . 
  the ( far ) left have n't reconciled the fact that we have n't imported nice , ` worthy ' people from a warzone by opening the borders to syrian refugees . 
  we 've imported young men and opportunistic people who just want a better life and had an opportunity handed to them on a silver platter . 
  i do n't blame them for taking it but there is literally no reasonable expectation for them to act like nice , educated westernised migrants . 
  merkel has utterly screwed the pooch on this one and it 's going to backfire right [ sic ] across europe . 
  it makes me sad because all of the nice migrants who quietly integrated into european society and obviously wanted to get away from their idiotic countrymen are going to feel the brunt of this backlash . 
  i agree . 
  on paper they are bad all over . 
  just as a wildfire is bad if you 're in the middle of it . 
  however the overall health of the system relies on the clearing of dead wood both literal and figurative . 
  low interest rates have prevented the failure of many unviable businesses . 
  that 's bad for the economy . 
  we have a zombie economy powered by cheap debt . 
  recessions are n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  it 's the time when all the dead wood should be cleared out of the market . 
  the issue is when the government props up bad companies who made poor investments ... 
  lots of people did . 
  recessions typically come every 8 - 10 years . 
  we 're due one . 
  http://www.timeout.com/london a lot . 
  say what you like about the place but it is n't boring . 
  it 's a lot easier to put on cultural events when there are lots of bored , wealthy people wanting to show off to their bored , wealthy friends . 
  lots of sponsorship and patronage for art events . 
  a poorer london is bad news for london and the uk . 
  it wo n't stop politicians ignoring the rest of the country and will mean there is less money to spend . 
  typical eu waste . 
  1 cliff drop will do . 
  i do n't mind that we 're leaving but we have no credible plan on how to make it work afterwards - that does bother me a lot . 
  i voted to remain but only because i could n't see many upsides to leaving . 
  it is possible . 
  my dad 's side of the family did it when they moved here . 
  multiracialism and multiculturalism are two different things . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  that does n't mean importing the worst parts of a culture and expecting the host nation to be happy about it . 
  open the borders . 
  we have a ton of financial technology firms here in london which is a good thing . 
  i talk to people in and around the industry and while our bankruptcy laws are very generous it is difficult to get funding into a startup - regardless of how good the opportunity is . 
  quite a few of potential companies have had to fail because the funding limits starved them . 
  this is a big factor . 
  the amount of money that can be thrown into startups is significantly higher in the us than in the uk , though it was raised to reduce the gap recently . 
  if we 're talking about technology startups where a few hundred thousand dollars might get you a couple of capable developers and a business head for a year then the limit needs to be far higher . 
  churn and burn is the mantra . 
  with britain leaving the eu it 's starting to feel very 1940s again . 
  neo-europe vs the american empire .
