  there are a lot of small towns . 
  our electoral wards are broken up into 50 - 60,000 voter blocs . 
  walkers max do cheeseburger flavour crisps . 
  they 're actually nice and do taste like a proper cheeseburger . 
   i am considering voting leave because i dislike the idea of a federal europe and further integration cameron has already secured britain 's removal from the ` ever closer union ' clause of the treaty of paris . 
  the eu will fail faster without the uk . 
  i 'd prefer it if we stayed in and helped reform it when it does eventually collapse due to the present unwillingness to reform ... 
  retired people have pension funds and most certainly do have a dog in the fight . 
  i have no idea why they want to leave so much , they 're deliberately impoverishing themselves if they do . 
   man is least himself when he talks in his own person . 
  give him a mask , and he will tell you the truth . 
   i think many people here have an preconceived/ideological opposition to the eu and all these are just excuses . 
  i can empathise when people are frustrated and angry at things like the current illegal migrant situation . 
  it 's an abject failure of the institution that funding is n't being given to periphery countries like italy and greece to handle this influx of people from across the mediterranean . 
  these are n't even tough things to argue in support of but there seems to be internal resistance to doing the right thing because it runs against certain ideologies . 
  i see the eu as a fundamentally good thing even though it has it 's problems . 
   at this point the only viable solution is a multi-speed europe . 
  and that 's the one thing that has been categorically taken off the table both from the euro and eu perspectives . 
  dogma getting in the way of practical reality that will lead to the failure of the entire project . 
  sort of . 
  i think the current eu has problems relating to the overly inclusive nature of it ; lumping developed and developing economies together is absolute nonsense which will bring about a collapse sooner or later . 
  my position is that i 'd rather be in the eu when it sinks and build something better from the remains rather than being seen as the instigators of it 's failure . 
  it does n't cost us anything extra to stay in because we 're not in the euro and our economy is tied to europe one way or another - being out of the eu does n't make us more or less dependent on the mainland . 
  if we can achieve reform without that happening it would be fantastic but i do n't think that 's a realistic proposition based on past performance and the stated aims of the incumbent politicians and bureaucrats . 
  the ` common person 's wealth in the uk is roughly on par with poland and portugal 's . 
  we have a fairly large skew towards the top end which makes the average look a lot better . 
  i think that 's the general consensus . 
  the idea of the eu is a good thing , just not the eu we have . 
  some people think we should stay in to try and fix it but the institution seems to be unwilling to reform now , when it 's relatively easy to do so , which gives us little hope of reform when things are tough . 
  other people think we should leave because of the unwillingness to reform . 
  this is without touching on specific policy issues relating to the economy and social issues . 
   what does the uk do for the eu ? 
  adds a wealthy trading partner to all member states and increases the overall size of the union . 
  where the fuck did the money go then ? 
  government and business failed to invest in the country post-war to compete with the rebuilding funded by marshall plan money . 
   i wonder how we managed to have a country at all before we joined the eu . 
  we were n't called the sick man of europe for nothing . 
  anything is possible under a conservative government . 
  bloody immigrants coming over here trying to steal our chairs . 
  the snp are a fine foil against conservatives if they collaborate with labour . 
  the real issue is that the labour party is currently divided between the urban ` remain ' vote and the rural ` leave ' vote ( not to mention the blairites who ca n't give up the red tory mantras ) . 
  70 % of labour constituencies voted to leave which means that us lefty remainers are shit out of luck . 
  from my own observations it seems to be an increasingly nationalistic , beady-eyed , hateful crab mentality ... 
  i can understand why people voted for brexit especially those who have lost out as a direct result of increasing globalisation but it 's the uk government which fucked them over - nobody else 's . 
  that does n't make it a pleasant place to live in for the majority of people . 
  parliament made a bunch of promises to scotland which it immediately broke after the independence referendum . 
  i do n't blame you for a second for wanting to leave this mess behind . 
  it 's going to doom england to a generation of conservative governments but that 's our problem and not yours . 
  the eu is n't perfect but it 's better than the alternative . 
  nearly all of the problems the uk has with the eu are entirely of our own making . 
  we could have reduced immigration ( which was one of the key drivers of the brexit voters ) if we had actually followed eu rules but successive uk governments have n't done that because they knew that eu workers were good for the economy . 
  it 's hilarious that brexiteers think the eu is the problem when it 's entirely our own parliament . 
  what was their solution ? 
  hand more power back to the useless buggers !, 
  could n't make it up ... 
   the uk political establishment did n't want brexit do happen . 
  it was an accident . 
  you 'd be surprised based on the way votes have been going in parliament ... 
  our currency dropped 20 % . 
  prices and inflation are starting to rise . 
  eu citizens are leaving which is causing problems for our organisations . 
  large industries reliant on eu membership are leaving ( banking specifically ) . 
  slowly imploding basically . 
  we have n't even started to leave yet !, 
   beyond the regular influence of parliament . 
  not completely beyond ... 
  they 're symbiotic really . 
  echoing out over [ dolphin square ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dolphin_square#allegations_of_paedophile_activity ) . 
   as for the sweden rape issue , people are interested in talking about it so just let them . 
  the last time we let the british public talk about anything we ended up with brexit ... / s, 
   wait till everybody hears how they recruited gipsy in europe and paid them to `` picnic '' in central london so they 'd be seen by everyone as european fleas . 
  who recruited them ? 
  i 'm a londoner and this is the first i 've heard of it . 
  the whole situation did seem weird though ; the police 's reluctance to get involved or * do * anything in a pretty obviously illegal situation was unusual . 
  that 's not the reason . 
  the reason is that this is precisely what people voted for so let 's have it in spades . 
  i do n't want to be called a bremoaner !, 
  i , for one , welcome our economic meltdown . 
  other way around . 
  northern ireland gets vastly more per capita . 
  londoners get screwed . 
  the difference is the sheer number of people down south . 
  away with ye pies an shite . 
  if only . 
  - londoner, 
  there were lots of reasons . 
  it was one of them . 
   there will still be tensions . 
  check out your expats and spain , for example . 
  ah yes , the national embarassments ... 
  vibrant and cool ? 
  what 's the rationale behind that ? 
  is n't that ignoring the social deprivation , the real human cost , which goes along with them ? 
  mass immigration can work * ok * among people of similar cultures . 
  most educated europeans can be cut and pasted into any other western country without any great hardship these days . 
  multiculturalism is n't inherently bad but people integrate much better into places that have a cultural hegemony . 
  this is why chucking all poor folk / immigrants into an area is only going to end in tensions . 
  let them . 
  watch the economy tank . 
  laugh .
