  even with a very cheap mortgage and a big deposit i still need to earn at least # 60,000 ( 62 % more than median wage ) to even attempt to secure a 2 bedroom apartment . 
  i do n't know who can afford to apply . 
  couples can barely afford a 2 bedroom place even with both earning a good salary . 
  the whole country will implode if / when interest rates go up . 
  kick the austrians out of austria !, 
  send them back home !, 
   i will pat a man 's ass if i feel like it . 
  if i say ` no homo ' there is no problem . 
  as a londoner trying to buy an apartment , no , no they are not good prices . 
  i heard they were renaming stratford to meccaford . 
  mm , this tea from the colonies tastes jolly good what what . 
  never was really . 
  armenian genocide denial and all that . 
  the problem for germany specifically is that the euro currency would be incredibly strong compared to where it is now . 
  german exports would be significantly more expensive in comparison to most countries which would lead to some unpleasant consequences . 
   the main problem the eu has is inviting random countries that want very different things . 
  we cant repeat this mistake . 
  i completely agree . 
  we need a ` two tier ' europe which offers different levels of integration . 
  the refusal to accept anything less than total integration is one of the major issues of the present system . 
  in no way does an economy like greece have anything to do with germany . 
  one of the basic things shared between both tiers should be free trade and so on but other treaties less so . 
   would you ever cry not getting a visa e.g. 
  to the uae ? 
  or saudi arabia ? 
  because you know that 's their right , that 's the rule and the it has consequences if you do n't follow the law . 
  if i was trying to go to work in the uae then i would be upset if i was denied for no reason while unqualified people get in without much effort . 
  i went one step further and actually look like that . 
  * lights a stogie *, 
  cctv is n't a problem in isolation . 
  it 's what is done with public cctv footage which is . 
  real-time facial recognition algorithms are extremely good today . 
  when attached to a relevant system it 's trivial to track the movements of any person even in dense urban centres . 
  the british media is shit with very few exceptions . 
  bbc news is the equivalent of russia today . 
  the recent story defending arms shipments to syria was a propagandist 's wet dream . 
  well they do share a land border and both are part of schengen . 
  it really does n't affect us at all . 
  haha . 
   the fact that it does n't favor the uk does n't necessarily mean that it is a ` bad thing ' immigration does benefit the uk economic in aggregate . 
  it has disproportionately negatively impacted on unskilled and skilled workers who traditionally worked lucrative trades , construction for example . 
  the issue is that the social ( rather than economic ) debate on immigration has been suppressed by the political establishment for fear of racism and other nonsense . 
  the flip side of this is that immigrants have now brought their own distasteful views into the country that can not be discussed for the exact same reason . 
  it 's a pressure cooker of social unrest . 
  this is one of the two significant issues regarding membership . 
   even though the uk should indeed be given the necessary powers to prevent said people from leeching on their own social service system . 
  if they pay all of their taxes here why should n't they get access to the system ? 
  if they pay less then the benefits package for immigrants needs to be more clearly defined . 
  another issue is that their easier access to services above native citizens who contribute ; which has always been unfair . 
  the country owes less to new immigrants than it does to people who have contributed their entire lives . 
  this is putting the debate about people who never work and claim benefits to one side . 
   not to mention the hypocrisy : britain signed the current treaties , that includes qmv on a whole range of subjects . 
  this is the second of the significant issues . 
  it is more of a problem of domestic politics - the continuing and repeated faults of british politicians than anyone else . 
  the original referendum on joining the eec , european economic community , in 1975 was supported by the population as a trade agreement . 
  this means that nobody under the age of ** 59 ** has had the opportunity to vote on britain 's position in europe . 
  since then it has been used as a continuing mandate to sign up for every evolution of the eu project without referendum from the population . 
  in my opinion that is totally undemocratic . 
  roughly 43.5 million of the 64.1 milion inhabitants of the uk ( 67.8 % ) have never had even an opportunity to vote in a referendum on any aspect of the uk 's relationship with the eu . 
  to reiterate , the blame for this lies totally at the feet of british politicians for not allowing referendums on these changes in relationship in the past . 
  what we are seeing now is the backlash against the british establishment 's own unnecessary lies and lack of faith in the voting public . 
  the lisbon treat ` that is n't a treaty ' was a perfect example . 
  it 's been a long time coming . 
  the problem is that the majority do n't really want to leave the eu , we just want more autonomy on signing up to specific parts of the eu and its treaties which we would probably do anyway if we had the choice . 
  i do n't see a problem with a democratic choice in these matters . 
  my worry is that so much badness has gone before plus the social issues surrounding immigration and latent racism that the country will vote to leave . 
  it ultimately makes no difference to me ( dual passports , one eu ) but it would be a shame for all of the good people in the country . 
  voting out leaves the uk at the mercy of the antidemocratic politicians who created this situation . 
  voting in at least strips them of some power which they plainly abuse . 
  the problem then is getting meaningful reform from the eu . 
  however it is still significantly easier if we are in the eu club than outside of it . 
  ideally we could leave and reform our own government but pigs will fly before that day comes . 
  bad news everyone , they were ham and cheese sandwiches . 
  religious leaders are already writing angry letters to the times . 
  politicians will do whatever the largest voting demographic will do . 
  right now that 's the grey army . 
  young people need to start voting . 
  i was pro-grammar schools for many years having had the misfortune of comprehensive education inflicted upon me . 
  however in the past ~ 5 years there has been evidence from academies that grammar schools would n't really help resolve the situation at all and that a general increase in funding for all school students would produce better results . 
  this is something that gordon brown pushed for but never achieved . 
  the figures bandied amount to a 50 - 60 % increase per student per year which would bring it in line with many private schools . 
  personally i think there are deeper structural reforms required in the education system like more intense banding to raise attainment ( kids of similar ability learn best together ) , changing the way teaching is delivered beyond writing on a whiteboard and textbooks to engage with other types of learning and a proper reintroduction of trade schools for kids who are not academically inclined . 
  all of that costs money to implement though ... 
  some intelligent do well already , specifically those who learn well by rote . 
  those of us who were incidentally bright but do n't learn well by rote are left to fend for ourselves in the comprehensive system and end up doing less well than we ought to . 
  there is work to do across the spectrum . 
  there 's definitely something about accents . 
  italians like me a lot , which is fine because i love italians . 
  nothing specific , there 's a latvian girl in my office , i 'll ask her :p, 
   most are loyal to natives . 
  from my british eyes it 's the same with lots of eastern european countries . 
  the cultural ideals about what is attractive in a man are very different . 
  until the radicalisation of apples stops we will have to continue to monitor all fruit , including bananas . 
  why not both ? 
   the reality is that these people are fed bs about their imaginary `` homeland '' . 
  i think that 's probably true for religious extremists too . 
  they 're fed bs about how wonderful a new caliphate would be , ignoring the fact that countries run by religious fundamentalists are consistently shit . 
  they hear stories about how great it is back in their home country but rarely stop to think about why they left . 
  they think changing their new home to be more like their romantic old home is a good idea ... 
  the whole gypsy situation is quite difficult .
