we did change it , that 's what the toll is for . 
  it 's fine . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/news/fairer-deal-for-uk-hauliers-in-hgv-road-user-levy-act  most eu states charge lorries for using their roads e.g. 
  a vehicle doing a 2-day return trip from the uk to belgium , luxembourg or the netherlands will pay $ 16 in user charges . 
  they do but the system was previously skewed . 
  we had to pay to haul to europe and there was no equivalent cost for european firms to haul to the uk . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/news/foreign-truck-firms-set-to-pay-to-use-uk-roads-for-first-time  uk truck drivers working in europe currently pay tolls and levies when delivering goods abroad . 
  but foreign trucks operating in the uk have not been required to make a similar payment . 
  technically nothing but it is wasteful to send trucks across to the continent to fill up on fuel and then come back to do business , not to mention the loss in tax . 
  the toll closes the loophole and inefficient use of resources . 
  the reason it was implemented was that truck drivers from the continent would fill up their tanks on the mainland , hop the channel , do all their business over here then go back to fill up . 
  uk taxes on fuel are high and these obviously pay for infrastructure . 
  without the toll or fuelling here it puts domestic haulage firms at a distinct disadvantage as well as reducing tax revenues . 
  as a neoliberal country we do n't like tariffs particularly but in this case the interests of business and government were aligned . 
  the dispute seems to revolve around the uk government providing sufficient evidence of lost opportunity ; something it should easily be able to do . 
  i did n't say anything about colour or religion . 
  there are plenty of self-proclaimed progressives that support pretty regressive things . 
  only those on the far left . 
  us centre lefties are sick of it just as much as everyone else . 
   if you 're so blinded by your political correctness that you refuse to acknowledge the incompatibility of islamist ideology with the progressive values you so passionately say you base your politics on , then you might have a problem . 
  and a pretty serious one as well . 
  the whole argument in a nutshell . 
  it 's not progressive to embrace regressive stances . 
  being inclusive ought to come with implicit requirements like supporting equality . 
  it would be like a big , inverted xenophobic zoo . 
  they can serve as a warning to the others about what happens when they try to integrate with mainland europe . 
  just float the conservative parts off into the atlantic and let them get on with it . 
  decline was the wrong word . 
  i meant a managed unwinding of the euro project in it 's current form . 
  it makes sense to group strong and weak economies together separately but the proponents of the single currency have always argued against this . 
  i do n't see asian countries dominating necessarily . 
  china has serious internal political problems right now which might fracture the country in the coming decades . 
  the next century is going to be very interesting and not necessarily in a good way . 
  this is a problem designed into the euro when it was first conceived . 
  there is no inflationary adjustment mechanism for different economies within the euro . 
  if germany and the stronger economies are unwilling to pay for failing periphery economies that are suffering as a direct result of their monetary policy then the whole thing is going to fail . 
  the choices are these : 1 ) embrace deeper fiscal union between sovereign countries and euro members . 
  that may mean direct tax raising powers for brussels . 
  this can then be spent on masterminding and developing the european economy as a whole . 
  2 ) do nothing and watch as the smaller economies drop out of the euro like greece is threatening to do because they are hamstrung when it comes to matters of inflation . 
  the ` third way ' where things can continue as they are will result in an explosive failure rather than a managed decline . 
  the junior doctors strikes piece was pretty much like that . 
  i remember it being the same with pro-id card pieces under new labour as well . 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  maybe there 's a youtube channel worth doing !, 
  it really is . 
  the presenters will preface soundbites by often saying things that are completely contrary to what the experts they interview say . 
  doubly so for any contentious topic of government policy . 
  presenter : `` experts are broadly in support of jeremy hunt 's plans '' expert : `` nobody on earth supports these plans '', 
  bbc as a whole , possibly . 
  bbc news , no . 
  bbc news is equivalent to russia today . 
  the biased propagandist shit that dribbles out of that department is atrocious . 
  i have no faith in our parliament to do anything other than fuck stuff up for the majority . 
  red , blue , both the same . 
  i do n't necessarily think the eu will do a better job but i 've seen nothing that makes me think our lot will . 
  can you explain or substantiate any of that please ? 
  i do n't believe there is any overlap between the arguments at all . 
  could n't have happened to a nicer guy . 
   as soon as that happens , it will be full steam ahead with project communist europe and then we will be under full control . 
  part of the in/out vote was for britain to step away from ` ever closer union ' . 
  that 's one of the concessions that cameron got and i maintain it 's a very big and important one . 
  i mostly agree with you but i have no faith at all in our political establishment and do n't see many reasons to leave the eu . 
  boris johnson 's spirited and utterly fucking terrible support of brexit on the andrew marr show a few months ago cemented the ` in ' vote for me . 
  it needs reform unquestionably , that 's where our efforts should be going . 
  the eu will collapse a lot faster without us . 
  it 's unquestionably better for us to guide the sinking ship so we can have a hand in the next iteration of it . 
  we 're not obliged to be part of any federalisation nonsense which means we have the luxury and the best of both worlds . 
  britain is extremely isolated from european politics in the media . 
  we know the french and german pms but ask the average punter who the pm of italy or spain or the netherlands is ? 
  not a chance . 
  you have n't accounted at all for polling bias . 
  in short some people do , some people do n't . 
  the majority do not give a fuck . 
  they give marginally more of a fuck after the snowden expos\u00e9 . 
  did i say that ? 
  it 's only one poll . 
  the reason i can say that is because i was involved in no2id and just about every other anti-surveillance group going since the 2000s . 
  most people just do n't give a fuck . 
  they support the idea of law enforcement being able to do their job but when it comes to specifics they just shrug . 
  neither side have the majority . 
  the majority of people do n't give a damn . 
  it 's not something that is on people 's radar . 
  the us pays for a great deal of gchq 's activities in britain . 
  the extremely permissive legislation here is a wet dream for intelligence services . 
  the problem is that the two major parties , labour and conservatives , both support extremely invasive surveillance . 
  the liberal democrats and green party have resisted it in the uk and in the eu . 
  also there are some people who actually support this shit . 
  they 're real , they exist , and i have no idea why they support it because most people will not benefit from it . 
  the greens have a lot of power in the eu because they are part of a pan-european green voting bloc . 
  they 're very pro liberty , freedom and justice as well as privacy and that sort of thing . 
  none of the other parties ( con , lab , lib , ukip ) actually do anything useful there besides riding the gravy train and acting like funts . 
  volatility means opportunity for profit . 
  making a steady 3 % year-on-year is boring . 
  making a cool 50 % by screwing up national economies and fucking with developing nations is the way to go . 
  i do n't think british politicians are much cop and in modern times seem to produce utterly abysmal legislation when given the opportunity ( see : ripa , dripa , snooper 's charter ) . 
  i have no faith in our political establishment to do a good job of anything , let alone negotiate favourable conditions for the uk outside of the eu . 
  * if * we had an effective political establishment that actually was n't hellbent on destroying everything then i 'd probably agree with you . 
  but we do n't . 
  it was the same in london when he visited last year .
