  round 1 !, 
  fight !, 
  i would n't say half way but some effort is a good idea . 
  ah yes the old saying :  when in rome impose your culture on the host country and cry bigotry if they do n't indulge your incompatible beliefs . 
  personally i 'm glad we 're sacrificing decades of feminist struggle on the altar of religious ignorance . 
  the effectiveness at what they 're tasked with , workload and output . 
  the eu 's paper pushing skills put most national government 's to shame . 
  on top of that it 's surprisingly good value for money apart from the whole brussels / strasbourg farce . 
   the uk can adapt and change far quicker to a changing world than a stagnating , paralysed and protectionist eu . 
  we will consistently secure poorer trade agreements than we would if we were in the eu by virtue of having fuck all leverage . 
  we will also spend more money doing so because we 're having to arrange matters for ourselves instead of letting the eu 's efficient bureaucracy do it . 
  we will still have to harmonise great swathes of our legislation to what the continent is doing simply to continue trading with them . 
  i 'm not seeing many up sides here besides trade with people who do n't really want to trade with us . 
   the balance of probabilities supports staying in the eu of course but there are no guarantees with either choice . 
  the fact that even the leave campaign abandoned their positions entirely as soon as they 'd won kind of indicates that is n't true . 
  we will be worse off economically outside of the eu and unable to deliver any of the promises of reducing immigration etc. 
  end of . 
  the fact that theresa may , the one person in the entire country who has been in control of immigration and failed to do anything appropriate with it over the past 6 years , is now leading up the charge on the leave campaign shows how utterly fucking crap our political establishment is . 
   it very much depends on future decisions by the uk government . 
  the balance of probabilities supports the idea that the uk government are fucking useless at the best of times and outright dangerous most of the time . 
  long term economic plan my arse . 
  the only legitimate arguments for leaving the eu revolve around abandoning a corrupt and unwilling to change supranational government . 
  even then , our lot are no better and we 'll be fucking our economy in the process . 
  sounds like a bum deal all around . 
  the turkish community in london are nice in my experience . 
  i have no idea what the situation is like in germany though . 
  british newspapers and the british political establishment are both abysmal . 
  i have no idea why people voted in support of them . 
  in farage 's defence he was roughly correct about the number of bulgarians coming over ( tens of thousands ) . 
  none of this bothers me particularly . 
  we already have laws to deal with people who cause trouble and those who do n't are welcome . 
  beautiful women ? 
  yeahno . 
  most of our hotties in london are imports . 
  i wish we could ... 
  i know , so i was saying i do have contact with non-racist pensioners . 
  no worries !, 
  that 's your opinion , not one i would disagree with necessarily ... maybe they should have taken them seriously . 
  there are fundamental issues with the eu and inarguably the many institutions seem unwilling to reform . 
  david cameron went to the eu asking for gruel and came away with watered down gruel . 
  i wanted to stay in and attempt to reform it but leaving is just another path to take . 
  they did and do - [ right-wing ukip have said it on many occasions ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12018877/the-truth-how-a-secretive-elite-created-the-eu-to-build-a-world-government.html ) . 
  infact the current leader of our left-wing labour party has also repeatedly voted against european integration for decades . 
  whether or not you agree with them is another matter but this is n't a sudden occurrence . 
  fun edit : charles de gaulle rejected british attempts to join the eec back in the 1960s because he thought britian was fundamentally not european enough . 
  i think the younger generation are more integrated and european than the older generations which logically leads me to conclude that we 'll probably try to join again in a decade or so . 
  depends how it fares really . 
  i 'm hardly a unicorn , 27 % of 18-24 and 38 % of 25-34 are still millions of people . 
  some of us talk to our colleagues at work , even about politics !, 
  mostly that the uk had n't signed up for the eu in it 's current incarnation and fundamentally do n't agree with the ` ever closer union ' which cameron failed to get established as a treaty . 
  any eu president could have overturned that concession unilaterally . 
  ca n't really argue with that . 
  we only voted for the eec and even then promises were broken immediately after joining about how it would function . 
  no i have plenty of contact with people who voted brexit surprisingly even here in london . 
  none of them are racist as far as i 'm aware . 
  that may have been the case for some people but lots of people i knew voted to leave for legitimate reasons . 
  whether or not we agree with their reasoning is irrelevant . 
  never forget the wexford pikemen ... 
  i do n't understand how people can disagree when a majority in the uk literally just voted to leave . 
  i voted to remain to be fair but i 'm honestly surprised it was as close as it was . 
  it is true because whenever there 's a spike there 's an upside and a downside . 
  everyone wants to be on the upside and nobody wants to be on the downside . 
  getting that right is the hard part . 
  i 'm not defending either of them . 
  people made their own choices to uncritically believe that claim . 
  it 's on the ` out ' voters . 
  politicians did n't cast all those votes . 
  it 's as if he had a vested interest ... 
  i said the same of juncker and got downvoted . 
  people are naive as hell . 
  share prices fell by 8 % on average . 
  yes , it 's important to punish the 48 % of voters who wanted to remain . 
  volatility is where profit is made . 
  i 'm sure it 's a factor . 
  that and lots of older people are just misanthrophic buttheads . 
  only older people buy newspapers . 
  most are garbage regardless of their political biases . 
  juncker is the guy who was influential during lumexbourg 's rise as a tax haven . 
  kicking london out of the eu would mean more business for his mates . 
   it was a bit frustrating to me at the time , because a lot of time was spent eating and drinking rather than working , but i now see the importance of developing good will among the participants . 
  soft power is still power . 
  stay in but distant , wait for the eu to fail , reform it . 
  he is a hacker who does n't afraid of anything . 
  in the uk our supermarkets have put so much pressure on cow farmers that they can barely sustain bringing product to market . 
  many have already left the industry . 
  a difference of 0.2 $ per litre would mean they could produce milk profitably and sustainably . 
  i do n't think we import much milk as a result . 
  it 's a good measure of disproportionate media coverage . 
  airstrip one has provided a great service to oceania . 
  i do n't get the impression this sub is anti-british at all . 
  infact everyone gets along pretty well . 
  how about we start a club or something for all the people in europe ? 
  crazy idea i know . 
  it 'll never work !, 
  the euro is n't a currency ? 
  til . 
  investors want to avoid losing money ( falling markets , currency devaluations ) and they think german bonds are a safe place to put their money to protect against that . 
  there are so many people that want german bonds that they 're even willing to lose money in the process for that additional security . 
  this means that there are more people worried about long-term economic problems than before . 
  `` they 've taken away our funding ! '',
