  hey !, 
  i 'm a hindu currently studying the torah and plan on starting with the talmud soon . 
  never learnt much of either growing up . 
  yup . 
  the pakistanis tried to genocide my family before i was born , and did almost kill me . 
  so you can guess my regard for those wilfully blind to islamist terrorism . 
  hmm . . 
  i do n't know ? 
  adherence to a paedophile worshipping death cult , with a political arm intent on waging war against liberal democracy and western civilization ? 
  what 's the bet the criminals here are all of celtic origin ? 
  a time bomb is still a bomb to stop at the border . 
  hindus never sought to convert forcefully in modern history . 
  i 'm indian . 
  good fucking luck . 
  you can screen at the border . 
  britain is a surveillance state which ca n't protect its citizens . 
  give up all civil liberties re : privacy ; still get murdered . 
  bloody disgrace . 
  does n't mean the trend does n't hold . 
  just yesterday there was a bombing in pakistan . 
  now there 's apparently one in a country with a lot of them . 
  multiculturalim , emphasis on culture , never works . 
  it 's not like they 'll act . 
  if it 's terrorism , sadiq khan thinks it 's normal . 
  if it 's a manufacturing or maintenance flaw , chances are human callousness will lead to a repeat . 
   terrorism is so frightening because it is in the home country . 
  just like certain people they imported . 
  then kill those people . 
  simple . 
  okay , let 's play ice cold , pragmatic politics then . 
   the cause of death will have huge political implications . 
  then why fear it being islamists ? 
  they 're already grooming , raping , and murdering hundreds . 
  if you 're truly benevolent , would n't the cause being so save more lives than a transformer blowing up ? 
  i 'm sure the dead care . 
  islamists ca n't do shit if you keep them out . 
  even the 9/11 terrorists were the byproduct of western benevolence . 
  if the `` far right '' , known internationally as the * common sense of preserving your own country , * had its way , there 'd be 0 attacks . 
  what difference does cause of death make ? 
  even less for you to hope or not hope for cod ( i ) or cod ( ii ) . 
  you do n't seem to be cognisant of the definition of a `` straw man argument . '', 
  i did n't assert anything . 
  i asked a question , and it 's clear that the mob does n't like to think . 
  did i say all were paid , or ask if you thought none were ? 
  do you have a reading disability ? 
  you 'll discover one day that most `` purely grassroots '' movements are influenced or controlled , sometimes from the get go . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  look at the initial coverage of the arab spring . 
  you 're really bad at this . 
   whataboutism no , that is not what that word means . 
  i 've responded to the subject itself . 
  kindly answer . 
  answer the q please . 
  no , you 're absolutely wrong . 
  the reason / u/olympios-zeus 's country had a problem in the first place was because the eu took them in despite knowing their problems , to reduce the value of the eu and expand the scope of the eurozone , into a monetary union without the necessary fiscal union -- because the people did n't want the loss of sovereignty a fiscal union mandate , but the elites thought they 'd cram it down eventually , even without a public referendum on it , as macron is now beginning . 
  it was a false sale ; a scam . 
  and even though the government of greece should have known better , they 're to little blame more than the governments which also lied to their citizens regarding the costs of including greece , and the requisite damage to self determination any monetary union would entail . 
   insanely rich mogul puppeteering whole countries from the shadows can not incite sympathy . 
  his agenda is dubious at the very least , methods insidious , distrust is understandable . 
   we know that he made himself very powerful politically without democratic mandate . 
  the person you 're replying to believes in the philosophy of `` no wrong methods , only wrong targets . '', 
  that 's why moneyed interests destroying lives is perfectly fine and dandy , as long as they 're pro-migration . 
  europe does n't believe in free speech , freedom of association , and self determination . 
   i do n't understand the difference he is making between triggering and moving money in anticipation . 
  is n't that the same thing ? 
  then please do n't comment as if you know anything about market speculation when you ca n't tell it apart from illegal influencing , and what is essentially insider trading with public money . 
  so do you think that none of the ngos are paying protestors or other political agitators ? 
  and that none of the ngos is funded by soros ? 
  will every single refugee and any children they have be deported ? 
  if not , it 's an immigration quota , especially given what we know of their origins and means of transportation . 
   socialism doesnt mean dictatorship , and it isnt a dirty word either . 
  name 3 successful socialist governments . 
   in mine , apple had a higher revenue and has more employees than it does in ireland ... 
  yet apple pays here less than 1 % of the tax than it does in ireland . 
  is that fair ? 
  yes . 
  your government helped set up a system like that . 
  you allowed them in without guaranteeing that wo n't happen . 
  country is fine with a tax policy . 
  company is fine with a tax policy . 
  the eu is attacking the country for not being business-unfriendly enough ; losing its one major strength . 
  yeah , waiting for the eu nationalists to spin this one as a positive . 
  end government healthcare and subsidies . 
  eliminate everything but medicaid or such for critical surgeries and from-birth conditions . 
  end all corn subsidies . 
  watch the problem solve itself . 
  honestly , have you never considered that the government removing even the ` cost ' bit from the life/death equation has lead to the inheritance of terrible genes and behavior , thus weakening the population ? 
   we are deporting people we previously agreed could stay in the us . 
  that is the reason everyone is so pissed off . 
  wait , your argument is that all mexicans have the to stay in the usa ? 
  cause those being deported came illegally . 
  and i actually understand how `` judge not lest you be judged '' applies to leviticus law re : crimes against god 's law vs the law of men . 
  has it ? 
  medicaid funds 70 % of births in new mexico . 
  similar numbers all over the south . 
  college graduates fail the wordsum test , schools are failing , the richest pay almost all the taxes and are offshoring wealth . 
  it 's no surprise domestic terrorism and cartel activity are so high . 
  ever seen the experiment featuring microbes in a sugar solution ? 
  they will reproduce , and keep doing so , as long as food conditions permit . 
  the population is kept in check by death and lack of resources -- failing which you see ecological imbalance .
