  * the united states imported a radical who spawned the killer and is now cutting back on screening for importing more . 
  explain how 2a is n't valid and needed . 
   ** arms are defined as a tool used in self defense only . 
  a handgun can entirely fulfill those criteria , and is much less likely to be used for non-defensive purposes . 
  ** ** the vast majority of gun homicides in the us are committed by handguns . 
  ** handguns are easy to conceal and often more likely to over-penetrate ( esp . 
  ** the ar-15 is most commonly used as a hunting rifle , and was n't even used in the fucking shooting . 
  ** as long as the state can not shut down people who do n't belong in the us from carrying weapons , and reduce shootings ( numbering 50 in a single weekend ) in anti-gun zealot strongholds like chicago while vt does fine , maybe you should rethink your position . 
   the second amendment specifically mentions `` the people '' not `` the individual '' or any other equivalent term . 
  which is why individual people can legally have their right to bear arms restricted when in prison , for example . 
  `` the people '' does n't mean the government , as you seem to be insinuating . 
  the reference is made clear a thousand or so times and is literally the starting portion of the doi . 
  [ ** convicted individuals are kept confined . 
  the whole reason it is consistent with the habeas corpus stance is that it is done after a fucking trial . 
  it 's why you may have their letters searched ( 4a ) and remove gun rights ( 2a ) . 
  ** ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/supremecourt/text/468/517 ), 
  as someone whose community churchill was extremely racist against , i 'd have him back in an instant over the current political drivel . 
  it 's always hilarious when a european tries to lecture on american constitutional law . 
  you do know that hillary made a constitutional amendment a core plank of her party platform , right ? 
  more like i 've run into this individual , and similar nuts , before . 
  guns are an equaliser . 
  which is why the raj banned them . 
  is that inherent link not obvious , so mud so that it must be explicitly stated ? 
  not in florida ( r 29 ) atm . 
  so , no . 
  considering i was called * names * for being a non-white who had a problem with illegal immigration , you can guess . 
  it 's funny when people assume my politics based on my ethnicity . 
  it 's quite telling . 
  example : indians had there guns taken by a racist brit law . 
  guns are a symbol of race equality for me , a bit like with mlk . 
  but for some reason , too many assume the opposite relation . 
  proved you right on brexit failing , on winning the nomination , or on gutting administrative overreach and finally bringing up nato welfare ? 
  aww , someone is cranky . 
  you know , for one so proudly declaring `` the women '' would stop trump , you 're really confident about your knowledge . 
   heh can you get more juvenile ? 
  we understand you 're still not over your `` i hate the rules i grew up under '' bit , but this is a tad more serious . 
  islam does n't take as kindly to radicals , and you 're still living in a delusional world . 
   any contribution is optional never my stance . 
  financial contributions are well within regulatory territory . 
  it is what people can and ca n't say , and controls of any kind over political speech which i consistently abhor . 
   the majority blind majority power , unrestrained by the strictest guidelines is how you get totalitarianism . 
  sometimes even w/them . 
  my flair is my allegiance . 
  hardly fake . 
  interesting mischaracterisation . 
  supporting a candidate who respects gun rights and federal limitations makes me the opposite of a fascist . 
  only one candidate wanted to abolish the 1st amendment and free speech -- it was n't trump . 
  my words were , on syria , `` if muslim countries want to kill each other , let them . 
  better than them being imported and killing us . '', 
  pakistan just smuggled nuclear technology to north korea last june , and is helping the saudis with their nuclear program . 
  they support terrorists who murder mine , and almost killed my family . 
  the world is a better place without pakistan . 
  stop being an islamist apologist . 
  i know you have personal issues with catholics , but now is n't the time to go full teenager . 
  i 'm stealing this analogy . 
   if the eu ever wants to be anything close to a federation you need to draw a line . 
  you need to have a certain commitment to the eu for every member . 
  this absolutist stance will kill any middle ground . 
  you 'll lose people on both sides . 
  but i do commend you for your honesty . 
  if the eu had perhaps been as honest , things would n't have gotten bitter . 
  not anti-eu , but general contempt . 
   `` sabotage '' who decides ? 
  that 's the central question you , and every other person not for absolute free speech , does n't get . 
  giving any government body -- legislative , executive , or judiciary -- the power to regulate or control speech is awarding democracy 's key power currency to an elite group already wielding disproportionate power . 
   * `` the path to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  '' * just ask any socialist/communist country or many of the people who supported the iraq war , and read the history of the french revolution . 
  it did n't . 
  the eu is a result of the peace . 
  nope . 
  i 'm saying the eu could exist because the wars had ended . 
  now it 's just attempting to appropriate credit . 
   the eu needs to enforce this at gun point . 
  there is no point to support goverments and countries that pay lip service to the eu while blaming it for all the evils ( and their own incompetence and corruption ) in the world . 
  so you will force sovereign governments to speak eu-approved lines or throw out their benefits ? 
  that 's eu control over the people 's representatives speaking freely -- with what is approaching a sanction as the `` or else '' 2 . 
  what the hell happens if the eu is indeed wrong , but thinks it is n't ? 
  humans are fallible , as are all institutions comprised of them . 
  does the eu then force politicians to cover for them , or risk being kicked out when their voters see the money dry up ? 
  the eu is given a tool to effectively use a nation 's voters against the government , and may exploit this for any number of negotiations . 
  do you see such a power as compatible with the legitimate role of national governments as checks to a foreign institution wielding ever more cards ? 
  i know this is / r/europe , but please do n't become blind to the inherent evils of any body upon which humans sit . 
  checks and balances exist for a reason . 
   * if men were angels , government would n't be necessary . 
  if governments were comprised of angels , checks and balances would n't be necessary . 
  * a basic rule any healthy system should follow . 
  no , this sub was super pro-immigration . 
  then after years of trends and everyday violence becoming all too obvious , truth caught up . 
  reality , i guess , has a right wing bias . 
  some did . 
  those same idiots and their clans endanger construction of massive dams , highways and power plants to this day . 
  some , like the gujjar tribes ( particularly lawless and famous for rioting , thuggery and raping ) , made it a point to attack/raid and plunder both the indian separatists and the brit/loyalists whenever a problem arose . 
  * india has been priding itself on `` unity in diversity '' for 70 years . 
  guess how well it works . 
  * ** hint : ** it has cost us 3 wars , 2 prime ministers getting assassinated , trillions of dollars worth of shipping going through an erstwhile friend ( now chinese ally , complete with submarine port on our border ) , and more . 
  do n't worry , you 'll be called a nazi for it . 
  kosovo and related conflicts , ukraine-russia , etc. 
  are n't wars ? 
  the eu has n't stopped any wars . 
  usa and russia nucleus involvement , followed by uk , france developing their own and the stationing of even more in other countries stopped war .
