  the first holy roman emperor who lead conquests into muslim spain and carried out forced conversions ? 
  yeah , his legacy is real strong . . 
  you do realise that ukraine lunging at eu/nato membership exacerbated the entire mess ? 
  cool . 
  tell me what happened to ukrainafter it pursued ( nuclear ) disarmament ? 
  or the militarily nigh-nonexistent tibet/india when the people 's liberation army came calling ? 
  neither putin and the pla were n't expected outcomes when the respective decisions were made . 
  that 's why you need a standing army . 
  yup . 
  an analogy of a nation giving up a deterrent would be libya/ukraine 's surrender of nuclear weapons or programs . 
  and we all know how well the `` international community '' supported those two ; ca n't imagine their citizens regret a thing . 
  it 's irrational to suggest that nations lacking a military presence of their own are often subject to international bullying , compulsion or extortion ? 
  or are you arguing that it 's irrational to not take a permanent step unless and until you 're confident it definitely wo n't backfire ? 
  great argument . 
  i fail to see how anyone could take you for a circlejerking idiot lacking any persuasive provisions or intellectual substance . 
   but how important it is for you to maintain this sovereignty and if it 's good or bad to lose some of it is do you want to take an action , historically likely to be a painful mistake , without the power to ever undo it ? 
  because that 's what losing sovereignty is . 
  especially over armed forces . 
   and many government would see this as a loss of sovereignty . 
  cause it is ? 
   i have no idea why people keep on suggesting these stupid things . 
  which would be an allegedly `` stupid '' solution , but still a solution . 
  or you can go about cleaning blokes off the pavements , and extricating girls from the hair of survivors , hoping there 's enough to fill a small vase . 
  exactly . 
  applies to every immigrant who refused to integrate . 
  and yes , that means every sharia loving nut . 
  last i checked moscow did n't have a pakistani mayor with ties to islamist extremists . 
  have you considered repatriating children of mena migrants to their nations ? 
  most of those nations grant citizenship based on descent/ethnicity . 
  very much achievable . 
  fun fact : uk does n't have a constitution . 
  it 's why all the nonsense surveillance and internet regulation is implementable . 
  if the majority in parliament so desired , they could solve all the problems within a week . 
   i would absolutely belittle a jew today hating germans because of the holocaust - yes , actually . 
  are germans nazis to this day ? 
  are they slaughtering innocents , including in new zones of created conflict ? 
  would you say the same of israeli actions in the 50s ? 
  that 's how recent this is . 
  this is personal . 
  you 're talking to someone who 's lost family to islamist genocide , who 's own uncles have been hunted/killed by islamists , and who himself , give 2-3 minutes , could 've died to islamist terrorism . 
  i can tell you family history which is one-sided , because it involves the slaughter of boys 10 years old by muslims who claimed peace and begged for mercy . 
  of trains full of slashed and chopped hindu/sikh refugee corpses arriving one after another , till patel/local leaders overruled nehru and returned the favor . 
  the reciprocal deterrent works . 
  the history of islam 's crimes may sound one sided , because it is a war fetishisation cult , per the actions of its prophet , it 's tenets and its followers . 
  somehow i doubt you 'd belittle the crimes of the holocaust the same way . 
  okay , let 's clear some things up . 
  cc : / u/perseus0807 , / u/cggreene2 , since i 'm being slandered so copiously 1 . 
  it 's against reddit rules to post personal or confidential information , especially regarding location or identifiable markers . 
  i 've reported you here , and previously , because your foolish outbursts linking info to this acc could easily be used to identify me . 
  i 'd appreciate that ending now . 
  kindly desist . 
  the word fascist does n't apply to me or my views . 
  please stop with the slanderous accusations . 
  now , i know you have previously agreed , verbatim , to * `` no wrong methods ; only wrong targets . 
  '' * therefore you are n't likely to possess the moral wherewithal to understand the severity of what you do , but please consider which one of us that makes a fascist . 
  i do n't endorse genocide . 
  i do , however , recognise the multitudes of genocides muslims have committed against my people . 
  timur and nader shah 's mountains of skulls ; auranzeb and mughals torturing children to death as part of their parades ; rapes as a standard weapon of conquest ; destruction of my ethnic home . 
  ** my own grandparents themselves are survivors of a muslim genocide euphemistically termed the partition -- riots and burning of hindu homes to force mountbatten 's hand ; the burning of trains of displaced victims ; countless forced `` marriages '' were all jinnah 's masterpiece . 
  ** as such , i would view genocides as a natural escort of islam , and am hard pressed to feel sympathy if the precedent bites the hand that fed . 
  i 'm on this forum because / r/europe is both fun and important , not because of your pestilence . 
  this 's the next front of meaningful dialogue and debate . 
  and it manages a good bit of it , * despite * your contributions . 
  not because of them . 
  your delusions are your own to nurture and let fester , but consider an audit of your overestimated importance . 
  you wanted attention ; congratulations , your inane recent stalking earned it . 
  they 've already left for foreign soil . 
   most people are n't morally bankrupt like you which is why the world has so much misery . 
  the most selfish thing you can do is try to feel better about yourself at the cost of millions of lives . 
  proof ? 
  just look to idiots inviting in islamists when they can feed and shelter 10x for a lesser cost if they were stationed in the mena . 
  or every well-meaning dumbfuck who supported collectivism -- venezuela , vietnam , mao or north korea . 
   morally bankrupt thanks for the compliment ; you just admitted my policy positions are practical . 
   that 's not really a solution for natural born citizens they voluntarily gave up citizenship , per us law when they chose to wage illegitimate war on it . 
  or so the bill would legislatively enshrine . 
  i 'm gon na recommend ted cruz 's solution :  [ expatriate terrorist act ] ( https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/361/titles )  a bill to amend section 349 of the immigration and nationality act to deem specific activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of united states nationality , and for other purposes . 
  same . 
  it 's always got one sad flag or the other on it . 
  did n't get to see the default skin for ages . 
  i know what apostasy is . 
  i mention it solely to show how pathetic the iranian ideal of justice is . 
  no more . 
  even if it 's not a threat to you , would you desire to submit yourself to their jurisdiction , or to condone that for others ? 
  palestinian voters democratically elected terrorists . 
  so much for any peaceful majority bs . 
  breivik becomes nicer to his guards . 
  an unstable teen gets in a brawl . 
  wonder who poses the more serious problem . 
  awesome post, 
  failing morality , if you wish to erroneously put morality foremost in international politics , you go with the practical benefits . 
   the saudis are literally performing a genocide and its getting little coverage and is a limited liability , where the united states and nato itself retain plausible deniability . 
   genocide if you trade with china , you 're complicit in mainstreaming genocide . 
  there goes that high horse . 
   you are mixing statements about realpolitik and statements portraying iran as morally abhorrent . 
  no , i 'm demolishing any facile moral-high ground iranian apologists purport to possess . 
  and then i 'm weighing , plainly and transparently , where and with whom an amoral , pragmatic , and practical gulf policy may be best served . 
  ** ps - ** look into the houthis and iranian funding of the yemeni civil war . 
  so , unicorn muslims ? 
  cause iran has sharia and death for apostasy . 
   government will never shut the borders as long as they are infatuated with saudi oil money .
