  that 's basic animal nature . 
  humans in developed countries have eschewed that primal notion of quantity uber alles . 
  we do n't blindly reproduce for reasons often not involving basal desires for propagation of the species -- almost the opposite . 
  turns out not everyone is like that , and that as long as they keep getting food , medicine , and other aid paid for by us , they 'll keep multiplying . 
  criminals often resist arrest or oppose law enforcement . 
  we do n't stop enforcing the law , nor should we . 
  ever . 
  wan na know a fun fact ? 
  the problematic bit on indian law , indian penal code section 377 , ** criminalizes all non-vaginal sex . 
  ** blowjobs and anal are literally criminal acts . 
  that straight indian men are n't protesting tells you everything you need to know . 
  i just answered it . 
  the lord 's resistance army 's an example of christians failing to live up to the bible . 
  sadiq khan is a failure of a muslim , per the quran and haddith , for not killing infidels -- unless he 's lying and will later betray or subvert them . 
  one ideology is benevolent ; one is n't . 
  if someone does n't adhere to ideology , that explains the exceptions you so enthusiastically quoted . 
   unlike you i do n't have delusions about my country . 
  in fact i dislike pretty much everything about india . 
  but my point about poland still remains valid . 
   i am heading over to the_donald now . 
  will drink their salty tears all night . 
  it 's always a self-hating idiot . 
  you hate your own country and hate others who love theirs . 
  no wonder you despise poland . 
  hell , you 're probably the sort of idiot who backed hillary clinton despite her serving saudis and qataris -- the barbarians who enslave your people . 
  could you fall any lower if you tried ? 
  sense has been a rare commodity , whenever the eu has been told they 're incorrect/acting in a harmful or unwanted manner . 
  for all the hullabaloo re : nationalism , eu `` loyalists '' show , to a astronomical degree , all the flaws they criticize . 
  moreover , they do so ignorantly , thinking themselves immune to all - for the eu is n't a country . 
  while simultaneously wanting it to become one . 
  in such an environment , what am i to expect ? 
  more like 60,000 in a few years , even if you believe it 'll only be 6000 lol, 
  or employers who would n't find non-zhcs worth it ? 
  assuming there are enough germans left in 4 generations for them to do anything . 
  the second latinos became a large percentage of the united states , it became racist to deport any foreign invader -- or even say the nation has a right to control its immigration . 
  only an insane retard would think islam and christianity the same . 
  a bad christian does n't abide the sermon on the mount . 
  a good muslim follows through with murdering infidels . 
  poland appears , on all accounts -- historic and present , to have a resilient people and culture . 
  neither will be true if you take in mena hordes . 
  why hate it ? 
  things are looking very optimistic , and consistent growth is always great . 
   although , yes it could have been done in other , more efficient ways but it 's too late now for that . 
  why is it too late to deport problems , when deportation is infinitely cheaper and involves less violence ? 
  does poland not have a right to decide who they let in ? 
  are they obliged to issue an `` excuse '' when they are a free country ? 
  they sure do n't appear to be the top 1 % of scientists , doctors , and engineers . 
  yes , we should pray for the unemployment of every single person in those 3 % . 
  do you even want it to be a success , or for it to fail ? 
  you really hate statistics . 
  how does it feel like being science denier ? 
  [ from wherever the anglosphere has , or may deem appropriate . 
  ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/top-30-countries-with-nobel-prize-winners.html ) [ not ] ( https://static.iq-research.info/20150809/img/iq_by_country.png ) from [ mena ] ( https://static.iq-research.info/20150809/img/iq_by_country.png ), 
   embalming notable figures like the queen or the pm . 
  you do n't embalm zombies . 
  all that you 've said is true . 
  both parties know it . 
  transparency is code for grandstanding and applying internal political pressure to demolish the u.k. side of negotiations while demanding unflinching loyalty within the eu . 
  the success of brexit is the greatest threat to the european union . 
  obviously . 
  the same denying it now proudly extoll the virtues of intimidation elsewhere . 
  besides , all the exporters and financial services employees paid based on value generation in foreign markets benefit from a lower currency . 
  the u.k 's a net importer trying to overcome their exorbitant and unsustainable current account deficit . 
  this is decidedly mundane . 
  this . 
  a labour glut fuels depressed wages and unemployment . 
  repatriation of salaries even more so . 
  if you 're trying to imply that there are n't enough , hence critiquing the nhs , that would result in extremely low unemployment . 
  besides , they 're trying to find enough to make the carcass look pretty before the burial , but the eu never was . 
  more morals than the average one , too . 
  goebbels 's job is literally the best a philosophy major can hope for : making powerful , popular arguments for causes disparate from reality . 
   this is really surreal . 
  european countries treating their citizens as a disposable material , and calling it `` progress '' . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  go to the authorities ? 
  it 's not like anyone cares . 
  if they did they 'd have more concern for their own than fear for being called racist . 
  poland and hungary are being attacked by the eu , as crowds cheer , for not selling out their people . 
   this is really surreal . 
  european countries treating their citizens as a disposable material , and calling it `` progress '' . 
  see the comments posted by half the eu flairs here . 
  or check out pew/yougov data . 
  this has become the norm . 
  they loathe nationalism so much , and are so inundated with propaganda , that they think it virtuous . 
   why do you refer to indians and arabs as asians ? 
   but they live in the uk . 
   and they 're not ethnically asian . 
  so educated . 
  this forum hates the british working class , of british origin . 
  it 's hilarious seeing that complaint now being directed at brit authorities . 
   because those cultures are incredibly toxic and patriarchical and sexually repressed complete coincidence that they 're also islamic . 
   i-can ` t-believe-it 's - real-and-not-some-breitbart-bollox reality has a breitbart bias . 
  remember when this forum thought refugee crime stats were n't nice , and was even more apologist ? 
  when the lies about refugee age and origin were `` baseless conspiracies ? '', 
  the truth catches up . 
  eventually . 
  it never will . 
  hollywood controls the news channels . 
  and of course , internet and tech companies are super pro-democrat , ideological allies . 
  they will reliably censor `` fake news '' regarding their base .
