  if you do n't reciprocate , you lose competitivity . 
  it 's infinitely better to play the mad deterrent . 
  not all of you . 
  hundreds/thousands is n't every family . 
  give it a few years . 
  manchester was the son of a refugee . 
  similar with orlando . 
  how many manchesters and orlandos will you have ? 
   this has literally nothing to do with refuggee policy fuck off ... just like heart attacks and diabetes have nothing to do with each other . 
  or , maybe , they 're both a result of lazy , self-gratifying foolishness . 
   france fucked up too , so ? 
  france forced the issue in libya . 
  france destabilised syria and the region with multiple interventions going back at least to sykes picot . 
  france is also the country which caused the vietnam disaster , pol pot , and the uganda/congo crisis during bill clinton 's term . 
   iraq i love how everyone pretends the kosovo/balkans intervention never happened  fuck off ... 
  still a better argument than merkel 's . 
   and at last you avoided my main point , fact that we almost always pay more per movie/serie than in us imported goods cost more if you make them pay dues to your government . 
  or impose onerous restrictions and regulations . 
   4 chan \\  half chan in 2017, 
  your own people will lose life or limb in large numbers . 
  i can bet on it . 
  america is a semi-lost cause . 
  there can be no care for the citizens of the land while foreign invaders are given resources , or even allowed to invade with impunity . 
  social programs ? 
  the us has spend trillions and trillions . 
  and things have gotten worse . 
  all praise lbj 's great society of bs . 
   guess which country staunchly opposes an eu army ? 
  everyone who 's realised how misguided its leadership will be . 
   even with refuggee spending we have a budget surplus , spend money on endangering your allies ; do n't spend money on meeting your obligations . 
  ** 9/11 hijackers operated out of germany because of germany 's retarded and suicidal desire for blind tolerance . 
  you 'll never learn . 
  **  seeing how the refuggee situation is a direct result of your retarded conflicts libya was a result of france . 
  us forces stepped in after france , and many other nato allies , failed to run a bombing campaign against a comparatively broke country . 
   also the only time article 5 was triggered we were there so please kindly shut up . 
  and all the times article 5 was n't triggered and the deterrent element was to be used , you were n't . 
   since nato has in recent history only been used to project american hegemonic power . 
  says the nation with the luxury to kill itself , all because of nato protecting it . 
   a joined eu army seeing your priorities , you 're more likely to end up using it against orban , etc than actual threats . 
   maybe time to reinvest some money extracted ? 
  government forcing foreign companies to pay them , and then using that money to create rivals ? 
  that 's state mercantilism . 
  literally the policy of trade wars . 
  which country do you belong to ? 
  \\  have budget surplus ; money to waste on refugees \\  refuse to do your part of the lifting \\  get all pissy when trump says nato is obsolete \\  refuse to support mutual defence ca n't imagine why anyone is sick of germany . 
   if it was n't for the usa , nobody would give a fuck about english . 
  the english colony which finally got itself free of the monarchy ? 
  yes , how could i ever view the usa as anything but wrong . . 
  nothing . 
  foolish economic pandering is your national religion . 
  carry on . 
   wtf did those country culturaly exported in the last 20 years ? 
  i love it when the terrible english and , somehow , even worse economic wisdom let 's me know it 's a frenchman even before i see the flair . 
  touche . 
  source is questionable , but remember that there was meant to be a coordinated bombing all the way from stockholm to manchester . 
  so the underlying notion 's sorta corroborated . 
  and i 'm telling you there is little reason to * buy * them back . 
  it 's a serious thread about a politician who , while serious , may as well be shitposting . 
  yes , he 's french . 
  and being the most political of any major speaker after the tragedy . 
   netflix ca n't afford all the big broadcasting rights for american hollywood blockbusters anymore so they produce their own . 
  because the studios are linked to the broadcasting companies and the internet companies . 
  so , obviously , they 'll try to screw over netflix . 
  congress needs to start using the sherman act and antitrust legislation against - * comcast universal / ( c ) nbc * disney/abc/espn * time warner/warnerbros , at&t good luck getting them to do so . 
  freer in an economic sense . 
  * uk falls under the `` or those with competitive entertainment exports '' category , * not the former . 
  one of the advantages of having a language so many of you speak . 
  uk content can sell , for it is intelligible . 
   this is one of the issues with being in a union with countries like france , who have no sense of how to regulate business and try to push their own culture down everyone else 's throat . 
  lol, 
   because it doesnt work if you want to have diversity and european made content . 
  you need quotas . 
   in other words , consumers do n't want it , and thus make it financially advantageous to provide . 
  so , to solve all problems , the eu regulations are here !, 
   against : great britain , denmark , finland , netherlands , luxembourg  aka the freer nations , or those with competitive entertainment exports . 
  this eu-wide populism , as protectionism is inevitably a tad bit redistributionist , is bound to create hurdles . 
   guess i 'll just have to chalk this up to cultural differences , i 've noticed that this kind of intervention is more acceptable in countries like france . 
  the country waging war against uber so that their overpriced , terrible-for-consumers , taxi unions do n't ~ ~ display discontent in a civilized fashion , and vote for someone else ~ ~ riot on the streets . 
  yes , how could that go wrong . 
   imho this eu content netflix quota makes no sense when we do n't even have a unified eu netflix this is pure protectionism . 
  it is forcing companies to buy inferior products to appease local producers , of entertainment content . 
  and i see no reason why , if this is imposed , trump and other foreign players , including the uk , should n't similarly strike back against eu companies . 
  you 're exceptionally foolish , and malignant . 
  who said anything about skin colour ? 
  you really know nothing about how the ltte situation destroyed india , long term . 
  as an indian , it 's catastrophic . 
  nope . 
  look up ltte , and that foreign policy death blow . 
  appropriation is n't living alongside . 
  dominance , as i said . 
  i could link to a greater list or series of prof. kagan lectures . 
  you 'd still disagree . 
  multiculturalim fails even within india . 
  rome practiced cultural dominance . 
  greeks did n't give the vote to outsiders . 
  multiculturalim in europe only took off after the importance of your culture to the metric of human evaluation , and similar regard for religious practices , diminished . 
  then too , multiculturalim only works in a limited sense based on common core values -- like axioms in a system . 
  incompatible ones demolish all . 
   rightwingers continue to exploit the wave of muslim terror in europe to push conspiracies about a wave of muslim terror in europe . 
  shameful !,
