i wish our politicians did n't play by washington 's tune on this one . 
  i would love to see the european nations finance their own defence and their lavish social indulgences . 
   but strong anecdotal evidence `` strong '' cause it confirms what the anti-brexit bbc was saying ? 
  conviction for the crimes committed after release goddamnit . 
   you should turn on your brain it 's working . 
  i know that since i recognize you as a blithering buffoon . 
   they are first time criminals i have a clean record . 
  may i kill you and all your family and plead that case ? 
   it makes sense to pay for their doings if they are paying with their lives , i agree entirely . 
   the result of prison is n't a better human in most cases . 
  a net negative converted to 0 is a marked improvement . 
   when you want to remove criminals from society , just execute or rehabilitate them . 
  but prison is n't a solution at all do you understand how incentives and deterrents work , or did they skip that in obedience school ? 
   they havent stole bread , because they were starving . 
  why should someone who steals bread cause they are starving not be meted out anything but the most stringent punishment for their crimes ? 
  does your suffering instantly remove from existence the rights to life , liberty and property of other citizens ? 
   anyone who is responsible for a gangrape should be considered mentally ill why ? 
  why does it have to be a mental illness when a human commits a heinous act ? 
  we humans are capable of free will , are we not ? 
  or is your argument that the defendants are * below-human * ? 
   / u/dysfunctionformia mentions the minor who got attacked and traumatized . 
  `` piss off '' - the enlightened nincompoop, 
  recidivism rates depend on conviction . 
  if you think scum like this suddenly become net positives to society , you 're off your rocker . 
   the point is here criminals should be able to pay to victims . 
  they should be able to - * rape and film a minor * pay blood money * walk off what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  links , please . 
  have you considered for the longest period germany has had a significant number of extremists but is only getting the mena islamists now , and that the per capita rate of extremist bs may now come into play ? 
   i am way more afraid of far-right people in germany than i am of the migrants or of potential terrorist attacks . 
  because ? 
   they 're only getting more empowered by the likes of donald trump , boris johnson , and the afd people who believe in nations and borders ? 
   fact of the matter is , that if you got rich of something you could instead have paid your workers more . 
  did you or your family ever directly/indirectly pay for your education ? 
  they should ask for a refund . 
   once again what you are saying does n't have anything to do with what i said . 
  if you ca n't see how much progress capitalism has brought to the world , how many lives have been improved , well , no facts are capable of moving you . 
   i come from germany actually . 
  let 's talk again in two years when you have pulled through with your `` hard brexit '' and let 's see which country more closely resembles `` hell '' . 
  and yet you are speaking my language . 
  also , are you sure you want to show nationalist pride after importing vermin ? 
   i have different assets , but we 're talking about a specific one here . 
  ok , let 's look into this one asset . 
   i trusted the uk to be responsible , which is what after all brings stability to a currency , but they 've been irresponsible oh , so you invested in an institution you could n't trust ? 
  is that why you want taxes - not trusting people to make reliable investments when left to themselves ? 
   they 've been irresponsible like a spoiled brat , thus stealing from me to fund stupidity . 
  sounds like somebody is talking about onerous taxes . 
    why do you assume every successful human is guilty ? 
  does it make you feel better ? 
   because you can only get rich if you 're taking money away from others . 
  all rich people have exploited other 's labour somewhere along the line . 
  you really had a great education in the east did n't you ? 
  that or a certain teenager just discovered their sweet spot for marx :   capitalism is designed in such a way that the rich get richer and poor get poorer . 
  nothing has done more for the alleviation of all humans than capitalism . 
  reddit and the internet are themselves the product of a capitalist society rewarding investment and innovation . 
   this is n't about the ussr or venezuela is it ? 
  i thought you were talking about whatever hell you came from , so why not . 
  did you invest in a currency subject to change or choose to keep a valuable amount of your portfolio in it ? 
  solid argument . 
   the rich few hoarding all money and ressources while others starve to death is evil . 
  get some perspective . 
  why do you assume every successful human is guilty ? 
  does it make you feel better ? 
  provide evidence that `` all money and resources '' are being `` hoarded '' in a world with extreme connectivity and copious trade ? 
  do people starve because of the success of others ? 
  last i checked breadlines existed in the ussr and socialist venezuela penalized individuals for acquiring too much food . 
  no one has a right to another 's labor . 
  are individuals ' personal property being stolen from them here ? 
   believing in welfare and a redistribution of wealth in society does n't mean you believe in every boneheaded law a government adopts . 
  it means you believe in enough dumb tyranny of the majority that you may as well go kooky to whatever end you please . 
  redistribution of wealth achieved legally and morally is evil ; larceny at best . 
  you 're no better than a communist revolutionary , just that you hide behind the tyranny of the majority in a manner a nazi may come to respect . 
   it normally refers to the size of the public sector , and to an extent taxation . 
  true , but i 'm talking about the passage of ordinance and legislation ; further regulation . 
  the kind of fiscal control many die-hard keynesians on this forum worship at the altar of . 
  all the big government types must be having a blast right now . . 
   from a legal standpoint gender , race , religion are all meaningless abstract concepts ( age being the exception ) not in the slightest . 
   the state of being united to a person of the opposite sex as husband or wife in a consensual and contractual relationship recognized by law okay . 
  seems to be in my favor . 
   the state of being united to a person of the same sex in a relationship like that of a ** traditional marriage ** aka a newfangled concept with limited true support historically . 
  it does n't bother me in the slightest what 2 consenting adults do , but please do n't go about acting like a word always meant what you wish it to mean . 
   and under what authority do you intend to enforce such an arbitrary and random clause upon millions of consenting adults ? 
   the standard definition of marriage which allows for a family to raise children ? 
  is that arbitrary now ? 
   and furthermore , why do people care ? 
  i do n't . 
  i just think the op argument is dumb . 
  equal social rights apply to individuals . 
  each individual is allowed to marry someone of the opposite sex . 
  why do you claim equal social rights is progress ? 
  society 's equality is n't a non-decreasing function wrt time . 
  greece lost democracy , egypt went to the muslim brotherhood , iran 's another fun case and the dark ages came after the height of pax romana . 
  why is same sex marriage progress ? 
  genuine question , not seeing the logic behind that assertion . 
    may has denounced rootless internationalism . 
  if that qualifies as `` authoritarian natvisism '' then so be it . 
   that 's literally the dog-whistle for jewish bolshevism you okay there ? 
  all fine on the top floor ? 
   good luck getting rid of unskilled indians , they never should have indiscriminately allowed in so many from india , pakistan , etc. 
  especially not unskilled individuals with limited language proficiency . 
  there was no lack of european , asian or even african doctors , scientists and talented professionals they could have imported ; yet chosen were whole clans whose greatest contribution might be that they can cook their local cuisine properly and hopefully not break laws .
