   you attitude is childish . 
  i think you need to be taken down a peg or two . 
  you refuse to take responsibility for your actions and i sincerely hope you ** pay ** for it . 
   greek flair , 
   the eu is bound to defend the interests of their members . 
  is this a new fad ? 
  and we thank your elites for the exit . 
   except maybe `` we rule ourselves again hurrdurr '' it 's okay . 
  we do n't expect a german to get it . 
   fine , be british to the bitter end . 
  sounds like you are complimenting / u/imperator __ , 
  also that with australia , nz , us , canada , india and more already lined up , britain has no shortage of countries willing to cooperate with it on better terms than the above guy may expect . 
  heck , some of the above actually intend to help britain negotiate with the eu , and feel culturally tied to their success . 
  / u/thetonn said they should do what is best for their nation . 
  that is now `` retarded '' ? 
   so , basically , unless for some xenophobic reason you are scared of the word ` imported ' ridiculous . 
  it should be obvious to anyone with an intact cranium . 
  you take care of your own first . 
  always . 
  you have no responsibility to take care of the whole goddamn world , least of all people who hate your values and liberties , your people and their traditions/legacy , all the while your own still experience poverty . 
  charity is noble but nobody is entitled to it , and never at the expense of your own nation and its citizens . 
  how hard is that ? 
   its always funny how you are concerned about eu islamists while having a huge number of homebrew muslim extremists coming from the former colonies and showing absolutely zero sign of assimilation . 
  what 's the bet that many who voted leave are none too fond of that either ? 
   but that 's just advocating for using immigration to lower salaries . 
  and people wonder why working folk are less likely to support this mass inflow . . 
   or they could also be willing to work in jobs that other people wo n't take . 
  an uneducated , imported and possibly violent underclass to take all the jobs too dangerous , dirty or distasteful for well integrated workers . 
  sounds perfect !, 
  original was on breitbart , if you site search `` nigel farage approval '' you should find it . 
  for some reason breitbart is banned here , but al jazeera , the site that knowingly furthered al qaeda propaganda is n't . 
  genius !, 
   most people in the uk dislike farage [ compared to ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/tdkklii ) afaik this was an ipsos conducted survey , they 're pretty reliable . 
  they 've pretty much guaranteed `` independence '' , the negotiations on part of the government are n't going to exactly be ukip 's to manage . 
  please do so . 
  because what the eu needs to do is prove the leave camp right . 
  unsure myself . 
  which is why i had asked , not stated :p will be interesting either way , and eu 's handling of this should be most revealing . 
  think it 'd be more than a bit . 
  they 'd have to negotiate and they do n't have the most to offer . 
  further , they 'd be trying to change gbp ( non-eu , possibly punitive bs against ) for euros . 
  do you think they get to keep the gbp if they leave england ? 
  or do you think they 'll get the euro ? 
   as an example , italy has stalled india eu trade deal for years . 
  italian marines are on trial in india for killing indian fishermen . 
  india found it easier to strike trade deals with individual countries - france , germany , than the eu . 
  * italian marines killed fishermen . 
  then instead of claiming an accident they lied and tried to hide the facts . 
  * the italian ambassador gave an undertaking that they would stand trial . 
  * they went absconding and were laughing about it . 
  there 's a legal argument that if the indian government were to arrest the ambassador , who submitted an undertaking , they may have some ground to stand on . 
  ** popular opinion is that the raw should [ go full operation wrath of god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_wrath_of_god ) on the italians and eliminate them . 
  not necessarily my opinion , but there are many who want blood . 
  ** yeah , as long as italy remains , india is likely to be hostile . 
  even if the government makes overtures they 'll get called out in the current climate . 
  on the other hand , the uk is rather liked , with many feeling a bond for the anglosphere . 
   your post in particular looks exactly like the shit i see your average paranoid schizophrenic type  a mentally ill man on the internet quality discussion . 
  must take a lot of thought to pen inane babble and then insult others . 
  good day . 
  ********  every single person in this country is just as much of a danger to go around shooting people as he was . 
  you sure are in a position to question other people 's sanity . 
   india , i do n't think you understand india if you think it has as different clashing ideologies as the european sentiment regarding `` nationality '' and the more archaic thoughts being imported . 
   china there literally is a saying that if the japanese had been in china longer they 'd be speaking chinese . 
  they have consistently forced , peacefully or otherwise , any foreign rules/invaders to assimilate and the culture while ( like india ) differing in terms of dialects and other smaller details is largely similar . 
   japan topkek please tell me how japan is multicultural . 
  go on . 
   ottomans you do realize they were literally the caliphate and demanded compliance ? 
  even after suleiman the situation was n't anything like embracing foreign cultures . .  ussr , etc complete dictatorship in practice , 0 liberties . 
   but churchill advocated using poison gas against tribes in africa . 
  i 'm a huge fan of haber . 
  he maintained it was more humane , and even it was not , death is death . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritz_haber i do n't think , of all his criticisms , that that is in any way even a slight . 
  i do n't know why you do . 
   oh i agree , i like democracy and fully believe in its ideas , but the populace needs to understand things and be informed of the details . 
   considering both private media ( turner/time warner , nbc , murdoch , etc ) are scum and government owned ( bbc ) not above extreme bias and outright gagging thanks to the crown , i do n't have much hope . 
   i just do n't want my people and culture to be replaced , partly or in full . 
  agree wholeheartedly . 
  to suggest otherwise , or to suggest what you have said is anything less than correct is insanity . 
  sadly , insanity is widespread in some parts of the world . 
  i do n't understand the rush to import foreigners to place social engineering/demographic gerrymandering or to otherwise ignore the preservation of local peoples and their culture . 
   well , rome was multi ethnic more than multicultural but that was my first thought . 
  rome forced assimilation . 
  and roman society was not egalitarian in any sense - the kind you would find abhorrent in most developed countries . 
  you can not have true equality unless you pledge to a common supreme ideology - somewhat worked throughout history , does n't with islam - or common community - how you convince people to care for their fellow citizen - but never how it is now desired . 
  self interest of the people represented supplants any ideological or otherwise misplaced sense of responsibility . 
  failure to accept that , regardless of any moral questions , is a failure of leadership and a betrayal of those who have chosen you to represent them . 
  of course , the term `` betrayal '' can only be applied to a chosen government , and is the only one i mention because any government not given their authority by the people is already illegitimate . 
  ********  you want to follow are china the middle east and africa i do n't respect unilateral suicide just for moral grandstanding . 
  and if these are the regions which have sense enough to avoid that , then these are the regions doing the right thing . 
  if anything , that they are better than some other ideologies in more `` advanced '' places should trigger an unpleasant epiphany in certain parties . 
   eu trade tariffs that damage the economies of developing countries , and immigration polices that allow free movement of mostly white , relatively wealthy eu citizens while putting up barriers to mostly non-white relatively poor people from elsewhere are n't at all xenophobic , not to say racist ? 
  nope . 
  if it is looking out for the people of the eu , and just because they are of similar appearance or ethnicity does not mean that the nations should not put their own people 's interests above those of outsiders . 
  in fact , anything less than that is a betrayal . 
   the second amendment is not infallible , amendments can be changed as the need arises . 
  i know your gun cult dislikes this idea , but sometimes society changes it 's pre-existing laws for the better . 
  i 'd say the founding fathers knew more about society and law than a random jerk on reddit , but let 's give this a shot . 
  * the florida police told a gay man they can not protect him . 
  * the fbi were informed by the gun store of an investigated , terrorist watchlist ex-member who was unhinged .
