  romans deduced many scientific principles because they needed them to supply their cities with water and sewage systems . 
  this was expanded upon to build structures of worship and is one of christianities great contributions to the world = they funded science . 
  but he is quoting the works of others , like pew et al. 
  so his own agenda doesnt really come in to it , of course the entire reason he made the video is because he is very pro-israel , but the numbers he is quoting are objective . 
  the pew polls on osama bin ladin are especially concerning , he was extremely popular when he was succesfull in killing western civilians , he became very unpopular when the us started punishing the countries who enabled him . 
  it shows an underlying trend of supporting whoever can damage the west , but disliking people who draw anger towards them , its like opportunism ^ 2 . 
  yes but thats a symptom of the broken culture . 
  even in hard-left sweden , ethnic swedes who receive wellfare feel bad about being a wellfare-receipient . 
  this is because people are aware of the fact that the system only works as long as there are contributors to the system and people dont want to be a burden in our cultures . 
  arabs have no problem being burdens on others because they have this sick conspiracy-fetish that tells them the jews , the cia and europeans are all secretly fucking them over , so fucking them back is not just ok , its positive . 
  / r/europe is overrun with turkish people trying to promote turkey into the eu , any critical posts will be dowvoted , , ,, 
  hey dude , whenever you criticize turkey on / r/europe you get these neo-ottomans replying to you , i hope you have a nice day and that we never share our sovereignity !, 
   edit : thanks for all the downvotes erdogan !, 
  i hope your mom enjoyed it as much as me !, 
  there is no point in discussing further since you say that the fact that the me is shit has historic reasons , yeah i pointed out it has a shit history which you claim is racism , so tard-alert off the wall . 
  shame on you instead , for accusing people of racism . 
  you overexaggerate the contributions of a region that statistically should be one of the major contributors to the world , but has done next to nothing . 
  there is not a single university in the middle east ( excl israel ) that contributes valuable research . 
  not a single company that contributes valuable goods and services , only oil . 
  in fact , excluding oil , the middle east combined wouldnt even have the gdp of a 2nd tier european country like spain . 
  your the kind of person who wants teachers to give the highest performing students the same grades like the special needs children . 
  the degree to which the abassid caliphate was a hub of learning is debatable . 
  it certainly was the islamic golden age , but that says more about how defunct the region is than how much progress was made . 
  the prime contribution of arab culture is that while europe disintegrated , they kept the products of european thinking alive and preserved , so that when europe rebounded , the christian church could slowly rebuild europe through the monastery and later university where these texts were reintroduced to europe . 
  there were quite liberal thinkers in baghdad , but baghdad again falls under the same category as alexandria , jerusalem , constantinople and other cities in that they arent products of islam , they are conquests . 
  and under muslim rulers , they did not develop and rather stagnated . 
  a product of muslim scholarship was a book called pleasing the beloved , i could not find the name of the scholar as i forgot it and google doesnt return anything . 
  anyway it was a scientific approach to love and sex . 
  however , in the end this scholar had to flee for his life for upsetting the powers to be with his liberal views on sex and equality of genders . 
  the prominent view on sex and gender that is prevalent today stems from this era as well . 
  the fact that a woman has to consent to sex at any time the man wishes comes from muslim scholars believing that male erectile function depended on frequent copulation . 
  its amazing how this scientific discovery became theological fact and still is alive and well today and we call it `` the golden age of islam '' . 
  the other guy i mentioned , ibn sina , was responsible for a lot of medical thinking , however it is highly unscientific at heart . 
  its mostly metaphysics and beyond this point there was never any work done . 
  i just invite you to take a look around your own possesions and notice if anything you consume is made by the middle east ( exl israel ) . 
  not even the gas in your car is made by the middle east , the raw oil is simply extracted from there , using western technology , then transported to western refineries . 
  same goes for russian produce really , i dont think there are a lot of stores that carry any russian products , they simply arent up to par . 
  there are however tons of products from taiwanese , japanese , korean and other non-western-geographically but ideologically western regions . 
  something in either arab culture or muslim theology is deeply inhibitive of what we would call progress . 
  since they are so closely married , it is impossible to distinguish them as well . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  to say istanbul is a european city is a political oppinion , not an objective fact . 
  muslim scholars didnt invent anything , they preserved greek and roman knowledge in a period of western decline , because greeks and romans had left them places like alexandria , constantinople et al. 
  you can make a case for ibn sina , but he is the exception not the rule . 
  the geographical area of the european byzantine empire was conquered by muslim tribes that turned into ottoman turkey . 
  unlike al-andalus and the moors , europe never reconquered byzantium and constantinople . 
  unlike islamic countries , after the failed crusades to retake european territory , we stopped and the issue was settled . 
  meanwhile , arabs are still trying to reclaim israel . 
  so , sorry not sorry but your oppinion is not factual . 
  i will say that irrespective of religion , there seems to be an east vs west agenda going on throughout history , xerxes and darius invading the west , alexander invading the east , the ottomans invading the west etc etc. 
  they all had different religions . 
  so perhaps its more accurate to say `` orientalism '' is alien to europe . 
  bosnia and albania are muslim countries geographically located in europe , yes . 
  but would anybody consider these countries to be on par with the rest of europe ? 
  they are even today hotspots of violence and poverty . 
  so they are not really european in the sense that europe is western , which comes with a certain set of values that are not present in any majority-muslim country such as freedom of speech , economic activity , science etc. 
  may i ask ( absolutely no sarcasm or anger ) , but is it not ok to hate islamists ? 
  in my mind , regular muslims are not islamists . 
  if your view is that all muslims are islamists , then i understand why this sentence would be hatespeech . 
  i \u00b4 m happy to be corrected . 
  i remember quite well actually , the associated press ( ap ) had a reporter there who confirmed it , and they are by far and away the most trusted journalistic source on the planet . 
  please dont play apologist here . 
  if anything it just goes to show that turkey should never be in the eu since they dont value european lifes . 
  whats more , islam is not a european thing just like buddhism , the great barrier reef and elephants . 
  so when a foreign element creates destruction , its ok for people to become defensive . 
  notice that this is not the same as saying all muslims are terrorists . 
  but if you get stung by hornets , the sane thing to do is to lick your wounds and think about how not to get stung in the future . 
  id like to point out that after the paris attacks , a whole soccer stadium of turks were chanting allahu akkbar during a moment of silence . 
  usama bin laden had a majority positive approval rating in muslim countries after 9/11 . 
  hassan nasrallah , the leader of terror group hezbollah is the most positively polled person in the entire middle east for decades now . 
  so who really has a problem ? 
  this is the hard truth that nobody talks about . 
  they want iphones , wifi , flatscreen tv \u00b4 s and nice cars . 
  the problem is , none of those things are possible under theocracy . 
  look at japan , they had a civil war between conservative and pro-western forces and settled the argument . 
  now japan can make atomic bombs like they make toyotas . 
  nobody is going seppuku for the emperor because people are riding maglev trains in to tokyo looking at comic books with naked women . 
  arab culture is inherently rotten and broken , and it is lashing out at externalities from hurt over its own horrid state . 
  nah he is with isis so its ok for him to do it . 
  wouldnt want to be racist now would we ? 
  no , the left-wing goes deeper than that on this issue , they claim all evils in the world on a foreign policy scale are due to the whole of the west through colonization and imperialism mostly , we are supposed to feel about something that didnt happen over 100 years ago in the way they descrbibe, 
  also , a lot of people silently agree with this kind of islamic terrorism . 
  they wouldnt themselves do it , but they support other who do it . 
  really scary to think of all the people from european countries who go to syria for jihad , they have at least 1 person each staying in europe who knows of it and doesnt report them ... 
  the difference is , turkey has no wellfare system comparable to even the worst eu states , so the migrants staying there are not interested in staying long term but rather treating turkey as a pit-stop . 
  because of uk-us relations the establishment has supported it , but that has never been publically ratified . 
  edit : as someone who is aware of antiquity , i feel the need to say that turkey on principal grounds should never be in the eu , i get a slight errection watching 300 or reading euclid et al. 
  this should help the brexit campaign as it allows the campaign to argue that staying in means sharing soverignty with turkey . 
  irrespective if you agree with erdogan and his policies , you have to admit he is incredibly successfull . 
  he is playing the eu like a violin . 
  i dont agree with those assertions at all , an optional war is optional irrespective of its place in time . 
  athens chose to invade syracuse in ancient times and syracuse was not an existential threat to athens . 
  on the other hand , athens had to fight persia or it would have perished . 
  in modern times , the us chose to invade iraq to improve things and fought britain for its right to exist . 
  if you dont like the war for independence or athens v persia , remember please that it wasnt untill d-day that a bigger invasion of europe was launched from foreign shores , it seems to me that 2500 years ago is a lot more modern than today . 
  syria is in an existential war against isis and at the same time its in a religious , secterian and geopolitical civil war between all kinds of groups . 
  i am not saying its easy to take sides , but the lesser of two evils is sometimes the only choice there is . 
  besides , much of this conflict is about keeping your own village safe , such is the war experience for kurds , they are not fighting for kurdistans established borders , but for kurdish areas to remain safe . 
  your hypothetical syrian with 0 allegiances is a poor example as evidenced by their culture clash once arrived in europe where they want relgious foods and customs supplied to them . 
  so obviously they care about being good muslims .
