it seems you are correct , however , they ran aground due to trying to evade swedish radar . 
  lol dude , it didnt just randomly decide to run into the seabed , it was intercepted and chased . 
  i am not albanian , im a western european tax payer who has contributed to the asylum-costs of sheltering hundreds of thousands of slavic and albanian refugees . 
  yeah they did `` some shit '' to you , because we have decided that continental europe is done with genocide . 
  what was done to you was purposefully forcefull , the intention was to discredit ultra-nationalist and corrupt regimes so that a democratic and free serbia could begin to grow . 
  nobody said that these things havent happened , it is beyond dispute that serbia was hit hard . 
  compared to japan or germany in ww2 ? 
  not so much . 
  same tactic but refined , if a population decides to erradicate one segment of itself , the response from civilized democracies in europe has been to utterly destroy them and impose such a humiliating defeat that the guilty party is forever discredited . 
  is it fair to the kids in dresden , hamburg , belgrade , hiroshima ? 
  no , but it is a necessary evil . 
  it is poorly written but it is a short remark , that doesnt detract from the fact that many serbians harbour anti-western sentiment . 
  im not playing a victim card as i am neither slavic nor muslim , as a western european we spilled blood and treasure to stop genocide inside europe in the way we wished we would have stopped hitler . 
  the fact that serbians cuddle up to russia and play the `` we were unjustly bombed '' - card is unsettling . 
  this smells just like taiwan vs communist china , where china accuses the us of everything between hell and earth in stereotypical cold-war rethoric . 
  serbian nationalists still salty about un/nato invervention to stop the genocide on albanian muslims make me reconsider the country \u00b4 s viability in the eu . 
  albanian nationalists should be more mindfull of whom they owe their statehood too though . 
  i dont remember that guy , i just remember the school \u00b4 s principal and public servants being interviewed who all gave objective descriptions of problems created by lack of integration . 
  i agree that sd is a horrible political party , but the problems are real , large and unfortunately growing . 
  it is certainly important to know your sources . 
  however , as a general rule , foreign news outlets usually report domestic issues with much more candor and sense than do the domestic news outlets . 
  i remember fox ran a story about growing problems with integration in sweden some 8 years ago , at the time the common sentiment in the country of sweden itself was to put a lid on the problem and not put stories like that in the news , and now in its latest elections , the far-right sweden-democrats took a whopping 13 percent of the electorate by playing on this one issue alone . 
  it would not be `` stooping below '' , karelia is finland , no matter how you spin it . 
  ingria on the other hand , its been so long and the population is entirely slavic so that would be more of a conquest . 
  as for russian territorial landgrabs , k\u00f6nigsberg comes to mind as another unjustified claim , it should be germany or poland . 
  you are right in saying that we never had colonies because our lands are mostly wodden patches filled with snow . 
  scandinavia was horribly poor throughout most of history and has only enjoyed prosperity since the post-war era . 
  but national pride is not conducive to an argument about legitimate sovereign states and so i am not offended by the comments as you seem to be over my comments that ukraine \u00b4 s territory is hers as all other natons have a right to their own territory . 
  op , a lot of people bashing you , just know that there are people out there who stand with ukraine and its freedom !, 
  if it were up to me , we could reclaim karelia and ingria from russian occupation as well !, 
  greetings from sweden . 
  yes it is an expansion , because the cold war was settled into what is sometimes called pax americana under which the general norm is that every state is the master of its own future and borders are not redrawn unless people themselves vote for it . 
  putin thinks he can circumvent this by hijacking a region \u00b4 s decisionmaking process . 
  i would beg to differ but more on semantic grounds . 
  russia is not developing in the wrong direction , it has allways been quite malign . 
  the change in policy by western leaders towards russia ( nordstream/georgia/grozny / crimea/every-time-russia - gets-to-decide-in-the-un ) have just empowered it to make more aggressive moves . 
  for turkey however , there was genuine hope as economic development had made istanbul a real hub for the region and a turkish middle class was growing strong , a secular government with secular courts , clearly divided and independent , was also going to ensure jurisprudence and a fair society for all . 
  that track would have lead turkey to eu membership and transformation into a legit developed country . 
  it has been firmly abbandoned in favour of traditionalism and historic romanticism . 
  i think the consensus is that turkey is heading in a very dark direction . 
  my favourite one is `` we shouldnt make the economy our top priority when there are so many poor people '' . 
  so what the fuck is supposed to feed and house them then ? 
  but it is still true of most western-eu countries , if you come here to sweden , the law states that we are required to provide you with housing , food and basic wellfare such as schools and health-care . 
  in sweden we call it `` cultural exchange '', 
  yeah and then we get the toothfairy and santa clause to deliver aid packages ... america offered the world a solution to the perpetual state of war in me = democracy . 
  unfortunately , to get democracy you usually have to get rid of whatever belligerents would oppose it . 
  europe \u00b4 s response was the most childlike neo-marxist crap ever and now the americans have left the region , pivoted their interest to asia and want to let iran have control of the region . 
  they probably wont destroy `` your '' culture , they will most likely never come in touch with it nor adopt it , hence you transmigrate arab society into european society and create a sort of quasi-state within a state . 
  if you think this is a good idea , the burden of evidence lies as much with you as the person who says its a bad idea . 
  as the previous poster said , change is difficult . 
  other countries like sweden have a rate of 44 % of denied applications who refuse deportation , include the number who enter illegaly and never apply for asylum we can see that official statistics most likely do not match reality, 
  not necessarily , the reason why saddam hussein could keep iraq stable were his t-72 tanks which basically made him untouchable from iran and domestic insurgents . 
  we need arms in the hands of the right guys , too bad all eu-leftists pushed the us out . 
  they view their kids as meal-tickets , you get your kid in = you get your family in, 
  nobody is gon na voice their oppinion on this publicly because of the current polical climate . 
  but you can see in polls that people all around europe are more in favour of hungary than germany , as in sweden the sweden democrats have about 30 percent now ( which i find unfortunate cause there are more important problems than migration ), 
  3rd time \u00b4 s the charm, 
  the reason why countries like austria , sweden et al are so generous in accepting them though is that the average person thinks that they are starving and persecuted and fleeing ww3 . 
  thats amicable , but divorced from reality . 
  but then how do you afford a 3k euro boattrip to greece/italy , traintickets through several european countries and food during your travels ? 
  and how come they all have certain destinations they must get to ? 
  how did you survive 5 years of this oh-so engulfing war ? 
  because they are rejoining their relatives who migrated here when europes economies were doing well and wellfare systems were overly engorged . 
  these relatives can send remittances back home untill the trip is possible , all the while their extended families are living in safety in the middle east . 
  notice how 80 % of current migrants are male , that guarantees that there are more waves of migrants inbound that is equally disproportionally female . 
  i agree that christianity has had a mostly positive impact on our culture and thinking , but you focus on details like charity and self-sacrifice when what really matters is that theology in christian religion has allways been subject to debate . 
  in islam , there is no room for thought about allah , only submission . 
  so then you should be honest about why you want to take in as many middle eastern migrants as possible : to pay for your pension . 
  aside from the fact that middle eastern migrants drain rather than contribute to the financial household of their hosts , dont you think its quite disgusting to pose as a humanitarian when what you really want is someone to come and work so that you dont have to ? 
  or have leftists just given up any pretense of shame ? 
  no use in arguing with european leftists , their secret sexual fantasy includes rejoining the motherland, 
  its per family , allthough im not quite sure how it works for children , im positive that there is a per-kid bonus as they recently mandated that any dependant you claim has to be physically present at the time of your request to social security, 
  then he has 29k sek / month approximately going to his relatives that can support his travels . 
  as reference , if you work full time as a store clerk you make about 20k, 
  and its allready starting to erode the free-movement rights of europeans . 
  denmark for example just tore up schengen on its own a while back , so regular swedes , germans and others who enter denmark , not even necessarily to stay more than a few hours inside denmark , have to show passports and declare for customs . 
  your chart is from 2011 , in 2013 britain paid 10bne more than it received , netherlands had the highest per capita contribution and basically every scandinavian country , especially finland ( since these numbers are fiscal and not monetary contributions in the emu ) got shafted . 
  to tell the uk `` close the door on your way out '' is to tell someone who is vitally important to your survival to get fucked . 
  dont bite the hand that feeds you . 
  not only are the gates open , there is a shuttle-service across the ocean, 
  dear fanatic pro-european , are you aware of basic arithmetic ? 
  if there are no hardworking , first-world economies which pay hard earned money into your outdated coal-steel-turned-bloated-agricultural-union , what have you got ? 
  without the uk , benelux and scandinavia , there is no way that germany can sustain the eu . 
  except obama gets deserved criticism for things like his isolationism on foreign policy matters which has given breathing room to isis , the assad-regime and others while at the same time running the most expansive assasination - and surveilance-program in recent history , even killing an american citizen ( albeit accidental ) . 
  in sweden , illegal immigrants have rights to public healthcare and schools , meaning that its illegal for a principal to report to authorities that an illegal immigrant is attending his school or a nurse/doctor to do the same at hospitals . 
  but muh neomarxism !!, 
  ! 1 get away with facts / s, 
  post-modern utopianism , it is an attitude not only present in the extreme left , but also some centrist factions . 
  current far-left swedish government basically decided to end relations forever with israel and saudi arabia because of similiar ridiculous ideological disputes . 
  exactly , assad is very well educated and well connected with baathists and iranians so he can run a despotic dictatorship better than the equally monstrous jihadis can wage war against him . 
  to unequivocally deny facts because he is a bad guy is just stupid , if anybody would know what the terrorist-groups are benefiting from , it would be assad . 
  well , there is lots to blame for , here is some . 
  - our newly elected communist government decided to recognize the state of palestine . 
  - we are the largest per capita contributor to isis in terms of terrorists , i havent seen figures for capital - our communist foreign minister has publically shamed and embarrassed the saudi government, 
  they wouldnt be very great allies , israel is a democracy and is so hated by its neighbors including syria that they cant even give back the golan heights . 
  there have been several inquiries into why norway chose the american proposal over jas , effectively ending the prospect for a greater nordic defense pact . 
  the official verdict from the norwegian government was that the us proposal was cheaper , a huge red flag as they could not even provide numbers for operational costs whereas the jas is fully operational with a proven track record for being extremely cheap to operate . 
  thus suspicion arose , had they simply said they wanted the absolute latest tech or needed offensive capabilities it wouldnt sound so shady . 
  turns out there were promises and money funneled via consultancy firms who assisted in the decision-making . 
  similiar to the current augusta westland purchase by the swedish maritime rescue service , most any large government purchase is just one corrupt mess .
