  how many people entered germany legally from the 1.5 m you have taken on , how many of the 200k in sweden ? 
  if i enter the us illegally , i will be severly punished , and i have as much of a reason to seek asylum as a moroccan citizen . 
  and they have run a very competent government , right up untill the migrant crisis , because they handled it like a refugee crisis and drew paralells to ww2 , when it was not at all like that . 
  what war is going in morocco ? 
  how can people from albania be refugees ? 
  i dont know what planet you are from , but elder people are a lot more fragile than young people . 
  any normal healthy 20-30 year old as the migrants in this video seem to be can injure a person above the age of 50 like the germans in this video seem to be . 
  bone density drops off fast with higher age , muscles atrophy and people might have heart conditions , diabetes and other things that increase in frequency with old age . 
  it is simply apauling how many left wingers here are defending the violence as `` not so bad '' , its the same level of retardation when people defend cases of non-penetrative rape as `` not so bad '' . 
  this is the equivalent of a 20 year old college student being surrounded by mma fighters , yeah it didnt escalate as much , but the one guy is obviously trying the strangle on the of the germans , and could have easily hurt him if he wanted to , thats horrible to enough for me regardless of where anybody is fucking from . 
  so dont vote left wing ever in your life again , tell everyone you know to never vote left wing ever again . 
  its a sick ideology . 
  i dont think the criticism is about regulating fishing , its about not regulating immigration . 
  i will admit that other news outlets have covered this , but please learn how to read . 
  he posted a regional article because as my screenshot shows , there is no national article from state media about this . 
  all other articles except the one from svd are highly editorialized , one article is strictly about the murdered girl \u00b4 s working conditions as the sole worker and then goes on to blame the death on the fact that there arent x number of people there at all times kind of like in prison . 
  please dear you , tell me how that is a news article that covers the actual murder of a girl working to help migrants by an algerian migrant who shouldnt even have been at this youth centre as he is 23 years of age not 15 ? 
  ** if you can make this connection , you are the radical . 
  ok obviously you are not well versed in argumentation , simply because you are left wing doesnt mean you are correct . 
  you are linking a regional fucking article , not national . 
  for idiots : regional means the state media has decided to publish this information in a way that makes it much less visible , not even people from the region it was posted to are likely to check there as much as they are likely to view national swedish news . 
  on the front page , that is all those stories they feature nationally , is the article i screenshotted for evidence . 
  so yeah , sorry i dont check the regional news and i missed this article , apparently murder is not national news in left wing sweden . 
  ok this morning i checked the news on svt and the main news story was about nazism in sweden how it has moved from the streets to the web . 
  good comment though , maybe someone stayed in their bubble . 
  edit : to all my left wing haters , keep your tin foil hats on and dont click this http://m.imgur.com/qhkcs23, 
  i fucking live there and this hasnt been on any news media !, 
  wtfffffff , this is 1984, 
  looks like angela merkels credibility before and after the migrant crisis, 
  so im off by 30 years , the succesfull unification of germany vs the failed spring of nations revoution ? 
  the idea was certainly around that austria and germany was one , gross - ( cant make the s ) deutsche und klein-deutsche l\u00f6sung illustrates this . 
  hitler illustrates this . 
  but my point is that it never was a correct solution and except for brief periods of time , it never lasted . 
  if a combined austria and germany was the natural thing , the allies would have made it so in 45 . 
  lots of comments about austria being a fake country , as in it should be germany ... ? 
  this is americanisation at its worst . 
  anyone with a glimpse of history should know that austrians are distinctly different from germans who are not even really a thing before 1872 . 
  german is a very ambiguous term , but as europeans we should have a basic concept of when `` german '' is used as a term for the language , as a category of ancient european peoples ( northern germanics are basically modern day scandinavia for example ) or as the name of a very recent nation state . 
  germany today consists of many smaller parts which were all in and of themselves different levels of duchies , baronies , counties and what not under a common and very loose empire called `` das heilige r\u00f6mische reich deutscher nation '' which means something like the holy roman empire of german nationality . 
  guess who ruled this thing for a majority of the time ? 
  the emperor of austria who was definetly not a german in the citizenship department or the cultural department , but shared the german ethnicity and language . 
  yes which is impossible to acertain and an extreme stance to take . 
  its a utopian and ever inclusive view , persecution used to mean the gestapo was at your door , now it means you are unemployed . 
  if 1 iraqi gets asylum , then equality under the law should mean they all get to come , so say hello to 32 million new europeans . 
  afghanistan another 31 new europeans . 
  somalia 11 million new europeans . 
  bro look at us we are building an extra germany just like that !, 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  an insurgency is not a war and the current turmoil in afghanistan is a slow simmering affair as opposed to the former full on insurrection . 
  al-shabab frequently attacks kenya , would you say kenya is a warzone ? 
  if al-shabab was at war with somalia , why would they waste resources on attacking a useless target to their war effort like kenya ? 
  the fact of the matter is , al-shabab knows that the current climate is optimal for them , they dont want to govern somalia as it comes with a severe penalty in popularity , as well as losing recruits from disgruntled and unpaid government forces . 
  we need to stop the hyperbole . 
  ukraine is at war , syria is at war which shows in the vast gap between casualties and deterioration between them and places like somalia . 
  to call those places warzones is disrespectful and dishonest to the ones actually in peril . 
   helping greece ~ ~ repatriate ~ ~ reclaim ~ ~ toward ~ ~ turkey would be pretty helpfull too . 
  and , yes , using frontex to seal the border . 
  ftfy, 
  why on earth does afghanistan , somalia and libya make your list ? 
  there is no war in those countries , they are simply failed states . 
  who is gon na build a state for them if not their own youth ? 
  we keep draining these guy of young , able-bodied males as if these countries dont need them . 
  we have even tried to help out militarily in all those places , but they hate western people more than their dictators or insurgents . 
  throw away your passport and apply for asylum , tell them youre 14 and both of your parents are dead . 
  well depends on your interpretation of terrorism , but there have been numerous large scale assaults on police where the perpetrators were shown to be better equipped , i think those are the most worrying as they are done simply to keep the police out of certain areas and no immediate gain for the perpetrators . 
  in other forms , several women have reported being policed by self-proclaimed sharia-forces , in the area of husby it was so problematic that the city-architect redesigned the main square to be more accessible for women . 
  oh and there are weekly/daily riots , but i would not call them terrorism per se . 
  and to be honest , we \u00b4 ve had multiple terrorist attacks in paris , madrid , london , stockholm etc , to say you are `` worried '' in these countries is allready too little too late . 
  in eastern europe , efforts now could result in 0 terrorism , whereas western europe has to do cleanup . 
  actually i didnt know that , i had read about the legacy of the hussars and they talked about cav charges during the invasion not to point out that poland was backwards , but more how desperate the situation was and finally there wasnt much else to do but to charge in . 
  yes and during the 39 invasion hitlers generals remarked how famished and ill equipped the russians were , had germany just kept going in 39 , russia would have fallen within a year as no allied materials would have reached russia in time . 
  if anyone was heroic , it was polish cavalry , as poland didnt have tanks to combat the germans , cavalry charges with sabres were still a thing . 
  easy on the soviet romance there , it didnt work for some time , thats like saying you survived cancer on homeopathy for some time before you died . 
  also , the soviet ww2 history is one of utter lack of respect for humanity and propaganda . 
  get invaded by germany ? 
  better invade scandinavia and completely neglect your civilian population and supply lines . 
  german rap group aggro berlin were punished for some of their lyrics . 
  they have some really messed up , goory and misogenistic lyrics that most people wouldnt subscribe to , but its a fucking imaginary piece of music , not even good music . 
  is it possible to prove what one trully means ? 
  hell i have told potential partners a bunch of untrue stuff just to make a conversation flow , i guess they all just held back on this powerfull device and chose to believe i was interested in the latest furniture fads ... 
  nord stream is the most bizarre , corrupt and disgraceful project in the eu . 
  it was rammed down the throats of countries to whom russia poses a real threat such as the baltics and sweden . 
  whats worse , since shell oil is a shareholder , russia could kill 300 dutch citizens without any repercussions , i really dont know how the fuck the dutch are cool with an attack on their country like that and just let it slip for the sake of a moronic project that benefits shell only marginally ? 
  its getting there , for example afghans are probably going to be deported en masse , afghanistan wants its young population back and they dont have legitimate reasons to come here, 
  your comment has 2 upvotes , vladimir needs to finetune his bot for autoreplies, 
  and with your comments everybody can rest assured that you are an astroturfer , so fuck off , 
  lol ? 
  the people that the guy , trying to upstage yatsenyuk , represents are bought crooks from the kremlin . 
  russia killed a lot of dutch citizens when they downed a commercial airliner over ukraine . 
  shame on you for astroturfing , in sweden we know how evil russians are . 
  u know that the the people he represents killed 300 of your countrymen ? 
  fuck me putin has a strong grasp on retards in europe, 
  masters student and no concept of basic semantics ? 
  xenophobia is the unnatural fear of foreign elements such as cultures or persons . 
  turkey is an authoritarian , genocidal and middle-eastern state , sweden is a modern , developed wellfare-state . 
  you should have learned this during ur ba, 
  this govt is the worst one of the post-ww2 era , i still cant believe we voted for this shit when we had reinfeldt who led the best govt in the world according to the economist and the financial times . 
  whats even better , they have about 35 % of the vote , so 65 % of people dont want this former welder and his retard crew . 
  almost as uneuropean as turkey !, 
  why would you send mostly afghans , eritreans , iraqis and pakistanis to syria ?
