  more like that sweet bribe money from american defense contractors, 
  very well put , it is one of the great paradoxes of the political present that right wing extremism and left wing extremism are not treated with equal disgust . 
  the vast majority of european beggars have mental health issues , drug problems or other substance abuse problems and sort of fell through the cracks of the social security net . 
  this new migrant wave however ... 
  the definition of a post-modern socialist is exactly like you say , someone who values his own anecdotal observation , without proof nonetheless . 
  you are the utopian , im the realist . 
  ad hominem attacks are great and all among socialists but let the adults handle immigration ok ? 
  so then what do you say to rural youth who want to urbanize , how do you justify not paying for their appartments and upkeep when you gladly would do so for foreign citizens ? 
  i honestly feel that the fact someone would defend these wellfare-tourists speaks to the fact that we have a left-wing cancer in europe . 
  every life should be saved , people who are persecuted or simply want to live without the oppressive regimes and religions in their home-country should find an open door in the west , it is who we are . 
  but our ability to hold that door open is severely impeded when a large portion of those who come are simply middle class people who dont want to work for their income . 
  im not from that part of sweden , but ever considered what the local residents feel like when they accept to provide for busloads of migrants to put them up in their country , supposedly these migrants come from conditions too bad to imagine , and then those same migrants tell you '' fuck no im not living here , this is not good enough '' ???? 
  this is unfortunately the truth , eventhough your phrasing is somewhat vulgar . 
  we allready saw after charlie hebdo , lots of mainstream people were critical of the satirists and threw themselves to condemn islamophobia . 
  very few were there to defend freedom of speech or the insanity of killing over cartoons . 
  edit : eastern europeans and ukranians have a better status now than before communism . 
  lots of people welcome ukraine to the west and want to support your independence , some even join ukraine \u00b4 s armed forces . 
  sure , `` westerners '' join isis too , but if you give an arab a european passport , he is still an arab . 
  it would take a russian nuclear strike on stockholm before the swedish left joins nato , they want to join the motherland, 
  i \u00b4 ll give you the ladies part , jokes aside its a very beautiful island you guys got !, 
  this guy is irish and so his credentials in judging the state of potatoes might be dubious at best, 
  because having a foreign communist dictatorship as a major influence on your society , not just economy , is a sign o true strength, 
  the 10k is from the liberal news outlets here in sweden , thats the price for a ticket on the shabby boats . 
  200 euro doesnt even get you anywhere inside your own country in these places . 
  if you were to cross the border in a truck via turkey it would be even more , i think i \u00b4 m pretty well versed in these things as my family has taken care of 6 different children from iran/afhganistan/somalia and 2 of the girls were found at the danish border in a car with a smuggler who had been given 4300 euro for his services . 
  i dont understand what you mean , there are case studies on the resurgence of tubercolosis in sweden , a disease erradicated long ago , which is due to immigration . 
  there are now special centers for tubercolosis in migrant areas to deal with the issue . 
  the overwhelming leading party in all those areas are the socialists . 
  so you have the full chain of events as outlined in the original comment . 
  the real conspiracy-theorists are the ones who think we can take on these 7 million syrians in transit and they will magically create wealth , when for over 3000 years they have failed to do so in their region . 
  oh so the self-proclaimed message of the left that its `` our moral responsibility '' and `` for our own good '' is to be taken at face value ? 
  an overwhelming majority of migrants vote left , they also increase demand for public services by a lot , which creates more and more support for the left . 
  they have found a post-roman-republic way to actually buy votes without a direct transaction , and this mechanism is migration from the middle east ( where mind you , most governments are some socialist dictatorship ), 
  that is not his point , the point is that every state has a responsibility to its citizens , other states can not start to claim responsibility for other states citizens or else it will severly undermine said states . 
  africa allready is witnessing extreme brain drain , their best and brightest get out as soon as they can , instead of staying where they are needed the most . 
  whats more , the people who are in the most severe need of help are not the ones actually migrating , they are too poor to move . 
  fuck , i wouldnt be able to afford the boat rides for 10k + euro , imagine moving a family 4 , thats more money than i have ever handled , so as a westerner do i qualify for aid ? 
  nobody said germany did it on their own , but their entire industrial capacity was reduced to 0 , there was widespread famine not just in germany but in all european countries . 
  the red army had basically raped the entire female east-german population in the physical sense during their push towards berlin while continuing their molestation in the political arena right up until the fall of the wall . 
  the situation was much much much worse than in a european colony that brings technology unheard of to the dark corners of the map . 
  to resurge from that , when nigerians just elected a religious figure amid religious civil wars , is only attributable to culture unless you believe in race . 
  all conditions are equal or worse for 1945 germany , the only real difference is culture . 
  i know too little of the policies and practice of migrations offices in the us to discuss them , but the context in which he was arguing was purely based on numbers . 
  i posed to him that more latino \u00b4 s would migrate to the us and he thought it was a good idea to increase the numbers of inflow as he thought them way too restrictive , he appears to be ambivalent as to the particulars . 
  the us is the nr 1 destination globally for migrants , so you think taking on the highest ammount of immigrants in the entire world is being `` way too restrictive '' ? 
  nobel laureate milton friedman would like to disagree , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xeebu8vhmy starts around 4:50 . 
  he cites studies for further study . 
  it is kinda hypocritical for an american to argue for increased migration in this region , since they all end up in the eu and lets just say they are not lusting for the polish or hungarian life , they want to get to the countries with the most comprehensive wellfare . 
  it \u00b4 d be like a european calling for more latin american to go to the us . 
  dear me , thats quite the conspiracy theory you got going there . 
  all businesses prefer stablility , especially long term investments with high risk such as mining that rely on good infrastructure need stability . 
  the fact that in the congo companies do business with local warlords who then in turn use slave labor to extract minerals is not by choice , but by necessity . 
  developmental economics has this theory about low levels of development concerning dark spirals , you dont have enough current production to invest a surplus which coupled with the law of diminishing returns gets you stuck at a low level of growth . 
  the problem is , we have spent a number so ridiculous i dont want to mention it on trying to get this region of the world up to par and the middle east has an insane ammount of money from oil revenues which they waste on their aristocracy and petty wars . 
  at the same time , you have germany which was bombed back to the stone age in world war 2 , their entire industrial base was gone , yet today they are at the top of the economical world . 
  china now that its unified and stable has also grown tremendously . 
  it has everything to do with culture . 
  and where does un money come from ? 
  god ? 
  for sure , i have been to ireland and it has to be one of the most beautiful places in the universe , more sites than one can visit in a month , but the map shows like 3 for the entire island, 
  taxation in older days was basically a robbery , the govt had no way of tracking everybodies income , so they just took as much as they could without causing a revolt, 
  but what if im an avid devot\u00e9 of carbonated horse urine , where can i get my pripps fix for cheap ? 
  wow , first time ive come in contact with an astroturfer !, 
  am i on a kgb watchlist now ? 
  speaks to your own bubble-mentality , this government is considerably more left-wing than any previous installment by any fair and objective standard . 
  of course , fair and objective is not really a favourite discipline for socialists , so if an independent government organ like the council on finance says that proposed economic policies are jeopardizing the country they are `` outdated and irrelevant '' [ link ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/magdalena-andersson-begar-regelbrott/ ) . 
  i dont even need to mention the absolutely shameful , disgraceful and utterly incompetent foreign policy record of this young government , that has allready seen 2 major countries distance themselves from sweden to a point of complete breakdown in relations . 
  if this trend continues , we will have broken up about 24 relations before the show is hopefully over . 
  sorry , wasnt quite honest here , we actually have built new alliances , not just broken up relations . 
  the honorable and legitimate hamas is now as far as i can see it , our only ally in the middle east , so props to the socialists for that . 
  i recommend breaking relations with the us and establishing a strong connection to la raza next . 
  this kind of lunatic behaviour is a direct consequence of the purge of `` god ol \u00b4 '' social democrats in the wake of their horrible start to this century with sahlin and juholt , the emerging front figures of the party have very little in common with the parties past . 
  imagine the rethoric in council meetings ... they must be laughing their cleptocratic millionaire butts off , but there are no party-poopers around because apparently interventionist = worse than hitler, 
  the irony when a hardcore-socialist swedish government involves itself in foreign affairs while decrying the us is not lost on all of us . 
  there is still hope . 
  actualy , all you apparently need is a russian population ( size and citizenship irrelevant ) that wants to `` democratically '' secede from portugal and join the motherland . 
  how credible is she in her critique though ? 
  her predecessor is now the top dog at gazprom , arguably the worlds most corrupt organization , a position he bartered for with the sovereignty and money of the german taxpayer and something germany pushed down the throats of other countries such as sweden and the baltic states . 
  merkel sought to extend this `` enhanced cooperation '' with russia during her initial reign and germany grew to be americas closest ally in the wake of the obama-clinton `` reset-diplomacy '' , a policy of ratifying russias annexation of parts of georgia , impunity of action in chechnya , ratifying the transnistria-debacle and other stuff in exchange for cooperation on questions concerning the middle east . 
  this policy was basically the reason why putin continued his conquests and i dont have to mention which country . 
  what did we get in return ? 
  assad is still in office and he used chemical weapons on his populace . 
  masterful foreign policy indeed . 
  talk is cheap . 
  yeah but the key difference is that nobody can force greece to accept a deal they dont wan na take , however , the eu cant force greece to stay in the emu or eu . 
  come on man , the entire political platform was one of `` my way or the highway '' and that highway was exiting the emu and possibly the eu totally . 
  im not gon na get in to a discussion about facts cause facts are per definition non debatable . 
  agree , typical left-winger espouses tolerance for all but those who disagree with them . 
  that said , der spiegel and die bildzeitung are shit . 
  yeah so then why toy around with the idea of leaving ? 
  if they want to leave , get it over with , uncertainty is a disincentive to investment . 
  well so far they have been , i cant think of a state that has not experienced severe fiscal crisis in europe , sweden went upside down in the 90 \u00b4 s for example . 
  the post you replied to is actually kind of emblematic for the problem , because once a program inside the wellfare state is enacted , it is allways allways allways either expanded or supplemented by a new program , it is expansionary by nature just as the comment alluded to . 
  this has been the central critique of the wellfare state since aristoteles and plato . 
  i honestly have no time to debate facts . 
  if one is increasing while the other decreases , the time it takes to overtake eachother is less and less as t progresses . 
  people like you are why we are in this mess now where we have an irreversible demographic change on our hands . 
  no comment . 
  go to school, 
  asking the wrong person , i allready think its too late and at this stage there is nothing you can do about it really .
