  i dont know how you related what i said to the current migrant crisis , but ok . 
  please allow me to put 110 ' 000 extra to your 1950 number then you get the total of migrants received in 2015 by sweden . 
  well , you dont see germans going allahu akkbar over prussia being a russian province today . 
  so it definetly has disuaded some people . 
  you still have 60 % of the people in here with their head in the sand , actively fighting against the notion that a barbarous religion is , indeed , barbarous . 
  i 'd recommend the book `` the al qaeda reader '' to anyone , they outlined their intentions in the 1990 's and their strategy seems to come into fruition now more and more . 
  this is a very important point . 
  these people are suggesting that its an acceptable response for the terrorists to kill civilians because a nation even tangentially did something in a war . 
  it is ludicrous and self-flagellating . 
  tbh , most likely a swedish or belgian muslim . 
  we are the terror capitals of europe unfortunately . 
  oh , but today we view greeks as turkified greeks ? 
  so then turks would be turkified greeks which means greeks would be turkified which would mean greekified turk-greeks which is like a paradox xd . 
  this is why ehtnicities are useless , they are too complicated . 
  sounds like you do n't , which is as unscientific as it is politically driven . 
  listen i get that you hate free markets , free speech and all that . 
  but please allow a redditor to point out facts about the eu 's behavior on fines and legal action . 
  or you know , do n't . 
  but do n't be surprised when nexit happens , italy and france leave , sweden and finland leave . 
  not much of a union then eh ? 
  it 's as if marathon and thermopylae never happened , agree or die . 
  this guy gets it . 
  yeah i 'm so deluded and misinformed yet it took you such long of a post in a foreign language to refute me . 
  the funny thing is , i could have replaced any member state with sweden as the most convicted and yet you would have found evidence to the contrary . 
  all hail the eu !, 
  there is however , a clear protectionist trend and an activist-progressivist trend in who the eu does persecute . 
  sweden has the record i believe for convictions by the eu , things like trying to manage our population of inbred wolfs apparently matter a lot in bruxelles . 
  but mah trehugging . 
  also , intel and many other american companies are fined regularly for being companies and american at the same time , big nono . 
  recently there was a fine levied against foreign banks for manipulation of the euribor rate because , as far as i can tell , draghi does not want to compete with anyone for all the juicy debt . 
  edit : this sub is utterly broken , you guys downvote facts that dont fit into this left-extreme narrative of a supreme europa . 
  http://www.svt.se/nyheter/vetenskap/allt-fler-ungdomar-vill-byta-kon sucks when reality does not conform to your left wing extremism huh ? 
  pre-pubertal transexualism has risen several 1000 % , thats thousand not hundred , in the the last few years . 
  please show me a report that confirms that gender and sexuality is not a massive problem in schools today g\u00fcnter . 
  yes , the left has allways hated the jews because of perceived financial success . 
  our far-left v\u00e4nsterpartiet ( marxist/communist ) advocates a ban on all israeli trade and sanctions against the country via wto and un . 
  but also in the social democrat party ( which is scarily enough called the socialist workers party ) has members that are anti-semitic , they just mask it in rhetoric like `` bankers '' and the `` bankers rule the world '' , compare that to hitlers `` jews rule the world '' . 
  it 's why i 'm on reddit haha . 
  anybody to the right of karl marx is considered a `` nazi capitalist transphobic jewbanker '' in sweden . 
  because thats what they are being taught in schools . 
  the left has completely destroyed education , healthcare and police to the point where those professions are just a block-vote for the left . 
  in the industrial professions , those people vote majority nationalist now because their kids come home from school and no longer ask about help with math , rather they want to know what gender they are at age 12 , their healthcare is unproductive so they have to wait years for a hip replacement and if someone is causing trouble in the neighborhood they are on their own . 
  we have to sepparate between the reactionaires that just want to be able to go to the bathroom to piss , not to be asked existential questions like is their gender a social construct . 
  and the true nazis which i would argue is a ridiculously low number . 
  ok , but then why do the same people that want a trillion arabs to come to the eu `` because muh constitutional agreements 4eva '' advocate that the us change its entire constitution like the 1st and 2nd ammendment to ban free speech and guns ? 
  this claim to judicial practice is the new fascism . 
  the law is what the fuck the people want it to be . 
  you cant refer to the geneva convention which was the result of horrible horrible conflicts between western nations and apply it to people looking for free money . 
  its disgraceful , anti inellectual and dishonest . 
  you are pissing on fex all the prussian soldiers that got hit by dumdum bullets , or all the medics that ever got gunned down trying to save wounded , gassed soldiers burning from inside . 
  the problem is , according to most people on here germany is just a province of europe , so its desire to become an arab country has consequences that are not isolated to germany . 
  its the same here , our far-right likes putin because they hate gays , hate foreigners and dislike capitalism . 
  but i 'm not sure they like russia . 
  i love how the thread started with `` westerners are arrogant '' and you end your arguments without counter arguments , just a snug remark about how uneducated people are who dont agree with you . 
  oh the irony . 
  prague was a prized jewel of the a-h empire , czechs were given liberties not afforded to other minorities in the empire and investment into prague was largely political . 
  as thanks , you guys revolted after the loss of wwi and later stripped german speakers of the protection of the law . 
  the only good thing to come out your country since then is jaromir jagr . 
  pretty rich coming from a czech , a country that after wwi decided that they did n't want austrian patronage and subsidies that essentially put prague 4-5 steps ahead of any other slavic region and later with the benesch decrees even made german speakers lawless . 
  how are relations lower than ever ? 
  russia litteraly shot down 300 innocent european civilians , mostly dutch and yet merkel dictated to the entire eu that there would be no action against russia . 
  a modest response would have been to declare ukraine a no fly-zone and shoot down any russian aircraft we could get our sights on . 
  and again , just last week jean claude junker threatened the us over the new sanctions the us is putting against russia , some of which impact the gas deal between eu-ru . 
  look , i get it , it is the motherland , but would n't it be easier for you people to just move to moscow instead of trying to make our national wealth and foreign policy a part of the kremlins repertoire ? 
  look , i get it . 
  most people on this sub are left wing and you guys like russia and spd etc. 
  i love how whenever somebody makes a claim that threatens this left wing world view , you guys need academic citations for even small things like water is wet , plzplz source this claim '' . 
  the fact remains that gerhard schr\u00f6der is corrupt , and has influenced the eu and germany into a pro-russia stance . 
  there was an investigative journalist who was doing a piece of putin and his wealth who died during his research into gazprom and germany , i ca n't find a source currently , but it happened and i have nothing to gain from lying about this other than to tell the truth . 
  it seems he is a board member . 
  here is from his wikipedia article : `` as chancellor , gerhard schr\u00f6der was a strong advocate of the nord stream pipeline project , which aims to supply russian gas directly to germany , thereby bypassing transit countries . 
  the agreement to build the pipeline was signed two weeks before the german parliamentary election . 
  on 24 october 2005 , just a few weeks before schr\u00f6der stepped down as chancellor , the german government guaranteed to cover 1 billion euros of the nord stream project cost , should gazprom default on a loan . 
  however , this guarantee had never been used . 
  [ 60 ] soon after stepping down as chancellor , schr\u00f6der accepted gazprom 's nomination for the post of the head of the shareholders ' committee of nord stream ag , raising questions about a potential conflict of interest . 
  german opposition parties expressed concern over the issue , as did the governments of countries over whose territory gas is currently pumped . 
  [ 61 ] in an editorial entitled gerhard schroeder 's sellout , the american newspaper the washington post also expressed sharp criticism , reflecting widening international ramifications of schr\u00f6der 's new post . 
  [ 62 ] democrat tom lantos , chairman of the united states house committee on foreign affairs , likened schr\u00f6der to a `` political prostitute '' for his recent behaviour . 
  [ 63 ] in january 2009 , the wall street journal reported that schr\u00f6der would join the board of the oil company tnk-bp , a joint venture between oil major bp and russian partners . 
  [ 64 ] '' so he has even had an effect with crimea , where germany has advocated non-involvement because the eu should not escalate the conflict , lmao . 
  lol , it is not some secret conspiracy , and unless you ha e been living under a rock this is old news . 
  you can google gerhard schr\u00f6der and go to wikipedia for most of it . 
  just last week jean claude junker threatened the us with sanctions because the us sanctions against russia are threatening the gas supply to eu . 
  how about gerhard schr\u00f6der being in charge of gaz prom , and suddenly germany is pushing eu energy dependence into the hands of russia . 
  that has to be the single greatest act of corruption ever made , yet nobody is talking about it . 
  they even killed some journalist in germany over it . 
  it is a 300 year pissing contest , when we are not busy killing eachother , we like to spend our time looking down on all the rejects who left this place . 
  the left here hates the us , but they will happily vacation in ny or florida , go figure . 
  finnish has protected minority status since a long time , it was big news when arabic became the second largest language last year . 
  it is a demographic and linguistic shift of epic proportions and very interesting to the various sciences involved . 
  i dont see how that is possible . 
  the only numbers i could find said that 200k finnish speakers lived in sweden 2012 , 155k arabic . 
  since then there have been roughly 500k arabic speakers added per statistics of migrationsverket . 
  these numbers must be pre 2016 , there are more arabic speakers in sweden than finnish speakers since last year . 
  and make money off of all the leftist screams , milo built an entire career on the predictable pattern of left wing outrage, 
  what , you guys do n't keep a buk anti-air missile system capable of downing a commercial airliner at 33k + feet in your backyard ? 
  just wanted to say hats off , it takes a strong person to realize that the tribe is not you and you are not the tribe . 
  so many people take the easy route and blame all personal individual failures on tribal factors ( race/religion/gender / etc ) , it saves the ego from hurt and you also do n't have to worry about personal improvement anymore . 
  i come from a mixed family as well and have a foreign last name , never in a million years would i blame a poor job interview on that , but many do . 
  we need less of group mentality , and especially these extremist ones that promote apartheid and hatred based on race because the believe they have to be some sick counter-balance .
