  the last time sweden conducted a census that asked people to state their religion was in 1930 . 
  perhaps he meant that we shouldnt only let migrants from 1 culture enter the country . 
  it will be soon , it has to be . 
  keep in mind , these are native speakers . 
  the stats on this are therefore on the low end . 
  there might very well be close to a million arabs in sweden , so it would only make sense that official signs such as road signs , county signs etc are written bilingually soon . 
  actually i think the total opposite is needed , we need to dismantle ecb because the confusion it created in 2nd tier economies like spain , italy , greece with mispriced risk for sovereign debt . 
  its not sustainable . 
  in the end , countries like germany will pay higher costs to service their debt simply because there is a wish by some to use the same currency and given time , they wont want to do it anymore . 
  it doesnt yield any benefits , and as eastern european countries will likely block progressive politics there wont be any hmpf behind a eu anyway . 
  i think if any refugees are deported at all , it will be in very low numbers . 
  to deport someone in the current regulatory environment is neigh impossible , and expensive . 
  to put it into perspective , some socialdemocrats in sweden propose giving migrants 100.000 sek in cash if the migrant voluntarily leaves and vows never to return because that would be cheaper than to deport . 
  so assuming 200.000 migrants that comes out to 20bn sek which is about 11 % of the market cap of handelsbanken ( !!!! ) . 
  and even that 20bn is not in the budget , so that would also have to be raised through debt , so the total cost would end up being a lot higher than 20bn . 
  bond yields have quite good predictive power for the economy overall , so this downturn doesnt bode well for europe . 
  i wonder if this adds pressure to governments to start actually handling the migratory crisis , as they wont be able to finance the huge spending required to sustain these people should bond yields be what they seem to develop into . 
  that is a radical left wing view , backed by 0 science . 
  what was the problem before was eugenics , so people tended to ascribe certain values to people based on false racial theory , we now know that it is a combination of external and internal factors and that race has nothing to do with it . 
  you see people growing up horribly , yet they remain lovely people . 
  others have a wonderful upbrining and turn out to be among the worst . 
  so yeah , some people are born evil and to blame their wickedness on society/race/parents / income is to lie . 
  not much thought went into greece \u00b4 s insane public spending increase , but you are for that . 
  so no , this is not a populist proposal , this is a government acting to solve a problem . 
  this will actually be insanely unpopular among eu-people and other left-wingers , but it might be one of the few things denmark can do to stem the rise of jihadism . 
  a legal system that puts every human on a pedestal and assumes that everyone can be therapeutically adjusted to normal life is a political organization , not a legal system . 
  some people are born evil and should be kept away from society . 
  i honestly dont even know where to start . 
  by this logic , i could say that the victims of terrorism are really alive and not dead , because there are other terror victims who have been dead for a longer period , so they cant be as dead as those guys ... wow the eu is really fucked with this postmodern neo-relativist bullshit . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  why allways relativize everything ? 
  i \u00b4 d say the fact that we have regular occurences of mass-scale terrorist attacks by european citizens in european countries is sad as fuck . 
  what you are saying is , `` hey it \u00b4 s ok for europeans to die in terrorist attacks as long as there is a country somehwere where more people die '' . 
  but to be honest , to hold the opposite view that things constantly have to change and that monoculture is bad is just as `` racist '' as not wanting any change ever . 
  both views are making judgements on society based on religion , culture , ethnicity , which imho is wrong . 
  whatever happened to liberalism and just not interfering with how people decide to live ? 
  look at the us , they have by far the highest immigration and do a much better job integrating people simply because its up to you to do whatever you want to . 
  submitted by a turkish op , the astroturfing is real . 
  not saying all turks are like this , but there is a considerable ammount of turkish posters on / r/europe who just promote erdogans agenda, 
  you are so far down the socialist rabbit hole that you are inventing strawmen to argue with . 
  feels bad seeing greece the way it is today , people like u want more of what caused your country to almost implode . 
  by the good graces of the eu are you kept alive . 
  it just amazes me that we are still sort of in the greek debt crisis , and greek people overwhelmingly seem to think that their government spending had nothing to do with it . 
  this is why we allways repeat the mistakes of our past , people apparently are too dumb to see whats in front of them . 
  you spend too much money , you spend other peoples money = no good . 
  i would disagree , poland today is a fresh wind of optimism and a great indicator that more and more eastern europeans want to put their communist past behind them . 
  estonia has long been a very liberal , pro-market country with the success that comes with that . 
  young poles and estonians today have a bright outlook on the world , they dont need to migrate to escape persecution or poverty . 
  they can put their talents to use in their homecountries and earn a good wage and give their children a great upbringing . 
  of course , some countries like serbia seem to be going in the wrong direction , but on a whole , eastern europe is doing well . 
  i would say the greek left actually did way more damage to greece through its fiscal policy than any invasion ever could . 
  i completely agree that nazi salutes are a big no-no . 
  but these guys are nobody \u00b4 s , losers and completely useless if you wanted to organize a fascist coup-d \u00b4 etat . 
  thats exactly what draws them to the idea , they get some feeling of pride in a miserable life . 
  the real right-wing extremists are people like breivik , who are competent enough to actually harm us , they tend to also be people who have engaged more in eugenics for example than just to have a nazi flag at home . 
  i dont even think these hooligans can read at a highschool level . 
  i just replied in an earlier question, 
  well , thats a large task . 
  but politically , russians are very much still in favor of statism and have an affectionate relationship with their totalitarian past . 
  europe is completely opposite , people are going to great lengths to chastize themselves over history . 
  there is also a lively conspiracy in russia that everyone in the west hates them and that we are locked in this eternal struggle with them . 
  i think its also quite impossible to consider russia european because they occupy parts of germany and finland today , it really is just unlawful and perverse . 
  economically , russia is completely broken . 
  it is not even funny how broken russia \u00b4 s economy is . 
  corruption and poor politics have absolutely destroyed any semblance of a fair market economy . 
  russia is also using lots of it wealth in resources to play geopolitics . 
  look at norway , they made the worlds largest sovereign wealth fund from their resources . 
  the massive failure of the russian economy has also harmed russian culture , thrifty long-term saving and investment is completely disincentiviced in favor of short-term extraction . 
  there was a great documentary about the russian maffia and the depressing violence of russian society where a mob-leader said that the difference between a russian and a european farmer is , the european thinks about how he can grow his fields , meanwhile the russian has allready started exploiting his plot to the max and ruined it for any future use . 
  i wasnt able to find the exact quote , but around 1:18:30 i think it could be , watch the entire thing though its really great . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8zme-udtw . 
  turkey \u00b4 s political development in the 21st century certainly is . 
  some disgruntled football hooligans are a legitimate danger to society ? 
  you devalue the threat from real facism when you equate them to these hobos . 
  stop regurgitating left wing rethoric , especially as a greek you should be aware of which political streams have caused the most damage to european countries in modern times ... 
  left wing people dont take kindly to critical inquiry !, 
  thats actually what most neo-nazis believe , i dont know why you are being downvoted . 
  another conspiracy-theory or perhaps a different version of the same in which marxists believe is that companies are behind it , wanting cheap labor . 
  of course , these are all false , but one should be aware of them and who believes in them . 
  culturally though , russia is very much non-european . 
  tfw 3rd world jordania is better at deporting their cattle than we are at deporting rejected asylum seekers . 
  i think that given that europe almost went back to the stone age after rome , it was good that the church stabilized the continent . 
  the myth of the dark ages as the worst period ever is just an argument from militant anti-theists and has nothing to do with reality . 
  so i agree with you and so did the vikings as well , they raided churches and monasteries for its richess . 
  but if not for the church perhaps there wouldnt have been any builsdings at all . 
  well , i kind of agree , kind of don \u00b4 t. 
  there is actually a lot of work being done on islam in that regard . 
  there was a recent publication https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5psat45ayyq of the quran in english with a comprehensive guide to explain what the points of contention are by islamologists . 
  i just don \u00b4 t think it will help . 
  islam is a mystical religion , unlike judaism or christianity . 
  you can pretty decisively say that jesus was a hippie , or that god in the first testament was harsh . 
  with islam , because it is mystique , it is a lot harder . 
  also , have you ever met a middle-eastern studies major who is not favourable to the middle east ? 
  i think the university is broken in this regard , it has been coopted by politics . 
  i can just relay my local pizzeria , a guy from iraq , he is one of the sweetest people i know , he has been baking pizza for 20 years and recently bought his first real car . 
  he employs other me-immigrants who get the dignity of providing for themselves through work . 
  its so fuckin sad that these cunts ruin it for people like him who actually come here to get a chance at a good life . 
  poland is increasingly a popular tourist destination , improvement takes time but its going in the right direction . 
  this poll is crude as hell , east germany actually is worse off than poland in terms of confidence . 
  eclesiastic architecture is the prime breeding ground for modern science .
