  we have brought countries into the community of nations like japan , india and others , but those nations had a desire for development . 
  take your jihadi shit somewhere else . 
  we are the west , we have all the choices we want to have . 
  fuck turkey , they blackmailed the eu over refugees , they invaded cyprus , they continue to threaten greece , they risked a war with russia , they mistreat minorities , they support terrorism and horrible regimes , etc etc. 
  its time we stand up for our democratic and liberal values and tell turkey thanks but no thanks . 
   what was anti-semitic about what i said , exactly ? 
  the geist of what you write is propaganda , not facts . 
  it sounds just like what the plo and other terrorists shout . 
  that there is some great conspiracy against the palestinians by the west , that we support zionism . 
  foreign relations between israel and the west have never been as bad as they are today . 
  the obama administration has been heavily critiqued for this . 
  the people holding palestinians down are other palestinians and arabs . 
  remember when the us liberated kuwait in the first gulf war ? 
  what was the first order of business for the kuwaitis ? 
  http://www.meforum.org/3391/kuwait-expels-palestinians to say that the west supports israel today , or that support for israel is a reason for muslims to attack the west , is a conspiracy theory of epic proportions . 
  are you high ? 
  sweden has basically broken off bilateral relations with israel under our current socialist government . 
  the eu has signed a nuclear agreement with iran , the biggest enemy to israel . 
  things like ship to gaza have been proven to smuggle weapons inside gaza from europe . 
  the us and europe have supported fattah despite fattah \u00b4 s on and off ties to hamas . 
  there are trade restrictions on israeli goods being imported to europe . 
  please tell me how we support israel with these policies ? 
  take your anti-semitism and fuck off . 
  see you are a ridiculous man , you are railing against british nationalists , meanwhile you exhibit nationalist tendencies yourself . 
  who the fuck should take it as a personal insult that sweden has the highest rape rates in the world ? 
  its a mark of shame on the state , yes , but it doesnt reflect ill on anybody else than swedish rapists . 
  you on the other hand seem to take great offense to me mentioning the horrible , real , tangible problem of racism in sa . 
  i dont , i just find it laughable that a south african would come to the first world and remark on racism . 
  in sa , they chain people to tires and light them on fire for being the wrong kind of black , thats racism for you . 
  whats next , your gon na say workers rights are an issue in the uk ? 
  considering the way the sa government thinks breaking a strike is by sending in the army with a fire at will , shoot to kill order . 
  he is not quite sure , its either 40l or 80l , healthy and safe ammounts both of em, 
  in the context of a post on racism in the uk , so yeah the intention is to say that as a white south african he thinks racism is a big problem in the uk . 
  sorry for interrupting the jerk , obviously the uk is worse than third world south africa . 
  oh come the fuck on . 
  england having problems with racism compared to south africa ? 
  thats like saying malm\u00f6 has problems with anti-semitism compared to the third fucking reich . 
  just like the brexit vote seems to have reassured a lot of dodgy people in britain , so has the anti-anglo-saxon circlejerk brought out the nutjobs from the corners of the internet . 
  agreed , i just wrote socialism under the auspices of which countries this affects , which are mostly left . 
  all i said was that this unhealthy symbiosis of government + markets is not what real right wing liberal people want . 
  there should be a separation like church and state . 
  left wing authoritarians like this kind of conglomeration of power , and barroso is a left winger . 
  he was leader of the comintern at brussels ... 
  sorry , i like it here in the first world, 
  this has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  this is socialism . 
  barroso is a self proclaimed maoist , he has been a radical communist for years . 
  the marriage between government and markets is not at all what right wing people want , its what left wingers want . 
  considering portugal had to sell off ownership stakes in most of its infrastructure to african sovereign wealth funds during the eu-financial crisis , i \u00b4 d say portugal is allready in the african union . 
  so you are actually an analphabet ? 
  can you see that the original statement i made is correct , your `` correction '' false ? 
  and if you did not know , the first world part of europe is an hour ahead of you guys . 
  hey , i get it , i would be pro-eu too if my country \u00b4 s entire existence hinged on a bailout from the eu . 
  dont bite the hand that feeds you , kind of thing . 
  but i \u00b4 m done arguing with pro-eu people who are uneducated , its a waste of time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beggar_thy_neighbour i forgot , its 6pm , so the probability of your kind being drunk is above certain , stop embarrassing yourself . 
  to the extent this is true , it is politically driven . 
  i.e look at sweden , our potato-government has said `` no bilateral relations with the uk '' . 
  under any other circumstance other than the eu , it would be suicide to deny your 2nd most important trading partner a relationship . 
  but here we are . 
  the brits still provide the largest ammount of capital in the common european market , it seems people think money and capital grows on trees because the ecb has had to print so much of it in order to keep 99 % of member-countries out of sovereign bankruptcy , but the reality is , there most likely will be higher interest rates for all our mortgages because of capital restrictions on the uk . 
  spain can pretty much pack up its bags should that happen , the entire spanish coastline is riddled with properties nobody is going to buy without access to better rates and in particular not the british prospective buyers they are mostly intended for . 
  i \u00b4 m simply advocating a return to normalcy , why must business be mixed with politics ? 
  and if the subreddit is indicative of eu sentiment towards our anglican friends then i do hope to god germany invades france for a 4th time in 150 years while britain gets front row seats . 
  and you have the racism and loser-attitude of a continental european, 
  thats pretty rich coming from a country where the president has to invoke special constitutional rights in order to get people to go to work ... 
  berlin is losing money , has been losing money since forever , will be losing money in the future since its so left wing . 
  you are ill informed and just not contributing anything other than your misguided opinion . 
  well take it from the rest of europe , your `` beggar thy neighbor '' policy of having 0 % corporate taxes so that you can somehow be an attractive destination for fdi is also not a favourable position to be in . 
  yes and given that the economy will suffer like you pro-eu people say , that would mean that the euro is overpriced atm . 
  if britain is to be taken to the cleaners as you advertise , their trade deficit with the eu would have to become even larger just to satisfy the current demand . 
  instead what they can do is export more with a cheaper pound and shift their import dependency away from the eu . 
  so in a few units of time , they come ahead of the eu . 
  remember the stock market is about the future . 
  its also because unlike europe , americans have responsibilities for their own provision . 
  they dont get to receive huge wellfare sums that basically make work optional , integration unnecessary . 
  americans will never be able to say that immigrants are coming to leech off of the public , in fact not even trump supporters argue that . 
  they instead fear that their jobs are being taken . 
  so we have a completely opposite economic model , ours is very conducive to cohesivness and collectivity among a homogenous population but sucks massive ass at integrating newcomers . 
  so pray tell me , since you guys are cheering on the stockmarket losses , why is that the european markets have fallen more then ? 
  why did asia fall ? 
  this is a strictly political thing , there has been nothing to indicate a slowdown in the economy of either europe or the uk such as a lack of rd , a natural disaster , a pandemic , inflation etc etc. 
  all the things that govern our productivity and spending are still the same as before brexit . 
  they just dont share sovereignty with us anymore . 
  can we please get back to rationality or at least can you guys allow sane countries like sweden to sign bilateral agreements with our 2nd most important trading partner ? 
  or must we all suffer at the hands of the sexual fantasies of world domination by the technocratic elite in brussels ? 
  unlike the prospects for the eu , which have allways been fucked, 
  your opinion is as valuable as your skills with english language . 
  present some facts instead . 
  so point out the errors instead of making a useless comment ? 
  berlin is a broke city , it would be pretty easy for you to dispel that with a simple accounting statistic . 
  east germany is a shithole economically . 
  its most famous for being a less attractive location to do business in than poland . 
  berlin is a broke city , has been for a very long time . 
  thats especially amazing considering the capital-city effect , almost all other capitals tend to be the solvent ones . 
  so yeah , they are marketing themselves because they have nothing of value going on in berlin , all the industry is in the ruhr , finance in frankfurt , business in the south . 
  the only attraction berlin has is for muslim immigrants . 
  the prime minister is a welder , i dont even think he finished high school . 
  foreign secretary has no university degree , same for the minister of interior and defence . 
  i actually didnt know this , but the minister of finance has a degree , but she came from the department of tax collection as a low level clerk and had been ridiculed for her complete lack of knowledge of basic macro ( she wanted to make ngo 's and charities liable for taxes such as vat fex . ),
