  the reason the eu doesnt want countries to sign a bilateral deal is that they want to scare other eu-sceptic countries from going ahead and leaving as well as forcing the uk to accept free movement and recover some of the huge budget contributions from the uk to eu budgets . 
  a country like sweden has nothing to gain from signing a eu uk deal rather than swe uk deal . 
  hence why you shouldnt have given them k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  got any quotes of a government official saying they want bilateral relations with the uk ? 
  you don \u00b4 t. 
  here is a swedish one . 
  you can refer to your own steinmeyer for any hateful comments on the uk . 
  our government has said that there will be no bilateral relations under any circumstances . 
  now , the uk is our 2nd most important trading partner after germany , and has been our closest political ally in the eu . 
  if , like the propaganda view you espouse with `` fairy tale deals '' , we cant reach an agreement with the uk on economic areas such as trade , investment etc for reasons of politics such as free-movement , then we will have broken off a huge part of our political and economic network with the world . 
  but you obviously dont think that is as important as continuing to have relations with turkey . 
  beats me , honestly , how any sensible and educated human could reason in this manner . 
  this is the true face of left-wing fascism . 
  read the article ahmed . 
  nato recorded about 500 cases , 85 % russian . 
  greece recorded over 2000 incidents , all of them turkish . 
  you have presented 0 facts , only your opinions . 
  i mean , if you think turkey should be allowed to do this 2000 times a year , thats ok , but greece has the right to turn the planes in gyros , and when you run out of f-16 \u00b4 s you better hope the americans will sell you more planes , because turkey does not have the capability or technological know how to create aircraft . 
  i \u00b4 m not sure if you have been reading the news lately , but every european nation has said that there will be no bilateral relations with the uk . 
  now granted , they want a relation , but through the eu , but if that fails then there will be no relations between european countries and the uk , a very real possibility . 
  the tone of the debate has been rude to say the least , i have not seen european countries have such hostile tone toward a nation since the balkan war . 
  nobody has even mentioned the prospect of complete cut-off with turkey , and they have over 200 lives on their conscience . 
  we can reroute whatever goods come on the modern silk road by a ) not sourcing our produce from russia such as gas/oil and b ) letting the remaining goods flow go via suez . 
  in the process we might actually renew closer ties with a fledgling democratic egypt and other african countries , rather than continuing this failed policy of ottoman appeasement . 
  i \u00b4 m not sure if you are aware , but russia has publicly proclaimed that finnish nato membership would be seen as an act of war and even made nuclear threats in modern times even against sweden where they practiced a nuclear airstrike on the island of gotland . 
  russia has also attacked norwegian airplanes and continously disturbs the peace on the baltic sea by blockading swedish civilian ships . 
  if we shot down an aircraft , or sunk a russian sub ( the 2 major sources of infringment ) , they would no doubt strike us because it would mean a complete loss of deterence on their part if they didnt . 
  sure , if that happened then i \u00b4 d want other countries to intervene . 
  but you wont be able to change the course of turkey by diplomacy . 
  they are a democracy in name only , and much like nazi germany in the 20 \u00b4 s , they have had demographic and political changes to their population so that the modern democratic turk is severly outnumbered . 
  if you want to change that diplomatically , you will have to make huge concessions to the large group of akp thugs , such as eu-membership , financial aid etc etc and only ever end up with a compromise . 
  look how that turned out for germany in the 30 \u00b4 s. 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/11/26/turkish-jets-violated-greek-airspace-over-2000-times-last-year-infographic/#6fbb0fce75c3 back to bed please , i come from a country that frequently gets infringed on by russia . 
  they dont even come close to turkish numbers . 
  you obviously are pro-turkey , but let the developed people have an adult factual conversation rather than interjecting with propaganda . 
  what ? 
  turkey has allways had , like russia and others , had a romantic nationalist movement of restoring empire . 
  turkey does not consider greece to be anything more than western ottoman empire , i am very well read on the subject of cyprus and it is has and will allways be greece , but was invaded by turkey . 
  just like ionia , cappadoccia , pontus , parthia and constantinople have and will allways be greece . 
  great , so since i dont hold in romania in very high esteem , you guys should be allowed to commit warcrimes against your population ? 
  see , this is exactly what i mean , liberalism is dead . 
  humanism is dead . 
  you guys are cool with human rights abuses , i \u00b4 m sorry but thats not the eu i want to be a part of . 
  you call me indoctrinated , but you refuse that turkey invaded the greek island of cyprus ? 
  and continues to try to gain power on the island ? 
  no other country infringes upon other nations sea and airspace more than turkey . 
  i know very well that russia does it too , but not even close to the number of turkish aggressions . 
  you obviously have no idea about military strategy , who the fuck cares about the state of the country a military base is in . 
  the us has military bases in germany , a country that was reduced to a level worse than the most poor african country in 45 . 
  the point of the base is to allow military access for operations in the surrounding area , kuwait and iraq are at the heart of the mesopotamian region where most of the shit is going down . 
  im not talking about kurds in europe , i \u00b4 m talking about kurds in kurdistan . 
  they have been the most loyal allies we have , without them there would have been no successfull defense against the isis expansion for example . 
  none of your points make any sense , i told you how we stop people from reaching greece : we deal with countries like morrocko who are sending their unemployed youth here because they dont want to deal with them . 
  we need to sanction those countries , in the case of eritrea one of the worlds worst dictatorships , we should definetly invade them and install a democracy . 
  only 30 % of migrants are from syria . 
  afghanistan should also be sanctioned if they dont controll their population . 
  well neither russia nor nato has any interest in having turkey in their block . 
  you guys invaded greece , you are the worlds worst offender of air and sea borders . 
  you almost started a full scale war with russia . 
  so you are a liability for both sides . 
  the reactions on this subreddit make me reconsider european enlightenment , humanism and social progress . 
  you guys would break off all relations with the uk for voting democratically for brexit , but the reaction to turkey \u00b4 s massacre of over 200 people last week has been met with `` we need to continue cooperation with turkey '' . 
  can we not all agree that the uk is a better country in all aspects than turkey ? 
  by far ? 
  not even comparable ? 
  this tacit statement of merkel is ** not even close to the level of condemnation that the uk received ** . 
  what is wrong with the eu that a peaceful , important , developed countries desire to be completely independent is worse than what turkey is doing and has been doing under erdogan ? 
  listen , this subreddit is full of european federalists and pro-turkish people . 
  i \u00b4 m simply saying that turkeys economy has declined , it was just some year ago one of the fastest growing economies of the world , part of the brict nations . 
  now , like russia , turkey has put political power in front of economic development . 
  you obviously think that it is in an insult to state economic facts , i dont care , it will be to the detriment of turks anyway if they dont reevaluate whats more important , a neo ottoman empire or enough food to live comfortably . 
  we know too little about the state of mind of the lone wolf attackers , intelligence services have become great at stopping organized terrorism , but this new wave of solo-actors who dont receive any outside help are very hard to catch . 
  further complications arise when you consider that there seems to be a silent majority that supports this jihad , salah abdeslam was able to live freely in belgium without anybody telling the police where he was . 
  there are several areas like this in europe today that are more anti-european than progressive areas in the middle east . 
  the turkish bases are only interesting for defense against russia via a southern flank . 
  access to the middle east is allready available to the us via saudi , kuwait , iraq and israel . 
  fighting isis is easy . 
  they have 30-40k lowly educated thugs with supply problems and poor equipment . 
  a taskforce of around 3-5k western soldiers , commanding an arab army of maybe 10-15k would knock out isis in less than a month . 
  i obviously dont want to offend you , but the terms hamburgisieren and dresdenize come to mind . 
  we should destroy the enemy so completely that decades from now people will associate jihad with complete erradication of its supporters the way the nazis were handled . 
  again , i think the allies were wrong to kill as many german civilians as they did , especially considering hamburg was anti-hitler , but there will never be another german nazi party for that reason . 
  turkey has never been interested in solving the migrant crisis , they treat them as subhuman pawns that can be bartered for eu money and favors . 
  what is needed is a comprehensive eu migrant policy that makes it substantially less attractive to come here . 
  at the same time , we need to establish a strategy to deal with the source nations , morrocko is not a country from which you have to flee and we need to remind them quite harshly of that . 
  we also need to stabilize the region . 
  the number 1 source of instability is the shia sunni cold war as well as the israeli situation . 
  we should make it very clear to the arabs that no state of palestine will ever exist as long as they cant control their region enough to where terrorism spills over to europe and israel . 
  establish kurdistan , they deserve their own state , they are models of behaviour and have sacrificed much in the struggle for peace . 
  crusade ? 
  the crusades were originally a politically driven but religiuosly marketed re-conquest of lands that had been roman/byzanthian/western but fallen to the turks and arabs . 
  i fail to see how my comments are trying to take back anything that islam has conquered from europe ? 
  you seem to think the west is some kind of ethnic term , ot has nothing to do with race or geography . 
  its simply all democratic nations with a liberal society of rights . 
  anybody can be western and enjoy the benefits . 
  but many , like the middle east , chose to be backwards instead and ruin their areas because they think allah will hate them otherwise . 
  not really , under erdogan , turkeys economy has declined , while india has replaced china as the nr1 growth economy . 
  india has problems with corruption , but it is a destination for r&d and a hub for academia and its democratic foundation will ensure its continued success . 
  india also doesnt purge ethnicities , which regardless of gdp/capita is a sign of a good country . 
  outside of the west , the world is still stuck in the middle ages .
