  they just dont want to fight for the state of syria . 
  at the same time they are not `` muslim enough '' to care for isis , so it makes no sense to join them . 
  also , around 30 % of migrants coming to sweden are syrians , so why are we talking about a minority of migrants ? 
  the largest swathes are afghan , somali and iraqi . 
  i agree completely , i would say i share that view 100 % and its a common sense pragmatic view . 
  if we had taken in 200k chinese people , i dont think anybody in sweden would notice except that there would be more chinese restaurants and their kids would do better in school than swedish kids . 
  a big problem with the `` refugees welcome '' crowd is that they are using migration policy to further their socialist programs and to push for more eu authority on migration politics , whereas everybody else wants to discuss migration from a national standpoint like it should be . 
  i totally agree that swedens actions are despicable , we are creating chaos in the eu and are contributing to the falling apart of order . 
  but thats exactly the motivation behind taking this many people in , `` the problem is here now and it wont go away , so the only solution is to distribute the migrants across the eu via a common eu migration policy '' is how they are selling this . 
  at the same time , turkey is using this migrant situation to blackmail the eu for money and favors . 
  terrorist groups are using countires like sweden as their quartermaster , recruitment ground , supply line and hospital . 
  assad is using europe as a free political prison where dissidents will willingly leave to . 
  its a geopolitical hogwash built on human misery . 
  but i think reality will catch up , a population of 10 million swedes cant support for life 200k people and not go bankrupt , so the longer eastern europe holds firm that they wont sign on to any distribution or common policy , the more swedish finances will hurt and eventually people will have to go or we have to default . 
  never let a good crisis go to waste has never been more relevant than today . 
  depends , civil wars are about big issues domestically . 
  even the third reich had its fair share of rebels which were in a kind of civil war . 
  if all germans had joined the white rose movement it would have won . 
  fear and cowardice are allways there , its just that some people put honor and integrity first . 
  if you are talking about war between 2 different nations , you have to distinguish between existentiall and optional wars . 
  yeah you can choose to desert a war like us vs iraq without great cost to the us , but if you deserted the us against the british in 1774 you would endanger the entire country . 
  whats fucked up is that these kinds of stories are only posted on softcore nazi sites like fria tider and thus are discredited by the general public . 
  at the same time , since these right wing papers are the only ones bringing it up on the agenda , they get for free a monopoly on truth and thus attract more and more people . 
  the result is a polarized society between `` no borders no states '' idiots and `` 0 refugees '' idiots . 
  the sane pragmatic approach to take on real refugees via a strict screening process has 0 support , ots only extreme views left . 
  being broke unless highly educated is not a law of nature . 
  the average wage for someone drilling concrete and asphalt in sweden is a lot higher than the average accountant , cause there are not a lot of people looking to get into working utilities and out of those even fewer want to progress into more advanced lines within the professions . 
  the moral of the story is : keep hustling youll be fine . 
  its a sense of injured pride , muslims in the west obviously feel that wellfare receipients are not the hottest commodity in society . 
  islamists profess to be superior to decadent corrupt westerners , but at the same time the system that operates on western values produces housing , gadgets and qol that islamic values dont . 
  so then the only recourse is to say that arabs must have been stolen from , deprived , its the jews , etc etc. 
  i kind of understand that though , just because you are a police officer doesnt mean you should have to actively risk your health for your job . 
  i am all for scrutiny of our publically employed personell but i imagine most of them wanted to catch bad guys and contribute to society , not fight a quasi war against foreign partizan forces like the rebels in calais resemble . 
  sweden almost went belly up during the 90 's, 
  please source your claims edit : 1-0 knockout on the first try !, 
  omg !, 
  american capitalist is not privy to the ways of the modern european left !, 
  anyone with a positive income is a fat cat in the new left . 
  oh my god , dumbest person of the month alert . 
  if you use google in incognito mode it doesnt do shit to your searches and gives you an unbiased result . 
  in every thread without fail , left wingers wan na see sources without providing contrary sources , please show me a study that supports that more than 5 % hold down a job after 10 years . 
  if you are too lazy to google , i \u00b4 m sorry , there is a german oecd study on afghan immigrants within the german apprenticeship program that showed similiar results . 
  if i provide you that source , it doesnt matter as with all other left wingers , you will find some way to ignore the facts . 
  f\u00f6rekomsten av industrier i somalia \u00e4r mycket begr\u00e4nsad . '' thats an official government source , plug it into translate . 
  it says less than 10 % of somalis have some form of employment . 
  the maximum ammount of employment ever achieved among somalis in sweden was between 2000 - 2002 where it was 30 % . 
  thats 7 out 10 people unemployed, 
  yes of course , but why does temporary shelter from war allways turn to permanent life-long wellfare ? 
  shouldnt the norm be that people return when conflicts are over ? 
  if you google asylum in arabic , google autocompletes `` apply asylum sweden '' , there is only 1 arab country with cause for asylum status , syria . 
  but only 30 % of migrants are syrians , so what gives ? 
  there are studies showing that after 10 years , 5 % of middle eastern immigrants have a job . 
  the socio economic diffeerences between people coming from pre-industrialized civilizations with heavy religious connotation and a hyper-competitive digital-age economy is too large . 
  its like gdp per capita is just a made up number , automatically if you come here it is quadrupled ? 
  no , its gon na take generations to change these people into something useful in the west , so its better to take the limited number of people who have legitimate refugee status , tell migrants sorry not sorry we dont have visa free travel with afghanistan so you committed a crime by comi g here illegally . 
  well its kind of unnecessary to have a 1 + year process to determine wether or not a 25 year old man claiming to be a 14 year old boy from somalia qualifies for asylum . 
  we are bankrupting our country in sweden to do that . 
  also this notion that europe is responsible for the provision and standard of living for the entire middle east is more of a threat to weatern values than anything , when did that communist sexual fantasy become fashionable ? 
  we dont take any chinese , uruguayan , uzbek , nicaraguan , congolese etc. 
  its only afghans , somalis and iraqis mostly and other middle easterners . 
  those filthy fat cat burgeois middle class money hoarders !, 
  get back here with your 2500 e/month !, 
  - the left, 
  well you sort of completed the holy trinity of relativism , 1 ) make relativist assertions 2 ) debate them 3 ) get refuted and backtrack . 
  have you read plato \u00b4 s protagoras ? 
  i have stated earlier that europe has had periods of decline of these values , indeed i would argue that we are in one right now , freedom of speech is not a very sexy commodity if there are many muslims around who would gladly die to kill you for it as in the case of charlie hebdo etc etc. 
  i also said the conversation is ongoing , even in the worst periods of repression , there is allways someone or something opposing it . 
  see the enlightenment that followed from repressive relgious regimes , the french revolution , it led to another dictatorship but eventually to republicanism . 
  it \u00b4 s not a romantic view of europe , its what happened . 
  i also am very well aware that ancient greece was not a democratic heaven , in fact only a handfull of city states were democratic and they were outnumbered vastly by different oligarchies and dictatorships . 
  i never talked about democracy though , i said constitutional government . 
  there was never anything like it in persia untill alexander temporarily imposed a greek administration on its provinces and that didnt last long because none of the populace adheres to western values and none of the elites do . 
  i grant you certain aspects of the abbasid caliphate for example when europe was in turmoil after the fall of the roman empire , arabic scholars were actually custodians of western knowledge . 
  however , they employed a model of citizenship that was inherently racist and ultimately decided to err on the side of allah , which stopped them from making progress beyond a certain point . 
  sweden certainly has had periods of un-western societies , such as the vikings . 
  however , dont confuse womens suffrage with democracy , the fact that everyone gets to vote is a radical idea . 
  the traditional democratic system is that property owners and those with `` skin in the game '' get to vote , in a world where women had only the household to work it doesnt surprise me that women werent allowed to vote . 
  slaves werent allowed to vote , allthough greeks had no racial theory on slaves and basically anybody could be a slave , even the smartest people . 
  it was still western . 
  i said you were insinuating , if one adheres to your relativist worldview then the only explanation for an absolute statement like `` x is better than y '' is racism . 
  you see , the problem is you fail to provide any example . 
  i dont need you to go dig , i allready know there is none . 
  the left knows this deep down , but has this latent colonial fetish for lower standing cultures so when things like the mass-revolt in the middle east happens , its termed `` arab spring '' by left wingers cause it enables them to say `` look , these people really wanted freedom all along '' . 
  a much more accurate term would have been the `` arab coup d \u00b4 etat of islamist organisations '' cause it much more accurately describes what actually happened and the desires of the people revolting against mostly secular dictators to install theocratic dictators . 
  whats ridiculous to claim is that theres liberty anywhere else but the west , take your cultural relativism to a union meeting . 
  again , the west includes israel japan taiwan etc and is not only white europeans because what you insinuate is that theres racism here which is false . 
  yeah and ur values include unemployment , jealousy and ignorance hence why you are a left winger , if you actually read a book you would find that the earliest weatern thinkers warned about giving suffrage to people like you because you contribute nothing and will use your vote to grab resources that you couldnt earn by your own means . 
  because what left wingers dont understand is that westernism has nothing to do with race , ethnicity or religion . 
  its simply a set of values . 
  those are freedom of speech , markets and most any other aspect and constitutional government . 
  you can be the blackest voodo magician , of you make the choice to be weatern you are as western as can be . 
  thats also unique , no other culture is permeable like that . 
  a white person can get a chinese passport , but he will never be fully chinese , not even chinese minorities who have been there for 5000 years are considered fully chinese . 
  but ataturk , chang kai sheck and my fellow swedes can become western even though our starting cultures were something completely different . 
  south korea is arguably the most westernized country on the planet , under the patronage of the us that country flourished , just like west germany . 
  of course colony doesnt describe that , but a foreign western power had large control over south korea in building that nation up . 
  western values are just superior if you want to create a dynamic economy and technological progress , its worse for other things but those 2 are undeniably hallmarks of western culture, 
  thats the old model , leave for abroad to escape the oppressive taxes , come back in your late 30 \u00b4 s and 40 \u00b4 s to settle your family . 
  its predicated on a functioning swedish school system and public services that are worth the tax hit . 
  you think this remains constant over time ?
