  but obviously thats not what i meant . 
  it \u00b4 s just that the uk is responsible for a lot of the security we have in europe , i.e they have taken on a burden for the rest of us , therefore they are entitled to an equivalent share of the rewards . 
  with them out , someone else has to pick up the tab . 
  how would you feel about germany re-arming ? 
  i think we are very rapidly approaching a point where the original premise becomes scarily relevant . 
  well remaining members of the eu are surely starting to smell the smoke . 
  a union of broke-as-nails southern europe , with allready eu-skeptic northern europe and eastern europe is not good . 
  albania is just as desparate to get in to the eu as uk was to get out , that says something about the state of the union . 
  they are a sovereign nation , the most powerful military on the continet ( heck , the only military ) and a global hub for finance and business . 
  yes , they get to have a say in how the rules of the game are , doesnt matter if i or anybody else likes it . 
  if being part of the political union is more important to you guys than economic progress for all , please be honest about this deeply illiberal stance . 
  the truth is , the 2nd most important member of the union gave you guys an f on this project , instead of reform and action we are seeing slanderous technocrats boister out vile comments about democratically sovereign people . 
  and to think , all it would have taken for bremain was a clear signal that we wouldnt take anymore muslim migrants into the free movement area . 
  not much to ask for imo . 
  barroso being a self-proclaimed maoist is totally cool though right ? 
  the way / r/europe is talking about brexit , you guys are the trumpsters wanting to kick britain to the ground for not wanting to be part of a political union while retaining the economic ties . 
  edit : thanks / r/europe for proving that you \u00b4 d prefer a hardcore self proclaimed communist like barroso over anything liberal . 
  if this is the crowd , i \u00b4 ll be voting for swexit . 
  why dont you rephrase your argument as `` anhbody who disagrees with me is stupid '' . 
  i have unfortunately read said , and the most telling argument against him is when other leftists like powell in his future philology say things like `` in the wake of said 's writings , philology now carries a hint of criminality '' . 
  just look at the effect in real terms , india is slated to lose the ability for ever to study some of its most ancient parts of their culture because western study has been labeled as racist . 
  edward said is a bigoted dimwit , the value of his thinking is only high among leftists and destroyed philology and the humanities as a whole . 
  you dont fix racism with racism , and thats just what that man is . 
  it shouldnt affect average people in any tangible way , uk still makes goods that eu needs and vice versa , the uk still has some of the best universities in the world unlike other eu countries . 
  so there will be continued exchange . 
  is norway and switzerland not european ? 
  the only people who suffer from brexit are the mp 's losing their jobs . 
  this is way overblown . 
  countries like sweden and germany are trying to ram through mandatory migrant quotas , which really had divided europe . 
  disregarding the migrants for a second , is it really worth destroying the eu over migration policy ? 
  we are not even talking about internal eu migration , but africa and middle east migration . 
  if people dont want to let them in , we have to accept that . 
  lots of posters are saying how cameron drove thw uk out of the eu , how about merkel ? 
  she has stiffarmed countries like greece , hungary and the uk into a very anti-eu sentiment , totally incompetent policies if you ask me . 
  had merkel said hey we want as many muslims as possible , but thats our choice and the rest of you can decide for yourselves then uk would have remained in the eu . 
  welcome to left wing europe, 
  there is even a stream within afro-american culture that supports the belgium attacks because of leupold ii and belgiums colonial past . 
  the world is filled with people in favor of violence against innocent folk . 
  so you assume this man to be a law abiding citizen who thinks `` mhh i can \u00b4 t buy a legal gun that at most is allowed to hold 5 bullets and has manual reload , and i certainly wont break the law by buying an automatic weapon off the black market '' ? 
  european law on guns is not the pinnacle of legislative achievement , european gun culture is pretty good though . 
  for us outsiders , yes . 
  i imagine the adherents to it quite enjoy how powerful they have become . 
  thanks for the detailed post , i misread the post as allready having been convicted and sentenced to 5 years . 
  we need some serious reform here in europe , in sweden 2 people were convicted on almost identical grounds just last month , the idiots spread the video of the beheading to brag and recruit . 
  however , besides getting what will be a 7-8 years time-served sentence , the one guy was actually badly wounded from fighting , he was patched up in the swedish healthcare system . 
  i think the punishment is seen to be worth it in their eyes , our scales are not meant for medieval terrorists but rather to rehabilitate criminals . 
  how on earth is this a matter of legal interpretation ? 
  if you decapitate someone , you go to jail given that the court found you guilty . 
  decapitation is not a special case other than that it would add to your sentence , its murder , manslaughter whatever . 
  laws and interpretations for this crime have been around since the inception of a legal code . 
  the defence says he has been `` integrating well '' and mentions his young age . 
  only young age is of legal interest , we give young people lesser sentences for good reasons . 
  however , we dont let them decapitate people and refer to their social standing as a legal defence , that violates one of the most sacred principles of justice , equality under the law . 
  the maginot line worked wonders for belgium, 
  did we mention that he didnt kill anybody during that time ? 
  reduced sentence is in order !, 
  the day sweden joins nato is the same day we get rid of the communist party in congress , get a grip on migration and usher in a new golden viking age . 
  people dont understand how extremely left wing sweden is , the v-party has actually sent people to the gulag in the past from sweden to die . 
  they hate the us with the fury of a thousand suns , even supposedly `` moderate '' social democrats have a standing policy of demanding the us withdraw all their foreign military bases ( !!!! ) . 
  you think these guy are gon na join nato ? 
  there would be civil war in sweden . 
  when you speak of islam as a culture , its better to talk about arabic , moroccan , afghan etc culture . 
  arabs , arab language and arab culture are insepparable from islam , and the same is true for most arabic countries . 
  kurds have a distinct culture , same for persians , that doesnt rely on islam for everything , but of course the mullahs in teheran are trying to change that . 
  honestly , as a white person who has been in these places a lot for sports ( 2-3 times per week for 3 years ) , it is much more nuanced . 
  a lot of the best infrastructure such as the best sports facilities , schools etc are in these bad neighborhoods , partly because of political reasons , partly because they tend to trash/burn down their places and its a policty thing to rebuild . 
  i actually took a korean friend to angered and bergsj\u00f6n , these areas are the poorest in the entire country of sweden with extremely high number of people living off the government , there are almost no swedes there . 
  my korean friend was surprised that the area was considered the poorest in sweden , he said korea has much worse looking places . 
  so it is not like a shanty town with thugs at every corner , it might develop into that , but for the forseeable future it is calm relative to how downtrodden it is . 
  however , in most of these places , it is the fault of youth-gangs . 
  they are often petty criminals and just have nothing better to do than to roam around causing michief . 
  the kicker is , you get these imams and saudi money coming in , telling these criminal youths that the reason their life sux is because of racism and religion , and they fall for it and spread that sick shit around . 
  thats why we send the most is terrorists of any country , there are many potential disgruntled misfits who are easy prey for someone with an intricate story like extreme islam . 
  if you would just put away the 10 worst people in jail , and under probation , the problems would be alleviated by a lot !, 
  but the problem is that nobody thinks punishment and deprivation of freedom is a good response , they would rather spend a lot of money on `` integration '' projects . 
  i \u00b4 m not saying there arent places that arent dangerous for whites , but its no different from lets say philadelphia . 
  when i had to go to temple university from across the bridge in new jersey , there were some shady ass neighborhoods you had to drive through on the way , with bullet holes and people at every traffic light trying to wash your car . 
  endemic poverty . 
  but i dont feel like the people there were inherently dangerous , the only way you would get in trouble there was random chance , some gangmembers squaring up and you happen to be in the crossfire . 
  so lets depoliticise the police force !, 
  oh ... shit ... i can allready hear the unions screaming ... 
  i really dont see it though , in every thread without fail the top comments will be `` omg so much racism '' and then you scroll and scroll and see none , untill you look at the most downvoted comments which will have racism and negative points . 
  stop dramatizing . 
  yes , because europe is inhabited by a majority of people who just want to `` hang brown people '' . 
  maybe in poland , not so much in the rest . 
  the caliphate of malm\u00f6 edit : wow , the original comment the above poster replied to was by a dutch muslim who said he was happy to leave this horrible continent soon , he obviously felt so strongly about that , that he had to erase it . 
  https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/yasri_khan here is another radical muslim extremist with a top level political position within the left . 
  he advocated on national television that women do n't deserve handshakes when greeting them . 
  he still enjoys large support from the left . 
  dont ask me , i have never and will never vote for the left . 
  nope , he had to resign when it was found out that he belonged to a pro-erdogan lobbying group . 
  he still enjoys support from the left . 
  there are a lot of muslim immigrants like nalin pekgul ( socialists ) that have pointed this problem out . 
  we did know . 
  but people want to ignore , for reasons of political correctness , but most importantly , the left wants to attract as many muslim voters as possible . 
  parties such as milj\u00f6partiet with mehmet kaplan and yasri khan have shown that they do not care about the specific politics of the person , if you can bring in lots of muslim voters , they will hire you as a representative . 
  https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmet_kaplan mehmet kaplan , he had to resign ultimately because he was also tied to the turkish organization `` grey wolves '' , a neo-nazi organization . 
  it really is as bizarre as it sounds . 
  please do n't spread fake news . 
  official sources say that there has been a worrying ammount of fake news spread in connection with this incident .
