  last years censorship of the booing of the russian act is kind of indicative of how liberal the contest is . 
  i dont agree with booing the girl , she is just an artist , but to censor is just cancerous and indicative of how anti-democratic all things related to the `` european project '' really are . 
  if they ban any entry thats not hate-speech i 'd say fuck em . 
  they were cool with poland softcore porn act that kind of just propagates stereotypes about eastern european prostitution ... 
  well to be fair , it sounds like they are just integrating into french union-culture . 
  racist and homophobic marches are not free speech , they are hate-speech , illegal . 
  we \u00b4 re covered on that part . 
  it is that black and white , all you left wing extremists can go fuck right off , take marx to the grave with you . 
   police have to walk such a fine line with these things . 
   but intentionally antagonising may not be right or smart so what ? 
  people hate boybands with a passion , should police be like `` listen here one direction , you cant put up a concert here '' ? 
  there have been riots , attempted murders and acts of terrorism because some no-name , no-skill artist put up a statue of mohammed as an ornament in a roundabout . 
  so the problem is the artist ? 
  thats what your post , and the post you replied to imply . 
  so you wouldnt allow a gay pride parade in conservative areas then , cause thats pushing it ? 
  you either have free speech or dont . 
  its a very black and white issue . 
  there is no free speech with an asterisk * . 
  ( * warning , free spech not guaranteed under all circumstances ) . 
  every year on the 1st of may , there are communist parades all over sweden which i personally find very offensive , so fucking what ? 
  so if someone started shooting the place up , should they not be allowed to protest ? 
  your oppinion is extremely offensive to a western values , i cant believe your gut reaction is not to say `` maybe the guy shooting the place up should not shoot the place up '', 
  there was an attack just some days ago where an emergency ambulance coming to pick up a patient was demolished as they went into the residency to grab the patient , they came back to a thrashed ambulance . 
  people in these areas hate any branch of the municipality/government . 
  exactly , this should be the sane reaction , what i said was merely that the police is encouraging this behaviour by not cracking down on anti-democratic behaviour . 
  my ignorance ? 
  so you draw up this relativist utopia where the law is applied on a case by case basis and call me stupid ? 
  hate on muslims ? 
  are kurds not muslims ? 
  if anything , i was being critical of the swedish police , not many of which are muslims . 
  but suit yourself , this was clearly an uninformed racist attack against the ethnicity of islam lol . 
  and like i said , there likely wont be any in both cases as this is an area where police are not welcome and people dont talk to police . 
  the fact that swedish police are publically connecting the turkish culture center to the shooting is as close to confirmation as you will get , they are allways careful not to give information or to point out perpetrators , so when they do it means they are pretty sure . 
  the original shooting i said , by pro-turkish people , has been pretty much confirmed since the police is publically making that connection . 
  did i say turks did it ? 
  i said this more than likely is related and they are going to be swedish citizens of me-origin , i dont live in this racist world where your skin color defines you , if your passport says swedish then you are swedish . 
  the attack against this building is probably pro kurdish if anything , why would people of turkish origin destroy their own culture center ? 
  get out of here with that neo imperialist ottoman bullshit , this has nothing to do with turkey as a country , this has everything to do with swedish police not upholding the right to free speech and protecting democratic values . 
  yes it is and to be honest , o dont expect them to find the attacker/s quickly unless they have more info than the public , as is this a typical no-go zone where people dont want to be seen talking to police and they would rather hand out their own justice . 
  this is true , iraq under saddam commited genocide of kurds but i wouldnt say turkey did . 
  the only people that have commited genocide against palestinians would probably be the kuwaitis . 
  well to be fair , if they house 1 800 at 800k/day , that takes a good chunk out of the 200k total that have come so far . 
  only 198k left !, 
  it more than likely is . 
  police came out in favour of the pro-turkish attackers who shot the democratic protestors , saying that it was a mistake to approve their request to protest in this area . 
  sweden is going dark places fast , this is a great example of how not to create integration . 
  kurds and turks are not swedes , but they most likely have swedish citizenship so their ethnicity is totally irrelevant . 
  being a swedish citizen comes with rights and obligations , one of the best ones if the right to free spech , and the protection of law from murder . 
  so the kurds in this case did nothing wrong , the turks did , according to swedish laws and culture . 
  however , in this case and all others , swedish police is siding with medieval regressivists which will only increase tension internally between different middle eastern groups and between swedes . 
  why do you have to put national pride before legitimate criticism ? 
  turkey has become nostalgically imperial , just like russia . 
  in fact turkey and russia are in a proxy-war against eachother , that alone is pretty insane . 
  if you trully love your country , improve it . 
  cause turkey has been heading in the wrong direction for a decade because the improved economy was thought to yield hegemony over the middle east . 
  now that your economy has slowed down drastically , you are in a situation of war against the kurds and russians along with their allies like iran . 
  you have also distanced yourself from europe so much so that the only thing keeping you in nato-membership and european union talks is the need for us-bases in the region . 
  when the us has finished its pivot to asia and redrawn the shia-sunni balance , you will have 0 friends except sunni extremists . 
  you are not alone in being western and thinking egypt was stable now . 
  i was completely oblivious . 
  the media is so to-the-brim filled with naive fools , they reported 24/7 about the arab spring which they reported as pro democracy and progressive , turns out people wanted the muslim brotherhood and it ended in a quasi military dictatorship . 
  but at least i kinda thought egyptians had stopped killing eachother . 
  i think the media doesnt cover these kinds of things simply cause there arent enough competent journalists out there . 
  im not against the migrants right to complain , im against providing luxury lifestyles to people based on race . 
  i am equally disgusted when the left wants wellfare scroungers to receive more benefits cause they cant afford 50 inch flatacreen tv 's without saving . 
  you didnt touch my argument at all , you just offered a underhanded insinuation that i am racist . 
  so the argument that left wingers are relativists , a marxist offshoot , still stands . 
  this is the new left , poverty and hardship are no longer absolute but relative . 
  `` this hotel isnt bad , but come on , would you wan na live there ? '', 
  like we are all supposed to compare our lives to some luxury fantasy and feel bad . 
  maybe in other countries , as you know from this post norway allows child marriages and the same is true in sweden . 
  when a right wing politician in sweden wanted to at least house the children sepparately from the pedophiles , the left wing called it racist and as you can see from the article , left wing academia started coming out with reasons why its not a good idea to break up these couples , let alone dissolve the marriage . 
  it is a divider in the swedish left atm , social services and people working in the real world are against it usually as can be seen here : http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=83&amp;artikel=6096214 that was early 2015 , the politicians on the left sort of did n't want to cause anger among asylum seekers . 
  recently though , about 60 cases were unearthed by journalists where municipal right wing politicians had at least separated the wife if she was below the age of 15 , they still recognized the marriage but did not allow joint living . 
  this got attention and left wing academics came out in full force to denounce this . 
  i really struggle to believe they can be serious , perhaps the housing shortage is the reason . 
  but its a good career move for left wingers to one-up each other for more progressive ideas . 
  http://www.dagensjuridik.se/2016/01/debatt-carolina-saf-barnaktenskap the left here in europe thinks its worse to deny these `` men '' their lawfully wedded wives . 
  right now we are talking monogamous child marriages , considering its customary to have multiple wives i do not want to think about worse cases ... 
  the thing is , this should n't be a refugee-issue , and neither should it be left-right issue . 
  fucking and marrying kids is sick and illegal and should be grounds to immediately detain the older spouse ( not that it ever is the woman but hypothetically ) regardless of what country one is from , i do n't care if you are from another galaxy . 
  in my beautiful country , a post-doc from \u00d6rebro university wrote a column explaining why its horrible to deny these men their lawful right to their betrothed . 
  apparently a lot of left wingers felt the same way , propagating for child marriage and once again it has been shown you can get left wingers to support the most perverted ideas possible if they believe its for the greater good . 
  http://www.dagensjuridik.se/2016/01/debatt-carolina-saf-barnaktenskap the way the left justifies these crimes is to say that the marriage contract was made under legally sound circumstances , as the middle east does n't see the wrong in fucking kids . 
  by her reasoning , any civil contract should be upheld in sweden if it was entered into legally . 
  so you can bring in drugs , have slaves , as long as these were purchased before you entered sweden and became a swedish citizen . 
  finland , the home of common sense . 
  please rejoin , we need some of that jazz . 
  enlighten me please , tell me how `` marxism is about saving humanity , you are evil and lying '', 
  listen man , i cant keep arguing in a thread where there are left wing extremists who hate me for saying merkels centre-right politics are good and right wing extremists who hate me for saying she fucked up the migrant crisis . 
  lets just agree to disagree , i live in the real world and its way too difficult for me to enter the mind set of all you left wingers where the supposed upper class and 1 % are all out to get you , please seek medical attention for paranoia . 
  oh my god , you guys are fucking retarded , marxism means that the root cause of any problem is derived from oppression of the weak by the strong . 
  in the case of the middle east , the root cause of the problem cant be that they treat women like cattle or dont have free speech or democracy , it has to be the strong west that is causing all these problems . 
  the same fucktards who cry oil wars are also marxists , the assumption again is that the cause of the problem ( the war ) is resources ( strong vs weak ) . 
  please keep lying to yourself , the new left in europe , including social democrats , are deeply marxist . 
  keep ruining the eu in a way that makes all members want to leave . 
  so you are a marxist , at least be honest with yourself . 
  to say that the west in some way is culpable for the complete backwardness of the middle east is at best masochism , at worst its an attempt to demonize the west and excuse the horrible governments in the region from producing the worlds worst countries to live in . 
  left wing ideology created this mess , its like saying cancer will be cured by more cancer . 
  `` kein mensch ist illegal '' is prime example of pure marxist extremism that is incredibly harmful , as it implies there are no borders in the world .
