  i speak fluent german , english , swedish which means i can also communicate with danes and norwegians . 
  i \u00b4 m somewhat able to converse in spanish and my mandarin is pretty good . 
  what a brilliant idea , i \u00b4 m not gon na learn fucking french to be able to read what bullshit comes out brussels , and guess what , neither are 51 % of other european citizens who will likely vote out in the coming years . 
  the icing on the cake was when people suggested english be removed as an official language . 
  there are not appropriate words to describe that level of stupidity as the human mind lacks the capacity to imagine a pit so deep . 
  our current government as well came out in full force saying there would be no bilateral relations with the uk our ** second most important trading partner ** , but our current government does not have a single university graduate nor any respected professionals so take that for what its worth . 
  no reform will happen . 
  eu politics are about being as petty as you possibly can , we see this most clearly in our relations with the usa where we pester them for anything they do while simultaneously relying on them 100 % for our own security concerns . 
  after brexit , instead of saying to the 49 % who voted in `` hey we can fix this , obviously the uk doesnt want unlimited immigration while countries like sweden want as much immigration as possible , there is surely a way to make this work '' , instead like you can see here on / r/europe its all about being petty and a sore loser . 
  it must be because the eu is 30 % french and 40 % german , two countries who have done nothing but lose since the early 20th century . 
  i think finland would have become independent anyway , no need for russia as we can both agree that scandinavians are peaceful and civilized enough to resolve a very simple issue such as finlands self-evident status as a sovereign country . 
  the single greatest mistake of swedish foreign policy since becoming a democracy was to not intervene on the side of finland during ww2 , i know a lot of finns don \u00b4 t care but karelia should under no circumstances have become russian territory . 
  plus the soviet union basically quasi-nuked us all via chernobyl , they absolutely defile the baltic sea and the border regions with finland/norway , there is just so much shit that we wouldnt have to deal with today if the alliance between finland and sweden was as strong as it is supposed to be . 
  yes we unfortunately did , but it was being lobbied hard for so smaller nations agree anyway and from what i have heard , there was a big scandal in germany as well with a possible death of a journalist investigating the issue ? 
  its a pretty shady thing overall , i am a very liberal person and pro trade , but shell bp omv all have stakes along gazprom and i honestly would rather we used nuclear power or whatever than russian gas , its stained by the blood of innocent people . 
  lol ? 
  nord stream goes through swedish waters as well , and i \u00b4 m sorry to be rude but you have to be an idiot to miss that because russia used the building of the pipeline as an opportunity to dump radioactive waste on swedish waters which was a huge scandal . 
  russia also routinely interferes with shipping activities in the region . 
  the minister of the environment at the time of sweden agreeing to nord stream was andreas carlgren , who had expressed reluctance to agree to the deal but was lobbied into it despite environmental concerns and geopolitical issues . 
  while i think that the reinfeldt government was a very good one , they goofed on this issue . 
  its allways amazing to see people in a country such as finland with a very recent history of tragedy stemming from russia , arguing pro-russia views . 
  i cant for the life of me figure out how that is possible , i understand people can have different oppinions on economics etc , but not a clearly black-and-white issue like russia and what the eu has meant for russo-european relations . 
  unlike portugal which sold off ownership nationwide in its utilities to african sovereign wealth funds to not go bankrupt . 
  can you guys just be honest and admit that youre angry over the fact that you lost a meal ticket in brexit ? 
  russia benefits more from the modern molotov-ribbentrop pact with schr\u00f6der , had the baltics and scandinavia not acted up , germany would have given over europes energy dependency to putin via nord-stream . 
  also , merkel has pretty much prohibited any european country from militarily intervening against russian interests . 
  when they killed 300 dutch citizens , the netherlands had to chose between angering their eu partners by taking action against russia or do nothing and keep germany happy , so they did nothing . 
  your russophile comment is a provocation to liberty, 
  wales and iceland are the greeks of 2004 . 
  leicester won the pl , so its the year of the underdog !, 
  i dont care at this point , the uk has shown a way out for all solvent eu countries so the other 3 of us should leave, 
  atta boy , fuck uk . 
  meanwhile , morocco and turkey are extorting the eu but they are super cool right ? 
  feels so good to be part of the jerk . 
  and the left wing jerk continues on / r/europe, 
  so you think nazi propaganda is as truthful as what actually happened just last month in france ? 
  its no secret france has a ridiculous union-culture . 
  this subreddit has really turned into a delusional circlejerk . 
  germany has been the most russian-friendly besides france in the entire union , and when other countries were ready to send military aid to ukraine , merkel shut down any materiel being sent and also openly denied ukraine membership in the long term . 
  please , if you are going to spread propaganda , at least get a tag . 
  atta boy , next-up turkish accession and military aid to russia , the merkel way . 
  again , i think it is very contradictory that a country like ukraine has a legitimate pro-eu pro-liberty revolution , gets invaded by russia and we do nothing and then everybody acts like a crazy ex-girlfriend when the uk leaves . 
  especially considering how all the major european countries benefit from relations with russia , not the least of which is germany and the entire schr\u00f6der deal . 
  i guess eu-people are just a lot more left-wing than i thought !, 
  hey i am in full agreement but my critique is fair and in no way meant to scapegoat only germany , france \u00b4 s budget issues has certainly pushed them into some unsavory deals . 
  france has allways had a weird relationship with russia because of their strategic importance versus ... well germany . 
  the uk was one of the few driving forces for sanctions against russia , that has clear self-motivated reasons as well , not the least of which is the arctic issue which is completely irrelevant to continental europe . 
  but the fact remains , under merkel , anybody who prefers freedom and liberty has seen the eu \u00b4 s foreign policy impact repeteadly come to the aid of authoritarianism . 
  where were our military resources when ukraine needed them ? 
  they were held back because merkel did `` not want an escalation '' . 
  where is the eu \u00b4 s respect for self determination on immigration ? 
  drowned out in the flood of migrants travelling on merkels promises . 
  the schr\u00f6der presidency of gazprom is the modern equivalent of molotov-ribbentrop . 
  heck , just some years ago merkel was mysteriously ready to leverage european energy dependency into russia \u00b4 s hands , for what ? 
  `` better relations ? '', 
  the whole invasion of ukraine and the execution of 300 dutch civilians , completely disastrous policies by germany . 
  i like austerity , but on social policy and foreign policy , germany is about as competent as your neighboorhod drug dealer . 
  in fact , the drug dealer would probably be preferable , since he would assert himself against competition , not alienate the junkies who buy from him . 
  based pro-eu people , harm their feelings and lose your pension !, 
  pretty rich coming from a frenchman , a country where union members need to be confronted with tanks because someone proposed they should work 40h/week . 
  much better than say former german chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der who is now the president of one of the most corrupt organizations the world has ever seen ? 
  dae hate right-of-centre politics ? 
  a lot of the anti-eu sentiment in europe stems from angela merkels actions as leader of the leading nation in the eu . 
  i certainly don \u00b4 t think that greeks had any rights to be angry with germany for having tough requirements for their bailout , but on other issues such as nord-stream , ukraine and the migrant crisis her pro-russian and open-borders policies have been disastrous . 
  i \u00b4 m tired debating with people over `` my country is the most importantbeautifulmagnificentest ev4 bro '' , you guys are all from great nations ok ? 
  if the us left their bases in germany , there wouldnt be a soldier left on continental europe and its 1914 all over again . 
  a very informative , profound and elaborate post !, 
  it would be the equivalent of me saying a union of only countries on the upper echelons of achievement like bulgaria would be beneficial to western nations . 
   aaaaand there we have it . 
  i dislike welfare immigrants who do n't need actual help as much as you do , but lol . 
  i didnt say anything about my own position here , i just simply said a huge part of brexit-campaigning was focused on the migrant crisis and the utter and complete lack of a strategy . 
  all it would have taken was for a major player like merkel to proclaim a guarantee that none of the migrants she wants or that we swedes want to come , will get access to britain . 
  that way , both the refugees welcome and the brexit crowd could have gotten what they wanted . 
   you are trolling , right ? 
  you have imf , wto , banks , universities , even their own damn politicians say it 's a bad idea . 
  but !, 
  the people who most likely do n't know anything ( fuck the experts eh ) about eu knows what is right , right ? 
  jeez . 
  plenty of intelligent , well-read and educated people backed the leave campaign as well . 
  some of them from the very institutions you named . 
   oh yeah , totally . 
  except uk looks pretty pathetic at this point . 
  i think both parties are looking like losers at this point . 
  the uk establishment has decided their own personal careers are more important than to guide the country through this turbulence , while the eu has failed to take a golden opportunity to reform itself . 
  the italian finance minister said as much on the morning of the result , extremely prudent of him considering the conformist pressures on italy , a country that would be insolvent without the eu . 
   yes , and companies can relocate , especially the service ones , not unheard of . 
  infact , very realistic even . 
  what does uk have to offer that eu does n't once they are out ? 
  nothing really that i can see ( feel free to correct me ) . 
  the uk is the 2nd largest source of capital in the world . 
  i \u00b4 m sure you jest ? 
  they have nothing to offer ? 
  how about your mortgage ? 
  retail people dont have a fucking clue where the money for their home comes from , because backoffice the mortgage broker doesnt disclose that he is selling your mortgage to whatever bank is available to wire the sum . 
  a lot of capital flows within europe originate in uk . 
  thats why spain went down 12 % on friday , their entire bankrupt coastline hangs on uk finance-threads . 
   i mean really , is that a threat ? 
  either you make a deal with us or we bomb the shit out of you ? 
  you ridicule the notion of war in europe . 
  angela merkel said as much herself to the german bundestag when asked why germany should float a bankrupt southern europe .
