  so lets stop supporting people like erdogan and the saudis who profit off it ? 
  its fascinating to see so many akp-grunts and pan-arabist jihadis browse / r/europe , i like to think of your comments as fan-mail and a sanity check on my oppinions . 
  i hope more westerners come in contact with your kind , that way maybe we would start to appreciate democratic values both at home and in our potential allies . 
  exactly , if you dont like the west , nobody is forcing you to be part of it . 
  the choice between a higher standard of living , or theocratic tribal honor , is free for everybody to make . 
  we should remind people of that . 
  egypt has a much richer history of stability and cooperation with the world than any other arab country . 
  if today you wanted to invade raqqa to destroy isis , the egyptian military would be the nr 1 partner as their military might not be the best equipped but has the best command structure and organization . 
  if you wanted to stabilize the region through economic development , egyptians have an established middle class and tradition of engineering , they could become the first arab economy that does well without oil . 
  they and the kurds should be objectively speaking the countries we should pursue the closest ties with , not only because of current situations , but because we have a template for success and their leadership and people want to be integrated into the world . 
  our current allies saudi and turkey are much more interested in regional hegemony and for a small elite of people to continue their cleptocratic ways than to be a positive force in the world . 
  euro2016 was several months after the paris attacks , and eventhough the french hosted it , not a single moment of the tournament was about commemorating any terrorist attack . 
  the occurence of the allahu akkbar interruption of moment of silence was during a friendly game just days after the attacks . 
  i get so many messages from turks calling me names whenever one mentions a negative aspect of the turkish nation . 
  you guys dont get liberality at all , criticism is not a personal attack and an oppinion doesnt make an idiot . 
  now that you are regressing into theocracy you need to be prepared to hear a lot more about the armenian genocide and treatment of the kurds , because turkey has been getting special treatment that will no longer be afforded to you . 
  of course israel should remain a close ally , why not ? 
  if more of the middle east was democratic , we have a chance to heal the wounds of the region . 
  hey is erdogan paying you astroturfers well ? 
  i believe in egypt . 
  the major problem with western foreign policy today is that we dont reward countries that have legitimate democratic movements , we even let a european country like ukraine get ravaged by russia after their people had one of the bravest democratic movements in recent times . 
  we need to put a premium on democratic allies , call it a good guy discount . 
  with egypt , not only could we help you revitalize tourism , we could route much more of trade flows through the suez . 
  the silk road is dominated by dictatorships like russia , turkey and china , now that they have shown that with increased economic activity they increasingly want to use resources for destabilizing activities , we should rethink our strategic alliances . 
  by becoming democratic , egypt has a far higher potential to be a positive force in the world than saudi , iran or turkey and we should recognize this . 
  yeah you have to say really disgusting things like `` maybe theres a little bit too many arabs coming here at the moment '' to shock a swede , calling a terrorist attack an accident is harmless . 
  similiar size austria took in 30k during the height of the migrant crisis . 
  idk why you and others have this fetish for the middle east , take a flight to dubai and stay there if they are so interesting . 
  we have a racist immigration system that favours young muslim males , and discriminates against asians , south americans , africans etc. 
  they have a hard time even getting a tourist visa . 
  not that i approve of the practice , but people who `` find their love '' abroad have a harder time naturalizing their spouses and children into sweden than ahmed who lied to migration authorities about being a lonely kid , then wants to bring in 20 of his closest family once his permanent residence permit is approved . 
  i repeat , we have a racist migratory system . 
  please remember , this is a country that just days after the paris attacks played vs greece in football and the whole turkish crowd shouted allahu akkbar during the moment of silence . 
  turkey has changed , and should not be on the list of countries we cooperate with let alone a country that receives any resources from the eu . 
  we can work with other nations , egypt wants to become a real democracy for example . 
  they could work with the refugees , as they have space , are close to the prefered route and are arab speakers . 
  with 3bn euro you could create temporary camps that shelter the vast majority of refugees . 
  as for the migrants from afghanistan that go via iran into turkey , start fining turkey for their pourous border and deploy military assets to help greece . 
  start sinking any vessel and return the migrants to the turkish coast . 
  problem solved . 
  we shouldnt ever help religious dictators . 
  edit : since so many turks are harrassing people in this thread , claiming this to be lies and propaganda , here you can see for yourself http://ftw.usatoday.com/2015/11/turkish-soccer-fans-boo-during-moment-of-silence-for-frances-victims and there were several afp and reuters journalists there who reported on the allahu akkbar shouting . 
  i cant find the link , but a female journalist tweeted the source material and just like here , akp-shills attacked her online . 
  he must also be an idiot , to get deported forcibly from sweden is litteraly harder than to avoid it . 
  you can basically just fail to report to the authorities and if they send someone to investigate and can serve you , you can just say `` hey illegally residing person , where are you when deportation is happen ? '', 
  if you can claim an underaged person as a dependant , then it is illegal for the police to execute a arrest or even detainment with the purpose of deportation . 
  they are probably not told that the feeling of your insides being your outsides is not pleasant , that death doesnt set in quickly in a lot of these attacks , etc. 
  what we also need is just the effect of publically shaming these assholes , and the shaming needs to come from other muslims . 
  no , stop pretending to be a victim here . 
  shouting anything at a memorial is extremely offensive . 
  you as a turk should be aware of the fact that after the paris attacks when turkey played greece , turkish fans shouted allahu akkbar during the moment of silence in a similiar show of support for the terrorist killers . 
  allahu akkbar is used to racially and religiously discriminate against people , just like heil hitler was . 
  if someone says `` well for me heil hitler means only xyx and not these bad things '' guess what ? 
  he will receive the same punishment as the skinhead neo nazi who shouts it with full intent . 
  i dont care about your feelings for an imaginary pedophile like mohammed , i care about the dead 14 year old german girl who got shot in back in the real world . 
  isnt it pretty sad though , that the death of 9 people is polarizing in todays europe ? 
  i mean , i find it tragic . 
  someones 14 year old daughter is never coming back , you simply dont show disrespect like that . 
  i remember when i was at mao 's tomb in beijing , thinking to myself what a disgusting asshole he was , but i didnt yell `` give me liberty or give me death ! '', 
  at the place . 
   the idea is that they will go back to syria one day don \u00b4 t hold your breath . 
  my bad then , i agree with this a lot . 
  if you ask people about the iraq war a lot believe that millions died , because of the news reporting . 
  in fact , only 3.000 americans died , the majority of them not from fighting but from ied and suicide attacks by the insurgency . 
  now regardless of your oppinion of the war , this warped state of information is harmful to democracy . 
  we see it everywhere , because as you say , news now is not about comprehensiveness , only about speed and agenda . 
  ahh , the old hide-it-under-the-rug strategy !, 
  the guy who tried to blow himself up in stockholm did it , i have to say , the video of him lying in a pool of his own blood having failed to kill anybody but himself should be broadcast on al jazeera every day , to show the would be terrorists how horribly you die in these things , and there most definetly is no glory . 
  while i agree with much of what you say , i would propose to you that nazis today are a non-issue . 
  the number of deaths by nazi attacks is negligible in the period 1945-2016 . 
  the big exception was breivik . 
  there are even historians who say that nazi support started to decline after the fall of stalingrad , everyone loves a winner but defeat is an orphan . 
  if we treated political islam like we did dresden and hamburg , then people would associate support for it with their own horrible death . 
  that would seriously knock the wind out of their sails . 
  islamist terrorism is better understood as waves , rather than organizations . 
  isis is just the latest wave . 
  the solution is in the water from which the waves spring and that water is political islam . 
  heading the wrong direction ? 
  political islam has been a thing for half a decade now . 
  we are probably seeing the beginning of the high point in terrorism because this has been allowed to gain public support among more and more muslims . 
  not even usama bin laden had the ammount of support isis has today , al qaeda could not mount frequent attacks because there were simply not enough candidates available . 
  nowadays , isis doesnt even have to fund , train or have any involvment with these people , they will do it for them voluntarily and on their own money . 
  its scarily similiar . 
  and erdogans foreign policy follows the hitler model as well , he keeps asking for stuff , breaking rules , then asking for more concessions . 
  i cant recall a military alliance member that has so blatantly used the security of the alliance to his own personal gain since maybe the athenian empire under the delian league . 
  ehm , k\u00f6nigsberg suffered the same fate as poland , it was given away by churchill/roosevelt . 
  the spheres of influence were divided , and both parties agreed that there would be no more prussia in the dictionary , because they saw prussian militarism as the chief source of german aggression . 
  i dont think it would have been good to keep prussia around in its contemporary 20th century form , but obviously today its a massive headache for the baltics , scandinavia and the us for a belligerent russia to have a military base in the heart of europe . 
  im very aware of that fact and grateful that i get to live in a mostly western sweden . 
  in fact , one of the principal errors of swedish foreign policy was to remain neutral during the russian invasion of finland . 
  not only for the immediate effects of standing on the side of liberty , but also because this ratfaced policy turned out to be lucky and this has created a massive roadblock in swedish politics for any military related issues . 
  people quite simply think its possible to duck and cover our way out of the worlds problems . 
  you seem to have misinterpreted my berating of generous peace terms for russia as a general disapprovement of the allied war effort , which is not my position . 
  ahmed , i got it the first time , you dont need to comment on my every post with some ad-hominem , conversation is not like a kebab where you just put enough shit in it and eventually its finished . 
   if you want to have an independent bilateral trade treaty with the uk , you will have to leave the eu . 
  you do realize that this is favourable to one of the highest net-contributors such as sweden ? 
  presumably , a free trade deal goes both ways . 
  i have yet to see a wto sanctioned trade deal where one side is free to take tarriffs on the same product the counterpart isnt . 
  so there is not much to be negotiated , people around here seem to think government deals are negotiated like their local union strikes . 
  its simply about having a framework in place under which 0 % tarriffs are in place both ways .
