  slow down there ali , sepparate pride in your country from factual discussion . 
  its good you take pride in where youre from , but afghanistan is chronically performing at the worst levels on the planet , if you want to change the conversation about afghanistan , be the one who gets things like air conditions in other places than us military bases . 
  having lived in austria for over a decade , i respectfully disagree , austrians and germans dont consider their first cousin twice removed when hiring or making governmental decisions , they are meritocratic . 
  they like to nag about stuff and are acutely aware of possible improvements , just like the rest of western europe . 
  they were coming anyway , if you want to be mad at someone , blame turkey for building up a huge reservoir of migrants , then releasing them during the syrian war to push bargains with the eu . 
  invasion is not the worst thing since the death-camps , as a german you should know , germany was worse off than afghanistan in 45-50 . 
  the problem is afghanistan is not a real country , its a bunch of tribes , none of them are particularly interested in improving their country together with other tribes . 
  because according to swedish left wingers you are a death-metal-mega-nazi-superracist, 
  its like zeitgeist , leitkultur and other german loanwords ? 
  horseshit , the new turkey is the result of the anatolian hinterland taking over the country from the secular progressives . 
  what you see is a regression towards ultra-conservative political islam , because the kemelists , the people who wanted to follow kemal attat\u00f9rks westernization , dont have the same birth rates as the poorer rural population and its showing in the polls now . 
  we wouldnt have to give up our liberties if we just stopped financially supporting half of the middle east , either through them coming here or the remittances sent back to the middle east . 
  serbia joining is far from problematic , first off a lot of serbians dont want to join the eu for nationalistic reasons , they would rather see closer ties to russia . 
  some of the pro europe crowd simply want access to free mobility and hence the membership will likely be of dubious value to serbia ( brain drain etc ) . 
  attaturk-turkey would be a given member , i think adherence to that line would have put turkey ahead of even some southern eu countries with enough time . 
  the autocratic and cleptocratic tendencies of the erdogan days is worrying , also turkey doesnt seem to be able to shake off ethnic tensions with the kurds and islamist sympathies have made relations with israel impossible . 
  i dont think europeans dislike turks just because they are turks , i myself much admire attaturk but am opposed to turkish membership untill you get your country back om the right track, 
  no rant , descriptive text . 
  live happily in your bubble, 
  its the prevailing ideology among left wingers that reality really belongs to everyone just as capital , so then things like truth , culture and value which are part of individual reality also belong to everyone . 
  this is the basis for relativism , you can now claim to be poor if you dont have access to a 50 '' flat screen and 3 cars , because someone else has that reality . 
  you can also claim right to those things since nothing the other person represents could be deemed `` better '' and therefore explain this gap , its all just different . 
  this ideology is in stark contrast to 20th century socialism , which is an industtialist movement to provide basic services and infrastructure to the working class . 
  in sweden , i dont have examples of either right or left wing extremists killing anybody , recently one of the major anarchist group 's leaders were put to trial for a riot in kungstr\u00e4dg\u00e5rden stockholm , some have commented that this is the beginning of the end for massive , organized criminal marxism . 
  the prosecution is confident they can sentence the activists harshly because police now use undercover embedded personel that can provide good evidence and intel . 
  in sweden , this has been made possible because research showed that after islamic terrorism , left wing groups posed the greatest threat to law and order . 
  there have also been numerous incidents where marxists and islamists have rioted together , usually when there is fighting in the west bank or around israel , as both groups are insanely anti-semitic . 
  there was a dark skinned guy who was attacked about a year ago , but other than that , right wing extremists havent done anything noteworthy since they are marginalized and heavily surveiled . 
  im not defending those groups , the far-right is marginalized and almost non-existant in sweden , i just dont see how your left wing extremism is any better than right wing extremism . 
  and i would like to kick out all marxist post modern scum . 
  welcome to democracy where we are free to hate eachother without harm . 
  not defending the arsony , it is to be expected however that as the migrant situation escalates so too will the reactions . 
  these cases were just outside malm\u00f6 and around sk\u00e5ne , the state where sweden democrats have the highest support and originate from due to very high levels of middle eastern migration . 
  that would be a nice solution , unfortunately i dont see this happening at all as all of the so-called conservatives in europe favor immigration of unskilled middle easterners and africans while opposing immigration from highly skilled people from the rest of the world . 
  read my comment again , im saying the problem is perpetuated because socialism in europe is losing its base . 
  that base needs replenishing , so you bring in endless ammounts of people who need the wellfare state . 
  i agree with your point , perhaps i should have put / s or something in the comment . 
  which right wing ? 
  the sweden democrats have failed miserably to communicate any solution to the ghetto problem in sweden . 
  the alliance has been just as bad when it comes to avoiding the issue , allthough they are more restrictive than the left when it comes to throwing tax money at a problem, 
  you talk of riots as if its a bad thing , she has ensured demand for the wellfare state for generations to come . 
  thus european socialism is perpetuated and in europe the right wing is socialist too, 
  and here you are , fully functional human i presume . 
  the issue isnt the migrants , its our own european social-marxism that says anybody flying coach or watching a regular sized tv is being deprived of basic human rights . 
  people like you are whats wrong with western countries today , you live in this post-modern neo-marxist fantasy land where you want to fix the fake problem of colonialism by self-imposed flagulation . 
  id suggest getting educated about history and economics before you exercise your right to vote in 2018 for all our sakes . 
  in sweden only 68 % of rejected applications are sucessfully deported . 
  its a not a problem of practicality , its a problem of resources , the police just cant cope with the numbers . 
  no actually , you and your proto-marxist godess are whats wrong . 
  all objective analytics presented the centre-right government of reinfeldt as possibly the best in the world , we were lowering unemployment , sick-leave , taxes while increasing migrants accepted and public spending . 
  pretty soon the exploding costs for sick leave and unemployment will stop us from contributing to the migrant crisis and we have allready stopped investment in public sector areas like schools and health care . 
  good fucking job, 
  the scary thing is , yoj could remove islam and replace it with any other label in vogue . 
  championing islamic causes has become the new slumming for the privileged classes . 
  or , you know , he just values rule of law and its principle of equality under law ? 
  just because someone has less money than someone else doesnt mean the relatively poorer person can break the law with impunity, 
  jared diamonds book is a cool theory , it would be nice if everything was ultra-rational and fit scientific models perfectly , but scholars like victor davis hanson have thorroughly debunked this view . 
  take egypt , blossomed early but was overexploited , the greeks come in and teach the locals how to manage the nile and soil and the place blooms again , the greek legacy dissappears and we get modern egypt . 
  feel bad for him , the buzz on the bazaar is that scandinavia is an all-you-can-eat wellfare buff\u00e9t and the systems have been so overloaded that expectations dont hold up to reality . 
  europe is el dorado no more . 
  it had to be ?!, 
  as a swede , this article is infuriating . 
  the article should be about the failure of border controls and migration officers , they let a murderous thug in to the country and during his illegal stay he murdered a mother and son who were casually shopping furniture . 
  wow i honestly did not know . 
  my buddy in vienna told me 30k last year . 
  just goes to show how people are vastly misjudging the ammount of people pouring in . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  you mean to say there is a justification for what happened in nice . 
  let me tell you the root cause : backward and regressive skywizard meets highly developed civilization . 
  this is why the fine for the women should have been 300 000 , so extremists like you know whats up . 
  austria took in 30k , sweden took in 170k . 
  we are almost the same size as eachother . 
  watch our election in 2018 , the actual nazi party might actually get over 4 % , right wing populist sd might get 35 % . 
  just so that the left can prove to themselves how good-hearted they are . 
  dude , religious conservatism definetly could potentially kill or hurt someone . 
  80 people along the nice beach can attest to that unfortunately . 
  move to pakistan then if you feel like women are so horrible that they should be covered up . 
  but , but ... my feelings !, 
  forgot the / s ? 
  i can agree to that !, 
  but we have to accept that there are behaviours in the world by people who are evil . 
  we cant pretend these are huffy puffy clouds that we can `` educate '' to better behaviour . 
  should i dignify this with a response ? 
  you missed the whole arab spring where mubarak fell , the muslim brotherhood rose up and the egyptians kicked them to the ground ? 
  and for your second ignorant comment , yes . 
  countries can do whatever they like . 
  if we dont like what turkey is doing , we can force them to stop the behaviour we dont like . 
  preferably by fining them , if they dont change , we can militarily make sure they are not hurting us . 
  exactly , we have so much historical evidence for this , in the form of nationalsocialism , communism etc just from the 20th century alone . 
  is anybody here really gon na say that between the fall of the weimar republic and the advent of hitler , that millions of germans became mentally ill in the clinical sense ? 
  being mentally ill is usually not so conducive towards performing even basic human functions such as remembering to eat , much less being a good soldier . 
  from interviews with former ss people who were grunt-level soldiers , its very apparent that they didnt feel like they were for example , executing russian people , they felt they were simply carrying out the natural order of removing a weaker form of human beings from the ecology . 
  ** also , whatever happened to just accepting that some people are born evil ? 
  ** one of the great advantages of democracy and free markets is that one will usually be too buisy making money , so that the evil doesnt spill over into any physical acts of violence . 
  but we see organized crime who do the exact same vile , disgusting inhumane deeds like isis . 
  the mexican drug cartels will kill people on camera , cut off all their limbs and assemble them for other people to see , just because they want people to be afraid and do what they want . 
  there is no mental illness there either , ** just pure unfiltered evil . 
  i agree with your sentiment , but egypt offers an opportunity to cooperate with mutual benefit and with the added bonus of being in line with liberality , democracy and economic freedom and prosperity . 
  i fully support your comments on neo-colonialism , the west has no guilt when it comes to jihad , its a homegrown middle east problem .
