  now we can shift our focus to the prosperous and advanced societies of the middle east and russia and away from the treacherous capitalists of us/uk . 
  it 's a good strategy i think , i hope she gets a noble prize for it seeing how great her migratory policy has worked and the general financial health of any country to the south of austria , as promoted by the ecb . 
  [ we can do it !, 
  i hate to break it to you , but greece and cyprus do n't matter . 
  look at the financial crisis . 
  even syriza , the party that said it was the only one that wanted to stand up to the `` troika '' , was forced to swallow merkels policies and the will of the eu . 
  what matters is what germany and the contributing member-states say , not as an insult , but thats just how it is . 
  look at the migrant crisis , i 'm pretty sure most people do n't want limitless mena-migrants , but the powerfull countries say so . 
  turkey is much closer to eu membership than serbia , ukraine and others . 
  i wish what you said was true , but among social democrats and conservatives the consensus among pretty much all european nations is pro-turkey . 
  everybody except austria i believe , germany is very much pro-turkey , sweden too . 
  the real joke is that they will join the eu within 20 years . 
  get intellectually destroyed , proceed to talk about underaged masturbation , finish by accusing other party of trolling . 
  yupp , it is a marxist . 
  yupp , anybody to the right of karl marx is a 12 year old serial masturbator . 
  the funny thing is , you are so far down the rabbit hole , you do n't even realize that the offense you are taking to my comment is an immediate refutation of the things you propose to believe in . 
  edit : also , it 's kinda disturbing that the first mental image that popped into your head was a 12 year old masturbating , well well , left wing politics degenerate the brain i guess . 
  you are underestimating the political conviction of left wingers and the effect it has on their consumption of information . 
  to even slightly suggest that a problem is not wholly understood or appropriately formulated by the current socialdemocratic and marxist parties is a grievous insult and thought-crime . 
  so when breitbart and others take it a step further and actually critique and ridicule people on the left , it is equivalent to a declaration of war in the eyes of the left . 
  [ they are sick people ] ( https://imgur.com/a/nz32f ) . 
  yeah idk it seems people really have gone insane over the past 10 years , they will say anything to defend the people they like . 
  there was a ted talk on porn and they found big dicks is actually one of the top 3 searches . 
  well the americans certainly valued franceships in the beginning . 
  this thread was so fun untill you brought the indoctrination . 
  sex and gender are very much not a fluid thing . 
  i hope thats sarcasm ? 
  the level of ignorance among you left wing extremists is ** staggering ** . 
  i venture to say that you would not dare say 6 million jewish europeans dying by german gas is the same as 6 million people dying of old age ? 
  the loss of life is fundamentally the same right ? 
  this is neo-nazism , rebranded and marketed as politically correct left wing politics . 
  yeah like how they are refugees in need of help , wait let 's change that to engineers and doctors , wait let 's change that to migrants just looking to better their lives , wait let 's change that to just male migrant kids , wait let 's change that to male migrant youth , wait let 's change that to young male migrant men ... nobody does fake news better than the left . 
  then you are legitimately impaired and need cognitive therapy . 
  a car is not dangerous , driving a car is not dangerous , however accidents happen . 
  car deaths are usually linked to alcohol and speeding , i.e breaking the rules and being irresponsible . 
  terrorism however is dangerous and a deliberate act . 
  by comparing terrorism to accidents you are pissing on the victims . 
  ok so please enlighten me as to what mechanisms prevent non-whites from protesting, 
  how would swedes learning other languages through english count towards the ammount of people learning swedish ? 
  you are so far down left-wing-conjecture hole that nothing makes sense . 
  the article even expressly mentions arab immigration . 
  haha , not so much outraged as i am totally flabbergasted by your covert racism that assumes africans are too poor or uneducated to form a protest . 
  right there with you , grew up as a euro-expat , all my fellow expats had to learn the language on their own , we had no special school or anti-rape education . 
  we had to learn the language or we 'd fail . 
  our parents took that responsibility to make us actually learn it . 
  the main difference is , our parents didnt want to hold on to a stone-age religion and culture , they were not living on wellfare , they wanted us to do well . 
  another fun fact , the language most people want to learn in sweden is swedish , the only country in the world where the native language has that rank . 
  it is great and noble of you to want to believe non-whites ca n't be racist , i applaud and give you 1000 politically correct points , a social justice warrior hug and post modernist commenddations !, 
  but the entire country of zimbabwe would like a word with you . 
  no , but part of ukraines revolution was for reasons of self determination , liberalization and pro-eu accession , so it 's kinda weird that nobody would come out and say hey we support your guys 's right to do that if you like . 
  instead , the eu froze talks . 
  my major point was about the continental aspect tho , imagine if serbia were to have a war again , i would hope the eu would step in to end the fighting , we ca n't be a civilized continent and continue to have endless wars plop up everywhere . 
  so he is a populist , what a shock , he thought could benefit from a pc circle jerk but then realized people prefer not to get raped . 
   anyone who starts talking about `` a sick fetish for arabs '' , karl marx and whatever size of bank accounts ironically enough , these are the organizing principles of the social democratic party of sweden , whose cause you championed in your original comment . 
  i do n't know which sweden you are talking about where liberty is the foundation , maybe 1700 's sweden , but the socialists have dominated politics since the introduction of democracy , and collectivism is the foundation unfortunately . 
  `` anybody who disagrees with me is mentally sick '' - swedish left winger . 
  fair description ? 
  i would be a lot better honey , if people like you were not allowed to vote for 60 % tax rates and unlimited immigration . 
  they do n't care about rape prevention . 
  they just hate white men . 
  i recently had a debate with some linke/green members who want to make anti-rape education mandatory in sexed-classes for schoolboys . 
  i proposed that the large majority maybe 99 % of those boys will never rape even without that class , and it is extremely insulting to have to sit through a class like that . 
  their reply was simply that it was ok to offend men who do n't rape . 
  100 % agreed , and the hedge funds got rich off of the uncertainty that it created . 
  and it has backed the eu into another corner , because now every country will have to be bailed out at least once or else that particular member will leave . 
  imagine if deutsche bank failed and needed a bailout , the eu said no , then the germans who have bankrolled most of the union will feel betrayed and vote out . 
  classic prisoners dilemma . 
  indeed , it is ridiculous that we as a political union could not swiftly and unitedly agree that the european continent will tolerate no further invasions , not by anyone . 
  what is worse , some were and are quite prepared to aid russia in exchange for benefits . 
  we are setting a dangerous precedent for the future by allowing this kind of behavior , what is to stop turkey from reinvading cyprus or attack greece ? 
  should we reclaim karelia for finland , prussia for germany ? 
  i thought the eu 's main purpose was to stop exactly these kinds of events . 
  edit : also might add , it is especially sick considering it took maybe 1 hour for the entire eu to come out against the british people , promising a joint effort to ensure a `` hard brexit '' for the uk . 
  abhorrent people they are , juncker etc. 
  hi marx , i understand that corbyn is a favourite of yours , but we were n't discussing who 's policies we liked better , the comment chain was about how unsuccessfull corbyn is and will continue to be if he keeps forcing hard-left opinions unto a labour-party with considerable ammount of centrists and moderate views . 
  these are the facts of politics , they are not opinions and therefore can bear an objective discussion . 
  we are not evaluating policies . 
  corbyn is throwing a form of labour party the public doesnt want into the trash can . 
  i am allways baffled by you left-extremists inability to have an objective discussion on politics . 
  you mean the guy who won a bunch of elections ? 
  that was my gut reaction as well !, 
  this is a man who should have tendered his resignation long ago if he trully cared about policies . 
  he is singlehandedly ruining the british left . 
  this is unfortunately true , people expect there to be facial recognition software on trains or something . 
  we could make it tougher to just hop an train , but at great cost to our civil liberties . 
  an easier solution would be to take islamic terrorism more seriously before it strikes . 
  empirically , those regular pos are exactly who turn into islamist pos after a duration of unsuccessful living in the west . 
  american intelligence officers had some harsh words about the whole profiling , they think its outrageous that he was n't higher up on the priority lists . 
  petty criminal + muslim background + mid-20 's of age = likely future terrorist, 
  these guys look like straight out of a d&g advertisement, 
  if italy , spain , greece and all the 3rd world nations leave the eu , it would be quite an attractive proposal to stay, 
  its funny how the afforementioned rule applies to everyone except 1 tribe on the entire planet , who cant get over the fact that there is now a state of israel and uses its existence to justify violence against anybody . 
  saying that you can not find apologists for this islamic violence is i think sufficient enough to call you an apologist , just look at all the replies to my stuff . 
  the current ruling party in both germany and sweden are huge apologists and deniers of problems with attitudes among muslims towards non-muslims . 
  i think you worded it wrong , the real problem is that people are not willing to acknowledge certain issues , thats why the right fringes are gaining traction . 
  just like we saw with britain 's inability to recognize the threat from germany in the 30 's , the catholic church 's inability to recognize the poor conditions of their adherents in the 16th century , the roman 's inability to acknowledge the threat of tyranny in the 1st century bc , etc etc. 
  western civilization has allways had this terrible characteristic of recognizing threaths at 11:59 , when its allready too late . 
  we also see a polarizing on the left , as for example swedens left-wing government has been forced to enact a total stop on immigration , which has angered their supporters who want unlimited ammounts . 
  so the debate becomes 100 % no vs 100 % yes , in a completely unhinged slugfest . 
  scary stuff .
