  a small country like sweden cant deport any meaningful number and there is very little political will to stop people from coming . 
  people dont understand how exponential functions work , if swedes barely have 1 kid , and arabs have 5 , it doesnt take long to completely overhaul the demographic makeup of a country . 
  there is thos great analogy with lab grown bacteria , if it grows at 3 % then it doubles at 7.5 years from its original population . 
  the next time will be shorter if growth remains at 3 % . 
  eventually , 3 % growth leads to doubling times every nano second . 
  now arabs double in just 1 generation , while swedes are declining . 
  the situation is insoluble . 
  10 years is still pushing it , sweden took 160k last year , about 30-80k the 10 years before that . 
  we have at least untill 2040 untill we are a muslim majority country by that going rate . 
  germany has less immigration per capita so it takes even longer for them, 
  the eu is just painting itself into a corner here . 
  countries like poland would rather leave than pay 1 cent for arabs , while arabs would rather return to libya , morocco etc than go to poland . 
  this is like a forced marriage where both parties hate eachother . 
  estonia can into respect ? 
  we still love you , i 'd come to estonia for safety , but it is likely the russians allready got you by then !, 
  out of all the major countries you could survey , china would give you the least sophisticated answers . 
  they have a massive population , the majority of which are still stuck in communism . 
  if you talk to a modern urbanized chinese 20-something , they will give you much more interesting responses , but man there are a lot of dank-ass hicks in china . 
  yes and it will unfortunately remain that way , armed force against evil is somehow extremely unpopular , even domestically we strangle law enforcement , security operatives and correctional facilities workers rights to use force to subdue people who are behaving poorly . 
  my point is exactly that , but noboy in sweden would utter the sentence `` we are at war with isis '' , people think that because we consider ourselves neutral that we are excempt from conflict . 
  i grew up abroad as a kid in another eu country , my parents accidentally received tax rebates/contributions for having kids from both countries during the year we moved back , same story with paying back and getting harrassed . 
  it is actually a legitimate question , we recently convicted 2 men of terrorism for beheading people in syria . 
  but at least 1 of them returned from syria to sweden because of wounds he suffered and to seek treatment for those . 
  he is now paralyzed but alive thanks to the swedish health care system and the swedish tax payer . 
  oh and yeah he and his friend were both living off wellfare before and during their time with isis . 
  it makes me want to throw away my swedish citizenship . 
  who is `` we '' in this case ? 
  sweden declined to send weapons or machines of war to aid france against isis . 
  we are not using armed force in any way shape or form to combat isis ( i wish we were ) , so to say we are at war with them is wrong . 
  they are at war with us though . 
  sweden democrats will turn out to be a hindrance to solving the problem , as they want a generous wellfare state but dont have the tools to sepparate access to wellfare by groups that are a net loss for society . 
  they are only racists in the eyes of left wing people , because sd has basically taken over the core left wing vote . 
  unionized workers vote majority for sd . 
  the only way to solve the problem is to lower taxes and remove certain aspects of the wellfare state , this will remove the possibility of coming here and live off othet peoples money . 
  ibrahim baylan and alice bah are two people too dumb to comprehend the world around them , but smart enough to nestle in with the right people . 
  they are only a danger through their incompetency . 
  but yes , you are correct in that going forward , muslims and islam will have a large role in swedish politics , simply because of demographics . 
  this means that wether we lile it or not , theres not much that can be done about it . 
  its irreversible and allready happening . 
  thats why i 'd rather vote for low taxes than immigration-focused parties , the latter are 20 years too late to the party . 
  `` swedish '' . 
  this guy is just a failed turk who couldnt get a position of power in an islamicist movement , so he co-opted the stary-eyed swedish left who needed a muslim face to put forward . 
  hey man , i will pay for your travel to come here and we can record you going into these places and upload it to youtube , or liveleak because i believe youtube takes down gore right ? 
  are you caucasian ? 
  you have to be for this experiment to work . 
  well his minister of housing just got [ caught meeting with jihadists and neo-ottomans ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/svt-nyheter-avslojar-kaplan-har-traffat-islamister-vid-flera-tillfallen ) so i believe they are quite happy with things . 
  i spilled my coffe , lol !, 
  dont worry , they had 2 leftwing people on in tonights newscast talking about how humor will improve integration so they counter these facts with the appropriate ammount of propaganda . 
  if you cant buy votes in a democracy , offer to support people from socialist dictatorships for life . 
  these people are worth the cost to socialdemocrats because they are replacing the working class voters for left wing parties . 
  im not sure if you were sarcastic , but i would like to hear why you would consider it in a state of civil war . 
  i would say its a failed state for sure , but civil war requires 2 parties at least , fighting over control under opposite pretensions . 
  i just dont see that in libya , iraq , afghanistan etc. 
  im in the camp that doesnt need convincing that other countries than sweden are much more business friendly !, 
  skatteverket treat business owners like the maffia treats its extortioned people , pay up or die pretty much . 
  i agree but i would disagree over libya , the civil war has ended . 
  libya became a safe haven for al qaeda and isis terrorists after qadaffi fell , because the people that overthrew him were not bound by any western power to constrict the influence of islam . 
  libya has problems with a population thats sympathetic to islamism , but it is not engaged in a civil war . 
  people still do that in sweden, 
  as commical as it sounds , yeah they do , and then the intelligence community puts them on a watch list . 
  parents and friends call in to intellgence services and report the person . 
  but obviously there is a huge number of people that are not counted in these stats . 
  official reports from sweden say 300 people joined isis in 2014 , but a documentary about returning fighters revealed that the number is likely more than double that and some jihadists laughed at the estimate saying they knew of more than 300 swedish jihadis from 1 city alone . 
  i wonder why we keep blaming eachother for this farce . 
  everyone is just trying to pass on the problem upstream/downstream , instead of actually telling the source-countries to manage their population . 
  how come a country like libya or morocco is a major source of `` refugees '' in 2016 ? 
  i can understand syria , but only syria . 
  not somalia or afghanistan or any other place where people just leave because they are tired of working for a living . 
  we need to have a policy of embargo and sanctions against dictatorships that just send away people they dont want to bother providing for . 
  you are very correct , its infantile at best and anti-intellectual . 
  he says swedish taxes are great because everything is pre-printed so you just have to declare compliance . 
  so basically what he is saying is `` i \u00b4 m too lazy to fill out a form '' . 
  any statement in this article can be turned around to say the opposite because he just states things as if they are obvious thruths . 
  that 1 arab in poland is surely disliked !, 
  i was not aware that this is the case for moroccans , somalis and afghans . 
  sounds really messed up , they must be in population decline then ? 
  no it just shows that the process for determining asylum has become a political tool which is easy to cheat and that poverty has become a legitimate cause for asylum . 
  besides that , how are countries of 10 million like sweden supposed to pay for 200k without either drastically endangering their own wealth ? 
  in a regular year , we take 80k which is far more than eastern europe combined , and for groups like somalis , only 5 % have held down a job during any time after 10 years in the country . 
  i just dont see why or how this should be the principal focus for our tax money , i 'd like to build schools for my kids where teachers get paid well and to develop our businesses so that my kids can find work . 
  perhaps the migrants should do the same . 
  we do , in sweden 80 % get accepted during the asylum process . 
  of those 20 % rejected , 63 % are never successfully deported so we accept something closer to 95 % of total applicants . 
  left wingers enjoy them , economic migrants make unemployed left wingers feel better about themselves living off the state . 
  i mean , a lot of people must have had a whiff of this . 
  these kinds of illegal activities have to be sold just like any other service , and to sell to this kind of customer takes special connections . 
  no , the populace is very much aware that asylum has lost its definition as shelter from harm . 
  asylum today means something like shelter from having to work for a living . 
  ad hominem , the strategy of choice for post-modern neo-marxists . 
  you cite poor sources , and i cite poor sources . 
  we have no good sources because people like you attack anyone who want good reliable numbers on this . 
  if you take 80k every year and native swedes are declining by 2k every year , thats rapid demographic changes . 
  if current trends continue , sweden will be majority arab/afghan/somali by 2031 . 
  hey man , i am not interested in arguing facts , facts are facts wether you like them or not . 
  obviously this rapid change in demographics is not something you are ready to acknowledgr and even if you would , i 'm sure you would think that its for the better . 
  no its just poor statistics , this is an estimate of mother-tongue speakers . 
  its fuzzy and if anything , its a low estimate . 
  just consider that in 2015 we took 160k legally arabs and afghans and some estimate that the total number was 200k . 
  as a corollary , it is estimated that there are 110k muslims in sweden , by counting the number of members of certain islamic organizations . 
  do you think this number is accurate as well ?
