  https://www.krisinformation.se/ they are still looking to get in touch with suspects , no arrests are confirmed . 
  https://images.scribblelive.com/2017/4/7/44c828eb-438e-42d8-97c1-7cff7d5a4a0d.jpg this man is being sought in connection and is assumed to be still at large , contact the authorities with any information regarding this person . 
  we had a radical jihadist minister , who encouraged people to travel to the middle east to fight . 
  there are more than 300 people confirmed as having traveled to syria to join isis , many of which have returned now . 
  those things are more pertinent than policy disagreements , if anything , the jihadis and the marxists like milj\u00f6partiet and v\u00e4nsterpartiet have a lot of common views . 
  plenty of politicians are actually decent people , but they represent different strategic choices which you may find horrible and stupid . 
  they also market these choices in ways that we can find repulsive . 
  it 's the same with actors , people who play villains are usually really sweet people , while people who play heroes are usually kinda snarky . 
  i believe hitler said the same thing actually . 
  you do n't understand the basic premise of the argument , you are just here to defend the far left , you guys are just as despicable a political movement as the alt right and we will never be able to agree on even the colour of a green leaf . 
  i wish it was , but show me please a pro-us , pro-israeli far-left winger who thinks taxes should be 50 % or less . 
  oh wait , you ca n't . 
  nah they just hate working people , white people , israelis , americans and male humans in general , and their significant contribution has been to push a large number of voters to the populist right . 
  they also started this fashion of calling everybody who doesnt want 70 % tax rate a nazi , so now when we actually need to start worrying about nazis again the term has lost its relevance . 
  wonder if r/europe would be as cheerfull if we ever got parties like podemos , linke , syriza , v\u00e4nsterpartiet below 7 % ? 
  they are basically the left wing equivalent and have been going strong since the cold war . 
  yeah and thats exactly the same message you would get at a neo-nazi rally , at an alt-right rally or a communist rally for that matter . 
  the usa puts it on their money , `` e pluribus , unum '' . 
  it is nationalism , people feel like their european identity is very important . 
  in healthy doses , like our american friends , it is not a bad thing at all , the us has been incredibly stable politically after the civil war . 
  but i struggle to see why it is different to wave a flag in the name of 50 countries 1 eu , or for a specific country that is 50 states 1 nation . 
  what you are describing is exactly what `` the politics are different '' means . 
  it is why i put it there . 
  there is 0 value added by any of the comments that point out what allready is in my post , add some of your own thinking , you just had a gut reaction like `` omg , he critique le moi favorite zing in ze world '' and had to express your disgust . 
  abstract thinking aparently is beyond the scope of this sub . 
  if a bunch of people gather to promote a tribal cause such as nationalism , eu-nationalism or not , it is still tribal , still nationalism . 
  poor troll, 
  so you are either an analphabet or poorly read on the subject , because every newspaper with an editorial section is blasting those specific countries all the time , nevermind brexiteers and other nationalist parties . 
  `` it is different when we do it '', 
  yeah , but if you see poles or hungarians ( or god forbid , germans ! ), 
  in groups , waving their flags in support of their nation then everybody is running their mouth about hitler 2.0 , yet if you do the exact same thing for the eu then it is the best thing since sliced bread ... ? 
  i do n't see how it is different from any other nationalist uprising . 
  the flag is different , the politics are too . 
  but at the most basic level , this is just another `` rise of x '' . 
  you think it is impossible to compensate people for doing a common service to their society . 
  that 's kinda weird , military service is a public good like water and air , we all share a responsibility for our security . 
  it should not even be a question of compensation , it is something we all have a shared responsibility in . 
  left-wing / r/europe wants everything to be equal , except the responsibility to defend the state . 
  something all are equal , something the farm , something more equal than others ... 
  it is a sexual fetish for eu-federalists to bash anything related to the uk . 
  the swedish central bank is trying really hard to prove you wrong, 
  no it 's not , but it is also not universal , the reinfeldt government has received massive crititque for actually including illegal aliens before making sure every tax-paying citizen has sufficient access to health care . 
  i do n't get your point , the system is set up so that you are more or less forced into a salaried job for stable income and benefits . 
  if you are a salaried employee , you are forced to be in some kind of union . 
  i think you have the same system in finland , it is really dangerous to be a salaried employee without union affiliation for [ both the worker and business . 
  ] ( http://www.gp.se/nyheter/g%c3%b6teborg/g%c3%b6teborgsbageri-satt-i-blockad-av-facket-1.12455 ) you will face discrimination etc. 
  i 'm currently in a union that i do n't even know the name , if i told my employer that i wa n't to negotiate my own terms and salary , i would probably be severly bullied by my colleagues and pushed out . 
  universal health care , provided you have a social security number so homeless people actually rarely get care because that is tied to their housing situation . 
  this has changed recently though under the reinfeldt government , now illegal aliens have equal access to all public services . 
  unemployment benefits is much more complicated , essentially it depends on which insurance you pick , if you go the public route an entrepreneur will have a much tougher time getting any compensation as opposed to a salaried employee . 
  * for a select class of people , namely unionized workers . 
  you made a claim to the effect that there was a safety net for entrepreneurs , there is none , in fact many academics are puzzled by the fact that entrepreneurs are some of the least insured/covered people in swedish society , they often do n't qualify for most of the entitlements , yet they still take the risk . 
  you obviously have no fucking clue about entrepreneurship . 
  if you take a loan in sweden and default on it , your ass is going to have to declare personal bankruptcy just like anywhere else and there will be a negotiated arbitration for how you pay off that debt . 
  there is no socialist sky wizard god that comes in and pays it off . 
  go far away with that desinformation . 
  i 'm a swede and most days i would agree , people overemphasize the whole `` cuck sweden invaded by islam '' but the ammount of extreme left wingers here is a serious downgrade on quality of life . 
  exactly , could not agree more , i allways get a happy feeling when somebody else has figured this out too . 
  everything they accuse others of is what they themselves are . 
  power-mongering ? 
  check . 
  living in grandieuse mansions ? 
  check . 
  bullying opponents ? 
  check . 
  it is really scary considering that they call everybody a racist , sexist and tax-evader . 
  are they themselves harboring sentiments then of this nature ? 
  i would certainly say there is racism of low expectations . 
  if you look at the swedish left , there are incredible ammounts of cases of just those things among left-wingers . 
  i do n't think it 's the anglosphere , it 's the post-modern left . 
  you guys have all the power and responsibility yet you continously claim to have none . 
  all foretold by the self-fullfilling prophecy of socialism . 
  trump is the consequence of obama , it would make sense that european leftists look at that and double down . 
  it does not need to make sense in order to be a scandinavian solution , we measure by success by ammount of wellfare . 
  it was a joke obviously . 
  people i know are frequently acting as a temporary foster home for kids from mena , the worst case they had was a girl that had been the victim of an attempted honor killing , she had no hearing in one of her ears from the beating , but the father was not convicted because it was seen as culturally inapropriate to assume he knew that was illegal here . 
  so instead , they changed her name and gave her a hidden social security number , put her in a foster home . 
  so progressive . 
  so then the only scandinavian solution is to import the childs extended family and give them citizenship and permanent benefits . 
  that was the point , my bad i shoulda put an / s. 
  i agree with you 100 percent . 
  they can revoke rumanian membership even , fines etc. 
  so many tools . 
  but noooo the answer is allways more eu power federalization gogogo . 
  it 's fitting that a pro-eu shill would be named after the roman empire and not the republic . 
  fascists all of you . 
  no but you do n't get it , unless they give the eu more power and money they ca n't do anything against corruption !, 
  no you do n't get it i tell you , unless you give the eu more power and money , they ca n't stop the migrant wave !, 
  honestly ... you do n't get it , unless you give the eu more money and power they ca n't stop climate change !, 
  ... you do n't understand !, 
  more money and power !, 
  otherwise , they ca n't organize trade !, 
  how many times do i have to tell you , more money and power , or the energy supply is off the table . 
  our jihadis do n't use twitter , they work at svt, 
  what a surprise , a clip of people saying that the english are appauling gets upvoted on r/europe . 
  grab a copy of das kapital and throw some quantitative easing in there and the holy trifecta of the modern eu will have been completed . 
  in the book america alone , mark steyn predicts europe to be majority mena by 2050 , but it seems the rate of change has increased ? 
  according to politicians in baden wurtemberg more than half of all school children in the province are from abroad . 
  but there is such a mess in trying to find stats for these things ... 
  yeah , merkel layed the groundwork for a more pro-middle east demography and oppinion .
