  suprised portuguese/galician lasted so long . 
  anyway , why did leonese disappear so abruptly ? 
  the manifestation was the cause for the advice given to the students about not leaving their dorm . 
  but the conflict was `` permanent '' . 
  anyway , this article is from last year , things might be `` better '' now . 
  but still , this was the reason why i did n't visit poland last year . 
  i would n't have problems given that i 'm blue eyed and blonde . 
  but in our group we 've got `` darker '' skinned friends , and decided it was n't worth the risk . 
  ahhh . 
  just saw that comment . 
  in all fairness , its not very well written , hence why i thought it was from google translate . 
  anyway , i did n't say that we are racist free in portugal - no country is - but , according to the article i posted , students are advised to stay in their dorm rooms to avoid being assaulted by far-right poles . 
  this is far more tangible and far more serious than anything we 've got . 
  i think its probably the fault of google translate , but do you really wan na mean that portuguese are n't `` pure '' white ? 
  of course not . 
  http://www.jn.pt/nacional/interior/tensao-cresce-entre-estudantes-portugueses-na-polonia-5145814.html its not just the people i know , it was widespread . 
  use google translate if you want . 
  the title of the news is `` racism terrorizes portuguese students in poland '' . 
   they were so `` nationalist-minded and eurosceptic '' they would be hostile towards anyone coming here , which is not the case . 
  as someone who had some friends who did erasmus on poland , i call bs on your statement . 
  there 's a reason why we export so many bikes : my bike is like 6 years old and i used it one time - and that when i bought it and rode it home . 
  you did n't understand what i said . 
  by family , i mean catalonia , only catalans . 
  by neighbours , i mean spain . 
  just imagine that a powerful country ( soviet union in its time , for example ) annexed another country . 
  following the spanish example , they could say `` no , no , you can have your freedom and independence , of course . 
  we are not tyrants . 
  you simply need to have every country that composes the soviet union vote on the matter . '', 
  how democratical that would be . 
  they should n't need the support of other regions - that will never happen . 
  besides , the pure legality is not a great argument . 
  many atrocities in the past were commited following strictly the law - that does n't make them right . 
  just imagine that if spain wanted to leave the eu , they would have to ask for the approval of every country there . 
  they would never leave it . 
  even if 100 % of the spanish were in favour of it . 
  how tyrannical that would be, 
  if my family wants to sell their house to buy another one , we only need to consult the members of the family . 
  if i was forced to consult the entire neighbourhood , nobody would be allowed to sell their house . 
  if catalans want to hold a referendum about independence , this is matters for catalonia alone . 
  did n't see that part , but i didnt point it out as a mistake . 
  nice !, 
  the battle animations were quite good . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-hw3yvahky - a trailer about a movie made about the battle , if anyone is interested . 
  edit : found 2 mistakes though . 
  first , the terrain where the battle was fought was pre-prepared ( not quite sure it its the right word ) . 
  our commander nuno alvares pereira expected the king of castille to go around ( like he did ) and was prepared to fight on that particular terrain . 
  second , the famous baker woman , allegedly killed 7 , not 8 , castillian soldiers . 
  fun fact : our commander 's brother pedro alvares pereira , was a commander in the spanish army . 
  both brothers tried to convince each other to change sides , but neither did . 
  pedro died in that battle . 
  you ridicule his position because you cant answer the obvious question : how would you find a compromise between these 2 antagonic stances ? 
  bite me , camarada . 
  i dont . 
  but its what people like you think . 
  people who agree with you are smart , people who disagree are not . 
  you boast your intellectual superiority . 
  yes , only people who share your particular views are smart and knowledgeable . 
  i 'm a 22 year old . 
  i know plenty of people my age that share `` my views '' . 
  `` standart knowledge '' perhaps in pcp 's hq . 
  besides , i assure you , plenty of people share `` my view '' of history - the fact that he won the bloody contest - meaningless as it might be - tells something about how we portuguese feel about the man . 
  and whose views are you parroting ? 
  eastern front began in the middle of 1941 . 
  a invasion of pt would be before that , obviously . 
  read a book , yo . 
  lol , if you call what i 'm saying far right propaganda , ill call you a commie . 
  im saying that perhaps the miracles you mention were related not with the great policies of italy but due to the marshall plan . 
  the one where they benefitted with the marshall plan ? 
  the turmoil after the revolution was caused by the far left not the far right . 
  even your beloved cunhal said that democracy should n't be in the way of the revolution . 
  your saramago wrote on the the day before of the 25th of november that a communist dictatorship should be implanted by force and if necessary with deaths . 
  google operation felix and isabella . 
  thats what our government at the time thought . 
  and that is why 500.000 + angolans died . 
  i 'm saying precisely that there wasnt a good solution . 
  simply leaving created a civil war . 
  sure , its not ours that are dying but many died because we ran for the hills . 
  you know much of the repression was intended to keep the communists out of power , right ? 
  it would n't be much better if we had fallen into a communist dictatorship . 
  although i 'm sure you appreciate the fp-25 . 
  you are very passive agressive . 
  yes , italy in the 40 's was a beacon of stability . 
  they werent involved in a war and they did n't have dead freedom fighters . 
  churchill credits salazar for keeping spain out of the war . 
  salazar and franco met many times near the border to discuss the political situation . 
  hitler had a plan to invade portugal because it thought that it was a `` historical mistake '' . 
  again , its remarkable how you act like only the elites were invested in africa . 
  we had over 1 million people in a country with 6 or 7 . 
  many poor people had their lives linked to africa . 
  the conflict only truly began after the help of the soviets . 
  sporadic hit-run attacks dont count as a war . 
  lol . 
  `` if they have a civil war is on them '' . 
  you must be joking . 
  do you know why many `` colonial '' countries are almost geometrically perfect - with straight lines and so on ? 
  - because borders were drawn without care for the natives that were living in it . 
  thats why many conflict arose . 
  because you would have peoples with just claims to independence within a country who was also fighting for independence . 
  add to that , very different political views with both sides have weapons , and its no surprise what happens next . 
  but sure , its not `` our problem '' anymore .
