  i like spain . 
  last year , i went to gallicia . 
  this year i hope to go to the basque country . 
  but you are wrong if you think that the spaniards dont have negative feelings against us . 
  just go to any online spanish newspaper , search for a portuguese related news , and read the comments . 
  there is actually . 
  but there is always an ongoing debate about more regionalism - i could n't support it more . 
  well , i dont know all of what is happening in ukraine , but i think a significant portion of the people ( pro-russian ) dont want to be apart of ukraine . 
  in that case , they should be able to break free . 
  particularly because the leader they elected was overthrone and the coup aimed at destroying the russian influence in the ukraine . 
  the morality of a `` european '' intervention is very doubtful . 
  speaking honestly here , a united army could be terrible for the european peoples . 
  it could be used , in a future political and economical union , to squash the will of a people wanting to leave such union . 
  not to mention that i would be unconfortable if a spanish lead any portuguese troops . 
  the problem in ukraine started when a elected government ( pro russian ) , elected by the people , was overthrone by force . 
  its best to have that in perspective . 
  also a factor , is the fact that we would be going against russia - its best not to poke the bear . 
  even in a proxy war with the eu , casualties would be high . 
  if we sent one man to fight there , it would be one too many . 
  intervene in ukraine ? 
  supporting which side ? 
  would you be willing to send spanish forces to ukraine ? 
  as in , have a cake and eat it ? 
  for a federation to form , states would need to give up some competences . 
  not that i would support one . 
  `` help to pacify our neighbourhood '' . 
  this should set off some alarms . 
  i think its a little bit higher than that . 
  just in the battle of la lys we lost 7.000 + men . 
  fun fact : the only person to receive our highest honor was a soldier named anibal milhais . 
  nobody knows his story in portugal anymore but he was pretty bad ass . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  fun fact : the spanish flu , has its name because due to censorship , the countries that were involved in the war had no clear idea how ( badly ) the flu was affecting their countries . 
  spain on the other hand , didnt have this kind of censorship , so people were more aware of the reality of the situation . 
  hence , it seemed that spain was being more affected than the other countries . 
  nobody in europe would side with erdogan 's turkey . 
  i get what you are saying . 
  i truly do . 
  but you need to look at the map . 
  lets assume there is no american umbrella . 
  no more nato . 
  russia invades the baltic . 
  russia invades poland . 
  at one point , france and germany would have to stop russia . 
  and they are more than capable of doing so by themselves . 
  there is no need for portugal to be involved . 
  we are safe alone . 
  other countries might be safer and stronger together but we are just fine alone . 
  and we have and will have something that other countries want : safety . 
  we 're one of the safest countries in the world ( safer country with over 10m people , i think ) . 
  and i want it to remain that way . 
  `` if someone wanted portugal they could march on in tomorrow '' . 
  given or geographic location , the only ones we should fear are the spanish . 
  and we 've got a pretty good military record against them . 
  we 've also beat napoleon 3 times when other nations bent over . 
  not so easy to beat us in our home soil . 
  we were neutral in world war ii and make tons of money with it . 
  fun fact : casino royale is based on estoril 's casino . 
  we made a lot of business with both sides of the war , our economy was booming in ww2 . 
  if i recall correctly , herr hitler , stopped paying ww1 reparations . 
  anyway , we could , in the event of a war , just do what switzerland did and we 'll be more than fine . 
  i didnt say we would cease to exist to the world . 
  what i want to say is that i wouldnt fight for some country i dont know where to place on the map versus a `` enemy '' i have no reason to hate.over here , its not uncommon to call people from the baltic `` russians '' . 
  hell , ( old ) people sometimes call me `` russian '' , because im blonde . 
  this subreddit lately has been incredibly anti-russian . 
  if you want to pick a fight with them , be my guest . 
  i just dont think its reasonable to think everyone has to do it . 
  i would never , in any occasion , fight for `` europe '' - whatever that is . 
  i dont want any `` european help '' . 
  that wont ever happen . 
  france/germany would never fall . 
  that is why we will be able to be free riders, 
  better than spain ? 
  you are forgetting one thing : debts are owed to someone . 
  if all hell breaks loose , lets say a ww3 scenario , nobody would care about debts . 
  we would have a need for a new currency of course , and life would be worse for a decent time . 
  however , i should note that the time we grew faster in recent times was during ww2 . 
  being in a state of peace has its perks too . 
  if you want to go to the east and play soldier , by all means . 
  just dont expect me ( or much of our countrymen , i would argue ) to do the same . 
  i cant even place latvia on a map . 
  haha !, 
  that wont happen . 
  the only country that poses a risk to our sovereignty is spain . 
  that is the only war i would be willing to fight . 
  whatever happens in the east , is not my concern . 
  obviously , i would understand if you danish wanted to join forces . 
  you are not that far away from russia . 
  we , on the other hand , would have nothing to gain from that . 
  you are not alone . 
  this subreddit lately has so many posts about how `` we european '' should react to russia or the usa . 
  lol . 
  russia could swallow the baltic and i wouldnt give a toss . 
  he would make portugal great again . 
  economy booming . 
  big big big . 
  we would have 10 cristiano ronaldos . 
  they would score many goals . 
  beautiful goals .
