  it 's a different situation . 
  you are free to host whoever you like in your home . 
  this is a socio-economic event . 
  equality is treating what 's the same the same way , and whats differe n't , differently . 
  i believe each gender shoulda 've gender appropriate bathrooms . 
  2 people enjoying a musical festival are the same , regardless of being male or female . 
  `` sex segregation is the physical , legal , and cultural separation of people according to their biological sex . '', 
  - wikipedia . 
  its literally , the definition of segregation . 
  regarding your comment - a funny personal story . 
  1 year ago i was on a music festival , here in my country . 
  i started feeling touches around my butt . 
  at first i thought , people just wanted my wallet that was in my back pocket . 
  i put the wallet in my front pocket , but i kept being touched . 
  it was just 2 girls touching my butt for shits and giggles ( summer festivals . . ) . 
  anyway , according to you , that 's reason enough to want a male-only festival right ? 
  we dont want an uncivilized gender disturbing us from enjoying a festival . 
  defending this kind of segregation is ridiculous . 
  would you agree with having men-only events too ? 
  i doubt the russians would want one of its cities to be the capital of the eu . 
  i 'm not quite sure if you know the meaning of what you 're saying . 
  lusotropicalismo . 
  he was , although he coulda 've left a tad bit earlier . 
  `` like them for opposing salazar '' - no , i dont . 
  yeah , it was all his fault . 
  we were ` nt the poorest and the most illiterate before him . 
  yeah , the same commies that said that the `` revolution `` could n't afford to be twarthed by free elections ( a.cunhal ) or that the communist revolution must go on , even if deaths are necessary ( saramago ) . 
  much better than salazar , the boogeyman . 
  estado novo might have arrested people for their political views but they did n't execute people . 
  some people have died in tarrafal due to the overall bad conditions of the prison , but they were n't killings . 
  besides , salazar was a target himself of attempts of assassination by the communists - should i like commies because they opposed salazar ? 
  sure , but perhaps it could also be because he was a good leader . 
  there 's far more propaganda against him than there is for him . 
  nope . 
  they we 're patriots . 
  yes , salazar , hitler and mussolini are all the same . 
  radical . 
  many admire him . 
  young and old . 
  perhaps there 's a reason for it . 
  the great man fell of a chair which lead to his death . 
  believe what you want . 
  anyway , this post proves that people dont have a unanimous opinion about the man . 
  and remember , reddit is most populated by the young . 
  old people like salazar even more . 
  lol . 
  like portugal was n't an extreme devout catholic country before . 
  `` horribly opressive '' - dont compare salazar 's dictatorship to others : hitler , mussolini , stalin , franco - those were `` horribly opressive '' . 
  what you like to forget is that we 've had millions of portuguese in africa . 
  the war needed to be fought . 
  and given the hasty way we left , all went to shit . 
  mozambique and angola - where rebel groups were virtually finished in 74 - could be much better now as independent countries . 
  go back to the history books , op . 
  he 's a controversial figure , of course , but many here admire him . 
  he did not start an `` authoritarian government '' - the coup was in 1926 , salazar was appointed finance minister in 28 and `` prime-minister '' in 1932 . 
  that was a good burn . 
  i would reply , but i 've got to put out a fire . 
  well , reality is a bit different . 
  geopolitically speaking , we are on different boats . 
  if russia did to estonia what it did in crimea , i doubt many of my countrymen would bat an eye - hell , 99 % of us can not place you on a map . 
  yeah , thanks . 
  if you are afraid of the big bear , feel free to spend all of your gdp on defense . 
  over here , we should spend our money elsewhere , god knows we dont have much to spare . 
  anyway , if it was up to me , i would disband our entire army , just keeping a small navy . 
  soldiers might be needed there , but are not needed here . 
  yeah . 
  i know what 's the law in my country , but i was n't sure what criteria is used in other countries . 
  nice to know ius sanguinis is used everywhere as well . 
   because being born in germany does n't make you german at all . 
  that might be , but its not the same for every country in the world . 
  oh , sorry about that . 
  romania has some unfair rep in portugal too . 
  we use romanians as a synonym of gypsy , and as you can imagine , they normally arent in the news for good reasons . 
  haha !, 
  why arent you in it , btw ? 
  is it due to concerns about mass migration ? 
  were your politicians against in the past ? 
  always thought romania was in the schengen area , til . 
  jokes on macron : they already own everything in portugal . 
  in 1580 we were ` nt part of the kingdom of spain . 
  it was the same person that held the crown in both countries , philip the first of portugal , and second of spain . 
  portugal : i read no foreign author whilst i was in school . 
  if this goes to a referendum , people will vote against it , of course . 
  but then again , eu has a way of , like we say in portugal , pass trough a window what it cant pass trough a door . 
  it could something similar to what happened in hungary in 56 . 
   a common eu army is happening , even if you do n't like it . 
  cooperation will be stronger but we wont ever have a common eu army , even if you dont like it . 
  this tragedy has no end . 
  `` wins '', 
  yeah : gloves are off . 
  really ? 
  would say that it gets hot in your country in the summer . . 
  i guess you 'd love my hometown . 
  its never too cold and its never too hot . 
  in the winter , temperatures rarely go below 10 c and in the summer its always around 24/25 , which unfortunately ins n't good enough to go to the beach . 
  35c is a tad bit more than what i normally like . 
  29/32 is the dream for me . 
  unbearably cold for spring almost summer . 
  damn winter temperatures . 
  in my town , i 'm suffering because its cold :21 \u00ba c. even got a jacket on .
